What is the #1 food allergy for children? Can a child outgrow a food allergy? What is the rate of reoccurrence of allergy symptoms after stopping immunotherapy? I have cat allergies and wanted to know which over-the-counter and prescription medications might help. My son takes Benadryl for his food allergies. It works, but he ends up being so spacy. Anything non-drowsy I could try? What allergy medications are safe to use during pregnancy? Are there drugs that might interact with my allergy medications? Are there any foods that might counteract my allergy medications? My allergy doctor put me on Singulair. How long before I should start to feel better? I have tried Claritin, and today took the last of Zyrtec. I still have allergy symptoms. Should I try Benadryl? I've been taking Respa-AR for allergies. I can't seem to get it refilled. Will it be back on the market soon? I am nursing my baby. Can I take an over-the-counter allergy med like Claritin? My allergies are so bad I can hardly talk. What can I do? Can sinusitis or allergies cause a swollen lymph node under my arm? If my child has food allergies, how best can I prepare for summer vacation? Do you ever outgrow food allergies or can the severity of allergic reactions change as we age?  Could a mold allergy cause dizziness and memory loss? What can I take for fragrance allergies? What can I do about pet allergies? What are chemical allergies? Can a shellfish allergy be genetic, and is there a way to find out about allergies that could be serious? Do you ever outgrow food allergies, or can the severity of allergic reactions change as we age?  How effective are allergy shots for asthma sufferers? I have allergies to sulfur drugs. Is it OK to take Lasix?  Is it safe to take fish oil capsules if you have shellfish allergies? Is it safe for a 17-year-old to take Lodine for her seasonal allergies? What allergy medications are safe when I already take Norvasc for my blood pressure?  Is fexofenadine the same as Allegra for allergies?  What can be done to minimize allergies during periods of high pollen? Could my 5-1/2 month old's stuffy nose be caused by a cold or allergies? Despite three medications, my son has horrible allergy symptoms. Are allergy drops as effective as shots? My son's allergy test RAST score was 642. He is allergic to dogs, cats, and dust mites. Should I get rid of the dog?  Should I stop taking Topamax if I'm going for allergy testing?  My year-old recently had a reaction to peanut butter. Are more kids are getting peanut allergies because of vaccines? As allergy shots take effect, can I reduce my allergy medications such as Zyrtec? My granddaughter has a cough and nasal discharge that disrupt sleep. Can a 3-month-old have an allergy?  My daughter is on Adderall XR 30 mg. Can she take Sudafed PE for allergies? I am taking an antihistamine for my allergies and an expectorant for my cough. Is this OK?  My daughter takes an antibiotic for impetigo, and eye drops for allergies. Can she take something to reduce her fever? I never had a reaction to shellfish until I was 18. I'm now 34. Will I have the allergy for life?  Can hearing loss linked to coffee or other food allergies?  When I have my worst allergy symptoms, I get a stiff neck and left shoulder. Is this allergy-related?  For my allergies, can I take Claritin Liquid Gels during the day and Tylenol Severe Allergy at night? The steroid nasal spray for my 6 year old son is for use in children 12 years & older. Why did his doctor prescribe it? Is it safe to take Sudafed PE Sinus and Allergy while taking lisinopril-HCTZ 20 (12.5 mg)?  I take Allegra-D, sometimes use allergy eye drops and Rhinocort. Recently I added Sudafed. Is OK to combine these drugs? I took some loratadine for allergies. But I think I may have a cold instead. Is it OK to take Nyquil and/or Dayquil?  I take Lexapro antidepressant. Can I take an over-the-counter medicine for my allergies?  My 10-year-old weighs around 100 pounds. She has severe allergies. What allergy medications can she take? What can I do about my allergy to the sun?  When is the best time of day to exercise outdoors if you have allergies? Can allergies cause swollen glands? I wake up at home, feeling dizzy, weak and headache. I sleep elsewhere I dont wake dizzy, what is the cause or allergy? My daughter gets blisters in her throat every few weeks Some are full of pus, turning into bronchitis. What causes?  Why does air come out of my mouth when blowing my nose? My 4 yearold has a casein allergy, but has shown little reaction to foods containing whey and at time skim milk. Why? Have I grown out of my Allergy to egg? why is my right eye bloodshot in the morning? It doesn't itch or burn. Can't even tell it's irritated. Hi, I woke up with a red bumps on my left cheek. it doesnt look like acne. i was in the sun yesterday are they sunspots? What is the difference between singulair and montelukast Right ear is plugged. It was checked and there is on wax, no infection, was told it was probably allergies. Now what? If i took allegra at lunch and benadeyl before bed can i still take walgreens cold and flu relief too? Why am I developing multiple food intolerances all of a sudden? Can a woman get a yeast infection in her eyes or nose that have allergy like symptoms from touching her vagina then eye? How to treat shingles at age 21 with no health insurace? Will a city with substantially cleaner air make that big of a difference for someone with asthma?  I always ate eggs and now I have a diagnosed allergy. How does this happen? Pinkeye Have had a very bad cold for last week now I have yellow discharge from my nose, no fever or anything, sinus infection? can you develop an allergy at anytime of your life? Had year round runny nose for as long as i can remember. Go through tissues like crazy and dr advice not working - help  I have sticky watery eyes. What may be the cause? No redness on lids. No allegies that I am aware of. can brown lady bug bites cause you to get an allergy to styrofoam, plastics, and latex (swelling of the eyes only) when my skin on my hands get wet, I can scrape a layer of skin off. should this be happening? whats going on? i feel like there is something stuck in my throat I have had a mucus producing cough for 3 months, can this be caused by allergies? I get sinusitis a lot. I get treated but then my sisnsitis comes back pretty fast sometimes. should i see a specialist? swellings like pimples with red color on penis head because of allergy? Is there a link between a latex allergy and hard shell capsules? rheumatoid factor; H. pylori igg; RH type Can allergy shots affect sexual function? Is allergy drainage ever green or does that only indicate a viral or bacterial infection. Friend is suffering from shortness of breath, fainting, days lost in memory, sneezing, vomiting, chest tightness. HELP!! My 14 month old takes zyrtec for her allergies. But has a runny nose and chest congestion. What can I do for her? Most of the time when I get cold it's triggered by my allergies. is this normal? What can I do to prevent this? Can you take Tylenol and Benedryl together?  how much benadryl should I give my dog I've been taking Claritin D for the past 2 weeks for my seasonal allergies and it's not working. What should I do? Can I give my 3 year old daughter childrens claritin and a decongestion med within 24 hours of each other? Our 6yo had 1 dose of Benadryl in the earlier (did not work) How many hours must we wait to give him 5mg Cetirizine? I've been spitting up blood and mucus in the morning for the past week. I've also been congested. Should I see doctor? How to cure the so called "Burning Lip Syndrome"? Only continuous application of eletone slightly relieves it my eyes are red burning sensation and there swollen and red. tryed allerga with no help? 10 yr. old son--blood-shot eye (right eye on outside) for almost 3 weeks. No other issues. Is it time to see the doctor? I have an allergy to amoxicillin can i take cephalexin 500 MG My wife is having problems with allergys to everything, out of no where they are increaseing in what she is allergic to my 22month old has a fever giving her ibuprofin, but also has allergy. is it safe to give benedryl at the same time I have had for 6 days a dry/hard cough along with a lot of sinus pain. Should i buy meds or let it roll its course? My 2year old daughter keeps breaking out in hives every couple weeks to months. No food allergys or nothing in our home. upper teeth on one side hurt, bad. One tooth seems to be pushing down. no allergies, sneezing coughing etc, My 13yrd old has severe egg and nut allergy can she get tdap vaccination for whooping cough and tetanus safely? I have had TRUE test done and I am allergic to the PPD's in dark hair color. Is it safe to get Tattoo? 88-year old woman;congestive heart failure, low kidney function. no known allergies.eyes are so swollen can't see out? When I mow grass, I develope an itchy "hive like" rash on hips/thighs. lasts 2 days. am I alergic to grass? What can do? Id like to know can i take penicillin with allergy/cold medicine. I also take high blood presssure pills. can an epi pen be used for a penicillin allergy will medicare cover allergy testing I have pain in my jaw, teeth and neck for the past few days. 37 yr old female- good oral hygiene- what is going on? Do air purifiers help with cat dander? Which ones are the best? Are there air borne allergies to shellfish? is it ok for my 5 year old to take benadryl on a daily basis I had an allergic reaction (likely something I ate),can I just re-try these foods to determine which caused the allergy? Can allergies lead to pneumonia? Should I be concerned about asthma? Is there any advantage to more allergy testing? Zyrtec and Benadryl in the same day? Can you have a pork allergy?  I get hard, small pieces of what I think is gunk that has hardened that come out of my mouth. What is it? Stuffy sinuses after eating wheat or drinking beer. Can you be reinfected with strep while in the middle of treatment? Psychological or Physiological? Every time I eat eggs I get a stomach ache. is the Tdap booster mold-based (ie like the older flu vaccines and hepatits immunizations)? Have severe mold allergy. Are common allergies contagious to other? what is the difference between allergra allergy D and allegra allergy Health - Lungs - Tightness, Short of Breath, Wheezing? How long can I take an otc nasal spray called Vibrocil? Are there any permanent side-effects? In Hungary. How long does it take for a cat allergy to surface if you move into a home with cats? (an asthmatic cat allergy) My Labia itch intensely, especially after I urinate. No other symptoms. Is it possible to be allergic to my urine? my husband is allergic to many things. His most recent allergy is fleas. We have tried cremes etc. what should i do next  I have skin allergy for the past 15 years, itching all over the body. what causes hives in a 12 year old boy and it is not food allergies? I am having signs of early pregnancy. My last cycle started Dec 23 and ended Dec 30. It is Jan 14. can children die from a cat allergy Had allergy tests done, not allergic. Sinus drainage in the back of my throat and my eyes, nose are itchy. not sure wha Does aloe vera contain latex? MY BODY IS REALLY ITCHING ITCHY PIMPLES AROUND MY BODY, WHAT SHOULD I DO,TAKE,WHAT IS THIS, TRIED ANTI HISTAMINES BUT UH Do doctors recommend use of OTC allergy and cold remidies that are expired ? can a drug allergy have symptoms after the meds are finished? My boyfriend took 2 benadryl and 1 zyrtec about 2 hrs apart. Is that safe? whats the next step in determining cause of my 6 yr old hives? how do i get DR to test for the"rare" causes. Which OTC allergy medicine can be taken with Singulair? what are the long term effects of being stung by killer bees? My 4 1/2 month Old is batteling allergies. What can I give her? drug allergy How severe is a Class III allergy to dog hair/ dander?What are the correct preventative measures? does an egg allergy mean an allergy to all eggs or just chicken eggs? could I still use duck eggs, etc.? is vertigo an allergy symptom adult male will not blow nose Red Spots on Penis which looks like tiny pimples. I went to a dermat who recoed me some antibiotics and steriod creams. I bought a tanning lotion that contains sweet almond oil. Will it affect my boyfriend who has a peanut allergy? can you run a fever with allergies? Is breaking out in a rash a side effect of amoxicillin or an allergic reaction  I have read that is possible to develop an allergy to meat, particulary beef, after being bitten by a tick. Yes - No ?? is pure maple syrup a problem for a child with allergy to tree nuts? What cod cause a severe allergic reation when you are not allergic to anything? My daughter has allergic reactions from unknown allergens. Should we follow a certain diet to rule out allergens? Swollen upper eyelid on the right side of my right eye. No itching, burning, discharge, redness. Its just swollen.  I have had fluid in my ear for a year and a half? Can food allergies cause weight gain? Why would my doctor order a chest xray when testing for allergy? my grandson is 14 he rubbed his nose to the point that it is red and swollen and hurts to the touch, could it be broken? Can you get metal poisoning from a knee replacement? Can you get still get allergies even if you don't have tonsils? Is soy milk or almond milk better if there is a potential milk allergy or intolerance? how can i rinse my nose after a walk i got allergies? how can i rinse my nose after a walk i got allergies? can allergy meds. cause prostate problems can claritin D 24 hour cause erectile dysfunction? Can u take Allegra d while taking z pack How to treat my allergies I went for a skin allergy test and had zero reaction to the allergens until 5 hours later when my back broke out My 3 yr old has thrown up twice after eating peanut butter and a peanut cliff bar but has eaten peanut butter before. My husband says pork makes his stomach ache, but he loves bacon. He says its only sometimes. Is he telling the truth? I have an allergy to acetaminophen. I'm almost 13 weeks pregnant. Are there any alternatives? 