How do fat absorption inhibitors work? Will I really have anal leakage? I stepped on a nail. Do I need a tetanus shot? Is it normal for a woman to bleed after having anal sex, and if so, how long does it usually last?  Is it normal to bleed for two weeks after anal sex? Could genital herpes be causing the breakouts on my torso, in my mouth, and around my genital and anal areas? Boy 24 mos: ext. anal area sore, red; no fever; 4 soft BMs vs 2/day; min diet chg. Xlnt diaper chg; Banana ok. Others? Can a person be allergic to prenatal vitamins? I occasionally experience pain during sex, but I can't figure out why it happens. What's wrong with me? found a bead size bump under the skin right outside of the anal area?? what can it be?? is a little sore Question regarding wheat insensitivity..Can a non celiac be insensitive to wheat why do i have what look like blood blisters on my vagina lips and near the anal area? Fecal odor even right after showering. icthy and rashes problem wid my penis and anus???? anus too close to vagina Penile Sensitivity Problems. (under sensitive) Help!!! Nail through my thumb,tetanus not up to date, no insurance, ER costs too much, can I wait 25 hours for Dr for booster? I have itching and discomfort around the anal opening. I don't have hemroids. I can't seem to rid of the problem? I found 3 seperate itchybite looking scabs on the midshaft of my penis. Not even 5mm in diameter and dont hurt. After sex this morning I got stomach cramps that turned into SHARP constant stabbing pain from vag. to my anus. Ideas? The last time I had sex its hurt more then is use to and after i found three white bumps what could this mean Is there a specific doctor that I need to see for an anal abcess? Why can you never have anal sex after a stapled hemorrhoidopexy? My doctor asks me to get a tetanus vaccine upon an injury when I am doubtful of acquiring tetanus.  Does a tetanus shot help prevent, or lessen the occurance of cold sores my lowr leg tendon will draw up in the mid of the night causing my big toe and frnt ankl area to draw up. Have to walk  I had anal sex and now I cant seem to go to the bathroom. Please Help. how do you heal small cuts near the vaginal opening anus? Diagnosis? had a UTI and now experience pressure above the anus and testes and ejaculation does not feel same Can a premature baby who did not receive the pertussis vaccine because of an intercranial hemmoage recive it as an adult I have a pilonidal sinus above my normal anal cavity. Can it be filled/removed surgically? I have a pilonidal sinus above my normal anal cavity. Can it be filled/removed surgically? Need Help about Tear near Anus. CAN I GET PREGNANT IF MY BF EJACULATED INSIDE MY ANUS ON THE 4TH DAY AFTER MY MENSTRUATION? What is the problem when your feces have a hard time coming out of your anal canal? Does semen get infected and cause buring sensation when you urinate? An unusual grown has appeared near my anus. It hurts when I sit. I felt it and it's soft (kind shaped like a clitoris). anus bleeding After anal sex, I experienced extreme nausea, cold sweats, and lethargy - no other symptoms. Was this related, and why? My partner has herpes (anal). Is oral sex ok? is kissing with tongue ok? Is pleasiuring each other by masturbation ok? What do you do when you view pinworms coming out of your child's anus? My daughter (12) stepped on a nail today in our back yard. Last shot 1/04. Would she require another tetanus shot? Do external hemorrhoids have to be directly on the anus? how long is a tetanus shot good for? I had a Dtap in 2011 and i stepped on a nail today. Do i need to get a tetanus shot? I have a boil and am on Bactrim.It is done draining but now it is white in color. Is this a sign that it is healing? noticed a rash on my butt, most receded next day except two now-scabs which have not hurt/itched at all. is this herpes? Why am I getting a rash or blisters in the area between my testicles and anus? Lump on my anus? For 24 hours having sharp, shooting pain in lower abdomen and sometimes anus. Doesn't matter position or movement. I recieved a teanus shot in my left shoulder 30 days ago and it still makes my whole arm numb. Did they hit a nerve? Can I get pregnant after anal sex if my bf ejaculated in my anus Do I have anal abscess? Give me the exact symptoms. Which doctor should I consult? i stepped on a rusty nail 6/16/2013. i had a tetanus booster in 2008 after an injury. do i need to get another one now? I scraped my leg on a rusty part of a fence and haven't had a tetanus shot in over 10 years, should I get the shot? Can a virgin girl get pregnant without penetration? For about 8 years pain and discomfort after bowel movements and while sitting. Seems swollen and bumpy around rectalarea My 13yrd old has severe egg and nut allergy can she get tdap vaccination for whooping cough and tetanus safely? I am only 19 and this morning I saw blood in my stool. What could be the cause? I don't have anal sex, I feel no pain. I had a tetanus shot 4 days ago and now have chest pain and irritability. Should I be concerned? If I had unprotected anal sex with someone i did not know but they said they were clean should I consider taking hiv pep anal bleeding? Are tampons dangerous to place in the anus? Does the answer apply to both sexes? What are the risks? is there anyway to get chlamydia besides sex Can you get pimples inside of your vagina near the edge of the vaginal opening? how can I relieve anal burning from diarrhea? i had unprotected oral and protected anal sex (recieving) with a she male she idnt ejaculate. im so worried about hiv.. My 3 yr old daughter has a small flap of skin on her anus Cut myself with a utility knife on Wed Health Clinic opens on Mon for Tetanus Vac Is it ok to wait until Mon? 12.5 years ago I had surgery for genital warts (anal). No recurrences. No precancerous cells. Can I still pass on HPV? Anal growths...have had for years, need help If i had a tetanus shot 2 to 3 years ago will it hurt me to get a tdap shot now? I had a minor surgical wound open today. Can I use super glue after closing it with a butterfly bandaid in the middle? What is a piece of skin outside the anus that is painful I have suffered inflammation of the bowel for over four months. Can eating fruit make this worse? what should i avoid? Slight anal bleeding that has stopped? Anxiety? Why does my anus only itch at night ( 20 years old male)? I have Bloody Stools.. When I go #2 I drip enough blood to turn the bowl red. Walking also causes blood drip from anus. pulsing anus after anal sex Can hemorroids cause blood on toilet paper, not only from my anus, but also from farther up the "crack" several inches Im 28 prostate problems or something else? Frequent urination/split stream/excess dribbling spots in pant minutes after Why do I experience severe pain in my anal area after ejaculation Last night, I stepped on an earring that I never wore before and it went into my foot. could develop tetanus from this? Bleeding out the Anus even when just peeing. Medium to heavy bleeding. Should I go to the hospital. I have been struggling to have bowel movements and there appears to be 2 wart like bumps. What could this be? Pain in my jaw Frequent, soft, yellow, stool? What causes occasional stabing pain in the male anal canal that dates back to childhood? what happen if something enters the anus and does come back out? I have a small lump on the opening of my anus? What will happen when an adult receiving 2 tetanus vaccines within 2 months? Can E. coli bacteria be in a boil near the anus? my wife love anal sex rather than vagina , is it save swallowing prostate secretions Anal to vaginal sex What is the likelihood of UTI in men who engage in anal sex? The top did not cum inside and antibac soap was used after. I'm not sure if I have a pilonadil cyst, I have two holes above my anus but i have no pain or leakage had anal sex by using codom but still got late period?  treatment for anal fistula that does not heal after surgery? is it posible to get pregnant if the sperm is inside my butt? I can feel a bump or knot on my anal area. It hurts when I cough are sit a certain way. What could that be? I've a newly closed anal fistula. I can feel a bulge from the fluid; the pressure is very uncomfortable. Is it healing? small painful to touch lump next the penis side of my anus hole. only noticed yesterday Do I have pilonidal cyst? object stuck inside anal cavity object stuck in anal cavity everytime I masturbate 1/day I get a bump on my left butt cheek 2 inches from anus that grows in size if I don't stop why does my penis get smaller and go soft when i engage in anal play? having a mucus discharge anus, causing leakage, while whiping butt large amounts of mucus present small lump under the skin of perineum How risky is analingus "rimming" of your partner Pain around anus I have anal pain and sores. Any idea what it is? Can a tetanus shot be given a week after wound? can you get chlamydia just from switching from anal sex to vaginal sex?  is there any possibility of getting tetanus through the air ? either by breathing or coming in contact w/ an open wound boil like sore around the anus Is it possible to get pregnant from swallowing or anal sex? Fisting - safe alternative to Anal Sex? When I poop, I can feel a little bit of my anus pushing just a tiny bit out of the hole. It goes back in. Is this normal does spermicidal condoms highers my chances of preventing pregnancy if something leaked during anal sex? percentage? iam female 29..never done anal sex...now want to do it..how to do it..explain pls I have what looks to be blisters around my anus could it be herpes? I have a lil lumb over my anus? What is my risk of contracting HIV? I cut a skin tag off with scissors that had some rust on them... last tetanus shot was 2006... do I need another one?  I've stabbed myself in the foot with a belt prong, more details included, please help! I had anal sex, and when I finished, I bled for several minutes, but it slowed down/stopped. Is everything alright? What causes anal spasms that aren't painful? Lately going #2 is quite painful for me and I have a white lump at the opening of my anus. Will Stomach upset occur after anal sex to womens?? If it happens What it means?? Pls reply Does anal testing, test for hpv contracted from the penis during vaginal sex? my bowel movement my stool is so hard it hurts at a 10 pain level.there is blood right after not much but a little. Could the tetnus shot change te color of your urine During anal sex there are sharp objects in the rectum that poke my instrument what are they and why do they feel sharp? Can i get Pregnant with anal sex? I have a rash in my groin area. The bumps are not sores or blisters and are not puss filled. What is it? when I overexert myself during exercise or intercoarse I get this bad pain in my anal area along with my testicles how often can a man have anal sex with a dildo tingling anus? had anal sex with a girl tht take glucocorticoid which makes her unfertial i fear she still pregnant im i just worryin  What could this be? I ate finger food with a little bit of rust on my finger. Could tetanus be orally transmitted? I am a 42 year old women in Perimenopause. I have had very severe anal itching for 4 years. Could they be connected? Hello, I am an African Anerican Male, who had an unprotected sexual encounter about five months ago. Odds of HIV? There is a small hard bump in my anus near prostate, and isnt painful. What is it? Risk of STD's by recieving full body massage at a brothel? Can you have anal sex durring your 6 week recovery from a total hysterectomy via abdominal incision?  Can you have anal sex durring your 6 week recovery from a total hysterectomy via abdominal incision? Rash on penis, elbow, belly button, and anus I want to try out for anal sex for the first time. How do l best prepare for it physically and health wise? How long should I wait after anal fissure to have sex? Itchy around anus and while ejaculating it is painful and lot of discomfort is there. discomfort in stomach and limbs  I have a marble sized inflamed bump between my anus and vagina (to the right.) My anus feels swollen what do I do? Hi I am a 28 year old female. I have had a pea sized lump near anus have had as long as can remember. Painless unchanged I was curious about anal, used mothers sex toy, didnt clean it, at risk for STDS? Don't think it was used in a while. Was tetanus shot received in 2013 same as Tdap given in 2014? I found a white lump near the entry of my anus. I found a white lump near the entry of my anus. Hi, my anus has been really itchy lately and I took a photo of it and the area around the hole is white what could it be What causes "internal" scrotum and anal itch? What is this, and what to do? Cut behind anus, light blood, bleeds when BM, 1 - 2 weeks. Can you get an std like HIV/Aids or Genital Herpes from anal sex toys? I have 8 inch penis. Girls moan in pain, have gotten injured in sex.. i don't have a monster pornstar cock! HELP rectual bleeding sign of liver failure Anal sphincter and bladder always tight Jock itch returns soon after 2 week dosage of Terbinafine hcl 250mg.  I can't stool without passing a stream of water in my rectal opening.  I'm so confused and I dont know if It can result in pregnancy to have anal and a slight touch at my entrance by the cock 