What are the symptoms of generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)? Is your heart pounding for hours a sign of anxiety attacks? How can I tell if anxiety or stress is the reason for my insomnia? How can I know when my stress has crossed a threshold into full blown anxiety? Medication has helped my anxiety and depression. Why do I occasionally have anxiety symptoms, nausea and muscle aches? Could herbal teas be counteracting my Zoloft, allowing my anxiety symptoms to resurface?  Anxiety wakes me up and taking Xanax didn't help. How can I deal with this? How can I help my father understand that I can't "just stop worrying" because I have anxiety disorders? I've had anxiety, depression and insomnia for 10 years. Meds don't help me fall and stay asleep. What can I do? Could my period cause the feelings of depression and anxiety that I get at that time each month? I suffer from social anxiety and overanalyze situations that are out of my control. Can you offer some suggestions? I have had anxiety issues in the past, but now what can I do to stop my obsessive worrying about my health? I have had anxiety/depression for over 12 years. I've taken so many medicines. How can I find the right one for me? My primary doctor diagnosed me with anxiety disorder and prescribed Xanax and Zoloft. Why do I still have panic attacks? I am having a sudden sharp chest pain that feels like my heart is being stabbed with needles. Could anxiety cause that? Ive overcome everyday irrational fears after PTSD, but am scared to sleep. My doc recommends Elavil. Is it a good idea? My husband is on Xanax, Klonopin and Pristiq for anxiety and depression. He was also given Vicodin. Is this too much? Im a 29-yr-old female with ADHD, depression and anxiety. Willl my ADHD be affected by my planned IVF? I'm a 29-year-old female with ADHD, depression and anxiety and can't find the right medication/treatment plan for me. Al I have a fear of the dentist. What do you suggest I do to calm my anxiety?  I have anxiety and ADD. I'm taking Celexa and Trazadone and waiting for approval for Adderall. What else can I do?  I recently had an anxiety attack. The doctor prescribed medicine to use when I feel one coming. When will they go away? Years ago, I had severe anxiety, depression and couldn't leave my house. Its back, and I need medicine. Is this normal? I am unemployed and cant get insurance. I have social anxiety, GAD and depression. How can I get help I can't afford? My wife has been mixing alchohol, Celexa and xanax in the evenings to deal with stress and anxiety. Can anyone help me? My job is causing anxiety and depression. Our department may get shut down. I am on effexor and klonopin. What do I do? Can you have an all over headache after having a panic or anxiety attack? does heart burn cause increased heart rate? I got off of Trinessa recently and have been experiencing an assortment of side effects. how long will they last? heavy weight feeling on chest Waiting on results of UTI test (my only symptom is urethral pain, not when urinating). I'm feeling cold. Should I worry? i am on thyroixine 75mcg.sometimes I feel anxiety,joint and body pain extermely.within 4-5days symptoms reduces itself . abilify for anxiety and ADD? is my doctor f**king high? I don't have schiz, psychotic it doesnt help me at all I was born as a guy but dont feel right in my body, i feel like i should have been a girl. What should I do? HOw soon after you first start taking a medication do u have to wory about going into anaphylatic shock? answer in hours I've went to numerous doctors about my anxiety and panic disorders and nobody can help me. How can I deal with this? Spitting blood-tinged mucus CAN OVER EATING CAUSE ANXIETY ATTACKS i was wondering why i feel spaced out all the time, it feels like a drunk or high feeling? it is all day long Serious question about a nicotine overdose. Diagnosed with anxiety have stroke symptoms weakness onleft side leg and arm is this normal? Will a general practice MD help with my mental heath diagnosis? I have anxiety disorder but my insurance isn't great. my mother is 81 her blood pressure is ranging from 180 over 56 to 205 over 52 it's been over 10 days  I am on Citalopram. I am 21 years old. Recently I have been experiencing memory loss and in the evenings gaps in memory I'm 28 yrs old and my chest feels heavy, almost like muscle pain in the chest. Is it anxiety or something worse? How to increase concentration while suffering depression? What can I say to a friend while she is having an anxiety attack? Is it safe to take Hydroco 5/325 and .5mg xanax? Is there an antidepressant for sleep and anxiety that doesn't cause difficulty in breathing? I have severe asthma. What are the effects of lack of sex? My teen has anxiety which is controlled by medication but Dr wants to take him off the medication. why? Is this safe? what kind of doctor would you use to help a 12 year old that has anxiety problems to be diagnosed? can taking ogestrel and amoxicillin 500mg cause anxiety or mood swings? is it safe to take 2 50 mg of seroquel with 75 mg of zoloft? do anti psychotic pills work for anxiety My 18 month old son will act out around mom. Like throwing a tantrum. why does my penis seem smaller then usual and cannot get an errection Just started Zoloft. Doctor RXd Abilify 2mg for one month to deal with anxiety assoc. with starting SSRI. Is this safe? I recently starting taking cymbalta for anxiety and every time I stand my head throbs like when your sick. Is this okay? What are advantages/disadvatages in taking med marijuana  What is the difference between 2mg of alprazolam and 10mg diazepam (pill form)? I am full time college student want to lose some weight, been having anxiety attacks. Is it still okay to exercise? what do i do when my anxiety causes me mental and physical pain? whats the difference between anxiety and panic attacks bullied for years and eventually i knew what it was like to be alone in the world..... Have Bipolar disorder, maybe schizoaffective disorder. Had 9 dissociative episodes today. When should I go into an ER? i have a prescription for xanax for anxiety is it better to take as needed or on a daily basis? Is self-injury a medical emergency that i HAVE to tell someone about or is it not a big deal? (i am 15 years old) It feels like my heart is racing, but my pulse rate is normal, and I feel out of breath.What could this be? can having your tubes tied cause anxiety? My boyfriend has stress related anxiety attacks, how do i stop them? My medications aren't working for mood stability, but my doctor doesn't want to change anything. What should I do? I am feeling some anxeity again, and have some citalopram from 3 years ago when I used to take it, is it safe to take? I need help finding a specialist and support group in my area for fibromyalgia/ CFS. Any suggestions please? I suffer from anxiety. I am waiting to go to the doctor tomorrow to find out if I am pregnant. Should I take my meds? Obsessive thoughts and anxiety. Please help me? How can someone with severe anxiety seek much needed help with absolutely no money? Do you need to experience a panic attack in order to have anxiety? I have severe depression and anxiety and can't get to the doctor for a prescription it's so bad. Any options for this? whats the difference in depression, anxiety, and menopause? Can one have all three? Whats the treatment? i have extream anxity and panic. i cant control it and it's making me crazy. what can I do?  is it normal for a patient to have anxiety when having an uncurable severe illness? My daughter passed away 4 months ago I am having a lot of chest pain and anxiety. I my doctor says Im fine is this grief i am taking predisone can this cause me to have anxiety attacks Fever when no signs are obvious? 2.5 mgs of valium made me sleepless a year ago. Today I have a muscle spasm. Is it likely to make me sleepless again? Can anxiety probles cause severe muscle tension in the stomach, chest and shoulders even when you think you're relaxed? Is there some kind of medicine or tea or supplement i can take for an anxiety attack. before it happens I've been feeling someone is watching me, everyone is out to hurt me. What is going on with me? Will a drug screen tell the difference between xanax and klonopin?  What to do before,during,after fainting? how do i cure stress and anxiety My doctor said I was healthy. But then said I may have depression and anxiety but did nothing, what do I do? i had a blood transfusion in 2011 and since then my personality has been way different why?  I have been on Citalopram for 3 years for anxiety. It has been working up until a month ago. Is this normal? How do I stop Paxil and start Zoloft? I have been having anxiety attacks, trouble sleeping, weepyness, severe agitation, lack of motivation to do anything What is the defferance betweeb xanax and prozac? Garcinia cambogia is it safe to take if our on blood meds and anti anxiety meds Slight anal bleeding that has stopped? Anxiety? Can low carb diet cause anxiety? I need to take a urine drug test at CPS to see my grandaughter will St. Johns wort show up on that test as a drug? When I have an orgasm not much comes out. It started when I began taking imipramine for anxiety. Is this normal. having painful pulsing in my forearms. I smoke pot for it but want to quit. what causes this, what else helps? Hiv exposure or over worrying? My husband gets fevers a lot more often than me when he has a cold. Fever very rare for me. Why? If left untreated, can postpartum depression occur after 3 years? My mood goes from depressed to happy with episodes of anxiety. I feel like I am on a roller coaster is this normal? Should I seek immediate medical attention if I am having an anxiety attack due to new medication? What can help anxiety caused by going to the gynecologist? My doctor tried three antidepressants on me for anxiety. All give uncontrollable shaking for 2-3 hr before dose?  If I were to take Xanax 25 mg.prescribed to me Thursday night, would it be out of my system by sunday evening? Driver. Always have a lump in my throat Is it okay to smoke weed while on atenolol? Can excessive drinking affect ones ability to trust someone ? Causing anxiety and jumping to conclusions? what's common range of dosage for zoloft? i have OCD, anxiety, and some depression.  I'm 34 and my free testosterone in 16 but my sex drive is high. I've anxiety and anger problems. What should I do? Should people get "regular" CT scans (or some other head scan) to check for tumors in the brain (before its too late) Sharp right testicle pain, To scared to go to sleep and its 4am.. I need help with my anxiety  I don't feel "right". is this general anxiety? Does depression go away? Woke up in the middle of the night with my heart flip floping in circles. Afib or just palpitations? Can your arteries go from normal to clogged in 7 months? I was told I was fine and now I'm scared it has changed Im 32 yrs female, my doctor just told me that my HDL is low and my vitamin D is low as well Should medical marijuana be used to treat anxiety disorder can vitamin k inj cause state of anxiety Is there a safe and effective herbal alternative to using anxiety medication such as Zoloft? I am a generally healthy 27 year old who has had multiple normal ECG's.. Am I fine?  Weird heart problem possibly? (20/female) Is A2X for anxiety truly a safe and helpful alternative to pharmaceutical drugs? i even cannot lift a cup when i am in a social gathering like meeting or lunch what cold medication I can take with anxiety medications I experience extreme sadness and anxiety after my period. Is this normal? I am currently on the pill, Camrese I have a pill that I brought to work that I hope is an antianexiety pill. The only markings on it is 1G321 or IG321. is hypersomnia associated with chronic fatigue syndrome Horrible periods - anxiety, diarehha, nausea, and cramps. Please help! could i have depression or anxiety Can anxiety keep a man from being able to ejactulate or maintain an erection? does neurontin treat anxiety and depression When female is taking testosterone (inject) 2 bcom male, do the fluids shared by her female partner contain testosterone Is there a daily anxiety med similar to ativan? I do well with ativan as needed but have needed it more regularly lately I have to burp often, as I am speaking to a crowd. Public speaking is part of my job. How do I stop the gas? What would cause a 61 yr old male to all of a sudden be terrified to be alone? What is the typical adult dosage of Lamictal (Lamotrigine) for bipolar depression? Awake during Colonoscopy. Reason given was tolerance to my Nueropathy and Anxiety meds. Is this possible? Can stree anxiety depression cause diverticulitis? should i be taking more than lexapro? social anxiety how does xanax affect deep sleep Is my hatred of being touched brought on by a true phobia or is it teenage hormones/angst? Can panic attacks cause hallucinations?  I have a severe fear of heights,recently when I stand less than two feet off the ground, I have an anxiety attack Can a severe anxiety/ panic attack affect your speech for a short period of time. When I talk my speech is off.  I have anxiety/depression. I am coming off paxil going on zoloft experiencing severe shock like dizziness. Does high blood sugar affect your anxiety? why is my anti-depressant/anxiety medication not working when I am on my period? how do my hormones affect the drug? Is it okay to take Lexapro every other day to control weight gain? whats shots, if any at all, and what medication is given at er to a patient in distress from anxiety and panic attack ? I've been diagnosed with depression and anxiety and I have panic attacks and muscle spasms. What's going on? What to expect? What should we do? Is it safe to take xanax after it has expired? Can anxiety attack be confused with heart attack? Does it matter what time of day you take Vit, D suppliments or any suppliments for that matter ?  how long can panic and anxiety attacks last if not medicated Is this normal? My husband is prescribed Xanax for anxiety but it doesn't seem to calm him. It makes him very mean, is this normal?  What is the after affects of the medicine clonazepam ? Does it help you with anxiety and being nervous ? For the past few days, I have been experiencing dizziness and slight pressure in my head, is it anxiety related? I was wondering how accurate an HIV blood test at 7 weeks would be? Mine came back negative; my Doctor said not to worry Is Xanax safe to take for anxiety while on methadone After shower. Itchy skin leads to anxiety and panic. Usually fear of contact of sight of dirt and food crumbs and stains Can I go on disability if I have been diagnosed with major depression, fibromyalgia, Thalassemia, IBS, Chronic Fatigue?  Had sex 1x each day for week. Got period day after this week. Could I be pregnant? I sometimes feel breathless when sleeping on my side, but I don't know if it's a health problem or just stress. My post-surgical fear is so bad that it can cause me to spike a fever which has canceled surgery in 2009. How to avoid? Should I go back to therapy? can worry about hiv cause anxiety disorder ? if my job can cause anxiety and stress can stress and anxiety cause ibs. Recently had colonscopy and endoscopy everything fine.  I have anxiety, i was put on welbutrin. Last night was so bad felt I was suffocating I couldn't get enough air, normal? when I lay flat on my back I get a a swimmy feeling like I am on the down side of a roller coaster Adderall causing symptoms or Anxiety? Can Testosterone injections cause anxiety My body has been numb for two days should I go to the hospital???? How would I know if I ruptured my bowel resection? Not depressed-anxious more now, But Now my problem is Lack of motivation, confidence etc? Xanax: Side effects and usage question? bottom line..could this be heart related or just in my head?? right testicle is a lot bigger than my left for about 2 years Can I take a Valium before oral surgery prolonged neck stiffness after accident Tired and increased anxiety. Could it be just starting the pill? I am having ED, wherein i get erection before intercourse, but midway its gone. I am 37, taking tablets for BP and heart is it safe to start taking medication for depression and anxiety?  Birth control period Am I having heart problems or is it just anxiety? How can I slow my pulse for a few hours? No breathing techniques or meditation please. Can anxiety cause schizophrenia? can stress and anxiety cause vertigo weight loss and anxity For a while know I have always had either constipation or diarrhea and in pain - I also suffer anxiety and panic attacks Currently taking 75mg of Paxil for anxiety. Noticing it is not working as well as before. What should I add to it? What's wrong with me? I have symptoms of paranoid, maladptive daydreaming, anxiety disorder I was prescribed Paxil and Buspar yesterday, took one of each, not a good combination? Feeling worse!  