Could bedbugs be causing the little bites on my arms in the morning?  I was bitten by a spider on the inside of my forearm and now it is very swollen, red and painful. Will Benadryl help? I have two spider bites on my arm, possibly from a brown recluse. I have no health insurance. What should I do?  I get bumpy skin on the back of my arms. I have tried microdermabrasion scrubs, but they don't wok. What can I do? If I shave my face or lower arms, will the hair grow back in darker or coarser? I am a fair skin Afro-American male, and I have hyperpigmentation on my neck and arms. What can be the cause of this? Can sinusitis or allergies cause a swollen lymph node under my arm? I have itchy bumps on my forearms and hands that look like poison ivy, but they don't ooze. What could it could be? Is an MRI recommended if the pain from my pulled forearm muscle is gone, but the area is still enlarged? I have severe arm pain when I wake up in the mornings from my landscaping job. What can I do to help with this pain? I have been experiencing hand and lower arm tremors. Is the herbal treatment Limbarax safe, and will it help? I have thin skin on my forearms. Could it be hereditary and because of tanning as a teen? Two days after my flu shot, my arm started aching. Six weeks later, and my arm still hurts. Should I call my doctor? My flu shot last week was terribly painful, and now I can barely lift my arm. What is happening? Since taking Plavix, I have an itchy rash developing on my chest, arms, and back. Is this normal?  My wrinkles are deep in the folds of my arms, and my arms have a crinkly appearance. What is the best thing to do? I am pregnant. I have a mole under my arm that was flat, but then turned into a little red ball. Should I be concerned? My baby is 9 days old. When he sleeps his arms and legs twitch in even timing, from 5 to 20 minutes. Is this normal? The nurse blew my vein,when getting my INR checke.It hurts,hot,swelling,n red.I take blood thinners,should I be worried I have a rash of very itchy tiny red bumps all over my legs, forearms and sides of my torso. Looks like eczema, Cure? I have a dry scaly looking rash on my arms, neck and mid back. It is really itchy.  A rash is appearing all over my body. started upper arms, then back, now penis Concerned because I had unprotected sex why does my skin itch when i sweat? i have a sharp constant pain in my upper left chest area, it feels like a pulled muscle, can i pull a muscle in my lung? i have a servere itchy, burning place on my uppper arm. creams do not work at all I got a tattoo on my forearm and a hard lump formed under my skin.It was painful but not any longer.What is it? Rash started at base of toes and is now on thigh and some random spots on arms. Could this be chickenpox? I woke up with back pain and left arm pain, pain is mild now but arm still feels weird, should I see the doctor? I woke up with back and shoulder pain that spread to my arm, only my arm feels strange now, should I see a doctor? Sharp Back, Neck and Arm pain on the left side My son has 7 small flesh colored non irritating bumps on his stomach and they have recently started spreading. Can Fibromialgia mimik heart trouble? My friend has red bumps all over her chest and now it has spread to her arms and face What are the lasting effects of upper back spasms/seized muscles? Right arm and upper back still feel tight after months For about 3 months 81-year-old father gets a rash on his body every evening. Goes away and then comes back next evening. Had a mole removed an now its red an very itchy Painful and Visible hard string like chord that extends from my armpit down my inner arm past elbow. skin problem. On arms and legs.Look infected, warm or burning feeling sometimes,hurt, itch and feel and look acticve skin problem. On arms and legs.Look infected, warm or burning feeling sometimes,hurt, itch and feel and look acticve I have numerous sections of red fungus like splotches all over my body, how do i find out what it is? Right shoulder hurts, arm feels like it's falling asleep, what is this and who should i go see? I think I may have fractured my upper arm. dizziness, nausea, bright red blood when I bm 5+ years on simvastatin 20mg. 12 mo. ago muscle pain upper arms, recently swithched to atorvastatin 20mg, will it help? I have itchy red bumps around my pubic area. This morning it's spread onto my arms. Could this be from chlamydia? brownish red spots appearing on my arms and legs, why? why is my husband's Blood Pressure higher in the left arm than in the right arm? Is this normal? is it normal to get different blood pressure readings from the left and right arm? How can I rehab a pinched nerve? 4 1/2 months ago I crashed my mountain bike on the trails. I feel good but i still get oreness and frontal shoulder pain hand and forearm cramps.started last evening.what to do? blood pressure left arm 159/94 right arm 130/74 why the big difference can freckles dry up and itch? AM 50 FEMALE MY LEFT ARM IS BECOMING NUMB AND FALLS ASLEEP I AM ALWAYS TIRED HAVE NO STRENGTH BLOOD PRESSURE IS 90/60 can i take benadryl with zyrtec My wrist hurts when weight is put on it after a car accident, what could be wrong? Big bumps on my arms. Have a fever in them and are itchy and they burn. treatment for dark pigmented spots How effective is laser hair removal at treating keratosis pilarus (especially on arms)? It is possible for a pinched nerve in the shoulder to have symptoms similar to a heart attack? Cause of Elbow Pain? i have had chest pains for 4 months, for last 2 weeks pain in top of left arm Is it anything to worry about if i got ache left arm. Don't want to waste anybody time.Dizzy and chest pain, What is this big bump on my arm that keeps getting more and more puss? What could it mean if a biopsy from a lesion that has been removed from the arm comes back abnormal? Can a fall cause Ulnar Nerve pain from the shoulder to the hand? At night, I sleep on my sides. When I lay on my right side for very long, my outer ear will fall asleep. What can i do. I have a skin rash that looks like ringworm but isn't. Its red and very itchy and spreading everywhere. What can i do? What is red raised bump on my arm, looks infected, is very hard all over, has a hard core in the center which sticks up  Will a fluid diet of 1-2weeks help eczema? Can stomach pain with diabetes get so bad to send you to the ER? PLEASE READ AND REPlY ASAP (my mom is vomiting after meal everyday) Diagnosed with anxiety have stroke symptoms weakness onleft side leg and arm is this normal? chest neck arm pain began 2or3 years ago aft heavy work . lasting 30 mins. now any activity even showerlasts 8hrsor more I treid to get blood drawn and nothing came out from my arm so they tried my hand and still nothing whats wrong? Took a punch to my lower right chest. No external bruising, but still painful over a week later. For why?! :-( Is a 31 year old woman too young to be experiencing chests pains/angina? I have been having severe arm numbing of both arms while sleeping. Keeping me restless all night.What could be the Cause What should I do about hyperhydrosis, Im 14, and sweat through every shirt i wear? My daughter almost 4 has clusters of little 'blisters' non-itchy and on chest, back buttocks, arms legs. 2months now. I have severe pain in my right arm, started with elbow, keeping me awake at night, could it just be tennis elbow? During work out or a hot a summer day temporary red vesicles appears on my skin and they itches until disappears. Why? My husband has 3 lumps under his skin...armpit, arm and lower back...all are about 1 inch in diameter...what is this? I'm having severe constant stabbing pain in the top of my left shoulder. Hurts when I breathe. What's going on?  My 7 year old son has spots on both of his upper arms that look like pimples with little white heads. What is this? deodarant gives me a burning rash under my arms, what can I use for it or as a replacement for deodarant? Tinea Versicolor I have had excrutiating pain in my upper right arm for over six months.Xrays and CT show nothing.What could it be? What is small vein disease? I have developed a patch of red inchy bumbs on my right ab area. This moring the same bumps on my rt forearm. help  Chronic overall debilit. pain. No answers. 59Yo, diabetic, peripheral artery disease, Go to pain mgmt specialist. I have hallucinations of cuts on my arm and i can actually feel the physical pain of the cuts on my arm. Burn to inside of forearm 4 days ago from hot curling iron. Been treating with Silver Sulfadiazine. Still oozing-wet. why can i not extend my arms straight what labs can detect brown recluse venom after 7 years after bite? Why is the skin on my arms wrinkly and loose? Don't I not drink enough water? I am 52 years old. Had a pin inserted into by broken arm in 1974. Could it cause pain and weakness after all those years? 92 year female. Scratching, wringing hands, rubbing legs and arms, crying sounds without tears. Emotional no sleep I have a herniated disc at C5/C6 I have horrible pain associated with weakness, and tingling in arms? what do I do? I ache all the time mostly my neck shoulders arms and hands and tired all the time.Bloodwork came back good sharp pain in my rotator cuff what does that mean? Can you get a sore shoulder after not using that arm for two months? Could I still have Lyme Disease? What is this small, round, solid, slightly red bump between upper arm and breast that's not moveable? Hit in an arm repaired with plates from fractures 10 years ago. It doesn't hurt but aches with weight. Plate damaged? What causes my left arm to feel like there is a electical current going through it on occasion I have severe pain in the back of my neck and shoulders. Could this be a pinched nerve? What else could it be? do you add a degree whentaking tempture under arm? Is toe twitching, numbness in hand, and weak arms a sign of MS? I hit my right hand on a metal fixturea few days ago, now im having a hard time opening and closing my hand. Can back injury make my muscles sore? My son has an under arm temp of 102.3 at what temp do I need to rush him to the hospital? Should I see a doctor for pain from top of shoulder down arm with numbness in fingers from a fall. been experiencing severe itching all over body Does bursitis in the elbow cause the arm, hand, and fingers to swell?  I have a lump on my chest, lots of pain, and I'm tired all the time. I have a family history of cancer, should I worry? my mother has been told to quit taking nsaids, specifically alieve and advil. Can she take buffered aspirin for pain? What are these bumbs on my arm? what makes ur veins look more visible  numbness on left side of face, neck, arm.  what are complex migrains I have a "bump" swelled slightly in arm-pit area. It's sore, redish and I can pinch it with a couple fingers or so.  What causes the head and arms to jerk constantly,even in sleep,which produces pain? my granddaughter has to have a gluton free diet what can i feed her? Can the rash from shingles be on two legs? Right leg has few scabs but MANY more on left leg.Is doctor visit necessary? Are pimple like bumps around an area of eczema common in a bad flare up? What would cause your skin all over to be red and burn. It feels like it's on fire. Can a skin rash or infection last for months? I burned my arm several days ago. The top layer of skin came off when I showered. What should I put on it? i had a flu shot in october and still have shoulder and arm pain.what is wrong?  are spams in ligaments a symptom of fibromyalgia My Husband has numbness,swelling and pain in his right hand when he is sleeping I felt a painful pop in my shoulder when I pulled my toolbag . Now I can hardly lift my arm and my bicep feels pain. why does my arm feel ice cold and wet but is warm to the touch Woke up with pain in my right chest and a painful, sometimes numb right arm. My right hand is also colder. Any ideas? experiencing numbness of left hand with swelling and tingling for long periods I have pain up and down my left arm. It hurts so bad that I have trouble sleeping. Im having pain in my chest, throat, neck and sometimes below my ears. It radiates from place to place. Any suggestions? i have severe pain in the muscle of my arm. my arm is weak and hurts when i bend or stretch it. what's the cause? I am a diabetic and have a painful infected cyst under my left arm that is seeping with a distinct odor what do I do?  I have pain in my shoulder joint.Most when my arm is fully extended. No injury to note. what would cause this?  Why has nearly all my under arm hair disappeared in the last couple years? Should I contact my cardiologist for more tests. I have numbness in my first three fingers that runs up my left arm/shlder.to the neck.What should I do ?I need to know.. Had pneumonia on Jan 1, doctor gave 5 days of medicine. 95% gone, however when I cough, I get a pain in my upr Left arm There is pain in my hand and underarm, numbness in my thumb and finger and reduced circulation in same hand. Please help why am I always dropping things pain is almost unbarable arms hurt so bad , but realy deep ache I have been tested for lymes but fear I still have it ? After blood was drawn from arm last week, I now have a pea sized lump in my arm that radiates pain when touched? Help When an IV comes out of the vein but stays in the arm can the fluids go into the lungs and around the heart? My one year old baby girl has a nasty bump on her arm My whole body aches for a couple of weeks, no fever, hands/fingers joints ache,not sick though i've had diarrhea for a few months now my skin breaks out bad and i havent had a period in over 40 days and i have cramp I have a skin rash in the gluteal cleft for about a month now, treated it with Jock itch ointment. Won't go away. Itchy! what tests are done to test the heart and lungs for excessive sweating Donated blood 2 weeks ago. Have large horitzontal bruising, has gotten larger. Green to blue bruising up to the biceps.  My sis-in-law has a bone spur grown into a shoulder muscle which is paralyzing her arm.  Pain in upper right arm which limits motion. Painful to move arm above my head. For shoulder pain radiating down arm is heat or cold better? am I pregnant? am I pregnant? I am a 63 y old male. I have some cervical arthritis. My left arm is considerably weaker than my right. R they related. Left Shoulder made a small pop/ grind when lifting weights what causes hair lose on your head eyebrows eyelashes arms? Why I feel anxious when I am doing homework or while in class? Why I feel anxious when I am doing homework or while in class? I have arm and shoulder pain, also tingling. I have loss strengh and loss of motoin in left arm. what could this be? does shoulder bursitis pain go down the arm? My hands tingle, and lately they have been falling asleep while I sleep? We have a 6wk old lab that we found out has hookworms. I have two small kids can they catch canine hookworms? Symptoms I have pain in my throat, like lymph node pain, but CT w/contrast ruled out lymph node. Spreads to face,arm,chest,back. I have been spotting for 4wks w/abnormal clots (fiberous looking) and lower abdomen pain. What could be wrong? constant muscle twitching for over a week why? Sister prescribed Ritalin for ADHD, with the intent of using it for recreational purposes-she's over 18. What can I do? can a child have strep throat with no sorethroat or fever. he has welts on his back and arms and face. I injured my wrist yesterday and while it is in a splint, my wrist still hurts and I have a shooting pain up my arm.  If a person had a tight elastic band tied around their arm could the blood below the restriction start to clot Had my Cubital tunnel operation 5 month ago. my elbow is still numb and the incision area is itchy and purple my right hand went limp i cannt straighten my fingers out they are curled up Would the arm of a 1yr old swell immedietely if it were broken? ihave pin like holes in left breast and a lump under my left arm just recently when I ate fish within a few hours I had very strong vomiting and diarrhea, my arms and legs were tinglely 3-5 months, hot poker stabbing through chest and out shoulder pain, deep breath worsens/spreads, 10-15 mins then gone. don't think this is the correct spelling for this but it sounds like plancus likcus I have lost about 60 pounds and my skin seems loose. I've been walking and swimming. What can I do? I have artritis in the spine. I have been in severe pain at night in my knees and elbows. I cant lift my arm past chest. My son is seven years old. A month and a half ago he started blinking excessively. Over time it has just worsened. Left shoulder injury, Painful when rotated, raised and lowered, basically used. What is it likily ro be? can poison ivy rash return same place after 2 months? why do my arms fall asleep what brings on a panic attack Have hard growing lump in upper arm, between bicep and shoulder, hard and only hurts if pressed on, what is it? Is bruising on diff locations ie: legs,arms now chest cause for concern? I do not take blood thinners didn't bump area. Mysterious Numbness  When should I be concerned about a strange bruise? Should I seek medical attention for a mole that became a open sore and then began bleeding on its own? Physical therapy exercises for a rotator cuff injury something that bit me. it's in a circle my upper layer of skin is off some redness in the centre of the circle. What causes pain when you lower your arm after raising it? If I had the chickenpox shot, is there a spot ot raised mark on the arm that I can tell that had the chickenpox shot. I recieved a teanus shot in my left shoulder 30 days ago and it still makes my whole arm numb. Did they hit a nerve? i need to know whats wrong with my friend, please help. My 2yr old has hard white/skin colored bumps on his chest arm leg groin area  is sulpher in doxycycline or prednisone? Wierd red line on arm I recently began taking loratadine . I have noticed muscular cramping in my forearms and calves. Any conection? Can carpal tunnel lead to swelling of the forearms? I popped my shoulder then somehow popped it back in, but now I feel pain whenever I lift my shoulder straight up. my 5 year old broke her arm saturday night and i'm flying from NY to the Bahamas tomorrow. can she fly with a cast on? If i scratch my genital herpes area,can i spread it to anybody if i dont wash my hands after scratching??? can head lice live on your body and clothing My hand, arm and gland under my arm are swollen after fire ant bites. Should I see a doctor or treat at home? My wife is getting pain and pressure in her chest which moves to her jaw and down her right arm. Is it Asthma? I fell onto my backside days ago, and my chest has been hurting when I turn my head/move my arms. Should I see a doctor? Had pox in my 30's, now 43 and have something similar.Not localized in one patch. Can shingles be more spread out? I have an addict friend that refuses to go to er for fear of being reported. She plugged Opana er and her arm hurts,help I sat down and became dizzy and slightly light headed. My right arm and hand became numb and had difficulty thinking. Do stitches need to stay in longer if a cut gets infected? how do you know a purple spot is cancer?  I;m 50 and have never been over weight but now I need an excercise to stop the upper arm jiggle HELP1 I have a perfectly round perfect circle bruise on my arm, size of a nickel, sont know what could have caused it What are some arm exercises for muscle strain. hurt my left ear and have no moeny for doc vist what can i do to hlep it heal up Sometimes both of my arms will go numb and tingly bellow the elbow and the muscles in my hands lock up painfully.  I have skin redness/scratchlike rashes around my shoulder and arm area, not from scratching, but it looks just like it.  why does the least amt of pressure cause my forearms and lower legs to get blood pooling under the skin/ skin tears The skin on my upper arms is red like sunburn but it is permanent. I have weakness and tingling and a feeling of lazyness in my right side (arm, leg, face) how to treat a peeling sunburn I have itchy bumps on skin and itchy eyes in the summer. What could this be? can you wrap poison ivy in gauze so not to spread If my perideum is ripped will it burn to pee? what is causing my babies face, arms, legs and feet to turn purple? A friend contracted ringworm and I touched his skin but not the infected area. What are the chances of contracting it? can my Trigeminal Neuralgia pain radiate down my arm to the tip of my thumb? i broke out in rash from deoderant what can i do both my niece and daughter are having a seizure like episode where there hands and feet curl. elevated temperature with myasthenia gravis What could be causing an almost hivelike rash to appear on my daughter's skin when she comes in contact with cold liquid what type of insect or spider bite would cause bruising HOw can I speed the healing of a bruise on my inner forarm? My childs temperature always runs higher (99.8 or higher @ all times of the day) with a temporal scanner thermometer  i have had many tests but unless cobalt poisoning is answer cannot figure out the painful tingling in all fingers. I have some swelling in my left arm. Will I get a valid blood pressure result if they use my left arm? I burned my arm with steam. It didn't hurt until now witch is two days later. What else besides aloe should I be using can fluid retention cause high blood pressue my face, chest, back, arm and legs (sometimes) turn red or patches of red when i drink "sometimes". Should I seek immediate medical attention if I am having an anxiety attack due to new medication? I have sharp pain in my right shoulder blade through the lower part of my my underarm rib cage. What could be the cause? how is shingles contagious My husband has an itchy red scab on the top of his head that won't heal. Any ideas? what is causing pain in upper arm/armpit/chestarea near arm with increase in pain when laying down. I have a concussion, slept and when I woke up my upper body/arms jerked? Why does my sweat have a musky ammonia scent? will desonide work on a yeast infection on the skin Broken Arm Recent fall. Forearm sore - extremely painful to the touch in specific area. Thougths? what foods to avoid with exema? If you are dizzy and left arm hurts is this a sign of a stroke or heart attack?? i have tingling and weakness in my fingers and arm is this nerve damage its from a blood test. what fixes nerve damage can shingles rash spread? Is it normal to have trouble while walking straight? Sometimes I feel like I am being pulled to the right Should I be worried if I have symptoms of a TIA occuring 5-10 times a month? Forearm and wrist hurts and occasionally numb finger... Could my arm be broke?  can a broken bone or a muscle tear cause a fever? For the past five months, I have had multiple bruises appearing on my body yet there has been no physical trauma. I have sores breaking out all over my body. What could this be? I am16female. I Have acne all over my back,chest ,arms, neck and face.how to get rid of it.?? Will my cherry angiomas ever go away on their own? is dry skin common during pregnancy? BAD neck/shoulder/arm pain two months. EMG neg. Travels neck-shoulder-arm-fingers - right ear too. His. schwannoma.HELP! Whenever I put my head back I get a tingling down my left arm all the way to my fingers and thumb? Can Coumadin cause Peripheral Neuropathy? Puffy dried out black lump, is it melanoma?? I was stung by either hornet or other type of stinging insect. My forearm is very swollen and hot. Help lump in armit and top of breast Pain in right palm radiating down arm to approximately 3/4 to elbow. Can taking an antibiotic cause soreness in both upper arms. Did I have a seizure?  what causes lower back pain when I lift arms or bend my neck forward clothing to wear when arm in sling Recently i have developed pain near my collar bone area on my right can you get breast cancer twice in the same breast after masectomy?  What causes swelling of hands and lips. This shows up randomly and gets worse over days. Spreads up arm with heat my daughter has psoriasis in her arm pits wht can she use to help w. the problem. she itches herself raw . does heat rash and chicken pox look the same I cut myself shaving can I get necrotizing fasciitis? Please help, sacred Got a shot over a year ago but still itches. Now purple? pain-ring finger to the middle of arm,before elbow for 45 days.started after I held on to stop falling.worse on lifting what could cause sharp pain in my right rib cage when i take a breath or move? What happens when you get electrocuted? I have strange little bumps on my arm and chest, the chest itches and there are tiny bumps with yellow in them? Help? Will I need surgery. I am experiencing electrical shocks in both my arms and legs at the same time. It's been 4 weeks now that I broke my wrist, I am in a cast. Is it normal that I am still having so much pain? Rotator Cuff Injury I believe that is what I have can an 18 year old girl have a heart attack Fort the last two month I have been devloping bumps on my arms almost look like a insect bite then the itch and hurt  Weird rash over body What happens if the pus from an abscess reaches the bloodstream? ACCIDENTAL NICOTINE ABSORPTION THROUGH THE SKIN I have darkened my face, arms, and legs after years of sports, without sun protection. How do I/could I bleach my skin? Pulmonary Embolism or Panic attack? I have had tingling on my left fingers for about 2 months did stress test back in Sept results normal. What can it be? what can cause numbness to the tip of the palmer side of the left thumb with burning down anterior aspect of arm Extreme muscle fatigue, feeling of muscle strains without exertion balance issues, can go from normal to bad in 24 hours I have had discomfort with mild pain in lower right abdomin for about 3 weeks. I can feel the spot when pressed on.  I'm a 21 year old male and have been experiencing chest pain for over a week. What might be the cause? My 12 y/o daughter has pain in her left arm. What kind of a doctor should we see? Orthopaedist or otherwise?! Chlamydia testing procedure I have had the flu for a few days and now have developed a rash on my fore arms and hands and my knees and inner thighs. My two year old has HMFS. What can I put on the sores to help with pain? She's not sleeping. I am not feeling chest workouts in my chest. My chest is not building up like the rest of my body. How can I fix this? What would cause upper arm pain, popping and weakness for almost a year? IM having a lot of issues latley and im not sure if its serious or if its stress related. is there something wrong? What are some useful tools for strengthening the muscles in the forearm and hands? Using ice cutter to cut though 7" thick ice. I slammed I cutter on the ground and now my hand have no feeling in it. Can powder with cornstarch like Gold Bond Baby Powder help with a 3 year olds heat rash under her arms? Should you apply heat or ice to a shoulder ligament strain?  Had iud removed from arm now were stitches are swelling nasty smelling stuff comes out and a lot of pain and bruising 1 month ago pain started in left forearm, traveled to my wrist and my index fingertip is numb. all 3 hurt and go numb What is a superior labral tear? Red spots on body The doctor said i had calcium in my lungs and did not provide any tests or anything,why? Red dots and splotches are all over my hands, knuckles, fingers and arms. Help please? Photos included. HAD ROTATOR SURGERY IN JANUARY AND MY ARM STILL HURTS WHAT SHOULD I DO? Hi, I hyperextended my right arm about a month ago and it is still painful. i wake up in the middle of the nite in pain. Any way to reduce the effects of my hyperhydrosis? My sister, a smoker is having pinching pain in the right armpit that moves from spot to spot on the underside of her arm What doctor should I see or what do you thinks wrong? So I have this hard lump in my breast and I'm not sure what it could be? Possible Setback After Rotator Cuff Surgery continued chest pain but normal lab results is it my heart extreme forearm pain, cannot close hand, numbness in fingers burning in fingers If elderly person falls and is on Warfarin with some bruising on buttocks and elbows should we have her checked rash,,itchy, red,scalely,discomfort scrotem Red/pink dots and splotches on skin. Mostly hands, knuckles, fingers and arms. Photos included what is the best deodorant for people who sweat i had surgery on my arm about 6 years ago for tennis elbow recovery was painful now 6 years later the pain has come back Why does a scar turn dark purple? How do I change it back? Any way to reduce the effects of Hyperhydrosis? Any way to reduce the effects of Hyperhydrosis? (I've tried Drysol, and other clinical antiperspirants) my hands and arms go numb often on both sides. I even awake with it and it hurts. Im only 33 what could cause this I have tennis elbow in right arm, is a symptom that my right hand is cold? can shingles cause lymph nodes to become enlarged Will Valtrex help with the rash that I broke out with after my son was diagnosed with mononucleosis? If not, what will? I have a rash on both of my upper arms Why do I bruise so easily? What can I do about it? Pain, pain go away. My heart no longer wants to play.... slight fatigue, pain in arms and back, and heart pain/throbbing found a hard long lump on the top of breast going toward the arm pit. what can this be? 18 year old boy thin side armpit sweating excessively even though uses antiperpiant. Should he see a MD Is cortisone helpful for sciatica pain? Why am I always hot/perspiring? Why does my skin burn when I sweat? why do children bite their own arms? What are these spots on my skin? No blood produced during test why does it feel like little bugs land on me but are not? Sudden pain in both upper arms. Did'nt lift anything, did no excercises, just came on suddenly. Right arm worse. Woman's sex drive manopures Pain starts in neck then burns shoulder and down arms please help what can i do to reduce the pain  I am expiriencing a tingly hot sensation in my middle upper back.Could this be lung cancer?I hurt my arm with weights. is headache a sign or symptom related to contrast dye What is the treatment of choice for car accident whiplash with symptoms or arm or leg pain Pain in left breast and left arm how to take these stitchs out of right forearm Could I play baseball with a Shoulder Stress Fracture? My boyfriend has a rash on his arm the next morning I woke up with the same rash on my stomach and its spreading further pain in lower neck, radiating into shoulder and down the arm, and numbness in the thumb. what might cause this to occur? I fractured a couple of ribs about three weeks ago and have develped numbness in the arm and hand on side of fracture.  My skin has been itchy and i have a rash on my arms and legs whenever i scartch it , it turns into a big bump syphillis My right hand swells and pain shoots to my elbow when I turn my right arm a certain way. Rotator Cuff Injury? I am taking batrim for cellulitis on my forearm. I noticed swelling under my armpit, same side, should I be concerned? what would happen is pneumona vac was injection into your arm, when it should have been a ppd test? Red itchy bumps keep appearing on my arms and around feet Can restless leg symptoms also affect my arms? is a thin red line moving up your arm from site of swollen, itchey spider bite,a sign of blood poisioning? Can yeast infection cause skin cancer? tingly and painful feeling in right hand  I fell on my elbow is it broke or bruised  swelling down from IV filtreated into arm female.discharged from hospital yesterday.diabetes,pacemaker and dementia. My boyfriend has a rash on his arm that is spreading that is itchy and burning? What could it be? sudden sharp pain on top of my elbow and also in my forearm muscle on opposite arm lasting about 1 minute or longer I have been getting tiny bite-like scabs on my arms and legs for a few weeks. Found no signs of bed bugs on bed. Constipation for 30 days. Bruising all overs legs and arms. Lost 35 pounds, unintentional. Nosebleeds daily. How to treat a torn tenden my husband felland he is alright but has a nasty bruise on his forearm do we put heat or cold on it? I have sharp pain in my left breast. it began with pain under my armpits and then my breast. why is my arm very stiff to bend 6 mos after tennis elbow surgery? is that muscle or tendon issues? can cats cause psoriasis My mum is experiencing carpal tunnel syndrome. Her fingers are numb almost everyday. Is surgery the only option? Adult male is a sharp headache sign of early pregnancy? Dark spots on inside of arm opposite the elbow. What is it? why do I sometimes sleep with my arm extended in the air? Healthy 71 yr old male - skin on both arms bleeds easily. what is soft tissue lesion in regards to an injury I've been a heavy drinker most of my life I'm experiencing tingly hands, painful bumps on fingers and tenderness in arms I have these small white specks, slightly smaller than dandruff in my arm hair what are they? have pain in shoulder when I move my arm  my 8 yr old daughter hit her chin on her chest during gymnastics saturday.  Under my arms, on my legs, and in my pubic hair, I have multiple hairs in one pore/hair follicle. How can I cure this? Underarm rash during menstrual cycle pricked by nail, slight swelling and bruising, arm aches. any ideas? does tamoxifen cause shingles I have noticed a rash under my arm it is not responding to hydrocortisone cream like it has in the past what should i do i have have a small lump on my arm pit, could it be cancerous??? What causes a creeping flesh sensation,especially on face and scalp? How can I help my baby outgrow what seems to be allergic reaction to chicken? I went to the ER last night with chest pain going into my right arm. can I get carpal tunnel syndrome after a cast came off from a broken arm? My grandma got Polio at age 5, now at 60 her arm muscles are dead and she has no use of her arms, can she get them back? Can shingles cause beign essential tremors? What is causing my father , 61 yrs old, approx. 200 lbs, type 2 diabetes, on medications, to be having severe cramping? I just got the flu shot yesterday and my arm feels heavy fuzzy and sore,especially in shoulder joint. Is this normal? bruises, My bruising is getting worse. Has anybody heard of a procedure in which the hand is insterted into the abdominal area to promote healing? After I donated blood this last time, my fingers cramped and did what I term posturing. Wondering what causes that? what is in or surrounds the breast and wraps around the side that could be hurt by slamming into a door very hard Is it normal for pores (that contain the hair follicle) to still be as large after hair-removal on say hands or arms? Did I re-break my arm? I banged my arm and think it's fractured. It immediately swelled up and now is generating heat. Is a temp normal? 