What should I do if my baby was born with teeth? What are symptoms of teething in a baby? If a mother gains too much weight during pregnancy, does that result in a bigger baby? How long should it take to lose baby weight after pregnancy? What is the best diet plan for losing baby weight if you are breastfeeding? What is the best diet plan for losing the baby weight if you are not breastfeeding? When should my baby start sleeping through the night? How much nap time does my baby need? Should I wake my baby for feedings? Should I keep my baby on a strict sleeping schedule? How can I get my baby to start sleeping through the night? Should I let my baby cry himself to sleep? Is bringing my baby to bed with me -- co-sleeping -- safe? Whats the safest way to put my baby to bed? What should I do when my baby starts teething and cries a lot? When should I let my baby "cry it out"? What do I do if my baby cries so hard he seems to stop breathing? What are a few common mistakes parents make in dealing with a colicky or fussy baby? When bottle-feeding, should my baby be upright or lying down? What if my baby doesn't burp? Will my baby's feeding schedule change when on a baby bottle? Is a baby more likely to be colicky with a baby bottle? How much should I feed my baby at each bottle feeding? When should I introduce my baby to solid foods? Why does my baby have boobs? Can a day-care toddler touch the baby? What cold medicines can I give the baby? Is a cool mist or warm steam better for a baby with a cold? Can swaddling a baby help during a nap? What medications and first-aid items do I need to have on hand before my baby comes? What age can you start giving Infant Tylenol to your baby? Are there any over-the-counter meds to help my really gassy baby who doesn't burp well? What are the best solutions for my baby's teething pain? Is it safe to use a vaporizer in my baby's room to help him sleep when he has a stuffy nose? What can you give a 1-month-old baby that has a small cold and runny nose? Is there a safe dosage of Benadryl I can give my 5-month-old baby who is battling a very congested nose? I've had back pain for the past two months and have been taking 1/2-1 Vicodin for my pain. Will that harm my baby? I am nursing my baby. Can I take an over-the-counter allergy med like Claritin? I had a baby a few months ago and I am not comfortable using sunscreen on my baby. Are sunscreen safe on young babies? What is the best thing you can do for a babys skin? Should I or should I not circumcise my little baby boy? Is it safe to have another baby after I delivered three by C-section? When should I wean my baby off his binkie? I recently found out Im pregnant. They said that I'm 9 weeks and 4 days. How can I find out when I conceived? How soon after a baby is born can you take him on an airplane? My baby was diagnosed with spina bifida. What should I be doing to prepare for his birth and follow-up care? Can my baby's two-month vaccines wait until she is 11 weeks old? I have epilepsy and take Trileptal. Will it be safe to breastfeed my new baby? How do I take my baby's temperature? Is there a problem with my son's baby tooth having a split that the dentist called tooth germination? Are there any side effects that will harm my baby if I took Plan B but became pregnant anyway?  My daughters permanent eye teeth are coming in over the top of her baby teeth. What can we do to loosen the baby teeth? My daughter has cavities in her bottom molars. She needs a root canal and a silver cap. Why is this done for baby teeth? What effect can Wellbutrin have while my wife and I are trying to conceive and on the baby while it is breastfeeding? How does stress affect a pregnancy and the unborn baby? I am pregnant and found out that there is extra fluid on one of my baby's kidneys. What does this mean? Why do my baby's eyes look crossed? Why should babies under 1 year old not eat honey? What are the guidelines for using insect repellent on a baby? How can I help prevent tooth decay while my child is a baby?  Could my baby be teething at 11 weeks old? Do breastfed babies have larger heads and bigger brains?  What are those jelly-like crystals in my baby's diaper? What are some 2-month old milestones I should see in my baby? What is normal weight gain for a baby's first month of life? When can I switch my baby from a rear-facing to a forward-facing car seat? How can I treat my baby and toddler's colds? Should I call the doctor if my baby has a fever? When should a baby be weaned from breast or bottle feeding to a cup? How can I prevent whooping cough? Does the extreme heat of the sterilization process cause a loss of nutrients in ready-to-use baby formula? My 8 week old baby has a hernia in his navel the size of a macadamia nut. Could the hernia become strangulated? Do I need to boil the tap water when I make formula for my baby? Do you think it is safe for young babies to receive X-rays? Why would my 8-1/2 month old baby only look to one side when I drop a toy but not the other?  My 1 month old baby doesn't seem to be satisfied when I breastfeed him. Can I supplement some feedings with formula? Is it okay to mix rice cereal into a 3 week old baby's bottles? Will using a generic formula cause problems with my baby's growth and development? Can SIDS happen if my baby is sleeping at night on my chest? It is the only way she will sleep.  When is it too early to get your baby on a routine? Our baby is 4 weeks old, and I am going back to work in 2 weeks. Should I be stimulating my babys gums with those finger tools? When should I start brushing her teeth? Our 7-year-old's adult teeth are coming in, but are brownish compared to his baby teeth. What could be happening?  If my baby sucks her thumb, will she need braces?  Why isn't my baby sleeping through the night? Who gets up more often with the baby -- moms or dads? I am nursing my baby. Can I take an over-the-counter allergy medication like Claritin?  Is there a safe dosage of Benadryl I can give my 5-month-old baby who is battling a very congested nose?  Does a baby always have a temperature with an ear infection?  The doctor said my four-month-old has baby acne. Its spreading to her head and body. What could be wrong? My baby's poop is light tan and clay-like. It has a bad odor and a small amount of blood. Should I call the doctor? I had a baby two months ago and have started exercising. What is the best multivitamin to take? What is the best thing you can do for a babys skin?  How can I get my baby to sleep through the night? Should I donate my babys cord blood? Do breastfed babies have fewer behavioral problems later on in life? What can I do to help my baby sleep better at night and keep my marriage strong? My baby is 9 days old. When he sleeps his arms and legs twitch in even timing, from 5 to 20 minutes. Is this normal? i had a Tubal ligation done 3 years ago! and have beenthinking of having a other baby! what can i do?? When do mongolian spots on a baby begin to fade? i want to have a baby last prgenancy was 20 years ago what do i need to do? i want to have a baby last prgenancy was 20 years ago what do i need to do? Possible outcome of sperm donated by someone with AIDS. i'm trying for a baby and after just a week after sex i seem too be having what seems like symptoms is this possible should my baby run fever while teething can you have babies if a dog hair touches you Type your question here.Wife is 28 wks pregnant. (age 33)Has a sore throat, cough, temp. of 99.1 and voice sounds horse. Husband and i had unprotected sex twice and twice he ejaculated, next day i get my period. Can i still get pregnant? Clear vaginal discharge I was wondering if your 24 weeks pregnant and the baby passed away at about 19 weeks and didn't know is it a miscarriage Can you get pregnant without having sex? Why does my formula feed baby have seedy poop? I thought that is for breastfed babies only. Should I worry? When I try and feed my six month old daughter baby food she shakes her head like its sour every time. What if I'm taking metronidazole for a bacterial vaginal infection and may be 1 week pregnant? Will it harm my baby? is it safe to use an electric blanket when pregnaunt? Does baby wipes, anti bacterial wipes, and wet wipes help ease the burning sensation of Conjunctivitis? Baby has diaper rash turned yeast infection. No Dr for 3 DAYS! Any OTC or "tricks" to try? She is so uncomfortable! what does CMV stand for and how is it spread? is there any financial help for fertility treatment out there? Read the details, I can't write it all in here. can eating chalk harm my baby or stop me from becoming pregnant? can eating chalk harm my baby or stop me from getting pregnant? Should I be worried if my baby weighs more than usual for his getstational age? can i put rice cereal in my month old sons formula to thicken it up it seems he gets to much air when he drinks Does walking induce labor? my daughter is 23 weeks pregnant and has been leaking clear fluid, is her or the baby in danger? can a man with klinefelter syndrome have babies? my 9 month old baby is Coughing really hard while sleeping baby cries he stops breathing and goes limp and his lips turn blue and goes limp,for a few minutes can ultrasound at four weeks show a baby? My daughter is 20 weeks pregnant and was accidently hit on the side of her stomach, near hip. Is baby and uterus ok?  Daughter is 20 weeks pregnant, and was accidently hit in stomach near hip. Is baby and uterus ok? Husband legally smokes marijuana daily for anxiety disorder and I'm pregnant im 16 weeks pregnant.. yesterday i started spotting after having sex.its lightened up alot and i think i can still feel  i am 37 weeks pregnant, what are the sharp vaginal pains that make it seem like my baby is stabbing me from the inside? I am 35 almost 36 weeks pregnant, I have developed sharp fading back pain. Labor? My 6 month old baby (fetus) is not moving in stomach. Normal..? Can an eclipse cause any harm on pregnant women and the unborn baby? my five year old gets really high fevers at night all the time they sometime reach 102  my baby has had a cold with rash and acting unusal is there any possilbe it could be? what can i do to get pregnant after i had my tubes cut and tied 9 yrs ago please help!! i had all signs of being pregnant and then i got my period is that normal?? what could it be? Can the flu booster cause permanent behavior change in babies (14 months old)? can a tubal ligation be reversed Can cigarettes smoke stain clothing and/or skin with chemicals or toxins harmful to a newborn baby? At what age does an unborn baby begin to experience any human related mental emotions/awareness/physical feelings?  My baby gave me thrush on my nipple, could I use clotrimazole to treat it? I'm a hepatitis B carrier and my baby wants to eat my food I contacted. What would happend? I have a baby tooth being my adult tooth, i cant afford a dentist til next month, but its causing me alot of pain. what to do with 19 year old that just wants to have babies? 15 month old with sneezing, now has some coughing when sleepin blood in mucas when sneezes. What can I do? planning to have a baby,should i have sex "everyday" on my wife's fertile days? my semen vol drops below 2mL if everyday Are molars supposed to be permanent? Thanks. I am 22 weeks pregnant and I just got the Tdap vaccine. Turns out I had gotten it 4 years ago. Should I be concerened? How do I go about switching doctors and especially in the same practice as each other How much a 20yr old girl who is 4'9, 88.5 pds is normal or under weight? Could she get pregnant at this weight n height? My 3 year old just had his tonsiles removed. and he refusing to drink. Can giving him a bath help with hydration? is azithromycin 500 mg to take 1 tablet a day for 6 days safe? im pregnant 12 weeks and 5 days.. worried about my baby:( Is it normal to have you're period every other month? Even if it skips the following cycle? ok im gaining weight like im pregnant pregnancy test coming up positive but had a sonogram done an no baby what is it How long after receiving the shingles vaccine should I wait to be around a newborn baby? what can i do to get the baby's heartbeat up while pregnant My husband and I are trying to have a baby...I was 10 days late for my period...and today I'm spotting. Pregnant? Can I stop my pills and try to conceive before I can see my OBGYN 2/5/13? I'm 42 and been on the pill 25 years. Does birth control pill reduce breast milk production..? Ive been doing suboxene for about a year,but have slowed down alot.I just found out im preg. Dont want to hurt the baby! regular 28 day cycle im 4 days late test negative weve been trying for years to have another baby whats wrong with me? What is the most common month durring pregnancy can you feel the baby move? I was told quiting smoking "Cold turkey" can put my baby into shock is this true?  baby get overwhelm crying, n stop breathing. turn black n blue we use the choking procedure after 20 second baby is ok. does a uncircumcised newborn need to have the skin pulled back when cleaning the his private Can a premature baby who did not receive the pertussis vaccine because of an intercranial hemmoage recive it as an adult can 3 month olds have cereal If I Cannot Afford Tubal Ligation Reversal Surgery So How to Get Financial Help? Why do I get so thirsty when I nurse my baby? I had a sudden onset of pain in my lower back that radiated up to my rt shoulder, then down i am 33 weeks pregnant Is it okay to give an enema to a week old baby? can a baby drink goat's milk? If the mother has a yeast infection on the breast, can it cause oral thrush on the baby? Can my seven month old daughter catch my bronchitis? Tapering off of effexor and after i wish to get pregnant What are the pros and cons of a minor having a back to back pregnancy?(age 16) Tips to staying healthy? My one year old baby girl has a nasty bump on her arm Which statement accurately describes the role of oxygen in newborn resuscitation Do people just troll dumb questions on here for laughs, or are people really this clueless about sex? Do babies fart in the womb? my baby girl is eight days old. I noticed some swelling in her breasts today when I bathed her. Is this normal? I have fibromyalgia.When holding a phone my hand started shaking. Its happen before.what is this? Is it possible to dilate even if u havent lost ur mucus plug? i dont even know if i have or not Is it safe for pregnant women to quite somking? Is a walker safe for a 2 month old? My grandson started daycare, and they put him in a walker. can you feel the baby after 5 mouth pregnancy I've been told you cannot get pregnant during your period, is that 100% true because that would be the only way I am. Is it normal for my baby to have a small lump on the side of his head? bones-joints freezing what does eye mucus mean in a 6 month old baby??? why does my bag of arrowroot powder say it may cause breathing problems??I want to use this in home made baby powder I'm breastfeeding and i had to take Mucinex, it dried up my breast milk. What am I supposed to do to produce more milk I found out i was pregnant the first of this month. But now i'm bleeding i feel like it's my period? is there no baby? is 97.8 high for a 2 week old baby? Would having a 10lb baby would put me at high risk in future pregnancies?  can baby powder be used on dogs TTC, Ovulation Confusion My 7 year old daughter complained of pain and when looking her clitoris looked like it was errect. what can cause this my mentrual period is so light i have just been spotting. Is it safe and healthy to paint babies toe nails? what happens if you feed four month old cereal in every bottle how can i increase my 2 year old month baby height ? is it safe to give baby tylenol with nystatin What are the odds of having a partial hysterectomy and then getting pregnant? I am in my third trimester and having twins. What can I eat to make my babies gain weight during my third trimester? Can a partical hysterectomy be reversed? Has anyone every attempted such a proceedure? How much would it cost can i give my baby water between breastfeedings? Can you give a 2 mo. old baby a little water. Can you add a little sugar to make it more tasty? any reason not to? . does the baby stop moving before its time for birth I have 2 children I'm in my first trimester of baby#3, I'm irratible all the time I snap on people and not mean to, why? will baby have type I diabetes if i have gestational diabetes WHAT CAN YOU DO IF A BABY/TODDLER HAS PHLEGM can a baby come out in a miscarriage why do i have two periods this month Are mother's drug tested when they give birth to a baby? can a baby be removed from the tubes and live what cause lumps on a baby's leg Is it ok to mix breast milk with formula in the same bottle to feed my baby? My labia is swollen and red. Should I have surgery to correct it? I had my period on 4/4/12 and i finished 4/6/12. then i had marron discharge for 3 days, and 5/6/12 i havent my period.? is it safe to take cotraceptive pill before having any baby? My breasts are sore everyday and have started releasing a yellowish clear fluid, I am not pregnant, what could this be? Our baby is 3.5 month old. Since last 3 days he cries in the evening around 5 PM. when we hold him he stop crying. Am trying to have a baby , nd my last period was 4-10-13 ,Am 9 days late ,my cycle is normaly 28days, took a test nd neg I think I am pregnant, but don't have insurance and I am keeping the baby. What do I do? Are baby carrots (pre-washed mini carrots you can get by the bag at the grocery store) bad for you? Can a women who has donated one kidney have babies? What age can a baby start drinking water and juice? i have been bleeding heavy for over a month and i am very tired and in pain; I also have blood in my stool. What to do? I'm 28 weeks pregnant and I smoked weed how do I clean my system out before baby is due in due Aug. 23.. Is it possible for someone to lose part of their faculties after a serious surgery? can you have a baby with someone and the baby look like someone else? can a human take iron dextran injections that is given to baby pigs When should i take my baby to the emergency room for a fever? he is 3 months old, and has a cough.  If a father is taking drugs will the newborn have colicy or other problems? i have baby boy 8 months old is there any problem to raise hamsters in the house? Why does my urine smell like baby powder? I have cryptorchidism, i have located the testicl and can feel the semen tubes can i make babies am i fertile Swollen belly im 26, i have only one testicle, after a treatment of orchiopexi can i have a chance to produce a baby....? can you get chicken pox twice. Had it as a baby, am now 19 and been exposed to it? can babies catch ringworm why is my 7 week old baby vomiting alot in amount after eating My wife had her first misscarriage after 10 weeks at the end of Feb-13. When is the best time to try again for baby Can I produce eggs after having tubes taken out I'm 21 and I have no sex drive anymore why is this and what can I do to get it back??? how to treat diarrhea in a 6 month old baby who has had over a week and his bottom is raw how to treat diarrhea in a 6 month old baby who has had over a week and his bottom is raw what if a baby doesn't get a fever after recieving a vaccine? Is that considered to be an abnormality? I'm 20 weeks pregnant and was using boric acid to kill roaches. It was in contact with my hands. Did I hurt may baby? Is it bad to have a lot of pregnancy ultrasounds? i havet 2 daughters,now i want male baby,plz tell me what can i do? When a baby babbles to her mother, and her mother talks back, and then the baby babbles again. What is this called? is dark chocolate good for 8 month old baby? how contagious is chlamydia?? My now ex bf tested positive and I am negative... my due date is november 22, 2013 when did I likely become pregnant/ have sex to become pregnant? Can use of vibrator during pregnancy affect unborn baby's brain? is it possible 2 carry a tubal baby 2 full term its been over 12 hours and the baby has no vowel movement, is this normal? can pre-cum get you pregnant while on your period? can pre-cum get you pregnant while on your period? can rice cereal upset a babies stomach I think I mite be pregnant my period was suppose to come on the 28 of July I'm a day late but I'm having lower back pain Can a person getting chemotherapy and radiation treatments be near a newborn baby? Does feeding rice cereal make baby gain weight? 5 week old baby hasn't had poopy daiper in almost 3 days should i take her to the docotors? I have adult cradle cap, it's on my face and it WONT go away no matter what I do. Im getting depressed. How do I treat? My daughter-in-law is not feeling baby move. Due date is 2 days away. Is this normal?  mother haves 0- father has 0+ what will there baby have?  I had a stillborn baby on 15th June, 2013 after 41 weeks of preganancy. When can I try to conceive again? Removed iud end of June since then 2 times spotted no period is it safe to concieve baby now i mean my utures wall ready I just stopped breastfeeding. Now I am having the same early pregnancy symptoms I had with my 1st baby. Is this common? What is the advantages and disadvantages of a baby girl having O- Blood Group? Is it safe to use OTC meds for a yeast infection if I'm unsure about being pregnant?  Should I take my baby to the Er for thrush if her doctor is closed? How early can you tell gender? stomach flu in newborn babies if u use meth while pregeant is it true babies will be ok still and that the learning ability has been proving higher 17 mo old smells like syrup all the time, and she doesn't eat it. are gerber meals healthy for my baby and toddler? I had a baby two months ago and haven't got my first period is tha normal ? I had a baby two months ago and haven't got my first period is tha normal ? urinary tract infection i had sex with my husband condom and tubes tied. had two babies they said i wouldnt have.. can i be preg? what is the math of a 48 year old and a 52 year having a baby. What to us for Birth control in women over 50? Hi i,m a women that's 25 I went to my OBGYN and I was told that I have high testosterone is there any way to lower it does a baby feel pain during an abortion Is Hylands Calms forte herbal sleep aid safe during pregnancy? Lowering my testosterone How To Regain My Breast Stiff After Giving Birth To A Boy?  Is using baby powder or dry shampoo between shampoos bad for your hair? I was having a weird pulsing sensation in my vagina with no pain while sitting or laying down. how much pear juice to put in baby formula Is it possible to spread staph infection to an infant by holding or feeding a bottle if the small cut is draining i am 13wks pregnant with a sensivitive cervix, what should I expect from this? is it bad to be pregnant if your baby is only 4months old I am 14.5 weeks pregnant and I'm not as hungry as I was in my 1st trimester (very). is this worrisome? Can a baby hide from and ultra sound and a dopplar when trying to hear it hear beat? Im 20 weeks pregnant and im having bad back pains on the lower right side above my hip should I be worried? is it safe to use baby power while i am brearstfeeding  Does being sick affect the milk produced to breastfeed? How do i prevent my baby from getting sick too? baby weight What does fenugreek help with when breastfeeding? Pros and cons? Can you put regular Vicks on an infant? Progesterone injects, 34 wks,baby not moving as much, water still intact, hot flashes,no sleep, do I call my doc? What vitamins can I take to help get my hair full again? What is theliklihood we are pregnant? Please give opinion asap What can I do to find out if my fiance can produce children? I'm 4 months pregnant and accidentally ate melted styrofoam. Will this harm my baby? How long does it take to wake up after thyroid surgery? Girlfriend had tummy tuck procedure 9 months ago. Just found out we are pregnant. Is she and baby safe because of scars? I've been supplementing with formula after every feeding as my baby pulls out hungry. How do I increase my milk supply? Does it brings any benefits to my baby if I'm partially breastfeeding him? How will I know the difference between a contraction and the baby just pushing up and out.? 39 weeks prenant is there any herbs or meds that could be given to a breastfeeding mom to reduce gas in a baby? can i get pregnate after tubal reversal and having hot flashs My 7 month old baby has been having green watery stools with mucus since she was 3 weeks old.  When someone gets staph after a C-section how could this happen I have the single transverse palmar crease on one hand, does that mean I carry the downsyndrome gene even if I am not DS Will cornstarch help get rid of a yeast infection for babies I mtaking depression tabs Escitalopram Clonazepam PIMOZIDE these will have any bad effect on our baby as we r planning? I ha ve sever headache after 10 days after child birth ?? How to manage large kidney stones that can't be passed on its own while being 16 weeks pregnant and not harm the baby. How does alcohol consumption affect breast milk and baby If u r 5mo pregent and have miscarrage What should I do to prevent my baby from catching bronchitis while breastfeeding?  Is it safe for a baby to sleep under a electric blanket? When babies are switching from breast milk to solid foods, is cow's milk neccessary? Does a baby get blood from its mother? Trying to settle an argument. When to take son to er?  Does Ibuprofen weaken the immune system in children if it is over used as babies, what would be considered overuse? Can a severe cough while pregnant harm the baby?  Could i be pregrant? Is it possible that a baby could be conceived on August 29, 2011 and deliver June 27, 2012? When is it safe to have sex after having a stillbirth? Can HPV be passed to a baby through breast feeding? what happens if im not eating enough salt? Is it possible for a woman to still have a baby with one tube and past the optimum age at 54 What can happen to the baby if I fall on the during pregnancy? Can I pump and store breasted milk before my baby is born since I am starting to leak milk? What is a typical heart rate for the baby when just starting six weeks? Can I take z pak (azithromycin 250 mg) while I'm breastfeeding a 6 month yr old baby I had my tubes tied,cut and burned can that be reversed i know this is a dumb question, but im gonna ask it anyways. can i still ovulate if my tubes are tied, cut and burnt? My husband and I are trying to get pregnant, but during sex I get very wet could the seman leek out? why cant I stop thinking about babies? Why would a woman who has just had a baby need more water? is it dangerous to get pregnant while taking Yaz contaception What my chance of being pregnant after 3 failed home test although I'm 5 days late on my irregular period? Is the Social Security number necessary to purchase an insurance? Expected BM of 3 month breastfed baby Sex on the last day of your menstrual day I'm on the depo shot but I'm showing symptoms of pregnancy. Could I be pregnant?  can I give my 18 month old baby adult low dose asprin? If so how much?  Possibly 2months pregnant but I've drank redline twice. Can that harm my baby?? I'm pretty worried "/ what can happen to baby if durning c section if the mother is given to much ether My 5 yr old has been recommended a crown for 1 of his tooth and fillings for 4 teeth due to cavities,please advise? IS IT NORMAL FOR MY BABY BOY TO HUMP MY LEG OR HIS CRIB HIS ONLY 14MNTS i had a baby 5 months ago and my milk dried up now im leaking milk every where why Is birth control basicaly an abortion pill? Is dry skim milk in oat cereal safe for my six month old? when do i start introducing whole milk to my baby My semen is thick like musus,white and clear colored. What can I do? I can't make babies. why? how can a baby roll under a pillow and suffocate? It looks like my baby has a diaper rash on her face, what could this be? She is exclusively breastfed, 3 weeks old. how much does the baby absorb from me during pregnancy What dosage of oil of oregano should be given to a 12 month old baby with asthma? Is extreme huger normal in week 4 of pregnancy? I'm currently breastfeeding my year old daughter but we are teying to get pregnant why haven't I been able to xoncieve is cow manure bad for my pregnancy COULD I BE PREGNANT?! is it normal for an 18 year old to want a baby? is it a hormonal thing? If a new born baby test positive for cocaine, does that mean the mother was using throughout her pregnancy? How can you prevent caluse on your baby toe? daughter is in alcohol rehab for 30 days and just learned she's 6 weeks pregnant. worried about effects of meds on baby can newborn babies be born addicted to prednisone if the mom took it for asthma in the last trimester My husband's grandma is a twin. I have 4 children, and we are considering having our first baby together.  If I scoliosis and I have a baby will my baby be born with scoliosis?  Frequent fetal movements at 26 weeks e-coli in urnine sample but doctor advised not sure if bug or contaiminated Can you hold a baby after having a tb test what to put on baby's chapped face,that is safe if they ingest it? what can of diagnots test are to find out if your 11 month old baby is allgergic to milk products how many c sections are safe? Is there a safe medication to make my 30 pound baby sleepy for air travel Is it safe to use an electronic cigarette when you are pregnant? What is the recommended age to move a baby into their own room? I used to produce a lot of sperm after sex, but now very little comes out and sometimes nothing eventhough i will feel.. will quit smoking stress the baby my baby ate her on poop When I can feed my baby ,baby cereal ? My baby girl has hand foot mouth disease. She has a few blisters on her hand. She sucks her thumb. Do I stop the sucking Is continuing to smoke cigarettes throughout pregnancy safer than simply quitting? Can a female human get pregnant from a horse? is taking 25mg of DHEA harmful to a fetus? What are the benefits of coffee before a workout? why i'm only having 13 days menstrual cycle? i'm having hard time to have a baby Does the plan b pill effect your chances of having a baby in the long-term? how to make mashed potatoes for baby I have pneumonia how likely is my infant to catch it? My child's dentist is recommending 2 baby root canals on my 11 yr old. Is this normal for his age on baby teeth? Can I give my 2 1/2month old baby cereal mixed in his formula to help with vomiting and hunger? I'm breastfeeding and didn't realize PeptoBismol wasn't safe. I only took 1 dose, how long should I avoid breastfeeding? Should I take my baby to the doctor if the fever keeps coming back? my daughter is 21 weeks pregnant and the babys head is in the birth cannel already. is he going to be ok? what to have a baby Hello, I've recently been diagnosed with HEP C. I am experiencing mod-severe pain in my back, right side, is this normal I was sick this past weekend, and i am 16 weeks pregnant with strep throat does this affect the baby? i cant get pregnant When can I stop using baby formula water for formula and start using either tap or jug water I buy for a water cooler? I have urinating every 15/20 every mins uncountless times a day is this normal?  My dog killed and ate a baby bunny. Now hes panting and whining. Should I be worried? How can u tell if ur having a boy or girl?. How can u tell if ur having a boy or girl?. does getting sunburn while pregnant hurt the baby I think im pregnant and I don't know how to tell my partner? I just had a baby a year ago n my period is usually late how do you know if you are pregnant again My boyfriend only has his right testical,so is it possible to produce a baby boy with only a right testicle? I used baby powder (vag area) off and on for about 1yr 15 yrs ago. Does this put me at higher risk for ovarian cancer? Last couple of cycles have been reduced to 20 days, usally bleeding for 5. is this normal.  Today I have period. But it should happen on 25th May.today is 4th June.  I have shingles is my 2 month old baby at risk?  is it okay to get in a hottub when pregnant? Is it safe for the baby to be born at 22 weeks? I'm 32 wks pregnant my fundal height is measuring 36cm. What does this mean? Am I further along? Or is he a large baby? i feel pregnat. I look it to. but I keep testing negative. last time I was 11 wks didnt know and lost it a week later. I am on the birth control seasonique, i should have started today but i didn't. Is it to early to take a prenancy test. Is it possible for 2 brown eyed people to have a blue eyed baby? baby after menopause what pill would help to concieve i had intercourse with 2 men Am I Pregnant? Strange Period!! HELP ME! My husband and I want a baby so bad and I need advice! My daughter is expecting a baby with a due date of November 26,2014. What would the conception date be?  is it safe for a newborn to sleep in the same room as a litterbox? My grandmother had shingles two years ago. I'm six months pregnant. Is it safe for me and my baby to be around her? what should be done when after birth the placenta is attached to uterus My husband is a type1 diabetic and we are trying to have a baby.but I'm not getting pregnant what's wrong? Can having a sonohysterogram introduce herpes to your uterus?  Im 25w2d pregnant after i have my baby, im considering tubal ligation. will i continue to have a cycle after its done? Misscarriage, then period exactly a month later, and now no period after 3 months? how will i know am infertile should my baby's breath smell sweet? Is it safe to use corn startch baby powder around my crotch every day? My 6 month old grandson's other grandma smokes heavily, her clothes reek. Will this harm the baby when she holds him Is it possible for RH negative parents to have an RH positive baby? If I'm fingering a pregnant girl can the baby grab my finger?!? i think i am pregnant I had my uterus removed but still have both my tubes and ovaries, I am showing pregnancy signs please help!!! I'm on birth control (Minastrin) and I think I might be pregnant... Is it my baby ? well a cortisone shot stop you from getting pregnant?? my babyhas some spotsafter birth on her face what may be those are? what i should do? my baby is 2 months  my baby is two months. i find some white spots on her face.what they may be? can morning sickness predict your baby's sex? forgetfullness after child HOW LONG SHOULD A BABY RUN A FEVER WITH A VIRIS will marijuana hurt my unborn baby how can i sanitize baby toys safely? My friend is 37 wks preg. and she used a drug (meth) 1 time. Is the baby going to have the drug in its system at birth? How can I help my baby outgrow what seems to be allergic reaction to chicken? is a hot steam vaporizer safe for a 5 1/2 month old baby? what about Vicks VapoSteam? Is it possible my due date is not my due date ? I can feel the baby kick since 8w my due date is 23/04/15. Friend is pregnant but she doesn't know if it's her friend or her fiance baby My 11 month old will not eat solids. She is still breastfeed but should I be worried about her not getting enough iron. What happens to the baby during the pregnancy if the mother does not take her meds she was told to take???? what neurological effects can happen to a baby that received to much ether at birth. the mother was 28. In 1961. why does a baby stop breathing why do infants stop breathing?  Yellowish white discharge,taking FAS-3, ok to intercourse after 3 days? why is a baby 0 months old if you were pregnant for 10 months? Can't smell or taste. Had meningitis as 13 day old baby, think it may be why. Always had social issues. Can I improve? Can you lose a baby at four months by breathing in animal urine and other bad odors what medicine 2 take 2 get pregnant my periods are irregular sometimes 2 a year none or 1 a year help i can concieve can i have some names of good fertilization doctors My stomach has been swelling and bulging and even making movement as if a babys inside of me but im not pregnant. What is the average amount of breast milk/formula that a 3 month old baby should be drinking? How can I increase milk supply? after returning to work I only puimp 2x daily only get 14 ounces baby's 4 months  I noticed babies get upset stomachs when starting formula, and almost all brands contain soy. Is soy bad for babies? 