Can hydrocodone worsen already developed ulcers? If so, what medication can I use other than Tylenol for back pain? I am taking 500 mg of naproxen once daily for back pain and Robaxin for muscle spasms. Should I take them together? Can I take Relpax 40 mg for migraine when I take my Norco for back pain? Is there a side effect if I do mix these two? I've had back pain for the past two months and have been taking 1/2-1 Vicodin for my pain. Will that harm my baby? I have had bad back pain for more than a year but my MRI was normal. Could the MRI have missed something? I am almost eight months pregnant with my first child. Is there anything I can take or do to reduce my back pain? Can I take Ambien 10 and Percocet together for sleep problems and back pain? Are there any home remedies for lower back pain? Can sleeping on hard surface help reduce back pain? why am I having stomach cramps lower pack pain and shortness of breath. tired all the time Can gallbladder stones cause low back pain New pain, never had before. Im having upper back pain while eating. This is day two and have no insurance. What do I do? Should I get my backpain treated? Why would oral steroids help with my lower back pain so well? I woke up with back pain and left arm pain, pain is mild now but arm still feels weird, should I see the doctor? what can you do for back pain do to the lung cancer I have not had a period since august 15. Ive been having cramps, lower back pain,white watery discharge, neg preg. test back pain in different areas comes and goes back swells Continuous back pain I have lower back pain when I have to have a bowel movement is this a sign of some other problem? What could sudden lower back pain, nausea and then it moving to the abdomen be? It has happened 2x's since yesterday. how effective is spinal decompression for low back pain? why do I have pain in the back of my left pelvic just below the illac crest. I am male and have a history of back pain. why have i got a sore/burning vagina Can hydrocodone 5/acetaminophen (for pain) be taken with Ciprofloxacin (antibiotic to treat infection if present)? What can cause upper stomach pain, indigestion, and gas accompanied by a dull aching pain in my back? I was seen in local er for sever headache on Monday, had ct and lumbar puncture, now still have headache neck/back pain I am 35 almost 36 weeks pregnant, I have developed sharp fading back pain. Labor? I can feel a pulsating mass in my epigastric region and I have really bad lower back pain bothsides. Are they related? My girlfriend is peeing blood and has back pains. She doesnt want to go to the doctor yet... Any help. Please Back pain has lasted longer than 3 months. What do I do? Im having lower back pains, and im having pains in my pelvic area and I am leaking urine for no reason. Should someone with lower back pain see a doctor or a chiropractor?  should i go see a doctor if im pregnant and having lower belly pressure and lower back pain and im nasuea Lower back pain. Tried my Homedics massager, two Salonpas patches 2.5x1.5, heating pad...what else? Nothing working. What can cause constant lower back pain and a dull pain that occurs on the underside of my pelvic area? Am I Pregnant? Severe chest and back pain in right side for last 3 days gets worse during sleep or breathe out hard. should i go to ER? Heavy bleeding for 2 days, 8 days before period... how often can you get steroids shots for back pain? Lower back pain be a sign of pregnancy? My lower right side of my back, right above my hip I have pain and stiffness in my back,shoulders,knees,and hips.It has gotten worse over tha past year. what do i have? Lower back pain be a sign of pregnancy? My lower right side of my back, right above my hip 40's male with abdominal and lower back pain and excessive sleep possible cause of a severe headache with radiating lower back pain Hey, should I see our athletic trainer? can internal hemorrhoids cause leg and back pain my bf and i had sex 2/28 got period 3/1 it came early., i feel crampy and have back pain, coukd i be pegnant? my bf and i had sex 2/28 got period 3/1 it came early., i feel crampy and have back pain, could i be pregnant? BACK PAIN WORSE AT NIGHT. Why is this bad? lifted heavy object in the AM back started to hurt at night, is this a pulled muscle or slipped disc pregnant girlfriend, having constant severe headaches, severe nausea and severe lower back pain for a couple days now what would cause rectal bleeding and low back pain? Should I see a specialist about an ongoing UTI? My back hurts when I breath, very tired and 2 doses antibiotics failed. i get horrible back pain and frontal pain after a sex dream and it wakes me up. it takes a while for it to go away. why? what is the best pain and other management for severe arthritis of the spine? If I had sex with one person and had my period 6 days later could i get pregnant? My lmp was 4/22/13.Period was due 5/20 no period yet. I am having dull back pain and light pink spotting am i pregnant? Why does my legs get numb from my back pain in the L-3, L-4, L-5 and S-1 region? Why do I only wake up with lower back pain? lower back pain, pain level always same do go higher, only confort laying face down back arched up. meds 60 oxy back pain from lifting a table took a day before full pain set in, pain moves but also constant always in lower back? I have lower back pain that has been going on for 4 months, what can my doctor do to find out what is wrong? I have really intense lower back pain. The chiropractor said it could be unbalanced hips. why does ibu profen cause ankle swelling? i have lower back pain,pain in legs and feet.what could it be? I'm 18 with chronic lower back pains, this can't be normal, can it? Fell from a tree and experiencing back pain and cannot put weight on one leg, is it bruised or broken? Numbness in my Elbow? When I rest my left elbow on the table I also get a lack of sensation in my pinky and ring finger how could you break a rib and not know it? i have had back pain for over a month it hurts to cough and i cant even lift my one year old son up one step  Cause of back pain in my lower right region, plus inflammation that has put my body off center? 2 weeks ago, diagnosed w/ bladder infection, still having pain under ribs (right side), back pain, shooting abdomen pain I am having dull cramps and slight lower back pain. Ended my normal period a week ago.  I just stopped breastfeeding. Now I am having the same early pregnancy symptoms I had with my 1st baby. Is this common? could i be pregnant? HELP!!! could i be pregnant? HELP!!! I have severe back pain that is now radiating down my right leg.  Can I take lortab if I have tachycardia i have pins and needles for a week now in my left foot, i have had back pain for a month which has shifted to left thigh I am 39 and my period came 14 days early. Could this be serious, could i be pregnant. Right side back and side pain Im 20 weeks pregnant and im having bad back pains on the lower right side above my hip should I be worried? can a belly wrap help obesity Could I be pregnant? Is it normal for lower back pain to start at 6 weeks pregnant and still be going strong now at 25 weeks? I am 24 years old and have a severe lack of energy. I have headaches and severe joint, neck and back pain.  I been having off and on lower back pain and i'm bloated. is there a possiblity that i'm preganate? Woke up bleeding bright fresh red blood. I've been on the pill since I was 15, im now 21. Last had sex 2-3 months ago testing negative but symptoms persis Is there an Artery3 that could be around your navel and goes to the back? When touched its very tender what causes lower back pain when I lift arms or bend my neck forward Is it possible to have Undiagnosed Kidney Cancer for 10 years ? left thigh leg pain from roller derby  I had sex with a guy 5 months ago was on my period and I found out he was hiv positive how likely is it I have it i have a 10 year merana iud i havent a period in 6 yrs im bleeding heavy clots with cramps back pain My lower right side of my back has been hurting...now my urine is bright yellow. What could this be?  What are phleboliths?? Diarrhea and stomach pain is back pain post gall bladder surgery normal? Could it be gallstones? Does cuts or bruises on the virgina cause headaches nd back pains How long should it take to improve from a kidney infection once started on antibiotics? Been 3 days and back is severe. Haven't had a period for 6 months now it's on, what's going on? I have the Mirena IUD I have been taking advil for over 3 weeks I want to stop and switch over to plain aspirin. Can I do that safely? Aspirin Use an unusual heavy use of aspirin for back pain cause black stools several days later. can prednisone exacerbate cold symptoms? what to do about back pain? Been having oderless white discharge with no odor combined with abdominal cramps, lower back pain, and nausea. Been having oderless white discharge with no odor combined with abdominal cramps, lower back pain, and nausea. can yeast infection cause back pain in lower right? low back pain could i have gotten pregnanty on my period? What can I do to relieve my back pain? What can cause severe lower back pain in the right hip area? does gabapentin affect blood pressure What is this back pain and how can I alleviate it? How long does lower back pain occur during UTI? Can epidural cause persistent back pain why do I get a massive headache and pin like back pain and vomiting when I even try to push out the diarreaha I had sex on my ovulation day but used pull out method could I still be pregnant? a week after my last period i had spotting along with cramping. could i be pregnant? Vaginal discharge in 52 yr. old hysterectomy 20 yrs. ago Ok, Had unprot. sex took plan b had unprot. Sex again but came on period on time. Week after I've been experiencing pain NAUS/VOMI LOW L AB/BACK PAIN SOMETIMES R SIDE PENILE PAIN RANGE TO TESTIS ON MANY MEDS URGE/FREQ/PAIN URINE NARROW URETH What could be causing the cracking of bones in my lower back and causing pain? Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding is stomach cancer related to lung cancer? My husband has severe lower back pain and left hip pain will not go away what can he do? No doctor will do an MRI could high LDL be because of pancreatitis Is there an adverage life expectancy for 93 year old person with stage 4 renal failure? can chronic pain make a person violent? does neurontin help back pain Can a muscle knot in my back cause pain in my sternum? How do I figure out what kind of Chronic Back Pain I have? Is over 200mg morphine sulphate an excessive amount for chronic back pain? I am not suppose to get my period for 12 days but I started bleeding during sex. Bright red with pain what is the strongest pain med you can get over the counter for back pain? mid-back pain with activity, large bruise-like discoloration (4-5" diameter) to the left of my spine mid back over 1yr. Severe headache after using a male enhancement. After 2 days the headache included back pain and leg pain. Emergency? Black diarrhea, severe abdominal cramps, fatigue, lower back pain. Can these be caused by my Depo shot? Why am I experiencing so many side effects while taking the Depo-Provera shot? And should I stop taking it? Pain is these signs of prenancy  Can Natural Sarapin injections be used to treat back pain caused as a result of scoliosis? Back pain is shooting into my abdominal area. What causes this? What is the best pain medicine for chronic low back pain Nutrilite supplements?? Are they beneficial for back and knee pain? Adderall causing symptoms or Anxiety? Lower back pain and in the back of my thighs and butt? I have been taking neurontin for 6 days for back pain and having some nasty side effects. How quickly can i come off it? Can having sex throw off your cycle or could it be pregnancy? it started 3 weeks ago, im on birth control and blead/ spotted at wrong time, after that i started being nausious a lot I am 60 yrs. old and 120 lbs. My doctor prescribed 15 mg. of oxycodone IR/4-6 hrs. for my back pain. Is this too much? Is it possible for adults my age to get arthritis?, I'm 25 and have been experiencing some high levels of back pain. no bowel movement in 2 days...can it cause gas and back pain? my doctor subcribed me cyclobenzaprine and prednisone for my back pain is that normal Missed period 7weeks, foot and ankles are swelling and back pain Can back pain cause heart problems? Can an enlarged prostrate cause lower back pain? im a male 29 never had seizures before now have had 4 in 8 months my eeg and mri were normal ehat could cause them Could I Still be pregnant? what are the chances? I need to find a doctor for my back pain. An x-ray showed degenerative issues in L1 and L5.  Went to the doctors, had Xrays done on my back doctors said nothing is wrong with me, but back hurts worse. what if it doesnt burn to urinate it feels like it is stuck is that still a uti I have sharp pain in my upper to mid right side of my back. what could it be? Is Tart Cherry Juice effective in treating back pain? Should you avoid a hot tub when you have an UTI? IS THERE A CONNECTION BETWEEN IBS AND BACK PAIN? I have constant back pain every day but mri and EMG came back fine. So what could be wrong with me? My period hasn't came on. I have been having gas, peeing, headaches, sleeping a lot. Could something be wrong with me? Can methadone be used for severe back pain, or is it strictly used for people who have a drug problem? 