I have pigmentation on my upper lip. I am taking birth control pills. Help! I look like I have a mustache. Will birth control pills clear up my acne? Can you get pregnant while on the pill? How long does the pill stay in your body?  Do multivitamins descrease the effectiveness of oral birth control pills? While on birth control, I took an antibiotic and was late taking birth control pills. Could I be pregnant if I had sex? My daughter takes Vyvanse 30 and birth control pills. She has 10 day bi-monthly periods. Is this a side effect? Would over-the-counter cold medicines impact the effectiveness of birth control pills?  Can you use cold medicines while taking birth control pills? Is it safe to take the Revolution Abdominal Cuts natural supplement with birth control pills? I recently got a rash on one side of my face. Could a change in birth control pills be causing this rash?  Do multivitamins have negative interactions with birth control pills? Can multivitamins affect absorption? How do birth control pills work? Do they prevent fertilization of the egg, or prevent it from attaching to the uterus? Does Adipex interfere with birth control pills or even make them ineffective? Does Adipex make you infertile? I am taking birth control pills, and am taking penicillin for an infection. Can I take ibuprofen or acetaminophen? How long does the birth control pill Errin take to become effective?  Is it safe to take Oxyelite Pro while taking oral contraceptives? Can you tell me if Zenchent and Balziva are generic versions of the same type of birth control pill?  Do any supplements, like cold-milled golden flax seed, affect the effectiveness of birth control pills? What oral contraceptives are likely to cause less weight gain? I know my antibiotic reduces the effectiveness of my birth control pills. How long should I continue a back-up method? What is the difference in norethindrone 0.35mg, Azurette, and LoEstrin birth control pills?  What vitamins can you take with birth control pills that will not cancel out the birth control? I dropped a birth control pill, and immediately took the next pill. Once I get to my placebo pills, should I skip one? Was it OK to take my first pack of birth control pills before my period came, instead of the Sunday after it started?  If I stop taking the birth control pill, will I lose weight? If so, how quickly will I lose the weight?  I take birth control pills and have melasma on my upper lip. How can I get rid of it? Can antihistamines and birth control pills be taken on a daily basis, specifically at night? Are there side effects? If you are over 40, is it still OK to be taking the Pill?  My girlfriend recently changed the time of day she takes her birth control pill. When is it safe to stop using a condom? Do antibiotics decrease the effectiveness of oral contraceptives? What is a generic birth control pill? Will my Beyaz birth control pills be effective if i take it 13 days after the start of my period? I have PCOS. Why do I gain weight if I'm active and eat well? Can I get back to the way i was last year (100 lbs less)? How exactly does the birth control pill work? How long does it take to become an effective use of contraception? How long do you need to be on the birth control pill for it to be effective?  I took my last birth control pill a day late last month, and had intercourse that same day I missed. Could I be pregnant If you start your cycle on a Sunday do you start your new pack of birth control pills that Sunday or the next Sunday How long do you have to wait to have unprotected sex if you just started taking the birthcontrol pill Lo loestrinFe?? I was removed from birth control pills when I became menopausal.  I quit taking my BirthControl pills and havent gotten my period for three months. Is this normal? removed mirena, started birth control pills same day. Had unprotected sex 3 days later. At risk for pregnancy? Girlfriend has been on birth control for 6 days (Orsythia), today the condom broke. Do I need to buy plan B? On Birth Control Pills and used a condom but it came off could there be a chance I could be pregnate? can I use testosterone cream while taking ortho novum 777 Week Ahead on birth control pills what to do? can you bleed a week after you have your period when you are on the birth control pill Does birth control pill reduce breast milk production..? I took my last active birth control pill 20 hours late. My period came a day late and was light. Is this normal? can an abnormally light period be a sign of pregnancy? I started taking birthcontrol pills and then stopped after 4 days. Would that cause me to have a period? I dropped one of my birth control pills and can't find it. Should I just take the next white pill and continue my pack? Can i be pregnant on my second week of birth control pills? my menstrual cycle last 52 days or more. Is that normal? Does having diarrhea one hour after taking a birth control pill affect the pill's effectiveness?  do you always ovulate as soon as a birth control pill is missed.in a 28 day pack Is it ok to let my boyfriend ejaculate inside me if I am on the birth control pill and have been for a year? Could I be pregnant?  My first time to have sex. Will I be safe if I start taking the birth control pill one week before we have sex? Does Herbalife diet supplement interfere with the effectiveness of Gildess FE 1/20 birth control? How long does it take birth control pill to start working? How many different brands and types of birth control pills are on the market today? i started birth control pills 2 weeks ago when i started my period but im still bleeding is that normal? I missed a pill and took it a few hours later. Im still on my white pills, but I got my period? Can I skip my period and not take the placebo sugar pills and just continue taking birth control pills for 2 months? Can biofeedback detect if I am on birth control pills (Lutera)? I have had swollen, tender, itchy breasts for approximately a month and a half, what could be the cause? can you still have a period if you were spotting I did not take a birth control pill for 60 hours and had unprotected sex. I took two pills immediately afterwards.  what are the risks when taking birth control pills and being diabetic My mother had a stroke, so I cannot take the birth control pill. Is the implant still an option?  Pain in uterus area When you the birth control pill will alcohol lower its effectiviness?  I had sex with my boyfriend today before I took my pill and he came in me. Am I pregnant? I'm taking Ortho-Tri-Cyclen birth control pills and I am on week 3. I missed two pills in a row. now have heavy bleeding What can cause a 16 yr old to have numbness in leg? CT scan normal, bloodwork normal, no blockage either. I am a 44 old female who is on birth control pills. My period is going on its 4th week.Am I starting menopause? can you get pregnant while on birth control pills? I just went to take my birth control pill and dropped it! I can't find it. Do I take tomorrow's pill? I accidentally took two birth control pills on the same day, what do I do now that I'll be one pill short on this pack? Vaginal dryness and lack of sex desire because of birth control pill? if you have a history of brest cancer what kind of birth control pill should you take? Is there a birth control pill that doesn't kill libido or increase the risk of breast cancer? Why is my armpit sore? I stopped taking my birth control pills. I was just diagnosed with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and put on birth control pills. Is it okay to skip a day? Does Robitussin affect birth control pills?  Will the diet pill Abidexin affect my birth control pills? Is there a birth control pill with out hormones in it  could having your period week early 3 months in a row cause birth control pill not work? Safe to skip period on Lutera? Birth controls pills and time Will my girlfriend be pregnant? Could i be pregrant? missed birth control pills! missed period cramping! But negative test! could i be pregnant? I have some birth control pills that expired in April 2013. Are they still okay to take? They are still in Package. how can I stop the spotting as a result of me missing a few birth control pills  Pregnant one month after being off birth control? missed birth control, could i be pregnant? Does a daily magnesium supplement of 400 mg have any effect on the effectiveness of the birth control pill (Kariva)? I have had discomfort with mild pain in lower right abdomin for about 3 weeks. I can feel the spot when pressed on.  girlfriend missed a birth control pill 5 days before we had sex, pregnant? how effective is birth control if one pill is missed? effects of overdosing red birth control pills can taking a birth control pill and having sex at the same time cause pregnancy How long does it take for a birth control pill take to start working I messed up my birth control pills and had sex using withdrawal. 13 days later I had a negative test and spotting. how fast does the depot- shot work? what are the side affects to stopping birth control pills Can birth control pills completely change my personality by having much more uncontrollable mood swings than I ever had? Can you start your period early if you forget your birth control pill for 4 days? I forgot to pack my birth control pills for my trip and won't be about to return for another 10 days. What should I do? I took my birth control pill a day early on Wednesday instead of Thursday. Did not realize i took it early until today. Pink Discharge, Irritated Vagina, Itchy, Uncomfortable missed birth control pill! help I want to stop my birth control pills? side effects? DO I have to finish the whole pack? tested - no other infections Can birth control pills cause MAJOR dryness, burning? tested - no other infections and no others changes to soaps etc i missed my birth control pill friday and had unprotected sex saturday morning what are my chances of getting pregnant? i finished my birth control pills 3 days ago and i been havin unprotected sex ever since , can i take a plan b ? Can this work ? URGENT ! After 1st pack of combined birth control pills I waited 6 days and 14 hours to have unprotected sex should I use EC I took my birth control pill at 5pm yesterday. I accidently took another one at 2am. What should I do? can i get pregnant if he cumes inside of me knowing i dont take my birth control pills regularly and skip some days I'm on my period and I was fingered by a man 10 minutes after he came on his hands. Prengancy? Should I get Plan b? How long until I can have unprotected sex if I took a 6 week break from my birth control pills, due to antibiotics? Can you get pregnant during your break week on birth control pills I have an hormone imbalance and so my cycle is very heavy and it has been on 7 days should I be worried or go to the ER what makes the birthcontrol pill less effective What do you do if you took both of the first birth control pills of two different packs on accident?  Do you have to take birth control pills at the exact same time everyday for it to work? how do i quit taking the birth control pill? Birth control causing stmach pains? I've been experiencing bleeding in between periods and happened a couple times bleeding after sex? does red raspberry leaf herb make birth control ineffective? First Usage of Birth Control Pills - Severe cramps and discomfort First Usage of Birth Control Pills - Severe cramps and discomfort First Usage of Birth Control Pills - Severe cramps and discomfort Girlfriend missed one birth control pill three days ago, we had unprotected sex today, we're concerned about pregnancy? Took Plan B day after unprotected sex due to 1 missed pill, period hasn't come yet and was supposed to start 2 days ago? I have PCOS and am looking into getting a tubal ligation done. What effect would such a surgery have on my disorder? birth control pills for 3 days and the following day had an unprotected sex after 5 days. Im bleeding. Whats that mean? I've tried several different birth control pills, and all cause melasma on my face. Is there one that does not? My doctor put me on birth control because I have a hormonal imbalance. How can I get pregnant with a hormone imbalance? Took extra birth control pill Will taking birth control to delay my period affect the effectiveness of my IUD? Can I get pregnant from naked genital to genital rubbing (no intercourse)? Also on the pill, NO PERIOD for 40 days now. Can I get pregnant from naked genital to genital rubbing (no intercourse)? Also on the pill, NO PERIOD for 40 days now. Start a new pack of pills early How long before I can smoke after stopping birth control pills? Recently I have gotten my period in the middle of my birth control pill pack or twice during pill pack. Should I stop? can I get pregnant three days after my period? My last birth control pill was saturday? 