Is a blood test for chlamydia accurate? I just lost 30 pounds. Do I need new blood work to adjust my cholesterol/triglyceride medications?  I received 2 blood tests from the doctor saying I'm not pregnant. Can I still be pregnant? If I cannot determne if I've had chicken pox, should I get the vaccine? I'm 1 week late on my prd. I had a negative blood test. Is it possible to still be pregnant and get a false negative .  im only a week late on my period, when should i take a home pregnancy test? I took 2 pregnancies tests at home that were positive. I went to the dr and blood test said not pregnant. I'm confused How can I reduce my iron levels? my blood test showed low level of ferritin and little bit high colestral . what types of foods can i eat? Could it not be herpes? L. eye is droopy which makes R. eye seem to bulge. Is it psychological? It gets better for abt an hr after rest/coffee. What are early warning signs of type-2 diabeties if you are not obese?  I drank coffee before a blood test. My blood sugar level was 132. Could it have been the coffee? will plan b show up in a blood test? I have not had my period in 3 months, I have taking 2 blood test/home pregnacy test all came back negative Confused?  can you get a dwi for taking Vicodin the night before you were in an accident the next day? Blood test done... HELP Doc today did a pap test, then asked me to do urine preg test, few mins later she did a blood test. Why all the tests? can what you eat the day before a cholesterol blood test skew the results? I have severe abdomenal pain. I get stomach spams whenever I eat or drink anything. I'm nauseous all the time. can drinking alcohol the night before a blood test cause your bilirubin to be high ? i have been on my period for 13 weeks during which i have had blood tests and they came back clear what is the problem? What is an HLA-B27 blood test for? I always ate eggs and now I have a diagnosed allergy. How does this happen? hi please help.i had unprotected sex with a lady i met on an online dating site. I ache all the time mostly my neck shoulders arms and hands and tired all the time.Bloodwork came back good What type of cancer causes low white blood cell count? My brother have swollen glands all over his neck and jaw line for more than 1 and a half month now. What could it be? What are these boil type things on my skin and now leaving trails of germs everywhere. Even in my mouth. Is there a test or blood test to detect HPV in MEN? What does it mean to have high levels of creatinine in the blood and urine?  My hair has been falling out for almost a year now. Could I be preg. or is it something more serious? Why won't my Xanax show up in blood tests will a normal blood test show anemia? Or would specific tests need to be done?  Can a yeast infection cause blisters? my 15 year old daughter wakes up with a stomach ache and nausua quite a bit. what could this be? I recently had blood work done with creatinine level of 1.85 and BUN count of 28. Just how bad is this??  what would blood work show if already on thyroid medicine for 15 years? My period has been late for 35 days now, but a pregnancy test says I am not pregnant. What could be wrong with me? What could cause abdominal pain to last 2weeks and the cause a bile movement of white stool and diarrhea? My doctor said i cant marry someone with my same blood type after i took a blood test, why is this? How many cholesterol blood tests required per year? How long can a diabetic be off their medications without complications of their sugar spiking too dangerous levels? 8 year old stomach pain for 12 days, rash, off/on vomiting, pale face need expert advice so stressed out its unreal My last depo shot was in Sept, when should i have my preiod again? What would happen if a patient quit taking their thyroid medication? I have years of chronic pain all they do is test blood or act as if I don't know best. how can I get cat scan order? is monistat safe to use to promote hair growth? What should I look for when looking for a neurologist? I am done with my blood test which is nornal .... but I have some doubt Can I eat brussel sprouts, celery, green chard, green cabbage before an occult fecal blood test? Is white wine ok? Do I need to fast for PSA blood test? Do antibiotics affect bloodwork results? How long after meds can then do bloodwork ? I had Gastric By-pass surgery in 2005; haven't had much follow up. Which blood tests and levels need to be checked? Pain lower right side everything comes back norma what to do? Is there an oral medication that is not a "statin' which can be taken for high Cholestrol/Triglycerides? Is it safe to take slow release iron tablets when not anaemic? How soon can the blood test detect if you have genital herpes What could I do to lower bilirubin levels? Please guide me to control my Closterol leverl. In Jan 2013 Total cole was 167, but yester report is 242 with 172 LDL. can i find out if I'm pregnant just 7 days after having sex? My doctor said I was healthy. But then said I may have depression and anxiety but did nothing, what do I do? how long does benzos stay in your system for? Can you have hyperglycemia without being a diabetic? I took two home test was neg still no period was it too soon should i take a blood test Why do some states require doctor's orders for a blood test while others do not? tingling all over sometimes loose 10sec of memory and wet self know nothing of it till after it happens.  I'm 99%sure that I have an ulcer. My Doctors are treating me without urgency. Daily it gets worst. What should I do? last med exam 5 yrs ago this time they did blood work no abdomen or testical exam 67 yrs old do i go elsewhere Do I have to fast before having my thyroid blood work done? is having too much amniotic fluid healthy for an unborn?? What is blood test Baso about? 34 male blood work came back low blood count on red cells, what can this possible be. Was told possible cancer? I had unprotected sex 7/24, I was due for my period on 7/28 and now Its 8/3, I still don't have my period.  will a normal blood test show estrogen levels?  Can an AST level of 55 be due to a significant night of alcohol consumption in the 24 hours preceding the blood draw? My ex and I had a daughter.He lied to me about his herpes. Since he exposed it to me, do I have it even tho he took meds 19 year old female, synthroid .25 for approximately one year and my symptoms are still not alleviating. Why is this? Hurts to take deep breathe, pain around belly button, and pain under ribs.. what is this? What does a high ana blood test mean Is there a blood test to see if you have shingles what blood tests should be run if you suspect anemia? will napoxen tablets give a positive reading on a drug test Had a miscarriage. I bled for six days and since have stopped. My HCG level is at 14. What is going on with me? Why won't this strep infection go away? can gender be determined by a blood test? What does a high sjogren's anti-ss-a and b mean? My bloodwork says possitive for the ANA but not told what that means? Can a blood test detect vitilligo?  how long does it take for an std to show up in a blood test? will marijuana show up in normal blood tests the doctor does? Diagnosed with Celiac disease but not given any care. What is my next step? WHAT R D TEST I SHOULD DONE ? FOR MY 13YRS SON TO FIND OUT THE REASON OF HAVING BP 150/100 PL SUGGEST.. Is fasting absolutely necessary for a blood test to check the thyroid? i have tingling and weakness in my fingers and arm is this nerve damage its from a blood test. what fixes nerve damage How can you determine a high Ferritin Serum level other than a blood test or liver biopsy? I have no insurance. I tested positive for HSV-2 anti-bodies. I have not had an outbreak. Does this mean I have the virus? no period since aug thought I may be pregnant taken many tests past 5 weeks all negative have cramps the past 5 days what if blood tests for gallbladder come back normal showed bad colestrol 186 and plates at 200/ 4 weeks later test bad colestrol 86 and plates at 108 how can that happen I have been sore and achy for months and have had off and on dizzy spells since july,what could be wrong? can certain blood tests reveal gallstones Twenty-four year old daughter losing hair. Tested positive for auto immune, but negative for lupus. Any suggestions? My daughter (9 y) had a blood test, her total choletreol # was 180. what should i do to control and lower her numbers? what is bun/creatinine ratio in blood test? what does the result of 29.1 mean? Does my dog need a blood test before giving him heartworm meds? Can taking the flu shot 15 - 20 minutes before taking blood test result in a higher than normal white blood cell count? I take Percocet EvEryDay for over 10 years...could That effect my liver count to get worse on a blood test Could I be pregnant 7 days late Woke up in the middle of the night with my heart flip floping in circles. Afib or just palpitations? How do you test for Candida in men? Veins are not visible for the blood test, what to do? can marijuana alter a blood test for inflammation I started bleeding when I was to ovulate. We still tried, but am now having clear discharge, but too soon to test @ home the result of blood test, herpes1 is+. how can I know it is oral or gentile while I have no symptoms since I remember. Period problem: has 1-2 days where I don't bleed and then it's back for weeks at a time! Is there a blood test that can be performed for a doctor to determine if your immune system is healthy for vaccinations? My GP had me do a blood test, and 9 months later at my next app, I asked what were the results, he told i was diabetic!! WILL PLANE TRAVEL AFFECT BLOOD TEST RESULTS TAKEN THE NEXT DAY Possibly 2months pregnant but I've drank redline twice. Can that harm my baby?? I'm pretty worried "/ Chlamydia testing procedure My blood test showed my Vitamin B12 is high as i dont take any supplements is this serious?  doctor has told me based on my diet i maybe malnourished, so orded a blood test, but i am phobic and refuse! please help WILL A BLOOD TEST SHOW URINARY INFECTION? will lipid panel blood test reveal increase in white blood cells e-coli in urnine sample but doctor advised not sure if bug or contaiminated what is a BMP test how long to clean blood test for nicotine I have type 2 diabetes. Had blood test and the results are 400 for blood sugar, how serious is that? Any way to reduce the effects of my hyperhydrosis? My 67 year old husband has had exhaustion,aches and congestion for over 2 months.Doctors can't find anything. can a blood test determine if I have had a stroke or seizure? What does it mean when you have a score of 143 for a sodium level on a blood test of a woman age 64 years old? blood test show total potient serum 8.3g/dL. Should I be concerned? Will chewing tobacco show up in a blood test? Why am I so fatigued? normal luteinizing hormone in women hepatitis in a 7 year old girl What does th RDW value mean in a blood test? Any way to reduce the effects of Hyperhydrosis? Any way to reduce the effects of Hyperhydrosis? (I've tried Drysol, and other clinical antiperspirants) Is white blood cell count high on a blood test in early stages of pancreatic cancer? Would a standard blood test by one's internist detect Diabetes? Should I be concerned with the following: EOSINOPHILS,ABSOLUTE at 10 L with a reference range of 15-500 CELLS/MCL?  What does a low SGPT mean (in a blood test)? can a urinary tract infection show an elevated white blood cell count on a blood test what is mch in blood tests Is it possible for TIA's to cause a permanent brain injury? Is fasting required before a Free T3 and T4 blood test? my blood test for belirubin was2.0 I was told the renge should be 0.3-1.2 Do I have cirrisis? what is Neut abs blood test. My husband has a result of 12.03 .  what are the blood tests for hormone imbalance Do I need to fast for a CBC blood test? Injected with measles vaccine eventhough I am immune to measles. Any possible side effects , negative consequences ?  what does it mean when your blood comes out really, really slow when getting blood tests done? what are some causes for blood thickening, causing the need for Coumadin/Lovenox therapy/ What happens when my son has high protein in blood work. Worried mother:( Numb, tingling feeling on left small and ring fingers. Pain at the muscle below the left elbow Pregnant please help I was wondering how accurate an HIV blood test at 7 weeks would be? Mine came back negative; my Doctor said not to worry Is fasting required for a renal function panel blood test? is there a blood test for ebola virus Had a virus 7 days ago that caused elevated blood test results. Feel fine now. Is a beer okay? Orange period blood Does headaches stop when using DHEA Healthy 40 yr old female recent blood test show platelet count of 564. last year count was 477. Should I be worried? My Thyroid level is 4.8. My doctor is going to do more tests. Would this make me hyper or hypo?  Can a man still have erectile dysfunction even if blood tests come back negative and he exercises? My period is 6 days late I have taken 2 hpt and a blood test (all were negative) could I be pregnant? Missed Birthcontrol pills three days in a row  blood work done today in the ER and was told my blood plaelets was 40 and it was low. is there need for any worry??  Priapism Is my test conclusive? does stress cause low zinc levels? 