What should I know about breast reconstruction? How are breast lumps evaluated? Do low-tech methods such as breast self-exam and a doctor's breast exam help detect breast cancer? What could be causing breast soreness after my period if I know I'm not pregnant? I have had breast reduction surgery, but I am developing keloid scars on my breast. What can I do about it? Im 28 weeks pregnant and have small brown patches around my breast. They itch sometimes, dry out, and peel. Any ideas? Is it normal for my breasts to leak during pregnancy? When should a baby be weaned from breast or bottle feeding to a cup? I cant breastfeed because of medications Im taking. Is it safe to accept frozen breast milk from a family member? I never breastfed my four children, and I know I am not pregnant. So why would my breasts be producing milk?  i'm 24 always had a period, after i had my breast reduction i haven't had a period for 5 months is there something wrong Could I be pregnant? I have an embedded Mirena IUD and have had unprotected sex. 62 yrs. old. Having tenderness around my nipple when clothes rub against it; some pain in whole breast. Not pregnant Brown spotting around time i should be starting my eriod. no pms i am not on birth control  How do you know if a lump on your breast that emits white liquid like a zit occasionaly is serious or not? i have a sharp constant pain in my upper left chest area, it feels like a pulled muscle, can i pull a muscle in my lung? What can I do for a teen boy who's breasts are enlarged?  why is that my 10 year daughter is developing breast, and only one of them is coming in? The other one is still FLAT? Reoccuring pain in my mid to upper back and my chest, under my brests. It goes on for hours and hurts to breathe. Help? Can I be pregnant after taking hormones but PG test is negative can women lactate from pms? am i pregnant? how cani enlarge my breast without surgery or creams? why are my breasts leaking? if u miss your period for one month an the next month u get sever cramps with three days bleeding what does that mean Is it possible to go through a second puberty at the age of 26? I have sharp shooting pelvic pains on the right side, and breast tenderness. this is after mestration. Should i worry? I have all the symptoms of hypothyrodisim and it runs in my family but I also have very tender breasts. Is that normal? My nipples feel very tender/sore and if I squeeze them milk comes out...WHY!?! how do i treat excessive gas in a newborn? If I found a lump in my breast, had a biopsy and found it was a benign fibroadenoma, how often should I have it checked? Am I pregnant? I haven't had a period in over a year now. Is it normal to have light bleeding, mild cramping, and tender breast?  How do you firm saggy breast At a massage parlor,had mammary intercourse/bare penis rubbed by breasts. Is this considered safe from STD risks? Teen with breast lump. How do you lift saggy breast up without surgery? Do duck tape lift saggy breast? my breast are swolen and sore. They swell and stay so tender to the touch.Why???  What can I do to help ease chest pain??  Having light/mild chest pains near left brest/armpit? Heart problems at 20? could i be pregnant i am 9 months pregnant and just noticed a white pipmple on my breast what should i do ? what causes breasts in an 8 year old Is it necessary to have a benign breast papilloma removed? What do i do with the lump on my breast and i am a 14 year old? Is there anyway insurance would cover some kind of breast augmentation for rashes under the breast?  What does it mean when my breast is leaking? I have had a hysterectomy 6 years ago.. can someone help me out? tubal ligation 24yrs ago. I am tired,clothes tighter, discharge from breasts, heartburn. moody. Am I pregnant I have a keloid on my chest but don't know what kind it is and want to get rid of it if i am worried about breast cancer because of the pain should i go to the er? do you gain weight in the same places where you lose weight? what causes breast size difference, and can it be corrected without surgery? 1 1/2 difference in cup size. I am a 22 year old male and i dont have facial hairs. Am i normal or am i having low levels of Testosterone? please help!! i had all signs of being pregnant and then i got my period is that normal?? what could it be? i am now 14 days late, i took a test this morning and it was negative. i have 2 month old that has had issues with keeping breast milk and now formula down have done everything doctors say  What is this small, round, solid, slightly red bump between upper arm and breast that's not moveable? I am 60 years old. On my left breast the nipple is sensitive when something rubs against it. What can I do? I would like to increase my male breasts My wife is having stomach pain and bleeding. She says her breasts feel bigger and heavier. She is on the pill. Thoughts?  I am having short poking pains in both breasts off and on. Could this be caused by the bioidentical hormones? I have many symptoms of pregnancy and I think it may be ovulation though. My period was early and light. not usual  Took pills late 2 days in a row after sex with a maybe leaked condom. Chance of pregnancy? Have been on Yaz for 2 years. I have a lump on my chest, lots of pain, and I'm tired all the time. I have a family history of cancer, should I worry? My 14 year old niece has a milky discharge coming from her breast what can be the cause for this if not pregnant? Should I reduce the size of my breast implants or remove them altogether?  I had surgery last week im wondering if im able to take of the abdominalbinder to wash it because it smells? I had protectef sex with my boyfriend on 14 december on ovulation day.my last period on 28 november.i am having breastt I am 18, female. Have had very sharp pain behind my upper-left ribcage surrounding my left breast. What does this mean? can i be pregant while on the depo shot. Does birth control pill reduce breast milk production..? I am 11 days late, 2 tests both NEG. My breasts are very sensitve I am getting upset, One way or another I want answers My nipples have been really sore for the past couple months. The rest of my breast don't hurt. What could cause this? i slipper on ice and laned on myleft palm. ifelt a very heave bend and pressure poke under left breast pain get worse .  Some symptoms of pregnancy but one negative pregnancy test 5 days before missed period. Can I still be pregnant? how do you tell if hot flashes and night sweats are hormone related or from an infection in the body? Sharp temporary cramping under left rib cage? It comes and goes throughout the day. Hurts to breathe. Does tramadol go thru breast milk? I have a cough and I'm alsmost positve its broncitus, because I get it quiet a bit. Recently I experienced swelling. had a xray done found fluid around heart waiting on test to be done but having pains on right side by breast what to do? 19 years old, no menstral for 6 months now, breast are sore, tender to touch, pregnancy test reads negative,whats wrong Am I Pregnant? moderate to severe discomfort beneath my ribs right side. No comfort from sitting, standing or lying down. No pain Why do my breasts hurt and feel and look like they are getting bigger? Is wearing a bra to bed every day bad for your breasts? I have been off my birthcontrol for about a month now and havent had my period could i be pregnant? Can you get pregnant through clothing? My son was born premature/was 6 wk early when can I start giving him cereal/baby food? I have been so emotional the last week and senstive breast but I had period after ovulation date could I be pregnant? pregnancy? or just going crazy? Took Plan B pill, havent had a period in almost two months. Pregnant? Are vitamin E & C good for breast Im having few preg symptons even weight gain and hard stomach 3 neg tests could i still be pregnant? last period 9/05/12 one of my breast was hurting then a couple days later my breast grew twice the size of the other one should i be concern If the mother has a yeast infection on the breast, can it cause oral thrush on the baby? I'm 18 and will soon get breast tissue removed from my armpits. Should I be worried about scarring because I'm so young? pain under right breast, had gallbladder removed years ago, no coughing or fever, usually at night  Is it possible to fall pregnant while taking yasmin? Could I be pregnant? 8 days of birth control, condom, and EC used.  Why do my breasts hurt and leak once a month? my baby girl is eight days old. I noticed some swelling in her breasts today when I bathed her. Is this normal? Why do men have nipples? Im 21 weeks pregnant and i had a sharp pain under my left breast. the deeper i breathe the painful it gets. What is it? spotting before last mentruation.Two weeks before period having increased discharge, swollen tender breasts. pregnant? Could I be pregnant by a not-at-all-deep ejaculation? (period is late by 4 days) I have pregnancy symptoms, including no period. I'm 12 days late. hpt have been negative. What is going on with me? I'm 47 and my left nipple is very painful, I don't have the female parts so not pregn. green discharge? What's going on? I'm breastfeeding and i had to take Mucinex, it dried up my breast milk. What am I supposed to do to produce more milk What could be causing pain in my upper left side under my ribs? What can cause pain in the chest and continiues through the back? Is it possible to be feeling symtoms of pregnancy 5-7 days after ovulation? Implantation bleeding or period?! HELP!! Should a man with large breasts wear a bra? can i give my baby water between breastfeedings? ihave pin like holes in left breast and a lump under my left arm Son is almost 3 weeks, How much breastmilk should I be producing? Do I have Gynecomastia or just puffy nipples?  I am 24 I have periods every 6 mnths if that, my breasts are coned shaped and have not grown since I was 14 why is this? Should a male with enlarged breasts wear a bra? 3-5 months, hot poker stabbing through chest and out shoulder pain, deep breath worsens/spreads, 10-15 mins then gone. I'm 28. Tubes tied a year ago. Period is 3 weeks late. Breasts sore, morning sickness. Could I be pregnant?!? Intermittent bloody blisters, extreme pain, swelling and heat on all extremeties and scalp and under breast? Havent had period since Nov. but have mucus could this be ovulation? also tender breast,stomach pains,trouble breathing Pregnant? Please help! I am a week late for my period but negative pregnancy test. Could I still be pregnant? skin that is raw and smells, under the breast and in the folds of my skin. it burns and red and stays moist Normal period. two weeks later, bad stomach cramps,discharge,tender breasts and started bleeding (never happened before) i feel like someone punched me in my left back rib and sometimes moves to front rib with fluttering. i have no insurance i have a rash under my right breast and i have been useing tac 0.1% and its not helping what could it be  I found a lump on my breast in the spot where my boyfriend bit me, could the lump be in relation to the bite? i think i may be pregnant, ive taken a test at home it came back positive. ? Is it ok to mix breast milk with formula in the same bottle to feed my baby? what would cause upper right chest pain above the breast that goes through to the back? what does it mean when the breast nipple area turns inword I am 35 years old had tubal ligation done almost 3 years ago. I missed my period 10 days late, could I be pregnant? ive taken2 pregnancy test both were negative, ive had nausea,fatigue and breast leaking now. Went off the pill 3wks ago. My breasts are sore everyday and have started releasing a yellowish clear fluid, I am not pregnant, what could this be? what causes a odor under a womans breast? It smells like feet. I have tried everything. Can you become pregnant 3 days before your period? I got my period 2 days ago n started normal symptoms, bleeding light n bloating but no pain My left breast muscle never "shifted" into place. My right breast is fuller because it did. How do I correct? Both my 5 yo ( lt.side) and 8 yo (bilat) girls have red swollen nipples no visable insect bites or break in skin Is it possible to find out that you're pregnant 16 days after sex? my left breast has always been bigger than my right breast but now it seems that it has grown a little more. Is it possible to have pregnancy symptoms on day 17 of a 28 day cycle? Right side of my body is growing faster than left.Started 4m breasts but now all parts effected.Which doc shud I go to? I think I could be pregnant missed a pill when I think I ovulated and have stopped my pills 4 days no period yet.Could I Could I be pregnant? can prenatal vitamins be making my baby gassy? Can pregnancy stop puberty? My left side of my chest hurts, under my ribs when I breathe, laugh, yawn, anything where I take a deep breath. I only have a fever in the evening. I am 32 and slightly overweight. I shake I get so cold during the fever... why is my 7 week old baby vomiting alot in amount after eating Concerned..havent had my period since March 2013, yet my breasts are tender.. I am definitely not pregnant. I have a boil conditon that mainly occurs under my breasts and my pants line I don't know what causes it can anyone help Could I be pregnant while on the Mirena IUD? I have a small brownish colored spot under my right breast, and its been there for awhile. what is it? I'm 14 and everyone at my school has breast I've had my period like 3 years ago so I don't know why I don't have breast iam w/PCOS,doctor gave meYasmin,to balance my hormones.Now on my 2nd.mos.,but felt swelling on my breasts.is it normal? I have had swollen, tender, itchy breasts for approximately a month and a half, what could be the cause? I had sex within the week i started taking birth control can i still get pregnant cuz i feel like i am. A red slightly raised area on my breast, it dose not itch or burn. I just bust two tiny pus bumps, what could this be? Stinging under nipple? I have a lump under my left breast, my breasts are not big at all, or discolored/discharge. I'm 16 years of age Stopped OCP in May. Week and a half late on my period. Having sore breasts which has not happened before. Pregnant? What should I do if I am experiencing pain behind my left breast? Bruise / skin staining? over 9 months after portacath removal Stopped OCP in May. Week and a half late on my period. Having sore breasts which has not happened before. Pregnant? I have all pregnant symptoms but sore breast .Missed my cycle two months in a row could i be prgnant? breast exams is it possible that i am pregnant with breast tenderness, breast itching, nasuea, headaches  big red boils on the areola of breasts errupted on its own leaving open wound. can literally see flesh not healing One breast pains from the nipple along a red curved line. Is it infection, early sign of shingles or cancer? What can cause pain under right breast on my upper ribs for four days with no bruising. It hurts to breath and move.  What are cures for painful breast cysts? Why is my nipple white? i have a lump in my right breast that keeps disappearing and reapearing My doctor gave me a referral to get a breast exam but I cannot afford it? I'm only 22, where can I get it for free? Does Menstruation affect a mammogram? how long will I live with breast to bone cancer I got my period Sept 1st n usual bleeding n bloating. No bleeding until the 6th day. Why? Am i pregnant or is something seriously wrong with me! Please help It's been a week since I had sexso I wanted to know if I might be pregnant ? what causes a burning sharp pain in the left side of your ribs under your breast? could i be pregnant? What causes breast swelling and severe pain in left breast? Rash under breasts from sweating or menopause I cracked a rib. How to heal it without going to a hospital How To Regain My Breast Stiff After Giving Birth To A Boy?  Can you become pregnant with the same symptoms as having your period? I have been having unprotected sex lately and i have PCOS. I normally dont have a period. I have lost about 50 pounds can a breastfeed mother can feed her son when she is bitten by a dog ?? I have the implanon rod and I am experiencing pregnancy symptoms. what is pain under the breast bone in the middle On the Pill. Brown discharge, cramping, sore breasts and bloating. Has anyone had this before? I had a breast cyst aspirated about 8 months ago. It is back and both breasts are very sore.  Why are the very tips of my nipples sore?  burning sensation in breast it feels as though it is coming from inside the breast not the surface not painful annoying my 13 yrs old son has a lump on left breast near the nipple area and it is causing a lot of pain what should i did Why are my breasts growing after a heavy period? is breast milk safe 2 still be producing aftet 2 years I have an 11 year old daughter and it appears that one breast bud has come in. Is this normal? About a week ago my left nipple was very sore, it lasted a few days.Then I noticed it was larger then normal? i am trying to get pregnant i am not late but my breast are soar am i pregnant if you had breast cancer when you where13 can you get it again A round rubbery nodule right under my skin? Small brown spots around breasts? lump in armit and top of breast im late with soar boobs but negative pregnancy test.  why wont doctors do what i ask what if you feel the calcifications in the breast or pea size lumps  I'm cramping like I'm on my period and my bowls seem to make me fill constipated but I'm going could I be pregnant Two periods in one month??? is a bulge that popped out between myrib cage under the left breast a hernia breast sore,leg cramps,weight gain,constapion,heart burn,46 years old took test it was negative any feed back? can you get breast cancer twice in the same breast after masectomy?  Could I be pregnant 7 days late My implanon is expired by 3 months having irregular bleeding and sore breast. Can I become pregnant if its expired? What causes patches of tiny purpley/red spider veins on your breasts?  How does alcohol consumption affect breast milk and baby what could cause sharp pain in my right rib cage when i take a breath or move? I am 48 I have been through menapause since I was 36. I have nipple tenderness and sore breasts for about 2-3 weeks.  Does saw palmento help with breast enhancement? When babies are switching from breast milk to solid foods, is cow's milk neccessary? I am 16 days late for my period and at 14 days late I had a light pink discharge but still no period. Early pregnacncy? Depotshot Depot Could I be pregnant experiencing slight lighter period ending in dark red blood cramping and bloating on last day? weird Hard bump on nipple. Can HPV be passed to a baby through breast feeding? What can I do for scars post breast augmentation What is it when you have pain under your left breast that goes around to your back, with burping and gas? How much should I feed a 5 1/2 month old cereal?? Also how much breastmilk should he be getting in a day??  How much should I feed a 5 1/2 month old cereal?? Also how much breastmilk should i be giving to him in a day? I keep getting cramps/sharp pain randomly in my breasts most often in the left breast and some last longer than others.  Pregnancy after nuvaring? worried age 56 have not had a period in 5 years last week tender breasts and now bloody vaginal discharge and cramping Can a Yeast infection cause a bright Redness from groin past rectum? i had a period nov 1. On Nov 30 i had another period that was about normal as the Nov. 1, but i havent had one since.  I'm in my late 50's and have implants. My right breast hurts when touched in one spot. should I be worried? I am a 25 year old female and yesterday got a sharp pain under my right breast and it goes into my back. What is wrong? 37 year old had tubal done 11 years ago having tender breasts and milky discharge? What is does a bloody discharge from breast indicate? What does a bloody discharge from 1 breast indicate? What is the best thing to do and use to treat a yeast infection under the breast? Thank you... i had a piece of chocolate cake, and my husband asked me why does my breast smells like chocolate? PMS. I feel the symptoms but there is not period blood or brown discharge, what's going on? Could I be pregnant? Are infants still protected against oral herpies by breast milk after 6 months? can hep c be transfered in breast milk my breast's have become very painfull and any pressure on stomach causes extreem pain i found dark spots on breasts....pink in colour at starting and turns into dark...no pain,no icthing.plz help I've had two preg ending in mc. I feel like I might be pregnant. I have had increased sense of smell and been moody am I breast leak pain on my right side of my chest inside my breast when I breath I deal poker for a living  i have lots of moles under my breasts should I have them removed ? I keep. Having outbreaks of red rashes and clusrers of blisters. Mostly on 1side and 1 breast. Rash has many shapes?? What causes nerve pain in breast 6 days late Are estrogen pills good for breast enhancement? i and my bf are virgins..do we can get sti and we involve in smooch and breast sucking and fingering..please help What can I do to relieve my back pain? i am 20yrs unmarried girl, clear discharging from right breast n tenderness is present.. whwt is reason behind this? So I have this hard lump in my breast and I'm not sure what it could be? Im 17 with no breast development or period but do have discharge I have a mole that turned black and the area is red and it has puss it fell off yest.I am hurting it is under my breast why would my breast leak Can you ovulate immediately after your period? My breasts are sore Can a mammogram detect whether a lump found in the breast of a male is fat cells or a tumor? i took a home pregncey test and only the pregnet line came up what does that mean I was in the shower and found a lump in my right breast bleeding from nipple is it cancer can you get aids form breast milk Is it normal to bleed at 4 weeks pregnant Ok, Had unprot. sex took plan b had unprot. Sex again but came on period on time. Week after I've been experiencing pain I had a CT scan for my lung doctor, and was told they seen a mass on the left side of my breast, what could this be? found a hard long lump on the top of breast going toward the arm pit. what can this be? My breast has been itchy, red, swollen, tender and warm. I also have a new lump. Why are my nipples tender? I have one purple nipple. It's acts weird. I am 16 Why am I always hot/perspiring? Can I give my 8 month old pediasure to help with weaning? I am 27 and i had a pomeroy tubal ligation almost five years ago . what are my chances of it failing and pregnancy? I have had a hysterectomy but i took a pregnancy test and it came out positive how is this possible??? Can u still breast feed with yeast on your breast?  I am 30 year old men. i had lumb inside of my both breast since my 15 years old. I am 30 year old male. i having breast tumor around 10 years. msra on the breast I got the mrsa infection from cleaning motel rooms when should I be able to go back to work Can a heat rash under my breasts turn into a yeast infection? After implantation, is it more common to experience no symptoms than it is to experience any? Pain in left breast and left arm bumpy red rash under breast..ITICHY  I am currently 98 days late for my period. 6 negative HPTs. With hormonal symptoms. Could I still be pregnant? my daughter just turned 4 and it looks like she's getting breast buds, is this normal? I got mine at age 6. What is the standard charge for cpt code 19081 what if my breasts havent grown enough during pregnancy? will this affect milk formation? Why does one of my nipples fill with fluid to the point that it is bulging and painful?  Pregnant please help I have had deep dull pain in my back, left shoulder blade towards middle and middle of my chest and below my breasts. 13 year old girl, 9th grade. For the past couple weeks my right breast has small red dots/bumps on it. starting to itch I'm 25 years old I have pain in armpit are near breast where I found a pea size lump. Pain comes and goes. Can a child recover from Scarlet Fever without having antibiotics? im on my second implant implanon its 2 be removed next year for the last 2 weeks been having breast tenderness all over Can I be pregnant? Is it possible to have a yeast infection inside your breast? Why are my breasts bigger at night? 33 yr old husband and I trying to conceive. Having to pee a lot and my breast have been very tender for about 2 weeks.  what do lumps feel like? Could my girlfriend be pregnant? How early is too early for an accurate test? Is spotting after a week late a good sign? numb breast Can you get an std from female breasts with peircing leakage? Is there a safe natuarl male breast enhanchment that is ok to use after having a prostate cancer surgury. Never had sex never had my 1st period but have a feeling of fullness in my lower abdomen I am 34 years old, my doctor has confirmed breast nodules. Should I worry that my dr.ordered both a mamm and ultrasound? I have sharp pain in my left breast. it began with pain under my armpits and then my breast. Can Ulcers Cause Chest Soreness or Pain?  I had a complete hysterectomy in jan of this year i recently started lactating from my breasts is this normal  i want to know i slept on my left breast now it is sore on nipple felt a little knot or lump not sure which one it is. My breasts are always sore and a clear discharge comes out my nipples. Is this normal? is it normal to have benign breast calcification surgically removed? With a clean mammogram 7 months ago, what is the chance of breast cancer with a swollen lymph node and breast mass? Why do my breast nipples stay hard and sore Could I be pregnant? started feeling symptoms b4 i got my period in july and after. took 2 tests and they were + I have symptoms of pregnancy but I haven't had sex in 2 months and still get my period. Should I take a test? Orange period blood I need some pretty immediate answers, please Is it possible my girlfriend is pregnant? what can tender breast and light cramping and spotting mean? is sucking of breast is harmfull ? If you think you may be at Perimenopause stage - when should you see a doctor? My breast are itching like crazy and sore have milk in them havent had a period can this be a sogn of pregnancy Im 14 Years old and just started my period August 1st, 2014. why do i have absouletuly no breast development at all?  why do my breast nipples stay hard and sore Why are my breasts so sore Will the ultrasound tech and radiologist physically touch female patient breast during ultrasound guided needle biopsy why do my breast feel tenderness when I'm gonna start my period. It's been like that for a few months.  Sometimes my breast gets ichty, why is that I have an assymetrical mole on my left breast that is 2 mm in size, should I get it checked? Can stool test be a false negative? I have severe pain in my breasts. Especially around the nipples. I don't know what to do. Could I be Preggo? I have sore breast for 3 week and bad cramps but no period and its due come already. Could I be pregnant? Healthy 40 yr old female recent blood test show platelet count of 564. last year count was 477. Should I be worried? sharp pain under right breast rt side neck pain cough causes instant migrane on rt side normally migranes on lt side what age do breast stop growing I have been having a pain in left nipple on occasion but no discharge. The nipple has become sensitive. Nipple and breast pain could i be pregnant? Can you dislocate a rib? Does the Mirena cause enlarged breasts I have a small knot in my breast. It feels like a pelet. Could this be cancer? Is the Flu Virus transferable through breast milk? burning sensation in breast and water discharge Are there continued problems related to gall bladder removal? why do my breast nipples stay hard and sore? No discharge  why do my breast nipples stay hard and sore What is the average amount of breast milk/formula that a 3 month old baby should be drinking? 2 weeks 2 days late for AF i went to dr for a PT a few days ago and got a - my breast became very sore yesterday.  I have been having a few symptoms of pregnancy. Is there any way I can tell that I am pregnant without doing a test? weight loss and anxity How can I increase milk supply? after returning to work I only puimp 2x daily only get 14 ounces baby's 4 months  what is in or surrounds the breast and wraps around the side that could be hurt by slamming into a door very hard Painful knot in breast cavity. What could it be? Last month i had period twice. This month my breasts are hurting like i am about to start my period again. DOES A BENIGN LUMP IN THE BREAST KEEP GROWING  My fifeteen year old daughter has one breast substantially bigger than the other one bra cup size C and other a D 