Do some medications cause increased bruising? My wife fell. She has bruising on her buttocks and is sore all over. What rub-on pain relief can she use?  How do you know if a lump on your breast that emits white liquid like a zit occasionaly is serious or not? bruise that won't heal on my forhead i have a quarter size lump that itches. it looks like a bruise but i didnt hit my head on anything Pain in left toes that traveled up leg and now my leg feels bruised to touch and knee swells daily and hurts is my wrist broken What could cause a bruise like pain feeling on right ovary before two days before period? i have non painful, non itchy bruise like rash my the arch of my feet. What could it be? My son, 8 years old, has swollen and red hands  bruise is hot to the touch what should I do? Is it necessary to see a doctor if you think you broke a toe? when running i get a pulled vein in my leg .stings to the touch .is this a clot My son 7 fell of bike and his penis is now bruised and little swollen, does he need to be seen?  I have been taking aspirin on a daily bases could this be the reason for my bruises too much aspirin? I have been taking aspirin on a daily bases could this be the reason for my bruises too much aspirin? 12 year old son has lump, pain, and clear fluid(when squeezed) in the right nipple.  What is the safest way to ween yourself off of a low dose aspirin regiment? I know a sudden stop increases clot risks. how to tell if you have fractured bone in hand? 7 year old daughter just wrecked bike and hit the middle bar cuttingt the right side of her labium. should we get xray? What will cause my big toe nail go black? This is my Left to and partial nail is black in the cornor. I woke up this morning with an excruciating pain in my foot. It is painful to touch and is hot to the touch. Not a cramp How long after being hit in TMJ area, should pain be sharp when touching it and opening mouth? Does severe pain at site of minor leg injury (bruised from fall) indicate existing clotting has become a concern? I banged my thumb months ago and have had a black bruise under the nail since then. Why has this not gotten better ? I have varicose veins and i have a vein that has brusied really bad should i be concerned about it. is their any danger Hit in an arm repaired with plates from fractures 10 years ago. It doesn't hurt but aches with weight. Plate damaged? Should I have a follow up on my foot? How do you treat a chipped knee cap (patella) ? Do I need surgery? Xrays confirmed the chip (s).  Had laporscopy surgery 3 weks ago have warmnes in both legs a circle on low belly bruise color -inside skin color help? does vitamin k cream help with purple bruises on hands I was beaten on christmas. I have been experiencing pain in the lower right side of my back when applying pressure on it I have leg sores and diabetes. I am not sure what to do. drop piece of firewood top part of foot,bruised,swell within 2mins top part of my foot with the bruises it has red spots what causes an child's lip to peel? Following a blow to the nose, I have severe pain but no bleeding or bruising. Could my nose be broken? Constant throbbing pain above my right eye socket. What can cause pain on the surface of the kneecap? It is sensitive only to touch or to kneel on, but no other problems. i have bruises and swelling on foot and ankle due to an accident, can I exercise? How do you treat a toddler's bruised penis?? Bruised due to trauma dropping of toilet seat on it what can be done for a 78 year old that has paper thin skin that bruises, injures, cuts, bleeds etc; very easily.  I had sex yesterday and now my penis is bruised and I cant get an erection. Will this heal with time? Had a mole on scalp removed 5 yrs ago. Sometimes have pain, bruised feeling in area. Should I be worried? what can cause one to bruise easily? Fell on stairs a week and a half ago. There is bruising and soreness, and pain on tailbone. Could I have fractured it? Why do I bruise so easily lately? I don't recall bumping into anything but I still find bruises, this week I'm up to 4. Can head lice cause bumps, bruising, and/or pain in the area where they feed? I hit my head on a machine about a month ago and it swell up and went down within days. Bruise still there. No Pain. Jammed my third toe and have a HUGE bruise on foot around toe and the toe is swollen, excruciatingly painful AND shorter My 12 yr old son has multiple bruises on his left leg only and doesn't recall bumping into anything. What should I do? 4 years ago I twisted my ankle when hiking . I heard a snap but didn't go to dr. Now it is hurting again. Not swollen. i feel like someone punched me in my left back rib and sometimes moves to front rib with fluttering. i have no insurance 8 mts ago I dislocated and broke a finger at the knuckle. It's still painful sometimes, feels like it's a big bruise I found a lump on my breast in the spot where my boyfriend bit me, could the lump be in relation to the bite? why does my tailbone hurt while setting and gets worse when I stand up to the point it takes my breath.  I have a small bump under my eye above the jaw line and some puffiness under the eye that is causing mild pain.any Idea? Is bruising on diff locations ie: legs,arms now chest cause for concern? I do not take blood thinners didn't bump area. When should I be concerned about a strange bruise? My back hurts; I dance and have 'swayback'; now I have bruising in my lower and middle back. What causes this? what does purpura look like Swollen belly I run, while running I have had a pain on the top of my foot behind the fourth toe, a bruise shows up the next day??. What is soft tissue damage and how is it treated? Is it possible to sit and walk with a hip fracture from a fall? I have a perfectly round perfect circle bruise on my arm, size of a nickel, sont know what could have caused it Fell from a tree and experiencing back pain and cannot put weight on one leg, is it bruised or broken? can a head injury cause autism? What can cause pain under right breast on my upper ribs for four days with no bruising. It hurts to breath and move.  what type of insect or spider bite would cause bruising HOw can I speed the healing of a bruise on my inner forarm? what does it mean if you don't bruise? I have a bruised bone from a car accident I was in more than 10 years ago. How long-term are these injuries typically? On 8/11 I hit my coccyx really hard on a rock and it still hurts. Should I be concerned? what causes a shooting pain the brain? I am in my first trimester and ate an unwashed piece of cantaloupe. How serious is the risk of listeria from this food? Why won't this strep infection go away? Weird bruises that start to bleed is there such a thing as a bruised appendix? insect bite with swelling and bruising I have a dark mark on my nose from popping black heads, it sort of feels like a bruise. How can I make it go away? How can I tell whether I have bruised my tibia or have a hairline fracture (minus an x-ray)? For the past five months, I have had multiple bruises appearing on my body yet there has been no physical trauma. Dull throbing pain in testicles, off and on but getting worse. Possiinly related to racquetball injury months ago. My son hit his head lastFriday and had a large knot on his head. The bruise and a small knot is still there Is this ok? Last night I developed a slight pain in my upper, inner, right thigh - like a bruise feeling but no redness or numbness. I have pain in my upper, inner, right thigh. It feels like bruising, but no redness or swelling. Could it be DVT? I had a vas'y 2 weeks ago, my left testicle is still swollen, along with the left side of my groin. Is this common? small bruise on side of finger next to cuticle has been there 4yrs started bleeding wont heal. male 20 y.o. Playing basketball and fell on left hand, very painful yet no bruising or swelling. Please help Knee shifted inward while running. Help me please..!? Painful!! Can't bend or straighten it. Does cuts or bruises on the virgina cause headaches nd back pains bruising much easier than before, with little contact. 17 y.o. female. please help!  What is going on with my gums? I have a small bruise on my lower leg, above the ankle, warm to touch and is swollen only where bruise is. Sudden onset of pain, swelling and bruising in a knuckle on my hand. Tender to the touch. No injury; Some joint pain. Thumb is discolored and swelled. Very painful to touch or put in warm water. It turns black when I put it in warm water. Bruise that won't go away, dizziness, and sleepy How long should it take to heal from a deep thigh bruise. If elderly person falls and is on Warfarin with some bruising on buttocks and elbows should we have her checked rolled my ankle and it was swollen for two days and very bruised, is it a sprain or broken? I fell and hit my leg right below my knee. No swelling or bruising. Very painful if it is bumped. What could this be? Why do I bruise so easily? What can I do about it? my testicles started hurting with no trauma to them. Could this be a hernia? I usually bruise easily and quickly. I hit my knee very hard and it took 5days for the bruise to show up. Why so long? Busted hand 5 mths ago. Swelled and bruised from knuckles to wrist. X-ray showed no breaks or fractures. Still hurts. Fell on knee. 1" petruding bump, or bulge just below knee cap. 2 weeks ago. mild pain. bad bruise? I wore Sketchers for days in a row and developed a bruise on leg (shin) and it hurts to touch (going on 1 month). My daughter has bruises on her leg from softball that will not go away that are 9 months old. What can we do? bruised shin, numbness and indent on 13 yr old. should we follow up with primary care physician I have blood in the eye along with a bruise and slight swelling. I woke up two days ago with this. Blood in eye with bruising and slight swelling. Woke up 2 days ago with this. Now having headache.See a Dr or let it be? I bruise easily or for no reason. Why is this? I have a lump that looks like a bruise, but it is filled with blood.it bleeds and will not heal. It on my butt/thigh. Bruised left testicle I hit my ankle on the car after falling off the curb and twist it. Inhaling saliva by accident down windpipe, causing wheezing and no air coming in or out, tears rolling down face...? Is it possible to have broken a shinbone without experiencing a major event or pain? My nose swelled up and began bruising, when will the swelling go down? I fell down stairs and bruised my hip/thigh on Tuesday. Today the foot on that leg is swollen. Should I see Dr? mid-back pain with activity, large bruise-like discoloration (4-5" diameter) to the left of my spine mid back over 1yr. Tip of middle toe clicks and is loose. Could it be dislocated? I've had a bruise for at least two months and it still hasn't healed. Could it be skin cancer? Why would I have bruises in my crack During sex I bent my penis, ouch. There was no pop and was able to finish. Since then my penis has been sore no bruising Got a bite that started to swell to about 2 inch, then after a day started to bruise/discolor starting from the oustide. Should I go in to a doctor? What bug did this? Referred to urologist for enlarged prostate and bladder issues. Now I noticed bruises in the bladder area. Is a CT scan indicated on an 84 year old male, on blood thinners, with a TBI? MD did not do one. Dad died. Law suit? I fell and hurt my tail bone while hiking. Could this be bruised or fractured? Boyfriends thigh cramped, bruised and swelled up huge. Cat scan, ultrasound done, no diagnosis. ??? Whole thigh bruised. I was bit by an insect on my calf but I don't know what bit me and whether or not I should be concerned. I fell on my elbow is it broke or bruised is bruiseing of the penis and testicle normal after surgery Did I fracture my tailbone?? my husband felland he is alright but has a nasty bruise on his forearm do we put heat or cold on it? Do I need to get medical treatment for a broken big toe? small sore lump near temple Can I tattoo over a port wine stain? broken toe versus sprained toe Having discomfort right lower back deep and urine is normal, should I see the DR.? what is the test fot blood clots in legs I bruise very easly what kind of supplements could I take to help prevent brusing? fell on my leg a week ago and it's still bruised and swollen a week later my 8 yr old daughter hit her chin on her chest during gymnastics saturday.  Son has a Bruised back and is Vomiting after being tackle on Friday while playing football what should I do ? Can you put nail polish on a bruised finger nail? Everytime I shave I get painful sores pricked by nail, slight swelling and bruising, arm aches. any ideas? Penis swollen in area just under head. Dark spot in middle like a bruise. Tender to touch urinating is normal. How long should swelling last on a broken bone? can peripheral neuropathy and bipolar be related bruises, My bruising is getting worse. is hiccups a symptoms of any cancer type Sudden onset of pain, swelling and bruising in a knuckle on my hand. Tender to the touch. No injury; Some joint pain. 