What's the difference between the fat-burning mode and the cardio mode on the machines at the gym? I am pregnant and have terrible heartburn. Is there anything I can do to get relief? What are the symptoms of acid reflux disease? What can I eat at a cookout that won't give me heartburn? Are there any specific diets for acid reflux? I have tried Aloe for sunburn, but it doesn't seem to help. Can I use Burow's solution or aspirin? Is it okay to put ice on a burn; what about butter or mayonnaise? How do I choose an over-the-counter heartburn medication? Could my vitamins be making my heartburn or GERD worse? Are there alternative solutions for heartburn like phenol (ph) oil or baking soda? Are there any heartburn medications that are safe to take during pregnancy? I burnt my finger. It is a second-degree burn. The only thing that helps is constant ice. What else I can put on it? I have a burn on my hand and a slight red line that goes past my wrist. Is antibiotic salve enough to prevent infection? I burned my hand with hot water and its starting to blister. Are there any at-home things I can do to promote healing? I had my teeth whitened (not by a dentist) and received burns to my lips inside and out. What can I take for the pain? I have a bad burn on my hand. I am using antibiotic cream and keeping it clean. Do I keep it covered or uncovered? I have serious heartburn several times a day. Baking soda in a little water gives me fast relief. Is this harmful?  I need a home remedy for heartburn. Can you take acid reflux medicine and probiotics together? Ive had heartburn for three days, cannot eat or drink anything without severe pain. Nothing works. What do you suggest? Is Pepcid AC a heartburn remedy? I take four ibuprofen a day and I have bad heartburn. Could it be the ibuprofen? Does drinking coffee make heartburn worse or can it help? What about popsicles? I have GERD and take Prevacid. My symptoms have exacerbated since taking a vitamin D prescription. Is that common? How do I know when a burn is serious enough to see a dermatologist? A new mole appeared on my back. It itches and burns, is grayish and the size of a pencil eraser. Is this skin cancer? Can having had infant GERD cause complications while pregnant? Does cardio equipment accurately calculate the number of calories you have burned? I have acid reflux and cannot eat tomato products. Is there another food effective for preventing prostate cancer? What exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease GERD? Can I mix Aciphex with Mylanta to help with heartburn symptoms? How long do you recommend staying on a proton pump inhibitor for GERD? After going through chemotherapy for five years, I now experience burning in my mouth. How can relieve these symptoms? How do I treat a burn? My daughter is taking Geodon, trazadone, and propranolol. Is it safe to give her Zantac for occasional heartburn?  My warts are almost the size of my nails. Can they be removed without using freezing, burning, or surgical methods?  How do I know when a burn is serious enough to see a dermatologist?  How do you treat a burn? What home remedies do not work for treating sunburn? does heart burn cause increased heart rate? i recently burned my upper thigh really bad. now it's itching. it's keeping me up at night. how can i stop the itching? Is heartburn associated with ischemia?  swollen ear,loss if hearing,yesterday hurt when touched,tody gotten a lilttle better,still cant hear.scabe in ear too Had a mole removed an now its red an very itchy What can I do to relieve burning eyes from a welding burn? How often should a person have an endoscopy? Had one 18 mo. ago --showed Gerds. Still have some heartburn. Vaginal redness and irritation without discharge A few times a week when eating, food seems to get stuck part way down. Don't normally have heartburn. What could it be? My right eye started bothering me today, with a burning sensation. Took contact out, no help. Still blurry with glasses. can you use egg whites on a burn? Can camphor phenique cream applied to the eye ball damage the eye ball? warts on hands, tried home remedies, o/c med, derm. burned off, removed by surgeon and imiquimod. back and spreading mor how many calories does 100 times skipping burn I got 3rd degree chemical burns on my leg, now it is doing something strange, why? Why do I vomit when I brush my teeth? Burn to inside of forearm 4 days ago from hot curling iron. Been treating with Silver Sulfadiazine. Still oozing-wet. why do doctors call it heartburn if it has nothing to do with the heart? I have pimple like spots on my labia? One popped and had a mucousy discharge any idea what this may be? After laproscopic surgery should I be having sharp burning pains and also chest pains? Reocurring foot swelling, redness, and itching? I WAS PRESCRIBED AMOXICICILLIN FOR A FOOT INFECTION. I NOW HAVE A VAGINAL BURNING AND ITCH. SIDE EFFECT?  I'm feel a constant desire to urinate, no fever, no pain and no burning or discomfort. What could be happening? could vericose veins cause me to wake with an intense burning sensation in that area most of my bowel movements are hard pebbles most of the time i use a rubber glove on my hand to get the stool out why Why am I having stinky, white, thick vaginal discharge around the time of my period? Without any burning or itching? How do you treat a burn from a heater? What are these boil type things on my skin and now leaving trails of germs everywhere. Even in my mouth. I get this "smell" ever so often when i breathe.  68 years old,what make vagina burning The last time I had sex its hurt more then is use to and after i found three white bumps what could this mean What do I do about flashes of pain in my hips and legs? Most noticeable at night. Severe enough to keep me awake. do anti psychotic pills work for anxiety I've taken numerous prescription antacids for GERD for 2 years, but nothing seems to work. Any recommendations? painful mole or skin tag burns constantly Do you know what I could have or best thing to fix this diarrhea that I have had for days now? do i have acid reflux disease? What can cause burning in my thighs when I dance or climb my stairs? It also causes fatigue in my thighs. Would like to hear more about Post-Polio Syvdrome. Do you have more info? 8 wks post-hemorrhoidectomy. knife-like pain on B.M., too frequent B.M., anemic-still blood in stool,on good diet/fiber I seem to have had an alergic reation to hair color. My scalp is red and burning. What can I do to relieve this? HUSBAND HAS SWELLING IN HIS ENTIRE LEGS AND HANDS AND HAS PAIN AND SEE BELOW. Recently both eyes sting and burn all day. Extremely dry. Must blink hard non stop. Extreme discomfort Is aloe extract from the leaf good to reduce heart burn? what is calorie deficit? Sharp pain above right nipple, frequent heartburn, and a clogged feeling in throat... is this an ulcer? What would cause your skin all over to be red and burn. It feels like it's on fire. I was recently diagnosed with an inner ear infection with a perforated ear drum and an aspergillus infection. my wife had rash in her upper part of vagina. was seen after the intercourse.looks the rash occured due to intercourse I burned my arm several days ago. The top layer of skin came off when I showered. What should I put on it? Stray dog licked hand, do I need a shot Can drinking a lot of hot water cause diarreah? Why does my bum burn when I go pee? having constant feeling like there is food in my throat, heartburn gotten worse, and i have thownup. hiatal hernia? Very bad stomach pain in the mornings. my tubes been tied, cut, burn for 13 years can I get pregnant? Diagnosis? had a UTI and now experience pressure above the anus and testes and ejaculation does not feel same For the past week, I have been feeling weird sensations in my vaginia. It feels like I have to pee even though i don't. Pain on urination, blood on toilet tissue, itchy - not uti, chlamydia, gonorrhea, yeast infection, and ultrasound good ? sudden red, tender, painful, and peeling skin around nose and upper lip. this is the only place it occurs on my body.  Body turns bright red and burning sensation then sever itching as fast it comes on it goes away but may linger  To loss weight do you have to burn more calories than you eat a day? Or do you still have to have 1200 unburned calories heartburn and mild burping (Only symptoms) for a week non stop Ive tryed zantac 150 gasx alka seltzer nothing has worked have pain that comess and goes right under my ribcage on the right side kinda like heart burn but wrong place any ideas? I have a mouth ulcer and sore throat My seventeen year old daughters skin is burning up, body aches with no fever, what does this mean? could my eyes seeing silver have anything to do with burning toes? they seem to come at same time During high intensity workouts, my chest has a sharp pain, after rest for a few minutes it goes away. Is this bad? My grandfather has been laid up with a foot problem: Burning, aches, body-wracking pain, has been going on for 20 days. Does semen get infected and cause buring sensation when you urinate? does acid reflux cause you to constantly clear your throat of what feels like mucus? Does burning more calories than taking in have a negative effect on weight loss? my heart races faster than i can count. I get very dizzy cant see. My chest hurts and burns. this last for 5- 10 min  is a urinary trac infection transferable female to male during sexual intercourse I have had burning, swelling and itching of my labia minora on the left side near the vaginal opening. When I walk to work, I get a burning pain in my chest, like swallowing a hot potatoes.I am a smoker. What can this be?  Over the counter medicine to resolve stomach pain from acid reflux? my wife weighs 242lbs, she only eats about 1500 calories a day and excercises. why can't she lose weight? Skin color single bump on my penis leaks clear. HIV it came back neg. What could this be? Does not itch or burn. I have a burning sensation in my face, neck, and ears that comes and goes. What could be causing this? what can cause buring of the labia minora i am a 31 yr old female, i have burning pain in my lower center abdomen. What can it be? Should I use diflucan since burning and itching fromusing monistat is unbearable can pain cause a fever I have arm and shoulder pain, also tingling. I have loss strengh and loss of motoin in left arm. what could this be? I've acid reflux and wanting to know what foods to eat, I know what not to intake, but what would be the select foods? How many calories are burned when swimming a mile? Instant relief/ solution to chest pain and acute heartburn? Doubled over in pain- what really works? Need help asap i have a burning and swelling of my vaginal lips and it hurts what is the cause and is there anything i can put on it if you have sores on the base of his penis and it burned to pee would you say it is an allergic reaction? This is day 5 of my illness with no improvement. I've lost five pounds in 4 days. What should I do? Bleach was put in my eyes over a year and a half ago. My eyes still burn. Is there anything that can be done for them. Is it normal to bleed a lot during sex for the first time? Now it burns whenever I pee. Ache in the right back side of head , 3 weeks. When I breathe through my mouth, don't feel it at all, only through nose. Once you get high blood fat, can you do anything to burn it. Why would you have triglycerides at 2000 yes 2000 range? Intermittent bloody blisters, extreme pain, swelling and heat on all extremeties and scalp and under breast? does a chronic sore throat cause difficulty swallowing or throat spasms? Is this Balantis on my penis? skin that is raw and smells, under the breast and in the folds of my skin. it burns and red and stays moist i have been having a swelling type of feeling in my throat.i can eat,drink and breath ok.what could be causeing it??? I have strep throat, but when I put anything in my mouth, even water, it burns. Is that normal with strep? Fever when no signs are obvious? it burns a bit and there is a white milky fluid when i urinate from my penis What could this be? Pain and burning starting in the feet and going up body all the way to back of neck.(feet,groin,neck I am 21, I have a foot and ankle that is swollen. It been swollen every since 2007 and never went down. HELP ME PLEASE! What causes a burning pain in the inside of my left knee? Rash and blister after tick bite, should I see a doctor? can i use sulfameth/trimethoprim to cure a bacterial vaginosis infection? noticed a rash on my butt, most receded next day except two now-scabs which have not hurt/itched at all. is this herpes? pain in the urethra burning any sugguestions not UTI Tip of the penis is itchy, pain during urination and it feels as if it is leaking but no pus. How to cure the so called "Burning Lip Syndrome"? Only continuous application of eletone slightly relieves it How many calories on average does donating plasma burn? I have thick yellow discharge, it does not have an odor and I do not have any other symptoms. What could it be? I have ONE pimple like blister near perianum. it is not red or blisterish. Could this be GH? I have a sunburn on my back, but this time it itched to the extreme and want to know why. my eyes are red burning sensation and there swollen and red. tryed allerga with no help? i have had reactions to both niacin and statins to control my colesterol. and suggestion? have herpes why when i try to go to sleep does the area have a fire burning feeling just discomfort til then 10 yr. old son--blood-shot eye (right eye on outside) for almost 3 weeks. No other issues. Is it time to see the doctor? is it natural for my peepee to burn Is it safe to go to the beach when ur skin is pealing from sunburn? why do i get acid reflux 2 hours after eating How can I cure Acid Reflux? Can burning a nerve help relieve nerve pain? I am experiencing a burning sensation in my chest that will not go away? It is moderate in the center of my chest only? what does it mean when i have a slight burning sensation when i urinate and i have a white discharge that looks like cum I have eye pain and redness but no drainage. What is this? Everybody tells me a sunburn turns into a tan. Is this true? I have a spot on my leg that is leaking a clear fluid. No cut or anything prior to the leaking starting. Could I Possibly Be Pregnant? Could I possibly be pregnant? 21 years old, masturbate 1-2 times a day regularly. Had a possible UTI, now ejaculating less. Retrograde ejaculation? For about 8 years pain and discomfort after bowel movements and while sitting. Seems swollen and bumpy around rectalarea what causes burning on soles of (both) feet? When having sex i feel the need to pee, i get up and go but still feel the pressure that i have to go. Shiny Red sores on outer Labia (line running from top to bottom), had for 3 years - now 17 Yrs old. I was told by a dermatologist to use a milk soaked washcloth applied to my sunburn area for relief and healing My tongue hurts real bad. It's. Swollen,cracked, the edges top and bottom has a burning feeling Can't. Eat, drink ect. 2nd Degree Sunburn with Large open blister, how do I treat this at home? Had pox in my 30's, now 43 and have something similar.Not localized in one patch. Can shingles be more spread out? I just had a jet black poop, could this be from drinking a lot of beer, I feel fine right now? Is it safe to take calcium carbonate 500 mg every day for acid reflux? sevear lower left abdomin pain almost groin. Started 48 hrs ago. pain increasingly getting worse. Is it a good idea to run again after still feeling wheezy lungs and cough from yesterday's run? The skin on my upper arms is red like sunburn but it is permanent. When I mow grass, I develope an itchy "hive like" rash on hips/thighs. lasts 2 days. am I alergic to grass? What can do? how can I relieve anal burning from diarrhea? Is it possible to have too few calories in a day? why does my vagina itch and have a yellowish discharge, it burn when i pee or have sex  How many cups of food should a woman eat in a meal? What would cause increased headaches only after eating?  What does it mean when I have vaginal milky white fluid as well as a burning sensation and constant need to urinate? Could pain thought to be kidney stones actually be shingles now that burning rash has appeared or could I have both? A red slightly raised area on my breast, it dose not itch or burn. I just bust two tiny pus bumps, what could this be? how to treat a peeling sunburn will xanax help with my stress my eyes burn and water when i shut them and when im standing in the sun and the only way to relive them is to stand Bf said he had dishcharge from his penis and a slight burning sensation. These symptoms stoped after 1 week. What is it? Does apple cider vinegar works for GERD? If my perideum is ripped will it burn to pee? treatment for household cleaning product allergies can i treat 2nd degree sunburn on my childs face with vinegar?  I had sex about 12 hours ago and I'm noticing a small patch of skin with redness, in blotches, but no pain nor pus Sunburn Does ice cold drinks affect gerds? Hurts to take deep breathe, pain around belly button, and pain under ribs.. what is this? In my period, it burns when I use the bathroom, the pain is severe and I normally can't do anything till it goes away. There are large blistrers on the ankles and behind the knees.  I have mono and my kidneys are swolled and in so much pain. are they even my kidneys? Is milk good for bleeding ulcers? Is there a blood test to see if you have shingles I am uncircumcised and due to frequent masturbation I have chronic pain, burning, tingling in the forsksin area.  Can heartburn cause uric acid How can so little damage or so little of something cause mortality? will a cortisone shot cause indigestion or heartburn? i had yeast infection doctor gave me pill it didnt work i used monasat 7 i am still in pain and discharge can it be std I accidently burned a birthmark on my face with a curling iron. What are the risks associated with this? I burned my arm with steam. It didn't hurt until now witch is two days later. What else besides aloe should I be using Why is roof of mouth and nostril painful? what causes a burning sharp pain in the left side of your ribs under your breast? I was vaccinated about a year ago but cough sounds like whooping cough and it has been going on for 2 and a half weeks Frequent, soft, yellow, stool? Vaginal discharge that appears white on underwear but is yellowish on tissue, itching, burning, general discomfort,help? strong smelling urine brown vag discharge after hysterectomy, and post mennopausal Can Flagyl cause yeast infections? Bumps on vagina, what is it???? For the past 4 months, I have been getting mid to upper back 'burning' pain after eating. Any clues? why do i not register a temperature when im sick and burning up? After using scented soap. I now have clear odorless discharge and a slight itchin my vaginal region am I allergic? can acid reflux cause sleepless nights and disruptive breathing and constant burping?  burning sensation in breast it feels as though it is coming from inside the breast not the surface not painful annoying red burning itching circular bite on dorsal thigh. Now is a 10 inch red circle. If a candida yeast infection starts scabbing and begins to leak is this a sign the yeast is dying? Why do I feel a burning sensation in my mouth when I have oral sex with my girlfriend?  55 year old male. After bending all day at work, get burning and itching in groin. No swelling or lumps. I have Endo and I.C. I had a Hysterectomy 12 years ago I'm in alot of pain to the point of tears Any possibility of melanoma being contagious? well i got nail polish remover in my eye it burned slightly for a few seconds and will it effect my vision ? i need to reduce my weight wts the food which i have to take to burn my calories soon Laundry list of symptoms and only 19. my eyes are red, watery and burning. what can I do to cure that? I'm thirteen weeks pregnant and seeing blood in my urine I have no pain or burning sensation what could be  What other than a yeast infection could it be if the medicine doesn't work and more symptoms start occuring? left thigh leg pain from roller derby It burns or feels like a dull pain at the end of urinating. Is this an infection or STD? I'm with a new partner.... Itchy dry foreskin on circumcised male. Circumcised and foreskin is very itchy my heart pounds at night, my ears burn and head pressure all the time and i feel dizzy most the time, had for 5 weeks my 2yr old son burned his leg with hotwater it started to blister can I treat this at home or I take him to the ER? burning tongue syndrome, what cures it, it hurts all the time What is treatment for Orchitis? Can ginger tea help with heartburn burning testicles but no burning urine or sensitivity on head of penis My husband says his stomach is burning why? Pregnant and experiencing Shingles-like rash and side abdominal pain. Am I making a mistake by trying to wait this out? Burning pain at tip of penis when urinating. wake up in middle of night unable to talk swallow hard to breathe burning in throat coughing, goes away quickly I'm having a skin problem on my chest and back from a long time.  Can a Yeast infection cause a bright Redness from groin past rectum? what to do if you aspirate stomach acid I had my tubes tied,cut and burned can that be reversed I have anal warts(hpv). They ar very painful, bleeding and burning. Hurts to go to the bathroom. What should i do? how many calories does walking 1 mile burn Whenever i eat i get nauseas and heartburn, even the littlest amounts make me sick, what can it be from? Is Melatonin a dietary supplement for acid reflux? I recently had oral sex with my boyfriend while he had a cold sore. Could I have contracted genital herpes from him? Genital herpes or vaginal pimples ? Burning tongue, lips, what are these sores on my tongue that are spreading? what can cause numbness to the tip of the palmer side of the left thumb with burning down anterior aspect of arm I have had Pain and tingling on the left side of the middle of my back and the MRI was normal. whats causing this pain? HSV 2 tested negative 2 yrs ago I am not sexually active in any way is there any posibility it will test positive now I have an itch in my vagina with no discharge, burning, or smell. It does not match any symptoms I see listed.  I hit the side of my head will I be alright? PAIN ONLY WHEN I URINATE. FEELS LIKE RAZOR BLADES WHEN I GO.FEELS LIKE SOMETHING INSIDE MY SHAFT. NO DISCHARGE.  I've been regretfully a porn addict. From grade school till now. I'm 22. I have a burning sensation after ejaculation.  why do high fiber foods give me indigestion I have two protruding areas just above my penis about the size of a large grape...they hurt and burn will nausea from alpha lipoic acid decrease with use Using ice cutter to cut though 7" thick ice. I slammed I cutter on the ground and now my hand have no feeling in it. I am very sick and i would like to know why do my eyes burn when i am sick? Vaginal burning with no discharge or smell Frequent Urination without pain or burning sensation. Experiencing Urination problem mostly during day times. What does it mean when eyes burn, feel like I have to close them all the time and I don't feel rested without 10+ sleep? big toe has red burning skin around top of nail Metronidazole vaginal treatment is numbness around fractured tailbone normal when i am lightly touched i feel skin discomfort, and a sort of burning pain. Do I have a yeast infection? i popped my radiator cap too early. burned my hand badly. how effective is aloe vera and how should i wrap it? neuropathy can you get a burning sensation from tennis elbow My vagina is really red and burning. The doctor did a physical exam and diagnosed it as vaginitis.  What are some causes of upper right abdominal burning pain What may be the cause of my left calf muscle to burn when I walk. I do sit for hours at work. ive had high blood pressure all day, felt like ive had heart burn and a headache,  Does the sore always come back in the same place, or can it occur inside the vagina too? what can you do for 2 degree burn from hot liquid?Soup. painful time urinating ,light blood came from vag.4th time peed,chunky discharge from vag. is it carpel tunnel ? Small amount of blood in stool today noticed alot on tissue, have a dr appt next week should I go to dr sooner or E.R? I have a light red sometimes purpleish rash on the shaft of my penis. I have tried using cortizone and a Lamisil Atf. I am 50yrs had a hysterectomy about 12yrs and now for the first time started bleeding and burning. what could that mean? Boyfriend has unusual signs of an std. What is the problem? Pink Discharge, Irritated Vagina, Itchy, Uncomfortable chest pains Are my kidneys functioning properly? What can cause burning while you pee if your doctor already ruled out any type of infection? Red Spots on Penis which looks like tiny pimples. I went to a dermat who recoed me some antibiotics and steriod creams. Terrible itching with rabeprazole what causes cialis to give me heartburn What causes leg burning after a fall My breast has been itchy, red, swollen, tender and warm. I also have a new lump. why does ginger root tea burn my throat can ibs cause burning and knots in stomach Why does my skin burn when I sweat? Can taking Biotin cause yeast infections? I have a burning sensation in my upper right abdominal traveling the right side of my esophgas into my right jaw area. I have been diagnosed with low risk prostate cancer. My symptoms have changed. What are your recommendations? I have diarrhea for 5 days now, multiple times like over 15 times a day what should I do, Now its obvisouisly burning Does injected insulin cause burning and itching all over body especially legs and hips and what can be done about it? Had nissen operation 1 year ago having vilant loose stools have tried eating fiber diets metamusil probiotics whats up? does getting sunburn while pregnant hurt the baby Can birth control pills cause MAJOR dryness, burning? tested - no other infections and no others changes to soaps etc Can't sleep at night because my legs feel like they're still going. Constant twitching, burning and aching? Pain starts in neck then burns shoulder and down arms please help what can i do to reduce the pain  I used Dove bar soap for to wash with for about a week and now I have irritated and itching bumps in my vagina Lump right under jaw about quarter in size showed up hr ago and is growing painfull n soft part of neck Urine looks the same but smells different? Std? sun burn, how do you treat facial sun burn with diabetic complications and can't use steroids Small white dots on inside of uretha of penis What is a yeast-like infection prior to menstrating? gas pains My vaginal discharge is yellow,without odor or itching.I am virgin and I take Yasmin for my PCOD.what is my problem? How do I treat a blistering sunburn  Friends daughter drank pipe cleaner chemically burning her throat what is best course of treatment? does the pain with the appendix have a burning sensation?  Hello, I'm 14 and I'm a virgin. I didn't have my period this past month. I also have a yeast infection. What's going on? I have sharp burning pain in my right buttock. I can't sit for long periods of time. Blood in urine, severe burning and very little urine when urininating even though feel have to go bad. Swollen upper eyelid on the right side of my right eye. No itching, burning, discharge, redness. Its just swollen.  Burn from boiling water. How would one treat this? My boyfriend has a rash on his arm that is spreading that is itchy and burning? What could it be? Where can you buy zinc oxide to put on your nose to prevent sunburn I have white film, red tip tongue which is burning and very sore whole mouth hurts into throat do I need to see dr? im 40yrs old.ive missed 2 straight periods.ive never been regluar.i have no symtoms of menopause..... how many calories do you burn passing a bowel movement? I'm a teenager exploring her body with masturbation but I can't find the cliortis. Raised brown mole on shaft of penis Im on triquilar for 2 months and ive been having unprotected sex with my fianc and we're both healthy I have had a recurring bump on the shaft of my penis for a little over a year. Its red but doesnt hurt. What could it be My vagina is dryer than before so its burning me after sex. Wat should i do to let it be like before? im on the pill. my menstrual cycle has lasted for 3 months and still going. I also have large blood clots urinary tract infection, rash, burning urine what could possible cause a scab/sore formation on the lower left hands side of the testicle Bizzare reddish-purple sunburn with spotting on leg Injured finger,sliced open,6 stitches. Cleaning properly and bandaged. Fingertip is burning,throbbing? Is this normal? when you have a yeast infection, for relief can you use miconazole nitrate cream (2%) and vagisil maximum strength? I started getting bumps around the shaft of my penis after shaving about 2 months ago unlike razor burn. What are they? Urinary Tract Infection with Amoxicillin Non-Chlamydia/Gonorrhea caused penile discharge. I've taken antibiotics 3 times. Symptoms go away then return in 3 weeks Vaginal blisters near the opening of my vagina that are in a linear line, whitsh in color. No burning, itching or pain. what causes hives all over, when nothing new has changed? What does an excessive amount of vaginal discharge mean? I have a small circle on my penis that looks like A scar. I have only been with 1 girl and I was her only sexual partner Fractured my ankle this week and have it in a boot. It hurts and is red and has a burning sensation. Is this normal? no peroid in two months. occasional spotting. Burning sensation. defintely not pregnant. Got food pois. 5 days ago. So bloated and stomach has been burning ever since. Diff. to eat anything. Thoughts? Afraid I may have Colon Cancer? I hit my "funny bone" at work. since I hit it, when I use it, it burns. could I have chipped a bone? What can cause a burning sensation to appear suddenly on the soles of the feet and turn into fiery pain on standing up? I had IRC, only one small hemmorroid left, but still having severe pain (burning) following most BM. What could it be? how does peppers help to burn fat what if it doesnt burn to urinate it feels like it is stuck is that still a uti burning sensation in breast and water discharge What types of relief can I use for vaginal and vulva itching when pregnant? Slight burning but more like inflammation feeling after urination that lasts 20-30 mins weeks After uti treatments? I accidentally had very hot water on my penis, will there be a nerve damage or friction burn? What's up with my tummy? Will my glans burn recover? painful wart When do I see my doctor if I have daily heartburn and sore throat Small area on back rash pain itch tingling an burning what is it Does using an elliptical machine at the gym burn more calories than running on the street or bike riding? 