What are the symptoms of breast cancer? What are the symptoms of colon cancer? What are the screening tests for prostate cancer? What are the symptoms of prostate cancer? What are liver cancer symptoms and signs? What are some effective relaxation exercises when you have breast cancer? What should family and friends keep in mind when someone has breast cancer? Should I write a will when I have breast cancer?  How can I reduce stress when I have breast cancer? What causes stress among breast cancer patients? What types of help are available to breast cancer patients? How can I learn to relax while fighting breast cancer? What happens after breast cancer surgery? What other factors contribute to cancer-related fatigue? When should I call my doctor about cancer-related fatigue? How can I manage my stress when I have cancer? How does exercise impact energy level when you have cancer? What causes cancer-related fatigue? What can I do to combat cancer-related fatigue? How does nutrition impact energy level when you have cancer? What treatments are given for penile cancer? What causes penile cancer? What is penile cancer? What are the symptoms of penile cancer? Do low-tech methods such as breast self-exam and a doctor's breast exam help detect breast cancer? How much of an impact does vitamin D have on breast cancer? How much of an impact does vitamin D have on ovarian cancer? How much of an impact does vitamin D have on colon cancer? What causes colorectal cancer? What is endometrial cancer? What is liver cancer? Does ulcerative colitis lead to colon cancer? My husbands insurance does not cover diethylstilbestrol, recommended for his prostate cancer. Will Medicare cover it? I have moles and freckles, and worry about getting skin cancer. Should I see a doctor? I don't have health insurance. A new mole appeared on my back. It itches and burns, is grayish and the size of a pencil eraser. Is this skin cancer? Im scared of getting breast cancer from hormone replacement therapy. Can you get breast cancer from a bioidentical hormone? How can testosterone replacement trigger prostate cancer? Could these bumps on my scrotum be cancer? What are treatment options for prostate cancer? How will my doctor determine the best treatment for my prostate cancer? What are the symptoms of prostate cancer? Is prostate cancer hereditary? How can I decrease the risk of developing prostate cancer? My father has had many rounds of chemo for colon cancer and is now filling up with fluid. Is there anything we can do? I have acid reflux and cannot eat tomato products. Is there another food effective for preventing prostate cancer? My husband is prostate cancer-free but the side effects of Lupron linger. Is there any way to reverse this situation? My oncologist recommended a CT scan to check for other possible cancer. Should I be worried about radiation exposure? II had a colonoscopy recently and a non-malignant precancerous polyp was found. Do I have cancer in the early stages? After undergoing treatments and surgery for my stage IIIA colorectal cancer, is it likely that it will come back again? Can electrolysis cause cancer? What vegetables and fruits help fight cancer and heart disease? What can I expect with treatment for stage 2 ovarian cancer? Can a 75-year-old woman get ovarian cancer? My 76 year old dad was diagnosed with prostate cancer. His urologist said he needs to have a TURP first. Should he? Would I benefit from achieving a normal testosterone level in terms of cancer prevention? I am 74 years old and underwent brachytherapy for my prostate cancer. How will I know when the prostate cancer is gone? I have not been given hormones for my prostate cancer because of the side effects. What are my other treatment options? What exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for Ovarian Cancer? What are the symptoms of Ovarian Cancer? What exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for Testicular Cancer? How can Testicular Cancer be prevented? What is involved in surgery for stomach cancer? How often are radiation and/or chemo treatments given for colon cancer? What are the symptoms of kidney cancer? How do I know if I have kidney cancer? What are the symptoms of esophageal cancer? What are the gastrointestinal symptoms of pancreatic cancer? What are some constitutional (whole-body) symptoms of pancreatic cancer? What are some early (sneaky) symptoms of pancreatic cancer? What are the signs of oral cancer?  I have large brown patches on my forehead and cheeks, like liver spots. It's not skin cancer. What do you recommend? For several weeks, my right cheek has been swollen and painful, with white spots on the lining. Is this oral cancer? What is anemia related to cancer? What is neoplasm? I lost my brother to breast cancer. Since having children, I still get some milk out of the nipple. Is this normal?  Im newly diagnosed with cancer. What are some important things for me to know? How can I get control back in my life after a cancer diagnosis? Are there lifestyle and dietary factors that can decrease the risk of breast cancer? What are the risk factors for colorectal cancer? Is there a real risk of getting cancer from using cell phones? Does pancreatic cancer run in families? Hi, is Gallbladder cancer a common disease? Also, is it possible to have it detected early enough to be cured? What does it mean if your thyroglobin AB are very high but all the others are normal? And how does that affect the body? Can an HPV wart straind lead or cause vulnerability to cancer? How does krill oil help with fighting cancer Chemo for jaw cancer when all other treatments are exhausted..how many treatments, are they daily treatments-weekly? what can you do for back pain do to the lung cancer can nightmares kill you in your sleep? something to worry about? Colon cancer? Should I wait three months after a small spot is seen on my lungs, through an x-ray, to find out if it is cancerous?  My husband had skin cancer and now has a cracked lip corner that's not healing. Could it be cancer has returned? My dad has stage 4 colon cancer with mets to the liver. He stopped chemo 8 mo ago. Now having severe constipation prob I have microcalcifications, if benign do they have to be removed,can they turn into cancer.Hormorn replacement effects? didn't addresssed head injury right away diagnosed with swelling in the brain treatment with Temadol and chemotherapy. I tested positive for blood in my stool. What are the chances that I have colon cancer? 8mm dense nodule picked up on routine chest xray..% risk that is cancerous? Is Ovarian cancer agressive? How quickly do symptoms start to show? My lipase levels are 90; outside the normal reference range for Quest Diagnostics. How concerned need I be? Red spots behind ears correspnding with sore throat I had a skin cancer removed from my left jaw/cheek in March. I developed a numbness in that area.  colonscopy found heavy amounts of mucus in transverse colon what dors that mean Drug: "PROVENGE" (Sipuleucel-T),Is it Clinically effective? Are there adverse Effects and side effects? Are there adverse side effects of "PROVENCE" (Sipuleucel-T) ? Are there adverse side effects of "PROVENGE"(Sipuleucel-T)? Does Clinical Experience show effectiveness? Could I be allergic to the ingredients in Synthroid? I got a bumps or some hard lump on back of my ear,can any one say me what is that? can prostate cancer be transmitted through intercourse I am a 50 year smoker, female, 71 yrs old. Is a CT Lung Scan offered by well known Cancer Ctr for $100 worthwhile? i have a pea size growth in my eye for over a year now,what do you think it is,and what shld i do what kind of doctor should treat thyroid cancer? im 38 and had my uterus and cervix out i have ovarian cysts can this be cancer? i can feel a lump on my stomach to the left of my bellybutton. its not a muscle. is it an organ ir could it be cancer i can feel a lump on my stomach to the left of my bellybutton. its not a muscle. is it an organ ir could it be cancer i have a clear odorless discharge every time i wipe from urinating. no other symptoms. What could this be? What foods would taste good to a person newly diagnosed with pancreatic cancer? thanks how is it possible that results from 2 biopsy were cancerous tissue and after surgery results were fine  im getting alot of cramps in my lega and sides near my rib cage is this associated with the spread of prostate cancer I have a question about what happened to my dad. He died on 11/7 from a gangrene infection.  What do i do with the lump on my breast and i am a 14 year old? How can I convince the medical insurer to pay for newly on-the-market drugs (re cancer patient, stage 4)? what will happen and how long will i live if i dont get treatment for multiple myeloma blood cancer Can anyone give more information on Primary cutaneous neuroendocrine "merkel cell carcinoma"? My nephew has a lump in his armpit. If it was cancerous would it hurt when touched? I had prostate cancer surgery 11 months ago. I am still having problem with incontinence. Is this normal can tumors affect blood pressure and diabetes? I have a red bump on the right side of the roof of my mouth about the size of a pea. It's slightly sore to the touch. Is it possible to "alkalize" your body by drinking lemon juice in water? Is trying to alkalize your body beneficial? Sister had normal papsmear in 2010. Feb 2012 diagnosed with 3b cervical cancer, died July 30. Papsmear reliability? if i am worried about breast cancer because of the pain should i go to the er? Does severe pain at site of minor leg injury (bruised from fall) indicate existing clotting has become a concern? 87 yr old woman..chemo for bladder cancer...constant sitter..has a growth on the buttocks...looks like a lazy eye..flap What type of cancer causes low white blood cell count? My Thyroid was removed and I am concerned about societal collapse. How would I sustitute Thyroid Hormone without RX? WHAT DOES STAGE 3 MEANS FOR SALIVARY GLAND CANCER?  Abscessed tooth symptoms and oral cancer symptoms similar? Is it possible to get breast cancer after a complete hysterectomy? My mom has stomach cancer and it is bad what do I do and look for win it is her time to go home Is Uterine Cancer hereditary? What can be done to prevent HPV transmission to my partner? What are the risks if he is infected?  There is a really sore and swollen area between my right testicle and leg. Is it a hernia? Syphillis? Cancer? what is the likelihood of getting cancer from shining a 1 watt laser on skin? Is it safe to have sex during radiation treatment for cancer? mom has breast cancer had no treatment yet she is weak/ doesnt eat should we take her to ER or wait for appt in 1 week? Three months ago a lump started forming inside my right testicle. Coughing and sneezing cause extreme pain. Is it cancer If someone already has the flu this year, can they catch it again this year? Or are they Immune for the year. I'm not sure if i have blood in my poop, but i do know when i push it out and wipe i start to bleed enough to worry. I can feel bumps on my cervix, my husband can too. I had a normal pap 1 1/2 years ago. Could I have cervical cancer? I have had variocele in my left testicle since 7th grade, now i felt a bump behind and under the same teste. what is it? Can women have sex if they have tested positive for HPV? My husbands urologist wants him to have a prostate biopsy. He has no lumps. PSA was 1.8. Is this biopsy necessary? Normal period no STDs or cancer or abnormalties... Why so much pain during deep penetration? What alternatives are available to the regular pelvic exam for women? At what age should you stop having colonoscopies if you have no symptoms of bowel trouble? Why do men have nipples? Does a family history of breast cancer increase the risk of cervical cancer with HPV pos pap results? What should you do when your pcp puts you off? Painful Lump in the armpit - is it cancerous or common? The chances of cancer. is cancer contagious Can masturbation/ejaculation cause prostate cancer in teens? If you have had testicular cancer and now only have 1 testical can you conceive a son and a daughter? Husband has 1 testical due to testicular cancer, since we have had a daughter does that mean we can only have girls?? Can I transmit HPV to my boyfriend through oral sex? I have a dark spot between the tongue and gums that has gotten larger. Is is possible a sign of cancer? if i have the cancerous strain of HPV, can i still get genital warts? Does my boyfiend's use of chewing tobacco have an affect on me, a nonuser?  i have had a large hard lump on my testicle for many years. it has tripled in size since i first discovered it. it hurts What to expect when a loved one MAY have skin cancer? is it possible for a male, age 55 to have testicular cancer? Can hot showers a day cause cancer? why have a bone scan after a prostate cancer diagnosis Does cancer really skip a generation? why would a doctor induce a coma in a stage four lung cancer patient Can you be pregnant and have ovarian cancer? My pap smear shows abnormal cells.Could this be cervical cancer? Can bioidentical hormone therapy delivered via pellets cause uterine cancer? can i get cancer in lower abdomin even though i have had historectamy? Bitter taste in your mouth could it be linked to some type of cancer or stomach problem My husband has cancer, but I need to lose weight. What would be a healthy diet we could both use? I want to get a checkup for the first time, I haven't seen a doctor since I was born. I am 35 with new dx fibroadenoma with strong family hx of breast cancer, my provider wants to wait should it be removed If I was just diagnosed with High Risk HPV with mild a-typical cells, would it be pointless to get the Gardisal shot? I have extremely untollerable pain, that gets worse (for years), with each menses. Any ideas why? Getting unbearable. :( Im 44yrs old and if its safe to have another pregnancy after havin breast cancer, chemo, pulm embol, was diagnose w COPD I have cancer and I would like to know what stage 11A,DukesB,MACBS MEANS? Is it true that you can get cancer thru oral sex ? And if so what type ? Also how ? I'm taking meds for high cholesterol. My father died of prostrate cancer. My testosterone is below normal. What can I do expected survival rate for someone with bone and breast cancer who is under stress but going through treatment how do you know a purple spot is cancer?  radiation treatment for prostate cancer and Lupon now taking ritlan to increase energy and my sex drive is excessive My in law has cancer and doing chemo.Her Red blood cell count is low. They want to use procrit. Is there another way? Anal growths...have had for years, need help I have a lump under my left breast, my breasts are not big at all, or discolored/discharge. I'm 16 years of age is h pylori a formof stomach cancer prostate cancer, if you tested positive for cancer via biopsy, gleason score of 6, shouldnt you see an oncologist? Will canabis cure 7 out of 10 cancer patients like I'm reading on the internet? Are biopsies done during cancer screening colonoscopy for suspected diverticulitis? Painless lump in armpit another question what is therisk of COPD or lung cancer for an former-smoker who is/was asthmatic? can nuclear stress test cause cancer? 34 male blood work came back low blood count on red cells, what can this possible be. Was told possible cancer? Married post prostate cancer man thought impotent has affair and performs. How? Married post prostate cancer man thought impotent performs in affair. Will he feel bonded to this woman ? I heard that eating tofu if you had cancer is not good? Is this so? does lipitor cause pancreatic cancer can testosterone injections increase the risk of liver cancer? i have a lump in my right breast that keeps disappearing and reapearing can I sue an MD for failure to dignose genital warts ? my cndition progressed into penile cancer. Why is there pain at my gooch after peeing? how long will I live with breast to bone cancer My brother passed away from cancer last week and I'm having trouble getting back to my normal routine. can u get rid of genital herpes by having a tvh? can a cancer patient quit methadone after 3 days without harmful side effects?  what happens if ovarian cancer goes untreated?  Would taking Saw Palmetto as a supplement be of use after having radiation and hormone therapy for prostate cancer? what can a doctor do to help concive when I have one ovary and it has cyist on it I have an history of ovarian cancer does a prostate cancer (or any type of cancer) spreads rapidly after a biopsy is done or is it just a myth? Can HSV come from someone who has HPV? High cholesterol and history of prostate cancer I have white spots below my tonsils could it be cancer PCOD with thick uterine endometrium11.9MMS n multiple cyst 10mms.Will getting pregnant be an issue and can i get cancer? Can household dust cause chronic illness? I am 39 and my period came 14 days early. Could this be serious, could i be pregnant. What kind of diet is good for a person with pancreatic cancer what is a mucus plug in the lip Can sugery to remove a cancerous tumor if found early enough make you cancer free without chemo? Will he be ok? Does prostate cancer cause excessive sweating? I had an abnormal pap-smear. Results say I have HPV but non cancerous. what should I do? can flu vaccines cause cancerI Boyfriend just diagnosed with oral hpv, non cancerous. Ive never been sexually active with him. How is this contracted? Mom (72) had complete hysterectomy due to uterine cancer. She is very bloated and cannot pass gas to get relief. Help? Is there a birth control pill that doesn't kill libido or increase the risk of breast cancer? can someone still have children after a hysterectomy for cervical cancer if you had breast cancer when you where13 can you get it again A round rubbery nodule right under my skin? does breast cancer relate to health Question about possible Oral Cancer (tongue)  What are my risk of having testicular cancer? does sugar feed cancer?? my dentist is having radioactive seeds done for prostrate cancer, when is it safe for him to go back to work? is cancer treatment covered by medicare? Is dates good for cancer? I've had a sore throat for 4 days and it is not strep with no other symptoms, could it be throat cancer best pain medicine for servere pain caused by pancreatic cancer pain is cancer a virus A piece of the skin on the tip of my nipple has turned brown. Could this be cancer? can you get breast cancer twice in the same breast after masectomy?  Can cancer affect the butt region is glaucoma a type of cancer can oral cancer kill you i have to go to a blood specialist because my white blood cells are high could this be cancer What type of doctor do I need to diagnose lower abdominal pain? After 4 years of no sex and breast cancer treatment and a woman have a yeast infection and not know it? What coverage does Medicare give for HIFU treatment of Prostate Cancer Is it ok to delay surgery for kidney cancer for a few months? can keloid be cancerous? and how does one contain the itching and the pain? Is HPV found in all cases of cervical cancer? Should I get a colonoscopy just to test for microscopic colitis? My boyfriend lost his wife to cervical cancer two years ago and he was just diagnosed with herpes. Is this possible? can rupturing a cyst under the skin cause cancer What are the odds my husband gets the same cancer his siter died of and his brother now has?  Can blu light prevent future skin cancers  My step dad has perscription for both ondansetron odt and oxycodone. What kind of illness prompts the use of "odt"? If the cancer tumor is felt by hand in lower abdomen, what stage of cancer is it is it true that if a young man takes a pregnancy test he might be at risk of having testicular cancer Will anti perspirant cause breast cancer? 24 Types of Prostate Cancer can testicular cancer cause the inability to achieve or maintain an erction? Can liver cancer kill you can you have cancer in your sinus i have a ovarion cyst one in each ovary and one is to the side of the ovary should i be worry about it can it be cancer without a uterus how do they screen for ovarian cancer, my family has a lot of cancer in its history? bothered about 3-4 years with sores in mouth. doctors have given me clotrimazole lozenges to dissolve. I had biospy on lymph node in my neck. Dr.mention metastasis and virus and that it was cancer. What does all that mean?  Treatment for deep tissue hole from cellulitis on the neck. Has been treated with two different antibiotics, gets deeper Does prostate massage help prevent prostate cancer? Can Soy give you Cancar? I'm healthy, 51 y.o who's gone over a year w/o a period 3 times, each time with 1 "normal" period. How common is this? can viagra cause prostate cancer how long would it take cancer to develop after HPV exposure? their was a spot found on my liver but all my bloodwork came back normal is it safe to say I am cancer free Does having white blood cells in a stool sample mean cancer? If I am at high risk for colon cancer but not yet 50, why won't doctors bill a colonoscopy as routine? Pain during intercourse. A sharp jolt of pain shoots clear down my leg and throughout lower back. At age 77 with cardiovascular problems, is watchful waiting a viable approach to stage one kidney cancer? is a discharge a symptoms of prostate cancer is a psa of 19 with fever a sign of cancer or just prostate infection Is smoking hookah once bad for you? I have a low blood count due to metastatic breast cancer, should if call my Dr. if I have a sore throat? Is sperm cryopreservation before cancer treatment covered by Medicare? what are my risk since my mother has been diagnosed with breast cancer? Is melanoma a precurser to pancreatic cancer found a lump behind my ear thats quite painfull when i touch it. Its not a pimple. what can it be? Coumadin and severe nasal congestion - remedy? Can vulvar cancer lead to breast cancer? what is the symptoms of throat cancer? What types of foods are best for an already cancerous liver Protein causing cancer?  is cirrhosis a form of liver cancer is cirrhosis a form of liver cancer If my husband and I have never had another partner, can I get oral cancer from having oral sex with him? My husband has high white cells counts, diagnosed as "Leukocytosis", what is this, what can it cause? Is it cancer? what happens when the patient cannot have surgery to remove bladder cancer? He is diagnoised with stage 3 bladder cancer Can a woman get cervical cancer from a genital wart on a male? can the spleen become infected with cancer genitourinary system disorders Can a Bartholin cyst turn into cancer? IS THERE ANY TREATMENT FOR SPINAL CORD CANCER 4TH STAGE?? What is helpful for vaginal dryness if you have had breast cancer and chemo? Is Kidney disease and Kidney cancer the same? What squamous cell cancer? How does contrst dye in MRI of kidney distinguish a cancerous tumor? How dos contrst dye used in a MRI distinguish between cancerous tumor and benign one?  do you have mri pictures of bone cancer tumors I had my uterus removed can I still get cervical cancer Can women over thirty get vaccinated for HPV if she has or has not contracted HPV and not cancerous will pancreatitis always turn into cancer? pre-cancerous polyp on the point of changing was removed from the rectum. I cant stop worrying. I just got the results from my recent PAP. Results came back as atypical squamous cells, positive for HPV.  A young guy with enlarged prostate!??? would a pap test show uterine cancer? i am a breast cancer survivor and had a hysterectomy, now I have a vaginal odor. what do you recommend? I was in the shower and found a lump in my right breast bleeding from nipple is it cancer I'm a 21 year old Male. I've recently found a small sized lump near my armpit, could it be cancer? Is white blood cell count high on a blood test in early stages of pancreatic cancer? I am 18 years old, female and have night sweats can a man with no testicles get and maintain an erection is it normal to have discarge from my vagina after a biopsy is done? 15 yr pancreatic cancer survivor. Now stomach cancer. Tumors ON pancreas - is it also pancreatic cancer again? how marajuana helps brain cancer what can cause a white blood cell count to be high why would a doctor ask a male patient if his sisters and mother were tested for the gene that causes breast cancer? found a hard long lump on the top of breast going toward the arm pit. what can this be? Can night sweats be related to lung cancer? mom gets sever chills shaking and diahrea after eating certain foods comes on randomly. had pancreatic cancer is clear alcoholic vomiting 3 to 5 times daily, family history of cancer If someone has already been diagnosed with an aggressive cancer and no hope, would it hurt to try plantain tea? Will sex hurt your kidney if you only have one kidney Advice for frequent urination and possible prostatitis? How to differentiate between lipoma and breast cancer or anyother condition that has the symptoms mentioned below I have been diagnosed with low risk prostate cancer. My symptoms have changed. What are your recommendations? My dad has lung cancer that spread to the brain he is 60 what are his chances for recovery with radiation tx? Husband had postrate cancer, gave him hormone shots for therapy and he sweats badly all the time. Liver activity is nonfocal. Pulmonary nodules are not metabolically active. Please explain is this cancer or not cancer. Am I more vulnerable to "catching" a cancer if I currently have the flu. can getting too many CT scans cause cancer? My 23 mth old has had a swollen lymp node on the backside of his neck for almost 5 months, his Dr. won't run test. what type of cancer do u have wen your skin bumps up all over your body?  I am 30 year old male. i having breast tumor around 10 years. For the last month or so my stools have been looser than normal, no real form. I am 30, and don't live healthy right now Is multiple myeloma cancer? Why do you prefer to it as a blood disorder? is stomach cancer related to lung cancer? I have lingual Henia from 20 years i have no problems with this by my yoga asanas is there any risk of cancer by this can yrs of cronic stomach ulcer disease cause stomach cancer What treatments are available for advanced prostrate cancer?  what are the symptoms for cancer of the tongue?  What's less damaging: smoking 3 cigarettes per day or picking two days of the week and smoking 10 on each of those days? Do I need to still have a pap after a vaginal hyserectomy would asparagus help fight breast cancer I am expiriencing a tingly hot sensation in my middle upper back.Could this be lung cancer?I hurt my arm with weights. Can Pancreatitis lead to Pancreas Cancer? My father is 55 years old. he has a PSA over 5..What is the likely hood his biopy will come back postive for cancer?  My father, his brother, and their mother all passed away of appendiceal cancer. Told it can be hereditary; is it? How can you detect lung cancer by performing a biopsy on the liver? My husband has slow urninating, itchy Testicals, and pain when ejaculating. What could this be? My husband has Stage ivb pancreatic cancer spread to liver. What is life expectancy without further chemo treatments? pancreatic cancer My sister is 65,3 months ago she was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer that has spread to her liver,lungs and her glands. having problems empty bowls seem like its trying to protruding into my Vagina. the wall between rectum and vagina . how to take these stitchs out of right forearm in a case of small cell lung cancer, why would a tumor be inoperable? I used baby powder (vag area) off and on for about 1yr 15 yrs ago. Does this put me at higher risk for ovarian cancer? what is the normal magnesium level?  what is non-small cell lung cancer? do bananas cause cancer? 13 year old girl, 9th grade. For the past couple weeks my right breast has small red dots/bumps on it. starting to itch Husband had prostate cancer removed robotically. now 1 testicle twice the size of other.could cancer have returned? if you lose both testicles can you get an erection and produce sperm. tell me moe about this..is it a dangerous thing like testicular cancer..or not? i have no pain inside it.and in case of testicular cancer there is pain.tell me how much the % that it may be cancer? Can a 17 year old addicted to masturbation have prostate cancer? I'm concerned that I might have an internal hemorrhoid. How do I know the difference between this and possibly cancer? I use to have throat pain after having oral sex with my pertner.. is it too risky? Newly diagnosed with lung cancer and high liver enzymes can this be related? Is it harmful for my husband to not release semen regularly.I heard you can get cancer by not releasing semen regularly. I've had a bruise for at least two months and it still hasn't healed. Could it be skin cancer? can you have testicular cancer and still have normal PSA #'s? Is cancer more prevalent in women who have never given birth? IF MY SPOUSE HAS A BLOOD CANCER WILL I GET IT WHEN WE HAVE SEX? Doc asked my girlfriend to get HPV vaccinations which cost 1000$, does she need them? Can yeast infection cause skin cancer? is there anythink I can take for problems with an erection after haveing prostate cancer my mom has stomach and colon cancer, she wants to color her hair. is this a good idea? Is there a safe natuarl male breast enhanchment that is ok to use after having a prostate cancer surgury. Can a throat polyp be cancerous? should garlic supplement be taken when you have cancer Friend dying of esophageal cancer. She had all the classic signs. Anyway should the Numerous Drs she saw have caught it I am 24 yr old male w/ frequent urination on an off for the past few months.Does this sound like bladder cancer? I am a 7 year breast cancer survivor. My cancer was triple -positive. Do I need to stay away from soy products?  should mass be removed or monitored?  With a clean mammogram 7 months ago, what is the chance of breast cancer with a swollen lymph node and breast mass? Can patients with Parkinson's get cancer?  does lung cancer mestasis to the brain? my menstrual cycle has lasted for 3 months and still going. I also have large blood clots Blood In my Stool could an undesended testicle become cancerous or would it just dissolve into the body if left untreated? Family history of kidney cancer, eclamptic with pregnancy, now have swollen feet/ank that wont go away should I worry? Can genital herpes cause prostate cancer? Opting out of chemotherapy after having total stomach removal due to stomach cancer? I had a ct scan, It showed i had Colitis and a prominent reactive node 9mm on the right side ,what is a node ? How long should I take Letrazole 25 mg since I now have high cholesterol 251mg Are there any known links between ovarian cancer and bipolar disease? Does Niacin cause cancer? Does Spermatocele need to be rechecked over time with an ultrasound to verify it hasn't turned cancerous?  Does back ache accompany lung cancer? I had an orchiectomy when I was 1 year old. Do I have an elevated risk of testicular cancer in the other testicle? Can titty twisters cause cancer? Do Titty Twisters Cause cancer?! Can radiation for cancer cause radiation sickness? can you get cancer on stoma right testicle is a lot bigger than my left for about 2 years Delay in lung cancer diagnosis..Do you think if i would of been diagnosed 6 months earlier would it made a difference can a person suffering from both, liver cirrhosis and liver cancer be cured??? 58 years old and had cancer but am now cancer free over 10 years. I have not had a period for 10 years and just got one. should you take a diuretic when taking chemo what are the homeopathic medicine for oral cancer?  i have have a small lump on my arm pit, could it be cancerous??? Is being childless by choice really "problematic" in the sense that it "causes uterine cancer"? Thank you in advance. can cancer treatment cause eye floaters?  can eye floaters be linked to cancer? Healthy 40 yr old female recent blood test show platelet count of 564. last year count was 477. Should I be worried? Does smoking increase the potential of getting breast cancer? Can radiation to destroy cancer of the vocal cords without surgery. What are the experiences in practice? Does chlorine in our drinking water cause bladder cancer? My father has stomach cancer that spread everywhere. he hasn't or drank for 2 weeks now. Why wont the hospital keep him Can formaldehyde gas cause cancer? I have a small knot in my breast. It feels like a pelet. Could this be cancer? WHat happens if you cut off a cancerous mole yourself? is hormone therapy considered to be immunotherapy? 2 days ago experienced sudden onset deep pain in area of left kidney unresolved, No UTI clear urine no fever What to do? What are treatment for sequemous cell carsenoma inoperable tumor? s circumin good for prostate cancer tritment why chemo is not an effective treatment option for kidney cancer what to wear if testicles are swollen After testicular cancer in 1998, I have low T. Prostate cancer 2 in 2012. How can I do increase energy w/o T therapy? is hiccups a symptoms of any cancer type I have a red mark on my penis gland, is it cancer ? I am 29 can I still get the HPV vaccine? does use of ALPHA HYDROXY ACIDS produce skin cancer? do I have cancer? What's going on? Small white looking pimple like spot inside mouth. Worried if it's cancer or leukoplakia. Please help someone :( How to stop taking effexor 