Besides angina, what are other causes of chest pain? I have stomach & chest pains, am light-headed, dizzy & nauseous. What are these symptoms of? If I have three stents and have soreness in my chest, is this something I should get checked out? The left side of my chest has hurt since childhood but at 17, it has gotten worse. Should I have more cardiac tests? I have three stents. Should I see my doctor about discomfort in my chest? Should I worry that when I sneeze, I have a deep, hard sneeze that leaves my chest hurting? Will OTC products help with the adult acne on my chest? Can SIDS happen if my baby is sleeping at night on my chest? It is the only way she will sleep.  I am having a sudden sharp chest pain that feels like my heart is being stabbed with needles. Could anxiety cause that? Is it unusual, in your early 50s, to have very heavy long periods, hot flashes and night sweats, as well as chest pain? I am a diabetic and have a chest cold. Can I take Diabetic Tussin DM along with Wellbutrin and high blood pressure meds? Since taking Plavix, I have an itchy rash developing on my chest, arms, and back. Is this normal?  I can't take an over-the-counter decongestant with lithium. Is there anything I can take for severe chest congestion?  What is variant angina in the chest? Can gas cause chest pain? can pacemaker lead cause a chest muscle twitch Are acid reflux and IBS related? what can cause a headache,fever,chest pains, shaking of the heart and dizziness? i have a sharp constant pain in my upper left chest area, it feels like a pulled muscle, can i pull a muscle in my lung? I have palpations and I get minor chest pains with it but I'm 15 .. is this serious? I have palpations and I get minor chest pains with it but I'm 15 .. is this serious? heavy weight feeling on chest Reoccuring pain in my mid to upper back and my chest, under my brests. It goes on for hours and hurts to breathe. Help? I am having left sided chest pain on the inner side of the shoulder.What could cause this? Should I be concerned with a bubbling or gurgling sound in my chest after I am done coughing? Why would somoene experience pain on the left side of their chest? Can Fibromialgia mimik heart trouble? My friend has red bumps all over her chest and now it has spread to her arms and face What are the lasting effects of upper back spasms/seized muscles? Right arm and upper back still feel tight after months For about 3 months 81-year-old father gets a rash on his body every evening. Goes away and then comes back next evening. I am having weird chest pains and it feels like a tight knot in my neck and shoulder area. I had a chemical stress test. Many things are good, normal or fine except ECG is abnormal. What does this mean?  My husband was leaning on a metal rail and now that part of his chest has been sore for a month Lying down flat and lifting up my head my stomach bulges in the center from my chest to my navel and is very soft. What medication can be used for minor throat and chest pain following endoscopy?  I feel like something is caught in my esaphgus. I burp all the time and it's really uncomfortable. I was diagnosed with acute pharyngitis and came home, haven't been able to eat, barely drink, feel ill. is this normal? What would cause a sudden sharp pain in my chest when eating raw carrots, some meats, etc? Head rushes with lightheadedness, tunnel vision and a quivering feeling in left chest for 3-5 seconds. help? Can cronic cough producing much mucus (irritated esophagus) be result of cunnilingus on female with vaginal infection? can a ear infection cause my face to start flushing? 8mm dense nodule picked up on routine chest xray..% risk that is cancerous? I have a bad cough, congested nose, and chest hurts when I cough. What am I sick with? can i take benadryl with zyrtec It is possible for a pinched nerve in the shoulder to have symptoms similar to a heart attack? Help, chest congestion, cough, rash ,sweating , body aches, low white blood count ,bottom number of BP High i have had chest pains for 4 months, for last 2 weeks pain in top of left arm Is it anything to worry about if i got ache left arm. Don't want to waste anybody time.Dizzy and chest pain, What can my chest pain possibly be? My husband is having trouble with a chest cold and his lungs hurt, what can he do to make his lungs feel better? i was wrestling and was slammed to the ground. ever since i have been experiencing chest pain when i sneeze,breathe,etc chest neck arm pain began 2or3 years ago aft heavy work . lasting 30 mins. now any activity even showerlasts 8hrsor more What can I do to help ease chest pain??  Took a punch to my lower right chest. No external bruising, but still painful over a week later. For why?! :-( Is a 31 year old woman too young to be experiencing chests pains/angina? Having light/mild chest pains near left brest/armpit? Heart problems at 20? I'm 28 yrs old and my chest feels heavy, almost like muscle pain in the chest. Is it anxiety or something worse? My daughter almost 4 has clusters of little 'blisters' non-itchy and on chest, back buttocks, arms legs. 2months now. I am having really bad chest pains and they will not stop I have had them for 4 days now chest burning /pain sensation I have bumps that resemble a rash near and under my armpits, on my chest, and near my groin. What could this be? Chest X Ray findings what do they mean? Was at gym. On ab crunch machine, pushed too heavy weight and felt a pop in my stomach. Felt like something stuck out. 25 year old female long dark hairs above and below belly button, on my chest, neck and around the nipples. whats wrong How can i know if my cold/flu has become bacterial? so i can take a ampicillin? Left Chest pains while running I went on a family vacation for the forth of July and came back with horrible acne!! What can I do to get rid of it? I have frequent chest pain; However, when I take a Tums or GasEx, It seems to relieve the pain a bit....what is this? My husband has had a fever and a cough for over 10days now. Not pneumonia (had xray 4 days ago) what could it be?  Can a doctor decide that if there is any blockage in blood vein by doing ECG? My husband has been having chest pain, could his medicines be the cause? i am a 24yr old female that has had problems after i eat i get pain all over my whole abdomen and diarrhea My last period went for three months straight, it ended 15 days ago and now it started again, is that bad? My daughter is five and every two weeks she gets a runny nose, bad cough and high fever. Why is this happening? I take Clonazepam 2 mg, still have SEVERE anxiety while driving.Is there some other medication that can help? I have a keloid on my chest but don't know what kind it is and want to get rid of it What can I do 2 rid myself of what I think is a Panic Attack I had a HeartCath several months ago. I showed no blockage, but my symptoms continue.  occasional tingling on the inside and some tenderness under left side of chest, upper abdomen or liver area I am a male. I am 61 female, I have a heart murmur with HBP and high Colrestoral I have chest pains on and off is this dangerous I'm just at the end of a cold, and my nose is running non-stop. what causes this and how do I stop it. After laproscopic surgery should I be having sharp burning pains and also chest pains? 29 weeks pregnant and my heart is working so hard today that I can actually feel it beating up in my throat. Normal? tight chest its hard to breath and catch my breath,coughing for weeks now with phlegm inthroat that I'm not coughing up? what to do if you cant get a diagnosis but continue to suffer from chest pain and elevated heart rate? What is wrong with me?  After walking a short distance my heart beats very strongly as if I just ran occasionally with lightheadedness included. I just had flu and my cough will not go away. I've had a mild fever for 10 days. Pain in left chest/back when coughing. can this medication ciprofloxacn 500mg tab be used for sore thoat and chest pain ? cough, chest at neck hurts breathing in, stuffy runny nose, sorethroat, temp>100 on 3rd week, no insurance do i need er What causes pounding heart, chest discomfort, pain between shoulder blades for 3 months? I am having chest pains, shortness of breath, hypertension, fatigue, and nose bleeds. What should I do? I've been having a pain in my chest, it comes and goes. Should I be concerned? Why is my son having chest pain and his lower left and right sides hurt? I have a lump on my chest, lots of pain, and I'm tired all the time. I have a family history of cancer, should I worry? I have pain in my throat, but only when I swallow. It feels like a lump above my adam's apple. What could it be? what makes ur veins look more visible  I've had chest/neck/back pain recently with bad headaches, does this sound like stress or something more? heart rate of 207bpm is this normal I have a sharp pain in my chest what could this be ? What would cause your skin all over to be red and burn. It feels like it's on fire. what do i do when my anxiety causes me mental and physical pain? What are the effects-(negative/positive) of male children sleeping with their moms past toddlers years? Should I continue exercise if I have a cold or bronchitis? Really bad itchy irritating rashes on his upper body as in torso chest back neck ,shoulders, in evening what is it?. Could chest pain be from 4 broken ribs in 2 places each on right side back in 2005?  Woke up with pain in my right chest and a painful, sometimes numb right arm. My right hand is also colder. Any ideas? Im having pain in my chest, throat, neck and sometimes below my ears. It radiates from place to place. Any suggestions? How will I know when the pulmonary embolism is gone? Severe chest and back pain in right side for last 3 days gets worse during sleep or breathe out hard. should i go to ER? My boyfriend has stress related anxiety attacks, how do i stop them? Hello. I am an 18 year old cheerleader. I haven't seen my period since late October last year. Any advice? have pain that comess and goes right under my ribcage on the right side kinda like heart burn but wrong place any ideas? what could cause a strange gasping sound in the middle of my chest as i rotate upper torso? pain is associated Should I contact my cardiologist for more tests. Are there techniques to help panic attacks, or maybe an at home supplement? Please help me.  all of a sudden I have pain in my chest and back when I swallow or take a deep breath. any other time, I am fine. Is it ok for me to take Adipex if i have had a couple chest pains while excercisng? During high intensity workouts, my chest has a sharp pain, after rest for a few minutes it goes away. Is this bad? WHAT WOULD CAUSE ME TO HURT IN MY LEFT BREST AN CHEST AN ALL THROUGH MY BACK ON THE LEFT SIDE what tests are done to test the heart and lungs for excessive sweating Today i got an tight sharp feeling in my chest on the right pec it hurts when i touch it and move im 21 Excessive foul smelling gas with bloating and chest pain. 3 weeks! Diet unchanged.Stools normal. What is causing this? Can you have a fever with a cold? my heart races faster than i can count. I get very dizzy cant see. My chest hurts and burns. this last for 5- 10 min  I suffer from anxiety. I am waiting to go to the doctor tomorrow to find out if I am pregnant. Should I take my meds? I'm having chest pains and a hard time breathing, what could it be? When I walk to work, I get a burning pain in my chest, like swallowing a hot potatoes.I am a smoker. What can this be?  do panic attacks last for more than 24 hrs What can cause pain in the chest and continiues through the back? what would cause griggling from your chest and alot of blood to come out of your mouth during a pacemaker being put in? Am I still growing and going through puberty? I have pain in my throat, like lymph node pain, but CT w/contrast ruled out lymph node. Spreads to face,arm,chest,back. how to know when a flu has tuened into a chest infection in a 3 yr old little boy? it feels like i have blockage in my chest area when swallowing beverages what can it be? Instant relief/ solution to chest pain and acute heartburn? Doubled over in pain- what really works? Need help asap I go to sleep and wake up crying several times a week - I cry 5 or 6 times a day. How can I deal with this? 28 yo female with fatigue and tacycardia. I've ruled out any heart issues. I have tpo antibodies but normal thyroid. Cause For Chest Pain My 13 year old was just diagnosed with pleurisy. will camping make it worse? Experienced extreme chest pain, due to taking to much Advil.  3-5 months, hot poker stabbing through chest and out shoulder pain, deep breath worsens/spreads, 10-15 mins then gone. Friend is suffering from shortness of breath, fainting, days lost in memory, sneezing, vomiting, chest tightness. HELP!! My daughter passed away 4 months ago I am having a lot of chest pain and anxiety. I my doctor says Im fine is this grief My 14 month old takes zyrtec for her allergies. But has a runny nose and chest congestion. What can I do for her? is it normal to lose 5 pounds in a week without changing eating or excersize habits? Can anxiety probles cause severe muscle tension in the stomach, chest and shoulders even when you think you're relaxed? what can cause lit headed stiff neck tired shakey ringing in head what would cause upper right chest pain above the breast that goes through to the back? what brings on a panic attack I can't inhale sometimes when sleeping on back, side or stomach. Is bruising on diff locations ie: legs,arms now chest cause for concern? I do not take blood thinners didn't bump area. can a loss of my pet dog tragically cause literal pain in my chest? what causes rattled breathing after sex? What causes the upper center of your back through to the chest hurt? My husband describes the pain as "hard" like a knot How do I know if I have an enlarged heart? I get left sided high chest pain, comes on sudden, lasts a few hours then leaves. has moved to right side a few times. what causes pressure to the chest area I am experiencing a burning sensation in my chest that will not go away? It is moderate in the center of my chest only? I took 4 tablets of (Ibuprofen) every single day for about 4 years, could my Wheezing when sleeping be a side effect? I'm a Male, 21. Every morning I wake up to vomit, and after every meal I have the urge to vomit. What could it be? My 2yr old has hard white/skin colored bumps on his chest arm leg groin area  when I inhale I have chest pain I seem to be getting a rash from sweating? it feels like i have a hundred pounds on my chest and can not take a full deep breath,, someone told me its angina,  I had a tetanus shot 4 days ago and now have chest pain and irritability. Should I be concerned? My wife is getting pain and pressure in her chest which moves to her jaw and down her right arm. Is it Asthma? My left side of my chest hurts, under my ribs when I breathe, laugh, yawn, anything where I take a deep breath. can exercise cause random muscle twitching? Is pleurisy something that will affect me for the rest of my life or will it go away in time? tingling all over sometimes loose 10sec of memory and wet self know nothing of it till after it happens.  is it bad to have a tight feeling in your chest? why do i get a tight feeling in my chest after drinking an energy drink. Is it ok to exercise with a cold? Both my ears are blocked but I don't have a cold or chest congestion.  gastritis/vomiting/constant abdominal pain--Endoscopy done, nuclear scan done, 2 ER visits all show belly full of bile. 4-5 enlarged lymphnodes in different parts of body 2 cm's or larger (one over an inch) for 2 years. Whats wrong? Is it safe to leave shingles untreated? Bruise / skin staining? over 9 months after portacath removal treatment for household cleaning product allergies Possible HIV Risk from Kissing? can gas cause chest palpitations followed by a bout of burping? what is causing my babies face, arms, legs and feet to turn purple? How do you reduce a fever in a toddler? (19 months old) Having shortness of breath, chest pain, fatigue accompanied by increase in blood pressure and pulse. Possible causes? High white blood cell count, fever, chills, blurred vision. Doctors cannot find anything wrong with me . High white blood cell count, fever, chills, blurred vision. Doctors cannot find anything wrong with me . 4-5 enlarged lymphnodes in different parts of body 2 cm's or larger (one over an inch) for 2 years. Whats wrong? my son's body is red all over especially the face, ears, and chest, hot to the touch, headache, and says he is dizzy what do it mean when your blood pressure is 167 over 107 and pulse is 88  Every now and then, particularly at night I get short sharp pains in the left side of my chest. i had asthma when i was young is it possible to come back again? I had been feeling chest tightnest again. I am 13 and i have sharp chest pains they last about 15 seconds , should i be concerned ? my face, chest, back, arm and legs (sometimes) turn red or patches of red when i drink "sometimes". Chest pain on the left side of my chest. It comes and goes within minutes, should I be concerned? Should I seek immediate medical attention if I am having an anxiety attack due to new medication? Can allergies lead to pneumonia? Should I be concerned about asthma? Is there any advantage to more allergy testing? depression What causes breast swelling and severe pain in left breast? Rash under breasts from sweating or menopause do we really need to remove our shirt during chest x ray even when we are not wearing any radioopaque material? I'm having terrible ear and neck pain, chest pains, and I have a lump in my left breast. What could this mean?  Can I take A anti depressant with my adderall? why am i always short of breath alot and have chest pains for Pain in upper chest at walking exercise start, worsens for a few minutes, eases after 10 min walking. Any idea why? I am16female. I Have acne all over my back,chest ,arms, neck and face.how to get rid of it.?? My daughter never feels good, always runs low grade fever,has achy bones and joints, our doctor can't seem to help pain under left shoulder blade and in chest When I get upset or nervous about something, I get red, blotchy patches on my chest and neck. Why and what can I do?  About 8 months ago I was told tachycardia. In the last two months my chest pains have become worse. Recently i have developed pain near my collar bone area on my right No pcod but still chin hair and acne What can cause extreme drowsiness related to hunger? why does my stomach jerk Should you smack or forcefully put a finger in someones chest to wake the up from fainting, Can your arteries go from normal to clogged in 7 months? I was told I was fine and now I'm scared it has changed Are there negatives to taking premenopausal supplements when I'm in my early twenties? abnormal scab healing I have strange little bumps on my arm and chest, the chest itches and there are tiny bumps with yellow in them? Help? Yesterday I felt a quick sharp pain to my chest, then total body numbess and a rush of heat and sweats. Any ideas why?  i am 16 and i have high blood pressure, when i stand it rasies. Also i have chest pains and headaches offten. zpak for bronchitis, then methylprednisolone for lasting symptoms...period for 9 days, still coughing I am a generally healthy 27 year old who has had multiple normal ECG's.. Am I fine?  I'm having a skin problem on my chest and back from a long time.  Pain in chest, heart area. Feels like bubbles popping or blockage. Worried I have lymphoma I have been having some chest discomfort ranging from mid rib cage into the left side of my neck for the past week. Help I'm a 21 year old male and have been experiencing chest pain for over a week. What might be the cause? what can happen by giving a 4 year old child albuterol because she coughs and is not prescribed to this medication. I have a PE in my lung and was wondering how long I will have chest pain and shortness of breathe? I have sensitive skin and can't find a sun block that won't break out in a rash. Anyone have suggestions? i have had a really bad dry cough and my chest hurts really bad just dry constant cough My blood sugars has been 400+ on a regular basis lately Now I am having chest pains that seem to be getting worse I occasionally have a heavy, dull pain in the right ide of my upper chest and occasionally my head. Any help? how to treat a temperture of 105 degrees I am not feeling chest workouts in my chest. My chest is not building up like the rest of my body. How can I fix this? pain on my right side of my chest inside my breast when I breath I deal poker for a living  just worked out,my chest started hurting with pressure,my throat got tight it hurt to breathe then began to cough/weeze? My 22 year old daughter: No period in 5 months; skin rashes on chest and back; staph infections MRSA; weight loss I scraped/cut my esophagus. Anything I should watch for? Any at home care advice? How long should it take to heal? Red spots on body Can you take Cipro for cold in the chest. Is there any benefit to taking a handful of asprin for chest pains? EKG was normal and the nitroglycerin did not help. How do I dry up a congested cough? Can marijuana withdrawal cause panic attacks? What are some causes of upper right abdominal burning pain I have had chronic shortness of breath for about two weeks. It feels like I'm breathing in water. experiencing what i believe to be hives all over my stomach, chest and sides, as well as lower neck, causing itchyness Respridal how can a lung exray show an infection but the white blood cell count not be raised continued chest pain but normal lab results is it my heart My shoulders and chest are hurting very badly, like I slept on my shoulder wrong but it hurts mich worse. I am pregnant (in my first trimester) and I have some chest congestion. Is there any safe medications I can use? I was on treadmill and started having chest pain on right side of my chest should I be worried The last 24hrs my 2yr. old has hives that disappear from one area and reappears in different areas. Why? How bad can you hurt yourself from having bad dry heaves? chest pains My son has the following symptoms, warm,dry, tired,weak,dizzy, shaky, light headed,nausea,loss of appetite,d can i come off my medication Cheast Area is Bigger??//?!?!?! What causes pain when eating starches, fats and/or protein? Lupus causes me extreme fatigue. I get weak, shakey and my chest just starts to pound. I can't think straight.  Develop a rash whenever I come into contact with water... Pain, pain go away. My heart no longer wants to play.... slight fatigue, pain in arms and back, and heart pain/throbbing What could be my health problem. do my lungs get enough air when i dont get enough sleep? i cant get pregnant How to differentiate between lipoma and breast cancer or anyother condition that has the symptoms mentioned below Why does a man need to remove hair from his chest and legs? anger issues making me hit myself in the head and chest, how can i stop doing this? ended up getting mri to check I had upper chest pains with a cough hurting my throat and now im getting cold symptoms, can this be pneumonia? vibration like sensation in left side chest, feels like vibrating phone lump in chest Pain in middle of chest for weeks now. is headache a sign or symptom related to contrast dye Pain in left breast and left arm I've just started taking birth control, could it be causing my chest pains and headaches? Can a Woman have a heart attack and not know it? I have had deep dull pain in my back, left shoulder blade towards middle and middle of my chest and below my breasts. need help with pains in my chest; what does it mean when you have cramps under your ribcage? im on my second implant implanon its 2 be removed next year for the last 2 weeks been having breast tenderness all over My husband stopped breathing during sleep and woke up gasping for breath, what could this be? what do lumps feel like? heart attack?, having sudden shortness of breath, tightness in chest and back area but doctor thinks its acid reflux.  42yr old male chest,shoulder,back on left side aches. sent home from clinic with tylenol 3 should he take them? I had a quadruple by pass 4 years ago. Recently, when i sneeze, it causes strong pain in my chest, similar to post op. My rib cages hurts?! Can Ulcers Cause Chest Soreness or Pain?  Is melatonin affects the heart in any way . when I took 5 mg after two nights couldn't sleep and felt heavy in chest Why would my doctor order a chest xray when testing for allergy? Is Chest Binding for teenage girls safe? I have severe chest pain on the left where my heart should be. The pain is triggered when I eat and excessive smoking is a male sterele if he doesn't have hair on his chest? what does scoliosis is evident mean from an xray of the heart? Peace of mind, could she be pregnant?  Could she be pregnant? I would like some peace of mind.  Heart failure? I drink everyday and smoke sometimes doctor says heart is fine but chest hurts and shortness of breath what can it be my 8 yr old daughter hit her chin on her chest during gymnastics saturday.  can you get anY STD's from a man sperm on your chest? Possible HIV/STD exposure question. Thanks in advance Why do I keep having chest pain everyday? It's non-cardiac and I take NSAID's for them. I have an extreme itch on my back with no visual signs at all. It itches and stings and spreads. Any idea what it is?  I'm a 19 year old female. Ever since I was little I get intense chest pain to where I can't breathe. Doctor or no? prolonged neck stiffness after accident Signs of Panic Disorder, or a heart problems? Strange overwhelming feeling at base of throat/ upper chest area have been sick for over a month, already finished two rounds of antibiotics and I am still not well I went to the ER last night with chest pain going into my right arm. I ejaculated on my girlfriends chest, can it drip down and get her pregnant? for ~2 wks, I've had mild-serious chest pain, jaw pain, and also mild fever 1x. Should i go to ER? had shingles 3 weeks ago...now i have little red tiny spots on my neck and chest? related?? http://www.musclegainhelp.com/elite-test-360/ I'm 54, last six mornings have had tightness and pain under sternum that goes away after a couple of hours. I have been having bad chest pain for a week. It is not my heart evey test for the heart was ok including caterization. Chest tightness and constant need to take deep breaths I get sharp chest pains on the left side near my heart. They dont last long but it happens often. What are symptoms of congestive heart failure Painful knot in breast cavity. What could it be? My girlfriend was diagnosed with Pericarditis. She is 17. should i be worried? Is it really serious at this age? possible fracture? Teen overweight girl masturbated twice and is suffering from chest pains hours after 