What should I do to prevent heart attacks and strokes? What are the symptoms of heart attack in women and how is heart attack diagnosed? What are the risk factors for atherosclerosis and heart attack? What are panic attack symptoms and signs in adults, teenagers, and children?  What is the treatment for neck pain? What are home remedies for neck pain? What are other symptoms that are associated with neck pain? What is the difference between men's and women's heart attack symptoms? What does vitiligo on the neck look like? Any tips on finding healthier snacks that are going to keep me full? I experienced a TIA after giving birth. Ive been on aspirin therapy, but am 6 weeks pregnant. Should I stop taking it? I live on the East Coast, where deer ticks are a problem. Won't bug repellent be enough to ward off the ticks? What is the best over-the-counter skin treatment to combat aging neck skin? I have a lot of sun damage on my neck. Would it be better to do a chemical peel or laser resurfacing? I am a fair skin Afro-American male, and I have hyperpigmentation on my neck and arms. What can be the cause of this? I have a patch of dry, flaky, itchy skin on my cheek. It has spread to my ears, neck, and forehead. Is this psoriasis? Botox is expensive and redoing it every few months adds up. Are there any that last a year and can help turkey necks? Can my wrinkled neck be lasered or peeled too? Can having new carpet installed cause an asthma attack? What type of docotor can help me get rid of unwanted facial hair on my cheeks, chin, and neck? When I eat nuts, I break out in cold sores, canker sores, and neck rash. Is this a common reaction? Can you get sick to your stomach when you are stressed or having a panic attack? Could caffeine cause my panic attacks? What medications and treatments are available to treat Neck Pain? What are the symptoms of Neck Pain? What can I do about swelling in my back and the back of my neck during a fibromyalgia flare? My primary doctor diagnosed me with anxiety disorder and prescribed Xanax and Zoloft. Why do I still have panic attacks? I've had panic attacks since 2005. No medicine has helped, and it's ruining my marriage and my life. What can I do? My husband has severe asthma attacks. He's getting worse, despite maximum doses of meds. What can we do? I have tinnitus and was told that I may have had a jaw trauma or neck problems. How can a dentist test for jaw problems? How do you correct breathing from an asthma attack without an inhaler? My husband had a minor heart attack three days ago. We have a vacation scheduled in a few weeks. Is it safe to travel?  My husband had a minor heart attack three days ago. We have a vacation scheduled in a few weeks. Is it safe to travel?  How is a CRP test used to determine the risk of a heart attack?  My dermatologist recommended laser resurfacing, which is not covered by insurance. What can I do for my face & neck?  When I have my worst allergy symptoms, I get a stiff neck and left shoulder. Is this allergy-related?  Should I be applying moisturizer to my neck? Will that help to prevent neck lines as I age?  Are there new treatments for turkey necks? Botox is expensive. Are there any treatments that last for a year or more? I had a heart attack two months ago and now take Coreg. Is it safe to take with the Premarin I've been on for 10 years? I have plaque psoriasis that appears on my scalp, face, neck and pants line. How can I keep it under control? I have a lot of sun damage on my neck. Would it be better to do a chemical peel or laser resurfacing? What is the best over-the-counter skin treatment to combat aging neck skin?  Does aspirin help prevent heart attacks and strokes? What is septic shock? Is it possible for spinal stenosis to cause vertigo or dizziness? I have a dry scaly looking rash on my arms, neck and mid back. It is really itchy.  I have sever pain, stiffness and swelling of the neck. Is this normal with a strep throat diagnosis? can a c-secton cause nerve damage in the neck? why does my skin itch when i sweat? The tip of my left hand thumb has been numbish for 2 days, can you explain what could be causing it? Female, 47 yrs. Red, scaly rash on my neck for several months. Tinea Barbarae was dx by Dr. Didn't cure.Cause?Cure? what if antibiotics arent helping an ear infection what to do if tick is not entirely removed and the head breaks off? Sharp Back, Neck and Arm pain on the left side Can Fibromialgia mimik heart trouble? can taking hydrocodone cause sleeplessness? I am having weird chest pains and it feels like a tight knot in my neck and shoulder area. what causes blocked arteries? my mom has had stints put in but they still keep getting blocked. DOES WELLBUTRINE SR HELP PANIC ATTACKS does welbutrine help to treat panic attacks What can be the cause of having black spots on my throat? Have I grown out of my Allergy to egg? my body aches all over most of the day- but extreme in the morning hours HOw soon after you first start taking a medication do u have to wory about going into anaphylatic shock? answer in hours A couple weeks ago I noticed i had a lump on my neck, its relatively solid and hurts when pressure is applied can panick attacks happen only during taking a test in school? What are some healthy and satisfying snacks for the 7:30-8pm munchies that wont wreck my diet? Lumbar Puncture Complications .... pain by my hip bone, feeling sick after i eat large painful lump on back of the neck by spine small bumps under skin pea sized My son 2 years old, during his sleep, he got like shock. does he need EEG test How long does it take for fungal meningitis symptoms to occur? Is Paxil regarded as an "all-round" a/depressant? Are there other SSRIs that address more specific parts of the brain? No one seems to know but I can't feel any pain in any of my skin area on my entire body? What does it mean? Steroid shot in neck, 3 days ago - under heavy sedation with 3 sedatives, now have inability to control body temp? i am having a severe migraine that wont go away and now i am having severe pain behind both ears in the bone I had Carpal Tunnel Syndrome surgery at least 10 yrs ago both hands.Now my rt hand tingles again can the CT grow back? can my neck pain be causing my earache treatment for dark pigmented spots It is possible for a pinched nerve in the shoulder to have symptoms similar to a heart attack? Sometimes when i turn my neck sudden i get a very sharp pain almost like a jolt up the back of my head to my brain. does degenerative disc disease in all cervical vertabras cause pain neck stiffness dr says i shouldn't have pain.... For a neck injury involving broken vertebre, what is the best way to heal? Medication?  Was in shower this morning, slipped and fell and hit the back of my neck on the toilet. Should I see the doctor or not?  I am hungry all the time, no matter what or how much I eat. What could be causing this? i just recently had a wound closed on my neck and shoulder. the bottom of the wound is red and puffy is it infected? I've been on my period for ~6 weeks. I am a 16 yo. There is extreme pain and sensitivity in my vagina,and itching. Help? How do I get off of Zoloft and what are the side effects during this time? For Diabetes Diet,an article suggested Brkfst-Lunch-Dinner 360cal/540cal/640cal.Is 300/500/300,with snacking not good? my husband had a heart attack at home and I have a lot of fear it will happen again, is ptsd causing this fear?  What is the best bedtime snack that will not raise your morning blood glucose reading? I am 86. I survived congestive heart failure. How much exercise should I expect to undertake? Heart throbs in my neck. will Triamcinolone acetonide cream help bell's palsy? chest neck arm pain began 2or3 years ago aft heavy work . lasting 30 mins. now any activity even showerlasts 8hrsor more My daughter has a lump on the right side of her neck. It feels hard and is tender. What can I do to help ease chest pain??  47,male acne, tried antibiotics, met.top.0.75%,hydcort,val.0.2%,Prednisone 20mg x16days,not helping. whats next? HELP!!! had neck surg - will vicodin increase bp? i normally have low bp but it is now 150 /100 mri showed bilateral mastoiditis but don't have mastoiditis, pressure and headaches 24/7. any other mastoid diseases? Inside of my left ear and palatine tonsil is very swollen and red! HELP! I am 31 years old and 240 lbs, I have worked out for over three weeks. During work out or a hot a summer day temporary red vesicles appears on my skin and they itches until disappears. Why? Am I having a panic attack? I'm having severe constant stabbing pain in the top of my left shoulder. Hurts when I breathe. What's going on?  I was seen in local er for sever headache on Monday, had ct and lumbar puncture, now still have headache neck/back pain What can I say to a friend while she is having an anxiety attack? 25 year old female long dark hairs above and below belly button, on my chest, neck and around the nipples. whats wrong I have hanging moles on my neck that hurt at times, and are just plain irritating. How can i get rid of them? Is it safe to take Hydroco 5/325 and .5mg xanax? whats the percentage of a 33 year old female with a ldl level of 196 getting heart desease or a heart attack I have pain in and around my shoulder, including my neck and ribs right below the shoulder. What could the problem be? Are there any sexual postion that you could suggest that are less painful for chronic neck and back pain? Itchy palms and fingers bilaterally_turned to multiple tender blisters over past 12 hr_now tender blisters back of neck  What are the effects of lack of sex? I had a heart attack 1 year ago, how long can I expect to carry on taking statins and is there an alternative. i think im having a outbreak of shingles on my head what can i do to stop the feeling i need to pull my hair out?  Had sex with my fiance last night.. After we finished, I noticed he had a tick on his penis. What can I do 2 rid myself of what I think is a Panic Attack My Mom is 56 and has frequent headaches, nausea, dizziness and a constant dull pain in the back of her neck. What is it? Off and on cobweb feeling in head, nagging urge to move it. have seasonal allergies, deviated septum. maybe related? How much ibuprofen is too much during the first trimester of pregnancy? Made this mistake, worried. I have a herniated disc at C5/C6 I have horrible pain associated with weakness, and tingling in arms? what do I do? very painful foot pain What medication should I take for a fever, sore throat, body achs, and muchus presser in the head and neck Could I still have Lyme Disease? My brother have swollen glands all over his neck and jaw line for more than 1 and a half month now. What could it be? I have severe pain in the back of my neck and shoulders. Could this be a pinched nerve? What else could it be? Is there evidence showing the flu vaccine may help prevent heart attacks and strokes? can you have bursitis in the neck at the base of the head? Why do i have a lump in the back of my neck that causes severe head pain and numbness on my left side? i have a herniated disk in my neck i would like to work my abs are there any excercises i can do that wont hurt my neck Are there effects of a long term laxative regimen? I have to take them because of nerve damage due to a broken neck. cough, chest at neck hurts breathing in, stuffy runny nose, sorethroat, temp>100 on 3rd week, no insurance do i need er Constant pain left chest wall more than 30 days after auto accident i am very concerned, why am i still hurting? electric shock in leg can ear infection cause neck and shoulder pain I am a 45 year old man and have little facial hair, basically I have no sideburns. What can i do to promote hair growth? I've had chest/neck/back pain recently with bad headaches, does this sound like stress or something more? Just started Zoloft. Doctor RXd Abilify 2mg for one month to deal with anxiety assoc. with starting SSRI. Is this safe? numbness on left side of face, neck, arm.  Night sweats/ looking flushed in face and neck/ hot and chilled throughout the day. When I am nervous, I shake, sweat, have facial flushing and red blotched areas on my neck. Why does this happen? Please Help! Shooting pain in the right side of my neck and right shoulder when I breathe? Night Sweats/ Feeling hot and cold  What specialist can I get to to have the cause of vertigo diagnosed? My skin is very sensitive to touch, moreso on my back and neck. It constantly stings and feels sunburned What would cause your skin all over to be red and burn. It feels like it's on fire. whats the difference between anxiety and panic attacks What causes severe headaches daily that make you cry, pain behind the ear, and pain in the neck with stiffness?  Really bad itchy irritating rashes on his upper body as in torso chest back neck ,shoulders, in evening what is it?. my father had a heart atack 1 year ago and now has a stent in his heart.now hes very sick can he have a penacillan shot  have pain in the right side of my neck that goes way up into a terrible headache on the right side of my head Im having pain in my chest, throat, neck and sometimes below my ears. It radiates from place to place. Any suggestions? After visitng a chiropractor 2 or 3 times a week for the last four months following a car accident, was told  I hit my head and now it is really swollen why does my throat hurt on the sides? I have numbness in my first three fingers that runs up my left arm/shlder.to the neck.What should I do ?I need to know.. Periodic, almost daily simultaneous Shoulder blade, throbbing neck, and indigestion, causing overall pain. Cause/name? if the brain goes without oxygen for 4 min due to presure around the neck passes out.does the brain recover from this? having right adominal pain in my side  adominal pain had chest arm,kneck pain with sweats and headache lightheadness 4 days on extremeley fatigued with headace mind fog etc i turned my head right slightly ,and felt a popping sound in my neck,and now i have constant head ache on my left side does nerv damage in your back or neck prevent you from working? have bronchitis for 3 weeks. Still have throat pain, constant nasal drip and some neck pain. What should I do? I had a cyst on the nape of my neck removed and now I feel like I have a fever but I don't, is this normal? My 3 yr old has been diagnosed with shingles, he has never been exposed to chickenpox and has been vaccinated. Toddler with fever of 103 for 1 week, then fever of 101 for two weeks. An attack of dizziness caused hubby to shut his eyes and bed rest for 24 hours to recover. In October 2012, I hurt my neck. In November I re-injured the area and also began experiencing numbness in my shoulder.  everyday i get what feels like a toothache in my gum (no tooth there) and pain goes all the way down side of my neck. HARD PROTRUDING KNOT ON BACK OF SKULL What type of doctor is best to diagnose neck and shoulder pain? What kind of mattress do you recommend for a person suffering from neck and shoulder pain? Why am I getting migraines in my sleep through my neck? What do I need to expect when starting my sugar-free diet? do panic attacks last for more than 24 hrs I have a burning sensation in my face, neck, and ears that comes and goes. What could be causing this? Pimple in ear i messed with now my lymph node in my neck below that ear is swollen and hurt what should i do Do you need to experience a panic attack in order to have anxiety? what does it mean when you have bilateral swollen glands on your neck? no pain, visible, 1 yr What do I do if the ER does not see my Daughter when she is having an asthma attack? I have 3 free floating hard painless "bumps' check/jaw neck and floor of mouth. should i be worried Why I feel anxious when I am doing homework or while in class? Why I feel anxious when I am doing homework or while in class? I have arm and shoulder pain, also tingling. I have loss strengh and loss of motoin in left arm. what could this be? For a cervical bulging disk, is ice or heat better relieve. why would i be fine one day and the other all of a sudden be so off balence when i try to walk or stand.  why would I get head aches in my sleep?  What hope is there for individuals who have been on antidepressants so long that they no longer get any benefit? Would tonsillitis cause my 6 year old to have a very red, large swollen lymphnode in her neck? Large red bump leaking puss on the back of the head. What could this be? Pain and burning starting in the feet and going up body all the way to back of neck.(feet,groin,neck My 5 year old was bitten by tick behind the ear and now her lympnoyd is swollen. Should I worry? No fever and no pain  child has a rash causes by latex what can cause lit headed stiff neck tired shakey ringing in head Is there some kind of medicine or tea or supplement i can take for an anxiety attack. before it happens My Migraines have gone from about 2-3 a month, to 14-18 a month. My pain has also shifted. i have had a swollen gland in my neck[under jaw]now the otherside is swollen.i have no ins.will er be best option or ent I was bitten by 4 ticks in the stomach-legs area. They were on me for 2~4 hours. Should I be concerned. (I removed them)  What to do before,during,after fainting? I am scared about effects of first time cocaine use. How long after using it could I have a heart atack?  if you do not have copd, but the ER thinks you do, and treat you accordingly, can that adversly affect your breathing? I get a severe headache anytime I lay down. I am now resorting to sleeping in my recliner. Any ideas? My wife is having problems with allergys to everything, out of no where they are increaseing in what she is allergic to What is wrong with me? Pain below my shoulder, around my neck area for almost two years happens couple times a week Any ideas what it might be? Can laser hair removal treatments on neck hurt vocal chords? a meal plan foe patient with COPD I have sore swollen glands and neck stiffness that is not responding to 3 antibiotic treatments in a row. No fever? I had an episode of vertigo two weeks ago, It was diagnosed as BPPV, how long will it take to go away? does heart diesease qualify for disability Fell down steps and landed on my ankle. Didn't hit head but had vision disturbances (seeing white) for a few minutes I seem to be getting a rash from sweating? I have recently started to have neck pain and headaches. I cannot find a pillow that helps. What could cause this? Can biofeedback detect if I am on birth control pills (Lutera)? can head lice live on your body and clothing how long do i have until a tooth abscess becomes fatal? Is coronary angioplasty with stent placement (in the setting of a heart attack) considered "revascularization" ? What would cause fever with chills every 24 hours. Also, swollen neck lymph node. Ongoing for 2 months. EMERGENCY - I have been diagnosed with trigeminal neuralgia. Having a flare up and face is very swollen, is that normal? is vigous excersise bad after a heart attack I am having severe stabbing pain at the base of my neck on the left side also with pain in my shoulder. Something wrong with my head? what can cause anemia and enlarge neck lymph node in 52 yr old woman? I jump up when in bed, I'm not asleep yet, but feel like I'm falling, heart races, feels like I'm being shocked I have had 3 swollen lymph nodes for over 2 years. 4-5 enlarged lymphnodes in different parts of body 2 cm's or larger (one over an inch) for 2 years. Whats wrong? i am on .5 mg ativan for panic attacks and i might become pregnant this month. how soon should i stop taking the ativan? how many carbs should be in a snack Is an 18 week NONREACTIVE HIV Abbot Architect Ag/Ab Combo conclusive? Severe pain below rib cage on left side worsen with movement Soes Atenolol help teens who have high anxiety at school because they stutter? Anesthesia risky for 6 yo? I have always been a pecan skinned girl after having kids my neck turned black. How can i get my tone back on my neck My fiances neck is swollen on the left and sore to the touch. Extreme sore throat and pain. What could it be? I have pain in my jaw, teeth and neck for the past few days. 37 yr old female- good oral hygiene- what is going on? 4-5 enlarged lymphnodes in different parts of body 2 cm's or larger (one over an inch) for 2 years. Whats wrong? would a sprained neck induce a headache i have panic attacks, never seen anyone have one bad as mine all my mucles tence up like a seizure. panic attacks or not 2 year old son has a enlarged painless lymphnode on his left side of the neck and 3 on the head near the ear from 3mont How do you prevent an asthma attack when exercising? Chiropractor trying to take me for a ride? My mood goes from depressed to happy with episodes of anxiety. I feel like I am on a roller coaster is this normal? if alka-seltzer helps me does that mean I'm not having a heart attack? PAIN IN NECK/THROAT I have a wierd cist on my elbow and every time I touch it, my neck spasms. My friends tell me im crazy, am I? Type your question here.Can cervical spondilosis cause high blood pressure have painful knots around my ears and in the back of my neck running a fever what are they What type of bed is good for scoliosis?Have tried all kinds of pillows for neck pain nothing works. does blood sugar temprarily elevate with traumatic shock? how can i put weight on? i have a fast metabolism  can I re-lactate after 16 yrs and breastfeed my adopted son if I take 1 mg lorazepam 3 times/dy and 20mg citalopram 1/dy Two arrhythmias? what can cause pain in the lower right abdomin Is there a right and left hemisphere in body? All health issues keep happening on right side Can a pinched nerve in the neck cause numb fingers? why cant i get comfortable, fall asleep, or stay asleep i have back and neck muscle knots and severe back and neck pain and was wondering if gymnastics is why and what i can do I'm having terrible ear and neck pain, chest pains, and I have a lump in my left breast. What could this mean?  If you are dizzy and left arm hurts is this a sign of a stroke or heart attack?? What can be done medically to remove hundreds of mole from my face and neck? No one has helped me so far. Can intense exercise and caffine combine to cause panic attacks? Left neck hurts (down from ear) Pins/Needles, numbness on left side. Tired all the time. Lack of concentration I have little black bugs in my hair. They are NOT lice, fleas, ticks or bed bugs. What are they? Lots of back problems, don't know what to do? I am16female. I Have acne all over my back,chest ,arms, neck and face.how to get rid of it.?? BAD neck/shoulder/arm pain two months. EMG neg. Travels neck-shoulder-arm-fingers - right ear too. His. schwannoma.HELP! When I get upset or nervous about something, I get red, blotchy patches on my chest and neck. Why and what can I do?  am i better off to have open heart surgery before a heart attack Should I quit getting the Depo Provera shot? Can heart attack pain last for 3 days I am 24 years old and have a severe lack of energy. I have headaches and severe joint, neck and back pain.  is it common to experience panic attacks with menopause my son has swollen lymph glands by his ears and down his neck  Does your blood pressure elevate with the onset of a heart attack?  have acute sinusitis/have a severe headache,stiff neck and blurred vision passed out. should i go to emergency room Are there any diseases I can get from touching a tick? A tick fell off my dog. I picked it up not knowing what it was. Can u tell me if the e r would help me with panic attacks what causes lower back pain when I lift arms or bend my neck forward Panic attacks and exercise dried blood I don't feel "right". is this general anxiety? while asleep having nightmare couldn't breathe gasping for air, waking no air was going into my throat. Still no air I have upper back of the neck pain and upper back/shoulder pain. Feels like I need to pop my neck/back, but when i do.. can you drain water from canned food and rinse to lower sodium? Can you have a stiff neck with pneumonia? Are there negatives to taking premenopausal supplements when I'm in my early twenties? Why have been getting these odd sensations in the back of my head accompanied by pressure? Is eating smoked turkey parts bad for someone with high blood pressure or diabetes? I have blood in mi excrement, what is wrong?  My 4yr old daughter has red blisters arnd mouth,neck,ears,hands, chest and feet.Is it hand mouth and foot disease? i have a blood clot in myr ventrical in my neck what can i do to get rid of it i take baby asprin now  Is it possible to survive Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever without treatment? can an 18 year old girl have a heart attack Is there any way I can treat my extreme menstrating? Also, is there a name for it?  Female, over 65, alcohol 2 drinks, extreme flush, face and neck. I am a generally healthy 27 year old who has had multiple normal ECG's.. Am I fine?  left shoulder and neck pain when i lift my head up  I recently recovered from pneumonia. Now am itchy all over with itchy bumps on back of head, neck and back. Related? I have had chronic right ear pain for six months. Some days it is so painful I can't open mouth to eat.  Electrolyte replacement during extended exercise my head and neck hurt after falling on ice and hitting head, what could it be? I have been having some chest discomfort ranging from mid rib cage into the left side of my neck for the past week. Help Migraine or something worse? IS TIA HEREDITARY? I had biospy on lymph node in my neck. Dr.mention metastasis and virus and that it was cancer. What does all that mean?  Panic attacks during last trimester.  I am 8 mos pregnant and have a shooting pain from my left hip up my neck. Does this has anything to do with early labor? Treatment for deep tissue hole from cellulitis on the neck. Has been treated with two different antibiotics, gets deeper 3 days on Cephalexin for bulging ear drums. swollen glands of the neck, sore throad. This morning experincing vertigo. Why does my child eat from the garbage Why am I getting neck and head pain? I injured both in Sept. but I got cleared since then. Why is my pain coming back? What could cause blurred vision and sensitivity to light in one eye right after having a bowel movement? sudden,severe grabing pain in upper right stomach,goes under ribs to shoulder and neck.Breathing keeps it going Im 34 years old and have left bundle branch block am i higher risk for heart disease? Had A tick about 5 months ago,got it off but still have a rised bump and now HAVE THE SYSTOMS FOR LYME IS THI possible/ I have scoliosis but is that the cause of having a stabbing, tingling,shocking pain directly on my thoratic spine? I took zitrimax for flu and am still on prednisone. Could this cause swollen lymph glands. Can I self-diagnose PCOS? I have abnormal cells but can't afford recommended CT scan. Are there cheaper options? Do I have cat scratch disease? How to keep your dog from running away is there a cure for vitamin d deficiency Back/Neck/Shoulder/Hip pain how long should neck pain last before i seek medical attention? I pulled the left side of my neck while working out.My peripheral vision in my right eye has been effected. This normal? my 7 yr old son has a sore throat. red in the back and he screams when I touch side of neck. strep? 46 yo female. very foul gas, many other symptoms. ALP 188, Amylase 23, WBC 11. Rule out pancreatic problems first? What are the risks/ benifits in the use of electro shock for dementia patients how viable of an option is this. what is the symptoms of throat cancer? swollen glands of the neck stiff neck/ pain at base of skull/sore, possibly swollen glands/ 60 yrs old//amnot on any antibiotics/no fever how do i reduce swelling in my esophagus? when i swallow it feels like im having a heart attack. In a auto accident now my lower back is hurting been a month why? Can marijuana withdrawal cause panic attacks? extreme low blood pressure after percocet following knee replacement. Reversal drug felt like heart attack. Explain When i look up i get a sharp pain in my neck and sometimes have severe vertigo that will almost knock me down. experiencing what i believe to be hives all over my stomach, chest and sides, as well as lower neck, causing itchyness Why won't my 5 year old son eat with his classmates at school? What squamous cell cancer? recently I feel a pulse in the right side of my neck that goes up into my ear Apple cider vinegar works for heart blocks if so what are all the side-effects? ? Is mixing black cohosh and zoloft safe Shooting pain in carotid artery area of neck. It's enough to stop me dead in my tracks  Can chiropractic manipulation of the neck cause vertigo? Why am I having these twitches or tics that are accompanied with vocal noise? Should I worry about it being torrents? Can panic attacks cause hallucinations?  can neck and shoulder pain cause lightheadedness Iron deficiency Anemia sleep on left side only. Now for 10 months dark blemishes appear down left hip and thigh. bed sores perhaps? I have been taking 8 mgs of suboxone for a week can i take methadone for pain while on suboxone Can changes in diabetic neuropathy be an indication of MS Can a severe anxiety/ panic attack affect your speech for a short period of time. When I talk my speech is off.  Can a panic attack/hyperventialing cause blood sugar to rise? is 13 days to long to leave stitches in on my neck after removing inclusion cyst I have anxiety/depression. I am coming off paxil going on zoloft experiencing severe shock like dizziness. swollen lymph nodes I wake up from deep sleep, breathing heavily, with a rapid heartbeat. What are the differences between contact dermatitis and eczema? stomach swollen and hair loss and lump on side of neck and extremly tired but no chance of pregnacy help please Why does my pulsatile tinnitus intensify when I bend down and lessen when I hyperextend my neck? Should I go for a neurosurgeon or a medicine specialist.  I'm 68 yrs of age. I've used Androgel for 15 yrs. Am I at risk for heart attack since I have no heart condition? My cheeks flush after I eat anything and sometimes at random. It is hot to the touch. Why? My 23 mth old has had a swollen lymp node on the backside of his neck for almost 5 months, his Dr. won't run test. errectile disfunction while lying down or bending head down why would a dr do a doppler on the neck for poor leg circulation? Are lorazepam and Valium safe for epileptics to take for panic attacks. Fear of seizures sets it off. Pain starts in neck then burns shoulder and down arms please help what can i do to reduce the pain  what could be causing pain in my neck only if i turn a certain way or bend it feels like something popping neck pain that comes and goes whenever i bend it or turn my head feels like it pops Surf wave drove me head first into the sand whats shots, if any at all, and what medication is given at er to a patient in distress from anxiety and panic attack ? is headache a sign or symptom related to contrast dye I've been diagnosed with depression and anxiety and I have panic attacks and muscle spasms. What's going on? Drop in blood pressure and drop in blood count severe abdominal pain Daughter exposed to scabbies,Dr, treated with some cream didnt help! Had now a yr, also thinks she has GOUT! No insuran Is it safe to take xanax after it has expired? Lump right under jaw about quarter in size showed up hr ago and is growing painfull n soft part of neck Rotator Cuff Injury Can anxiety attack be confused with heart attack? can i get a tick from climbing a tree? Behind my ear where the jaw bone is at, is constantly itchy on both sides of my neck.  I had a tick on my head near the top of my neck. There is now a pimple like area where the tic was should i be concerned I think I have thursh,have sore neck,ears,throat,and tired I found ALOT of mold in basement ALOT could this be the reaso what should be done about a Cysts the size of a marble on the back of neck, close to spine. Is there some nutrient missing that can be attributed to a person getting boils?  I have read that is possible to develop an allergy to meat, particulary beef, after being bitten by a tick. Yes - No ?? pain in lower neck, radiating into shoulder and down the arm, and numbness in the thumb. what might cause this to occur? How "normal" is repetitive neck pain in very active 10 year olds? Can a Woman have a heart attack and not know it? when i stretch my legs or my uper body i get severe pain like charlie horses i cant stretch at all due 2 pain back/legs Always have tight neck, been having headaches, sometimes they make me sick, can someone tell me what this is? Can panic attacks be caused by beeing in a room with low oxygen and high temperature? is it safe to breastfeed after being stung by a bee on the neck?  Can an alcoholic have a heart attack if he quits drinking sudenly? What type of doctor should my husband see for neck pain..... My Neck hurts once i tilt it back it cracks like 3 or 4 times it becomes very sharp pain once i do this what should i do I am a 34 year old male. Since last two months I am suffering from heartburns. I pulled a tick out of my skin, but the head remained. I have redness in that area. Do I need to get the head out ? can neurophy effect the neck? I woke up one morning to a tick on my right hand palm. Now I have a red spot that doesn't itch. how to prevent fleas and ticks for dogs take 32 grandpa tabs, 2 panado tabs and 2 tramacet tabs three times daily...is it dangerous? Will a hot compress help elevate pinched nerve neck pain? can a concussion cause vestibular migraines?  Enlarged lymph node on the left side of neck and smaller one on right side. What could that be?  What if you can't get a person who you think has a concussion to go to the doctor? Can you have a panic attack without the extreme panic? am having neck pain last from 6 month, took the lot off aayurvedik treatment but no result which treatment should i take What is an Occipital nerve block? heart attack?, having sudden shortness of breath, tightness in chest and back area but doctor thinks its acid reflux.  what causes shoulder and neck pain can you have a heart attack with a pace maker? Can yeast infection cause skin cancer? Is depression withdrawal symptoms danger Is it safe for adults using blood coagulants such as aspirin and effient or plavix to have a tonsillectomy? Is a heart attack or cardia arrest ultimately more life threatening? Can my frequent headaches be related to herniated discs they are and originate at the base of my neck is their any cure for sinus polyps besides surgery I had fusion at neck 5/6 . When should X-ray show it's fusing? I'm 7 wks post. what type of doctor to see for neck I start sweating for no reason starting on my hair line the back of my neck to the point that it just pours off of me. Back pain  Is neck pain common with cellutis in the leg What is the name for "excessive sweating" from the neck up, only? sudden fever chills headache neck pain ringing in ears started about 3hrs ago help Trouble focusing while driving, panic attacks and disassociation with limbs? Trouble concentrating on day to day tasks. Pulsating headache after head trama? What can relieve chronic severe neck pain due to severe fibromyalsia? ED and hard flaccid 5 months adderall can a former heart attack (19 yrs. ago) cause an abnormally on ekg when taking a stress test? Would it be pointless to visit a doctor years after contracting Lyme Disease? what is the test fot blood clots in legs my waist has a pain. and it directs to my fingers as electric shock. My face is very dry from an allergic reaction. Should I let it heal naturally without moisturizing? I have recently been told following some breathing tests that I have a lung capacity of 80%. I am 53 and worried. 55 year old male. alcoholic. heart attack at 44 yrs old. stent. fatty liver I recently had unprotected sex, almost a week later my lymph nodes in the back of my neck and head are swollen and aches Abscess prolonged neck stiffness after accident I'm detoxing off alcohol but I can't afford any meds or outpatient care. I get so sick should I Wien myself or just quit how do you fix a torn rotator cuff and four bulging discs sharp pain under right breast rt side neck pain cough causes instant migrane on rt side normally migranes on lt side What causes nausea during a heart attack?  I sleep all the time, can't seem to stay awake. I work full time but when home, sleep. Am depressed, on meds. What is the typical cost for an epidural? I was quoted between $10k-$20k for one 1 shot which seems astronomical. I have had a migraine for over 48 hours. My doctor just wants to give me medicine, should I get a second oppinion? I had total knee replacement surgery 2 weeks ago, 5 days ago I developed a stiff neck, what should I do for relief? had shingles 3 weeks ago...now i have little red tiny spots on my neck and chest? related?? how long do symptoms of a heart attack last Am I having heart problems or is it just anxiety? For a while know I have always had either constipation or diarrhea and in pain - I also suffer anxiety and panic attacks 2 yrs ago after heart attack, my cardiologist installed stents. He says I need to keep it at 70. Is this realistic? At the age of 40, is it common to "fall apart"?? Currently taking 75mg of Paxil for anxiety. Noticing it is not working as well as before. What should I add to it? can an asthma attack cause petechiae of the eye pain in neck with temp of 101 I felt as if I was on drugs without being so Why is my lymph node swollen in my neck? 