What is a common cold? Does cold therapy work for arthritis pain? Is it OK to give children vitamins or supplements when they have a cold? What cold medicines can I give the baby? Is a cool mist or warm steam better for a baby with a cold? I have high blood pressure, what cold remedies can I take? I have heard that OTC cold meds were dangerous for young children and are pulling them off the shelf. Is that true? What can you take for a cold during pregnancy? I am 22 weeks pregnant and have a cold. Is it alright to take Tylenol PM? If you have a cold can you still get the flu shot? What can you give a 1-month-old baby that has a small cold and runny nose? What can you give a 4-month-old infant for colds and coughs? Is it okay if I give my 3-year-old Alka-Seltzer Plus Night-Time Cold for his sore throat, body aches, and hoarse cough? I keep getting sinus drainage that leads to a full-blown cold. Why cant I get a shot of penicillin anymore? I am eight weeks pregnant and I have a cold. What medicine can I take? I have a bad head cold. What can I take to release my nasal drainage and clear my ears? Sudafed dries me out. I have the antibiotic called Minocycline 100 mg. Would it hurt me to take it? I have a bad cold. How long is a cold contagious? How long is a cold contagious? I am 4 weeks pregnant and my throat is very sore. My tonsils feel swollen but I dont have a cold. What can I take? Can an 8-year-old with a cold have Flumist flu prevention?  After eating ice cream, I have been having pain in my back molars when something cold touches them. What could be wrong? I had a deep cavity filled two weeks ago, and it's still sensitive to heat and cold. How long will this last? How can I treat my baby and toddler's colds? Why do kids get so many colds? Could my 5-1/2 month old's stuffy nose be caused by a cold or allergies? What's the link between a common cold and obesity? Is it wrong to take antibiotics for colds? Is it true that people with diabetes are more likely to catch colds and the flu? Is Vicks useful for colds? Is it safe to take over-the-counter cold medicine if you are taking high blood pressure and cholesterol medication? Is it OK to take a benzodiazepine after a dose of over-the-counter night-time cold medicine?  Is it safe to take over-the-counter cold medicine for multiple symptoms along with dextromethorphan for a severe cough? Can you take naproxen with Aleve cold and sinus?  Can you take two different over-the-counter cold medicines at the same time?  I am a diabetic and have a chest cold. Can I take Diabetic Tussin DM along with Wellbutrin and high blood pressure meds? I take bupropion, and I want to take Nyquil for my cold. Is that safe? I am taking OTC medicine for a cold. My doctor recommended an antihistamine. Should I skip the cold medicine before bed? Can asthmatics use a medicated vaporizer for a cold?  I take Zoloft. Is it safe to take an over-the-counter cold medicine?  Would over-the-counter cold medicines impact the effectiveness of birth control pills?  Can I use over-the-counter cold and flu medicines if I also take medication for a low thyroid?  Is an over-the-counter cold medicine safe to take while you are taking medicine for high blood pressure and low thyroid? Is it OK to take aspirin and an over-the-counter cold/flu medicine together?  Can a 14-year-old take Robitussin or any cold medicine when taking Lexapro?  Can you use cold medicines while taking birth control pills? I have a bad sinus head cold. Can I take over-the-counter cold medicines along with my high blood pressure medicine? What cold and flu medications can I safely take while breastfeeding? My daughter has cold symptoms and the doctor gave her C-Phen DM oral. Does Tylenol for kids interact with the C-Phen? My 3 year old gets colds once or twice monthly since he was 6 months. He eats right and is active. What's your advice? We are spending a weekend with family members who have just recovered from colds. Are they still contagious? Do any supplements, like cold-milled golden flax seed, affect the effectiveness of birth control pills? Can I take an antihistamine allergy medicine and a cold medicine together?  I took some loratadine for allergies. But I think I may have a cold instead. Is it OK to take Nyquil and/or Dayquil?  My front tooth is very sensitive to cold drinks. I don't want a silver tooth if I have a cavity. What are my options? What can a pregnant woman take for a cold? I quit taking Effexor cold turkey and am having bad withdrawal symptoms. Should I continue or go see a doctor? Is there any way to speed up a cold once you feel one coming on? Is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise? Is Airborne effective when I already have the flu? Does talpia have much nutritional value? I've heard only cold water fish have a lot of Omega 3s but is it true?  can my blood pressure medication cause cold feet? I've been on blood pressure meds approx 2yrs. I am always cold even if it's 70 degrees out. What is the cause and is there a vitamin that I can take. Can someone get sick (sore throat, cough, etc.) from being too cold... such as being in air conditioning? Waiting on results of UTI test (my only symptom is urethral pain, not when urinating). I'm feeling cold. Should I worry? my ears are so stuffed i can barely hear what can i do so i can hear again Can I take Robitussin Cough and Cold and Claritin Redi-Tabs 24-hr together? I have a white spot about the size of a large grain of rice, in the back of my throat on my tonsil of the left side. What happens if you drink coffee and took non-drowsy cold medicine? A couple weeks ago I noticed i had a lump on my neck, its relatively solid and hurts when pressure is applied Why do my right arm and hand keep going numb everyday? What causes nausea not throwing up, a 101 degree fever for 2 days, no appetite, no energy, minor nausea 2 weeks later quiting Clonazapam cold turkey is that ok Should you feel week and break out in a sweat with a cold? why am i so cold lately? I've got to pee very badly, yet nothing at all comes out. I think maybe my urethra is swollen on the inside? (male) Why am I always cold? could having bad sinus/cold infection cause sensitivity in teeth and pressure behind jaw/ears. im sick, like what seems to be a cold. and it hurts to pee. This Cold Won't Quit! taken off paxil cold turk..now on celexa..having brain zaps.is this from the paxil or celexa..staying dzzy..??  Steroid shot in neck, 3 days ago - under heavy sedation with 3 sedatives, now have inability to control body temp? is it safe to use an electric blanket when pregnaunt? What is the level of research being done to find a cure for cold sores and genital herpes and is progress being made? constant eye drainage, including during sleep, puffiness around eye, top and bottom I am taking antidepressents and I want to know what OTC cold meds I can take If i took allegra at lunch and benadeyl before bed can i still take walgreens cold and flu relief too? I've become dependant on an over the counter nasal spray to not be congested. How do I fix this? Is it safe to drink chai tea (with anise) during pregnancy? what can cause night sweat to where i have to change clothes? i am 39 and still have normal periods every month? what can I expect after stopping Lexapro and Adderall for BiPolar cold turkey after 15 yrs Physical activity like running or riding my bike makes my body colder the longer I do it. Also anxiety whats the best way to get rid of a cold thats just starting to come in My husband is having trouble with a chest cold and his lungs hurt, what can he do to make his lungs feel better? i fell off a roof and broke a few bones, after the fall I have been very cold, my lips turn blue and I can't get warm. my 22 month will not eat anything and we offer a variety. he has been sick getting over a cold but will not eat I have asthma and was recently diagnosed. Can cold weather and walking in it trigger asthma? It happened to me. is cold water bad for you is DRINKING cold water bad for you? What can I do to help the burning and itching that comes with a yeast infection? How do I make a persistent dry cough go away for good? I've pooped 12 times since I've woken up, all of them diarrhea. What is happening to me? I currently am suffering from the following: LOSS OF APPETITE, NAUSEA, SHORTNESS OF BREATH, COLD SWEATS EXTREME THIRST Should I worry about toxic shock syndrome? Is it true that sitting on cold concrete can cause damage to your ovaries resulting in fertility problems? what would cause sudden a sudden hot flash with cold sweats vomiting and a bloody nose episode lasted about five minutes My hands were shaking and I couldnt stop crying. My stomach also felt like it was being punched. I also couldnt breathe I keep waking up with violent coughing, but feel fine and don't cough during the day. Should I go to the doctor? why don't I get sick? How can i know if my cold/flu has become bacterial? so i can take a ampicillin? why, when i cough, does my head feel like it's being crushed? I am currently being treating for a whooping cough exposer and now my infant is showing simular signs, what should i do I have blood in my flim? Does that mean anything? What does a low red blood cell count mean, and what exactly is considered "low"? My 4 year old has been coughing only in the late evening, during the night, and until mid-morning for many weeks now.  Why do cold symptoms worsen as the day wears on? I smoked cigs for 1 month, averaging about 3 a day. Just wondering if any irreversible was done. I did quit since then. Is it possible to have both a cold and a flu at the same time? Can you take cold Medicine before a knee surgery? Do i have the flu or a cold? Is suffering with your feet burning up at night part of diabetes or of diabetic neuropathy?  my baby has had a cold with rash and acting unusal is there any possilbe it could be? Off and on cobweb feeling in head, nagging urge to move it. have seasonal allergies, deviated septum. maybe related? I'm just at the end of a cold, and my nose is running non-stop. what causes this and how do I stop it. Can conjunctivitis in your eye happen from a common cold? I am 24 year old female Within the last year my body heats up at night My skin feels so hot Its only at night what is it how long does it take to develop an ear infection? what does gastroesophageal junction look like? Is possible for some people have higher than normal blood pressure with no side effects, mine stays 165/90 with med. Why is my skin always hot to the touch?  lower half of my body is ice cold. top half hot. what could cause this ? low white blood cells,low sugar, low blood pressure ,fatigue and a feeling of cold inside legs is it serious when a child gets a rash with a cold?  Is it possible to get herpes simplex type 1 on the eyebrow? I hit my right hand on a metal fixturea few days ago, now im having a hard time opening and closing my hand. Why do I get bronchitis every time I get a cold? Have had a very bad cold for last week now I have yellow discharge from my nose, no fever or anything, sinus infection? My body temp has been at 94.2-96.8 of and on for over a week. other than hypothermia what could cause this? What over the counter cold medications can safely be used when taking prescription 800mg ibuprofen I have pain in my throat, but only when I swallow. It feels like a lump above my adam's apple. What could it be? How long does it take for the oral contraceptive to get out of my system?Is it possible to have side effects after 3 yrs my daughter has a cough, mostly when asleep. No temp and no flu symptoms. Should i be worried? How many hours into cold or flu can we infect others? Is it safe to say that after 48 hrs, we don't have to worry? I had sudden 15 min extreme blurred vision after being out in the cold for 40 min and fasting 36 h. Likely Ive Diabetes? Is 6 months the ideal age to spay a female dog? symptoms-stuffy nose, head in a cloud, coughing(rasping),bring up mucous,so far 7 days  What will happen if you stop morphine cold turkey? What would cause your skin all over to be red and burn. It feels like it's on fire. I was exposed to mouse droppings two days ago, now I'm achy, coughing and sneezing nonstop. Is it hantavirus? My right hand and feet are always cold and sometimes tingly. What could that mean? my right ear feels clogged and i can hear myself echo? suggestions please!!!!!!! I was told quiting smoking "Cold turkey" can put my baby into shock is this true?  I am suffering from an acute attack of pancreatitis and I have a cold. Can I safely take Alka-Seltzer Plus ? Should I be concerned or do something else? can a cold virus settle in the muscles of your back why does my arm feel ice cold and wet but is warm to the touch Why am I cold in room at 74F,no fever,adequately dressed,there is no noticeable air movement,I feel healthy,Just chilly. Does cold weather cause more pain in the wrists after having carpal tunnel surgery (one year ago)? what is going on when i have a cold and blow my nose fluid comes out of my left eye tear duct? Would a cold make a diabetic's sugar run higher? My ears popped on a plane ride a month ago. They continue to stay clogged.Serverity fluctuates and I don't have a cold. love keeps the cold out better than a cloak Does rubbing vicks vapor rub on the bottom of your feet when you have a cold work? If so, can I do this on my 1 yr old? unknown sexual partner(from rape). result: sore in vaginal area, swollen, sick, fever, cold sore- not confirmed.  Can my seven month old daughter catch my bronchitis? should i quit taking ambilify cold turkey. what could it mean if urine comes out white and the consistancy is like water mixed with flour?  why do my outer most toes go numb and turn purple at times during Taekwondo (barefoot) and even at home? I am experiencing pain in my back, all over body weakness, lack of appetite and I noticed my eyes are a yellowish color. have bronchitis for 3 weeks. Still have throat pain, constant nasal drip and some neck pain. What should I do? WHAT WOULD CAUSE ME TO HURT IN MY LEFT BREST AN CHEST AN ALL THROUGH MY BACK ON THE LEFT SIDE My son's symptoms started like a cold (runny nose and a slight temp) but now has pus draining from his blood shot eyes. I have a skin rash in the gluteal cleft for about a month now, treated it with Jock itch ointment. Won't go away. Itchy! Do i have a sinus infection i have blood in my snot when i blow my nose?(mornings)slight pain in eyes certain directions Irregular period,last month it came one week early.Period is 6days late, I had sex 3 days before period, no craps preg? what kind of otc cold and flu medicine can cause a positive test for thc? I drink atleast 6 litres of water a day- should i be worried? Can you have a fever with a cold? My tonsils are swollen and have white spots on my tonsils. How long does a sore throat last?   I have a bad cold. Is it safe to swim?? How long can flu/cold causing bacteria live outside the human body? I am having surgery Monday morning, and my whole family is sick with a cold. What can I take to keep from getting sick? For shoulder pain radiating down arm is heat or cold better? Pain in shoulder radiating down arm. Should I use ice or heat? Very cold and unable to warm up? How to prevent ear infections in toddlers? Mild numbness in my lower right leg only. No health problems, woke up three days ago with it. No tingling. I am 23 weeks pregnant and I just recently aquired this migrane that has not gone away for over 24 hours is it normal? Is it better to drink something cold or hot i.e. water or tea, for weight loss? i got a blood clot last year in my lung i am wheezing and sweating and tired here lately should i be concerned? how can i make myself sweat? I've had a cold for a week, the cough seems worse than when the cold first started, I'm also coughing up some blood . runny nose, took antihistamine. developed fever. Reaction to drug or cold/allergy symptom? im sick with a cold have the worst headache ever a sore throat and keep breaking in to sweats. whats wrong with me? help This is day 5 of my illness with no improvement. I've lost five pounds in 4 days. What should I do? I have cold feet some numbness in right foot and cold hands nearly constantly  after getting a cold i took dayquill then a hour lator nosebleed two days later started crying and blook came out fast Why do nipples get hard during exercise? Swollen lymph node next to Adam's apple, possible STD or HIV? I dont know what to do in this situation of my girlfriend flirting with a customer at her bar. What do i do? I intermittently smell an odor in my nose that no one else smells. I have Rhinuitis. how do I get rid of the smell. i have a temp of 96.9 when it is usually is around 98.6. Should I be worried? How to tell the difference in STD and shaving irritation? i had my tonsils taken out at 2, and am now 16, could they have grown back? how long does it take for tonsils to grow back? I got over a cold about 2 weeks ago. In the past 5 days, every day i wake up, i blow straight blood out of my nose. Help Most of the time when I get cold it's triggered by my allergies. is this normal? What can I do to prevent this? Please this is a serious inquiry despite the topic - cold flatulence. Can a prescribed steroid to eliminate a cough damage the pancreas and cause related symptoms? Which will hydrate you quicker, warm or cold water? What could cause diarrhea, cold/hot/sweaty, "wierd" feeling in head, confusion. I try to control type 2 diabetes. at times I feel light headed, jittery, shakes, tingely all over, cold sweats i have diarriha vomiting hot to cold shivers and mild stomach pains How can I cure Acid Reflux? I had blood work done for my Thyroid that came back normal but an US showed nodues on my thyroid how is this possiable? My wife took two Benadryl to help her sleep then found a nighttime cold medicine. Would it be safe to take both? Fell down steps and landed on my ankle. Didn't hit head but had vision disturbances (seeing white) for a few minutes i have discomfort in my throat, feels like cold stuck there weeks now, after oral sex. what u think it is I only have a fever in the evening. I am 32 and slightly overweight. I shake I get so cold during the fever... After being sick, I feel like I have hair stuck in my throat and I have a tiny knot under my chin. What could this be? Struck top of hand hard enough to break skin. Fingers cold and numb. Pain several hours after injury. Worth X-ray? I am getting my wisdom teeth removed in a few days, but I am getting a blocked nose/cold. Can I still have the surgery? Is it ok to exercise with a cold? Both my ears are blocked but I don't have a cold or chest congestion.  will xanax help with my stress Can reflux go unnoticed while doing damage to sinuses and upper respiratory area? Spider bite on the ankle has become infected, deep red, hot to the touch. What wound care is recommended? my tonsils are swollen and it started with a headache and have some white spots on tonsil Id like to know can i take penicillin with allergy/cold medicine. I also take high blood presssure pills. Can an asthma attack be triggered by traveling from high altitude to a low altitude destination? What could be causing an almost hivelike rash to appear on my daughter's skin when she comes in contact with cold liquid Can cold air blowing directly on a body part cause cellulitis of that area? I have had 2 episodes of sudden hearing loss in my right ear with loss of balance leaning to the right and nausea? Does ice cold drinks affect gerds? When it's cold or sudden drop in temperature, why do I get a cold sore on lips? My husband gets fevers a lot more often than me when he has a cold. Fever very rare for me. Why? Is Cold Water Bath Effects On My Sex Life? High white blood cell count, fever, chills, blurred vision. Doctors cannot find anything wrong with me . High white blood cell count, fever, chills, blurred vision. Doctors cannot find anything wrong with me . Why is there pain at my gooch after peeing? ear infection why does my testicle sack droop when i am hot and shrink when i am cold i was so hot in sex befor, but now im so cold in sex... i used anti depression drugs. could this drug cause that? Peripheral neuropathy My hands are hot,cold, and tingle and feel like frost bite. Can I take 2 Prenatal Vitamins in one day if I am getting a cold What kind of Cold Medicine can you give to a child with adhd? without making them more hyper? My legs and Head are really very tingly. I also feel cold in my legs and around my body My left index finger (injured a year ago while weeding) turns white every time I get chilled or handle cold items...why? I was vaccinated about a year ago but cough sounds like whooping cough and it has been going on for 2 and a half weeks Still bleeding moderatly to heavy 9 weeks after childbirth,low energy,dizzy,direaha,moody,cold can blood be the cause? my eyes almost feel like they are straining? Is it okay to finish a pack of birth control and stop cold turkey? Why do alcoholics have night sweats? Can you catch a cold through oral sex? Can you put regular Vicks on an infant? Do most people get infected by the common cold when touching the nose, when touching the eyes, or breathing in droplets? Can I take nighttime cold medicine while pregnant? Do I have pink eye or just an eye irritation? If I go to a DR and tell them I need to quit cocaine cold turkey will they call cops or force me into rehab or something Does ringing in the ear cause the face to droop on one side? does cough medicine help you get better If I go outside with wet hair will I become ill? Can doing this cause a person to catch a cold? Is it okay to double your vitamins when you are sick? why wont doctors do what i ask Does Robitussin affect birth control pills?  When should you go to the hospital if you think you have pheumonia If my 1 year old is getting over a cold (nose is sometimes running), is it safe for her to get the 2nd dose of flu shot? Health - Lungs - Tightness, Short of Breath, Wheezing? What causes patches of tiny purpley/red spider veins on your breasts?  Should you smack or forcefully put a finger in someones chest to wake the up from fainting, Should I be concerned that my child vomited blood and mucus after a nosebleed?  feet become numb and cold after 20 miles of biking. not a problem in warm mweather. can i have oral surgery with a cold Is there a way to eliminate or fade lip/mustache scars from cold sores? what are the best vitamins to take when you have a cold and how much Do infected sinuses bleed Is hot or cold water best for quenching your thirst blister on viginal area Healthy female, 36, 5-7 glasses of wine per week, healthy eater, but sick with a cold. Will I pass a Liver Profile Test? What does it mean when blood is found in my urine?  Will cold climate kill head lice? Why do my fingers hurt so bad in the joints when they get cold? Lingering cold, in sinuses for more than 8 weeks. Could this mean something else? Cold Exposure I have had a cold for a few days, now my adams apple moved to the right side of my throat! running a temperature of 101.9 accompanied with a sore throat after being in the cold for a few hours how does very cold temperature storage affect the use of asmanex inhalers?is it safe to use? I'm addicted to laxatives I want to stop taking them, but im worried I wont have a bowel movement... My fiancee is really cold natured but her body radiates a bunch of heat. Sometimes it's not that bad, but other times... Is it normal to have a cough for 3 weeks after you have had a cold???  How long after your exposed to a cold do you get sick CAN RESIDUAL MRSA CAUSE SWOLLEN LYMPH NODES Why am I going from comfortable to cold to sweating throughout the day.  I've been coughing constantly for a few days now, and just started coughing up a little bit of blood. is your house making you sick Blood vessels in hands visible? Going on a long flight with a cold. Need to sleep. Sudafed with xanax, or sudafed with nyquil? When am I no longer contagious? I caught a cold, then three days later developed bronchitis. can a rotator cuff disorder make your hand cold? Pulmonary Embolism or Panic attack? Is there a specific ingredient I should avoid in children's cough and cold medicine? Many times after eating, and resuming physical work I experience , general weakness, shaking, excessive cold sweating. Why do I get cold after I eat? Can I be immunized if I have a cold? If I have to go out when I have a cold, will wearing a mask keep others from getting my germs? Two weeks ago I got this wart on my inside bottom lip.how can I get rid of it what cold medication I can take with anxiety medications Why is it important to drink plenty of fluids during a cold. Clogged ear from a cold. Have tried decongestants to no avail. Any suggestions? Is it ok to fly like this? what can happen by giving a 4 year old child albuterol because she coughs and is not prescribed to this medication. Can Hot or Warm Water open skin pores and cold water closes skin pores? Can you take a cold or flu going out into cold weather with out a coat or protection? I would really like to know if this is a myth. Does cold water close skin pores and warm or hot water open skin pores? Is heat or cold good for sciatica I've been sick for 6 weeks with what the doctors say is a viral infection but I'm getting worse not better. Normal??? Feels like something is stuck behind uvula. Causes coughing and clearing of throat, but still have feeling Does starting your period make having a cold go away? what could cause my 5 year old daughters fingers,toes, and lips to turn blue and feel cold even when she is indoors   I have been exposed to whooping cough. How can I tell if my cold symptoms are early stages of whooping cough? Should I drink hot or cold for laryngitis wihich i have with a sinus infection?? can prednisone exacerbate cold symptoms? will a cold or sinus infection make you feel weak with no energy vertigo lasting days, triggered by being outside in cold air temperature I spent some hours in the snow.I don't feel like I have a cold but I now have pain in my lower ribcage How to treat clammy hands Embarrassing question but true: I have never produced solid boogers, is something wrong with me?  Do you have to wean off of prozac or can you quit cold turkey? Do doctors recommend use of OTC allergy and cold remidies that are expired ? Can you take Cipro for cold in the chest. how long after virus enters body until cold symptoms begin Can working in a cold environment make my RA worse? Are there aids for a wrist sprain? Wearing a sock around my wrist as the weather gets cooler helps a little bit. i popped my radiator cap too early. burned my hand badly. how effective is aloe vera and how should i wrap it? I have been exercising and started a heart smart diet, now my feet stay cold. What should I do? Thumb is discolored and swelled. Very painful to touch or put in warm water. It turns black when I put it in warm water. how can a lung exray show an infection but the white blood cell count not be raised What happens when you stop cold turkey taking cymbalta? my baby ate her on poop i am on amoxicillin 500 mg and i still ache all over and have the cold chills tired and i am weak? can I stop lisinopril cold turkey I have a red rash with red bumps on the backs of my hands mostly clustered around the base of my thumb and forefinger.  My fingers are cold. I never experienced this before. what is a cold? I am 61,been exercising 3.3 miles on treadmill, 4.4 miles on bicycle,and a mile on walking track,everyday-have cold feet is vertigo an allergy symptom Why am I getting red faced when I am in new social situations? Why am I having these twitches or tics that are accompanied with vocal noise? Should I worry about it being torrents? What are the symptoms of a bad gall bladder I have tennis elbow in right arm, is a symptom that my right hand is cold? I used to catch colds very frequently. 6 years ago, it suddenly stopped, and I haven't caught one since. Is it normal ? When can I stop using baby formula water for formula and start using either tap or jug water I buy for a water cooler? I had upper chest pains with a cough hurting my throat and now im getting cold symptoms, can this be pneumonia? can a woman that has had a cold knife cone procedure have kids? Can you get cold sores from mono can I stop taking my medicine cold turkey Can I stop taking Chantix "cold turkey"? Been on it for 5 months. Or should I taper off? is it safe to wrap warm or cold food in a product like saran or other plastic wrap? Is it good for your body to constantly change from cold temperatures of 70* to hot temperatures of 100* every 3 hours? Could I be pregnant or have an STD? How can I shrink under-eye bags caused by a retinol-based face lotion? After shower. Itchy skin leads to anxiety and panic. Usually fear of contact of sight of dirt and food crumbs and stains Do you need antibiotics to cure strep throat Breathed in welding fumes, pressure on left side of head, confusion and nasal drainage. my husband felland he is alright but has a nasty bruise on his forearm do we put heat or cold on it? what do you do when the person that has schizophreina wont get help and is becomming distructive and violet... can my dog catch my cold? Do you pass out if you are having a stroke? I've had a cold for about a week and a half and its not going away? I think its a cold anyway. Could I have mononucleosis again after being better for just two weeks? Why is my stool yellow and is it something I should be worried about? Risk of infection of cold sores when should bring child to er for cold What does pharyngitis mean? Is it Pinkeye or not? Last night at 8pm my daugter that is 5 yrs old had a fever of 101 gave Tylenol then again at 6 am she had a fever again Is there any help for those of us that are offered insurance through our employer, but it's still too expensive. can kidney issue cause premature ejaculation / ed ? Why can't I taste food when I have a cold I'vebeen dx'd with hypothroidism and am taking Levothroxine for approx 3yrs, but my symtoms remain the same. in winter i have cold feet and toes pain,sweeling and redness and can't walk If i cook while I have a cold, can others catch my cold by eating the food? why do i get a sore throat everytime i go near saltwater? I never go in, I just stay on a boat or dock. My son has had 3 nosebleeds a day for 2 weeks now. 2 days ago he passed out after having a nosebleed. Is this serious.  Why is my lymph node swollen in my neck? is it ok to take decongestants at bedtime? will exercise while having a cold or flu get rid of it faster? 