How do I prevent going soft when I put on a condom? Is it possible to be irritated or get a small discharge from certain condoms? What are some slang terms for condoms? My girlfriend recently changed the time of day she takes her birth control pill. When is it safe to stop using a condom? Can I get gental/oral herpes from my girlfriend who has gental herpes If I use a condom?  latly when i get an erection when i try to adjust it so its alittle more comfortable i get this painful sensation Used plan B twice this month. now have vaginal bleeding and lower abdomial pain. not sure whats wrong. any suggestions? How can you remove a condom that could possibly be stuck inside your buttocks? Whenever my husband ejaculates (w/o a condom), I have an excruciatingly painful burning sensation in my vagina. Why?  Is sex safe without protection since i've been on birth control for over 7months,or is the pullout still needed?  Due date of February 10, 2013. Had sex w a guy on 5/17 w a condom an had sex with a guy on 5/20 w out a condom. Father? I am unable to achieve and substain an erection during sex. What are the main causes and solutions? Less masterbation? if i have oral herpes can the girl get it if we have vaginal sex, dont kiss or have oral sex, but dont use a condom? me and my ex boyfriend now have the herpes virus, should we still use a condom if we have sex with each other? Read the details, I can't write it all in here. When should I take a pregnancy test? I had sex 2 days after getting off of my period. Used condom but want to be sure. We are exclusive. She has been on the pill for months. We have both been tested for STDs. Is condom use needed? Is it possible to get chlamydia from a tattoo? What reason is my glans and penis have erythema and blisters after having sex with my wife? On birth control but I skipped the sugarpills and started a new pack. Had sex-condom. Pd for last month, possible preg? Girlfriend has been on birth control for 6 days (Orsythia), today the condom broke. Do I need to buy plan B? On Birth Control Pills and used a condom but it came off could there be a chance I could be pregnate? I found 3 seperate itchybite looking scabs on the midshaft of my penis. Not even 5mm in diameter and dont hurt. can someone get pregnant if the condom didn't bust. I can't keep an erection when using a condom. If I take the condom off I regain erection. What can I do to fix this? MY HUSBAND HAS HERPES, CAN HE INFECT ME IF WE DON'T USE A CONDOM, ?  Took pills late 2 days in a row after sex with a maybe leaked condom. Chance of pregnancy? Have been on Yaz for 2 years. Causes of genital warts without sex? Could I be pregnant without penetration? I went off birth control and have been using condoms. I am a week late for my period. Is that normal? is there any chances of being pregnant though i had my period but i'm worried because we didn 't used condom propaly i have a first time sex experience,23 aged boy using a condom, but i just ejaculated even bofore inserting into her,WHY? can UTI's be caused by using latex condems? I took HIV western blot test. the result is negative do i have the risk HIV My boyfriend and I had sex using both the pill and a condom. The condom broke. Should I worry about rubber inside me? I'm a 13 year old girl who has not begun her period... Would it be safe to begin sexual interaction with my boyfriend? Hello. I am an 18 year old cheerleader. I haven't seen my period since late October last year. Any advice? i had sex saturday night at 3am the condom broke and i took the after pill monday.  Can a girl get pregnant from precum the day after her period, then taking the morning after pill. My boyfriend suggested the depo shot so we could eliminate condoms. And im worried about side effects. Is it safe? What would cause vaginal bleeding the next morning after intercourse?? Could I be pregnant? ive been on birth control for 2 months, still no period and have sex without condom regularly. pregnancy test say neg Greetings. My wife of 17 years and I EACH want to be seduced by the other. However, last night, we had VERY GOOD sex.?? is it safe to take more than one plan b one step pills in a 72 hour period? Had surgical abortion 10w ago, had no follow up. Still no period. Use condoms, needed M.A pill once. Is this normal? I can ejaculate multiple times but my first ejaculation is within 2-3 minutes, how do i delay this? i have genital herpes. i am on meds. no out breaks for three years if i use condoms during sex can i spread herpes? I have one hard lump with white pus and a few tiny blisters at waistline. Herpes or abscess or something else? Is it ok to let my boyfriend ejaculate inside me if I am on the birth control pill and have been for a year? What are the chances of becoming pregnant while using a contraceptive and no condom? Just diagnosed with HPV. Do my huband of 17 yrs and I need to always use condoms for life now? Will birth control stop pregnancy if he comes inside of you? havent got my period in 2 weeks, what may be wrong? I have been on my new pill pack for 4 days. If i stop taking them, will i get my period? 17yr missed period in April,spotted in March nothing in June. Pregnacy test negative. on depo shot last year. about having oral sex my boyfriend didnt cum, but can he still pre cum? We had sex with a condom on and it popped and i was ovulating is there a chance i could get pregnant? Could a female get genital herpes from an asymptomatic male who always wore a condom? I am on the pill and a condom was used. Pregnant? Can a woman get pregnant if she had her period 2 days after sex and it was heavy the first day and light 3 days after? Is there any chance of getting genital herpes even if we use condoms and never have sex during a break out? My gf's period is late over 10 days now. We did have unsafe sex after foreplay like 3 mins and wear condom. Pregnant? Can condoms cause the vaginal area to become red and swollen? How can you tell if a condom fits properly?  Could i be preganant with two negative pregnancy test results? If the condom did not break what are the chances of still becoming pregnant? What are the chances of getting pregnant even if the condom didn't break? Is there a safe alternative to latex condoms for the prevention of herpes for people who are allergic to latex? My husband smokes marijuana but I do not. Is it possible for me to fail a drug test due to daily exposure to his semen? Hiv exposure or over worrying? Can you have a period while pregnant? Had sex with no condom during "fertile" days while on the pill. Is it likely that I could get pregnant? Received oral sex i had sex with my husband condom and tubes tied. had two babies they said i wouldnt have.. can i be preg? If we use a condom birth control and the pullout method how likely is it that my girlfriend will get pregnant?! I had sex (no condom, no pill) Aug 7th (three times, and he ejaculated inside all three times) and then once on the 8th. I just got the implanon after about 9 months of being on Loestrin. Is it now safe to not use condoms? Can a female ejaculate a white sticky substance similar to semen? Can u lose the condom inside the vagina? Can you contract HIV when using a non-latex condom or chlamydia? had sex with an escort. i did use a condom. now i think i have hiv. am i rational? how soon would i know? Birth control options? can you get HIV from a broke condom? I was on birthcontrol for 5 months the last three days of every pack I spotted. I went off birthcontrol.  Vaginal dryness and lack of sex desire because of birth control pill? Bumps on vagina, what is it???? have hormone imbalance is that the reason why i spot after having infrequent intercourse. should i take birth control Can STDs be transferred through indirect contact? If the condom breaks and he pulls out right away and I'm not on birth control. what are my chances of being pregnant? How long does the morning after pill stay in my system? How long does a morning after pill stay in my system? Broken condom during placebo week, no ejaculation, still got my period. Chance of pregnancy?  Could I be pregnant? Other than condoms and oral, hormone based pills, what contraceptives are effective? I had protected sex, the condom didn't break, and he didn't ejaculate. how to avoid getting pregnant the natual way? I started period on 11/3 and lasted to 11/7. About a week and a half later, 11/17 stared spotting dark brown, pregnant? Started Period 11/3; now on 11/17 started spotting brown for 2 days. Why? had anal sex by using codom but still got late period?  HIV Possibility? Hi I shaved my genital area andonce it started to grow bback I noticed I had some bumps in the area. Can having sex with a condom cause a woman to have a yeast infection? had sex, the condom got stuck inside of me. Not knowing this, to be safe I took plan b, then it fell out the day after Does the affordable care act cover condoms and other contraception for men, too (or is it just for women) ? Can my girlfriend be pregnant? Will my girlfriend be pregnant? am i pregnant? here is my story. When is it safe to have sex after having a stillbirth? Pregnancy possiblity? whats my chances of being pregnant if i used a condom and no ejaculation. i'm very paranoid. How long will a used condom remain elastic in an environment such as under a couch cushion? Sex 2 weeks ago. No condom broke but there was unprotected oral! full test 13 dys aftr. Was -, how reliable is tht All my test were negative. I just wanted to know if they are acurate after 13 days. Especially for hiv.  Okay I'm gonna give all the details because I'm freaking out and I just need answers. If the condom falls off outside of the vagina as he was pulling out the final time can I still get pregnant?  What are chances of being hiv+ after protected sex with a callgirl if following additional details are true. How early can I test to see if I am pregnant, before missed period? is it normal to miss A period since being off depo for a year One day late period; Sick during ovulation, Had protected sex once. Am i just late or pregnant? Help please can a little bit of sperm get you pregnant? Could i be Pregnant? does spermicidal condoms highers my chances of preventing pregnancy if something leaked during anal sex? percentage? What is my risk for HIV? I am white heterosexual male that had vaginal intercourse with a white female. Small red whelp like bumps and red dots appear on penis after unpretected sex and the next intercourse it itches?? What is my risk of contracting HIV? had protected sex and condom broke. im on birth control and got period 2 days later. could i become pregnant? Plan B One Step couple days before period could my girlfriend be pregnant ? How soon can you have sex after having thrush? Im late on my period, could i be pregnant? The day after my period ended, I had sex with my bf, he inserted his penis for a minute before putting condom on.  Do I have HIV? oral sex with my husband my mouth react as if I was allergic, like latex,palat tongue,lips swell Condom or Diabetes(?) Is it dangerous for a woman to use birth control over age 40? If I had unprotected sex and then got my period three days later, could I still be pregnant? how am i suppossed to pull out a condom that i tryed pulling out at the time and now it is lost? I believe my boyfriend has urinary incontinence. Even though I don't notice leakage during sex, can it cause UTI's in me Yesterday and today i noticed small traces of brownish blood in my underwear and when i go to the bathroom Could I be pregnant? On pill, recently sex. active WITH condoms, but no period in 2mo. 4 neg preg tests over 6wks. Worried could be pregnant after ejaculation in 1st condom entered vagina again of hooker with fresh condom. Groin penis itch after 5 days. Hiv ? on the patch, but this is my off week or period week but I am not on my period my boyfriend ejacqulated in me.pregnant ? During intercouse, could shards of glass go into the vagina if they are on the condom? If so, could they be removed? Can pre-cum get a girl pregnant? even if i didnt actually cum at any time Will a condom protect a man from a yeast infection My period is late. I'm safely sexually active. With condoms and even pulling out while also using one. Taking biotin. Missed Period by 3 weeks.  The condom fell off as I was pulling out for the final time Can my girlfriend get pregnant if I cleaned the precum off and pulled out? ASAP  I had sex four days ago. He was really drunk and for part of it the condom fell off.  My boyfriend pulled out to ejaculate and then put it back in with no condom. Can I get pregnant? If I used a condom with my new partner, how likely is the chance that I gave him Trichomoniasis?  I am post menopausal and my partner has had a vasectomy. Can we use coconut oil safely as a personal lubricant? Can you get pregnant while on the hormone implant? Been on birth control for almost a year but I've been having pregnancy symptoms? Possible STD exposure? I'm on birth control and missed my period on the inactive pills. My bf ALWAYS uses a condom. Could I be pregnant? Took plan b because of the possibility of precum on the condom. Got two periods since (June 25). Pregnant? Can having sex throw off your cycle or could it be pregnancy? Am I pregnant or is it side effects from my birth control Missed period 3 days after sex? Is it safe to have sex with a condom while being treated for chlamydia? If I've been on the pill for at least four years, is it okay to not use a condom? We've only been with each other ever. I haven't had my period but my body feels different.I have most symptoms. It has been 2 1/2 weeks since i had sex. HELP After having sex with my wife, my privite smelled like a condom which we haven't used for a few months. Why? I began a new pill 1 month ago yet I'm having a normal period. I haven't missed a pill. Is this normal? Am I protected? I am a day late on my period. I have all the usual symptoms I took the pack 2 day late and was late on 1 pill, pregnant? Why are my breasts so sore What are my pregnancy odds? Possible HIV/STD exposure question. Thanks in advance i was dumb and went in about an inch wth no condom for about 30 sec.  i was dumb and went in about an inch wth no condom for about 30 sec.  WHAT CAN I DO TO KEEP MY SEXUAL PARTNER FROM SUFFERING ILL EFFECTS FROM MY MEDS? Could I have an STD? Or an I just ovulating? i am getting my period every 2 weeks. this is abonormal for me. Intercourse and all of my past and current partners always complain of a vaginal infection/yest infection  Paranoid and terrified of HIV - so I'm one of those super paranoid girls who thinks I can get HIV easily.  Had sex 4 days ago I'm on birth control, but I'm late and never have been when should I take a test? she is due Nov. 20th she concieved Feb. 26th I had sex with her Feb. 5th, but she said she had sex with 2 others. Mine? she is due Nov. 20th she concieved Feb. 26th I had sex with her Feb. 5th, but she said she had sex with 2 others. Mine? Could I be pregnant? pregnant? I had sex in March and the condom spit . I have PCOS , taking the contraceptive pill.no bump and had periods. I have PCOS and am looking into getting a tubal ligation done. What effect would such a surgery have on my disorder? I was curious about anal, used mothers sex toy, didnt clean it, at risk for STDS? Don't think it was used in a while. How can I get birth control anonymously? I am an adult (27), but I am too embarassed to ask for it from a doctor. I'd like some help extending my sexual stamina. I last with her on top but really short in other positions. 10 days away from period ovulated on 14th and condom broke no ejaculation I recieved unproteted oral and had protected sex anyway i could have ontracred something? Is taking plan B a good strategy for pre cum ? Can I use 4% Benzocaine condoms during sex? Condoms make my penis itchy-what can I do? if i was std positive most than likely the person i had sexual intercourse with should also be positive, correct? period isnt due for another 2 days, but today she found little bit of orangie blood but normal cramps. had sex, condom broke took plan b, am i pregnant? I'm using the nuva ring, can I have sex without a condom without getting pregnant? What are the best days to do it? Hi Dr. I feel a pulling sensation on my vulva/vagina. My GYN is not concerned but I am. my girlfriend was pregnant and chose to have an abortion, 3 weeks later a pregnancy test reads positive 