I have a cough and itchy throat. Ive tried Allegra, but it isnt helping. Would Claritin or Zyrtec be better?  What can you give a 4-month-old infant for colds and coughs? Is it okay if I give my 3-year-old Alka-Seltzer Plus Night-Time Cold for his sore throat, body aches, and hoarse cough? Can I use Vicks VapoRub during my pregnancy? I have a cough that wont go away. I'm 38 weeks pregnant. Im 15 weeks pregnant and am sick with a sinus infection and cough. I have been using a neti pot, but it is not working. Are Ricola cough drops ok to take during pregnancy? Why are vaccines -- such as those for whooping cough -- critical to everyone? What is whooping cough? What kind of infection causes whooping cough? What are the symptoms of whooping cough? How does whooping cough spread? Who is most at risk for whooping cough? How is whooping cough treated? Can whooping cough be severe? How can I prevent whooping cough? How do outbreaks of whooping cough start? Are we seeing more outbreaks of whooping cough, and if so, why? My granddaughter has a cough and nasal discharge that disrupt sleep. Can a 3-month-old have an allergy?  I am taking an antihistamine for my allergies and an expectorant for my cough. Is this OK?  Is it safe to take over-the-counter cold medicine for multiple symptoms along with dextromethorphan for a severe cough? I am 11 weeks pregnant and have a sore throat. I would like to know if using cough drops would be safe.  Can you take acetaminophen or ibuprofen if you are taking a prescription cough medicine that has codeine in it?  Can I give my 7-year-old Dimetapp Cold and Allergy as well as Delsym for her cough?  What does the "DM" in a cough medicine mean?  Can you treat whooping cough with over-the-counter medications? My husband takes gabapentin, hydrocodone, venlafaxine, & hydroxyzine. What OTC meds can he take for congestion & cough? I have had a chronic cough for several months. Im taking an OTC antihistamine, but it's not working. What next? My 7-year-old takes an OTC antihistamine and steroid nasal spray, but still has a cough. Can I give her cough syrup? my regular gynecologist, said that I have a 3cm cyst on my ovary. now the pain is by belly button; it hurts like pulling For over a week I have felt like I inhaled a lot of smoke, but breathing is not impared. Coughing and Uncomfortable. Cough tastes like pennies (metallic), but is a dry cough. Normal? My husband has schizophrenia controled with appropriate medication. Why might he be sleeping 18 hours a day this month?  Can a young child(3-6) who has been vaccinated still get whooping cough? 4 year old who is allergic to cats is staying with me.he's coughing a lot.how bad is this for his health Can someone get sick (sore throat, cough, etc.) from being too cold... such as being in air conditioning? I am having left sided chest pain on the inner side of the shoulder.What could cause this? Would removing adenoids help my 5 year old who has recurrent sinus infections and asthma? Should I be concerned with a bubbling or gurgling sound in my chest after I am done coughing? is the flu shot the same as getting a whooping cough shot?  Can I take Robitussin Cough and Cold and Claritin Redi-Tabs 24-hr together? My lymph nodes have been swollen for 8 months. Almost no pain. I have a history of bad sinuses. Can that be related? My 3 yr old, has been coughing over 3 months.been to dr 3 times; antobiotics, cough syrup. no sleep. what should i do? my body aches all over most of the day- but extreme in the morning hours Type your question here.Wife is 28 wks pregnant. (age 33)Has a sore throat, cough, temp. of 99.1 and voice sounds horse. My son 2 years old, during his sleep, he got like shock. does he need EEG test Can whooping cough be spread from the bateria living on surfaces? can aburterol help my cough I have a bad cough, congested nose, and chest hurts when I cough. What am I sick with? My father had a cardiac ablation done on Friday and was release from the hospital on Saturday. what if your appendix is hurting for 4 days without seeing a doctor? Help, chest congestion, cough, rash ,sweating , body aches, low white blood count ,bottom number of BP High Do i have a staph infection? I have a few flat red spots on my cheek, they don't have any heads and seem flaky Taken Plavix for 7 years, now starting 6 months ago head feels like it will explode when I bend over or cough. whats the best way to get rid of a cold thats just starting to come in Can Mucinex DM and Z-Pack be taken together?  How do I make a persistent dry cough go away for good? Should I worry about toxic shock syndrome? May I give son Delsym for his cough if he is taking Tamiflu? He is 9 years old. one year old allergic to penilillian, found black mold in cup and shows symptoms of being affected by the mold. I keep waking up with violent coughing, but feel fine and don't cough during the day. Should I go to the doctor? Are there any safe cough medications for a 4 year old with dry cough, keeping him up at night why do i still have a bad cough after being off antibiotics for 5 days My daughter has bronchitis, and is on antibiotics (for it and an ear infection) - is she contagious still? How long? no movement in 2 days hurts to try major sharp tearing pain in low L front belly passing gas coughing moving cause pain How can i know if my cold/flu has become bacterial? so i can take a ampicillin? why, when i cough, does my head feel like it's being crushed? my 9 month old baby is Coughing really hard while sleeping I am currently being treating for a whooping cough exposer and now my infant is showing simular signs, what should i do My husband has had a fever and a cough for over 10days now. Not pneumonia (had xray 4 days ago) what could it be?  My 4 year old has been coughing only in the late evening, during the night, and until mid-morning for many weeks now.  Can 2 year olds be given any medication for cough? can a person get tonsilitis if they nolonger have tonsils WHY DOES MY SPIT HAVE BROWN SPOTS can i take cough medicine with antibiotics My daughter is five and every two weeks she gets a runny nose, bad cough and high fever. Why is this happening? Do i have the flu or a cold? my grandma has had a cough for a few weeks should i have her see a doctor? My husband only coughs and spits mucus during the smoking period .Is it the beginning of COPD?OR is he having from long. Im wondering if my child could possibly have bronchitis does your upper back/lung area hurt badly with plural effusion? Can I take 4 Advil gels for a week in a row> This is the 3rd day. tight chest its hard to breath and catch my breath,coughing for weeks now with phlegm inthroat that I'm not coughing up? I have been coughing for 2 weeks. The cough has caused vomiting nightly for a week. Should I go to the docter? If I had whopping cough as a child, can I get it again as a senior citizen? I just had flu and my cough will not go away. I've had a mild fever for 10 days. Pain in left chest/back when coughing. I have COPD I cannot catch my breadth every morning when I wake. It takes me 2 or 3 hours of coughing. Can you help? When I defecate it is mostly undigested food I've been having flash headaches and fevers. what could it be? i am spittimg up yellow stuff Is this a symptom of post nasal drip or something a little more serious? cough, chest at neck hurts breathing in, stuffy runny nose, sorethroat, temp>100 on 3rd week, no insurance do i need er What is the percentage for a heart attack with poor dental health? 15 month old with sneezing, now has some coughing when sleepin blood in mucas when sneezes. What can I do? My 18 month old son will act out around mom. Like throwing a tantrum. Can I be allergic to milkshake but not to milk ? Why is my son having chest pain and his lower left and right sides hurt? is azithromycin 500 mg to take 1 tablet a day for 6 days safe? im pregnant 12 weeks and 5 days.. worried about my baby:( my daughter has a cough, mostly when asleep. No temp and no flu symptoms. Should i be worried? When I am nervous, I shake, sweat, have facial flushing and red blotched areas on my neck. Why does this happen? Had year round runny nose for as long as i can remember. Go through tissues like crazy and dr advice not working - help  i was just treated for a sinus infection but still feel bad- do i head back to the doc? recently developed some breathing issues and have a soreness of lungsany possibilities Please Help! Shooting pain in the right side of my neck and right shoulder when I breathe? inspiration pneumonia?  watery eyes runny nose slight headache no cough symptoms-stuffy nose, head in a cloud, coughing(rasping),bring up mucous,so far 7 days  My daughter is 11 and has ASD. She has a persistant cough but does not cough properly. She's congested. She needs help. I was exposed to mouse droppings two days ago, now I'm achy, coughing and sneezing nonstop. Is it hantavirus? Three months ago a lump started forming inside my right testicle. Coughing and sneezing cause extreme pain. Is it cancer I have a low tempature of 96.6. What is it? WHY DOES RUBBING "VICKS" ON THE BOTTOM OF THE FEET STOP A COUGH? I have a sinus infection and bronchitis (month long). 2nd round of antibiotics (on day 6 of 10). still sick. go back in? pain in the LLQ, temp only 94-95F, cough, weak, dizzy, sick to stomach what shold i do been getting worse times 3 days my right ear feels clogged and i can hear myself echo? suggestions please!!!!!!! Can the common cold make your teeth hurt with all the coughing and blowing done over a week? when I cough a small fleshy thing comes up over the back of my tongue but goes back down when I swallow I have a cough and I'm alsmost positve its broncitus, because I get it quiet a bit. Recently I experienced swelling. can a cold virus settle in the muscles of your back when i cough very hard i go numb and feel like im going to pass out and after it passes i get a headache. I have had a mucus producing cough for 3 months, can this be caused by allergies? If you ingest mold spores, what are the symtoms will adema from congetive heart failure go away on its own Can a premature baby who did not receive the pertussis vaccine because of an intercranial hemmoage recive it as an adult Severe chest and back pain in right side for last 3 days gets worse during sleep or breathe out hard. should i go to ER? Mucus build up in throat from Upper Respiratory Viral Infection- a month later is it normal??? Does rubbing vicks vapor rub on the bottom of your feet when you have a cold work? If so, can I do this on my 1 yr old? Can Penicillin cure a sinus infection?  why do i cough after running Hi, I am suffering from urine incontinence. I am a working lady and am worried. Can you please help? why does my throat hurt on the sides? pain under right breast, had gallbladder removed years ago, no coughing or fever, usually at night  Had pneumonia on Jan 1, doctor gave 5 days of medicine. 95% gone, however when I cough, I get a pain in my upr Left arm is chocolate bad for a cough Bronchitis - Taking Amoxicilian  i slipped on ice fell flat on back now when i breath or cough i get sever stabbing like pain on right side what to do My 2 year old daughter keeps coughing to the point where she vommiting but not running a fever is that normal?  13mo old f/cronich cough lasting > 6months. Barium swallow ..clear. breathings tx of no help. No other symptoms! HELP!!! I have the feeling that something is stuck in my throat, I am hoarse, labored breathing, a hacking cough for 11 weeks  I have a bad cold. Is it safe to swim?? If a child has had polio vaccine at 2mths, 4mths and 6mths would getting IPV at 18 mths harm the child? my 6 week old grandson makes sqeaking noises (almost a wheeze) when he breaths especially when taking his bottle.  How do you know when to take a two year old in to doctors that has a fever and a cough? What do I do if the ER does not see my Daughter when she is having an asthma attack? After taking antibiotic for pneumonia,my son is still coughing. Is that normal? how to know when a flu has tuened into a chest infection in a 3 yr old little boy? i got a blood clot last year in my lung i am wheezing and sweating and tired here lately should i be concerned? I've had a cold for a week, the cough seems worse than when the cold first started, I'm also coughing up some blood . pus material coating the tonsils How do doctors check for a hernia? Do they ask the patient to cough or bear down? Which one is more common with teens? Are there any over the counter cough meds that are safe in the 3rd trimester to use ? can you pull a groin muscle from coughing too hard? Wife has been coughing for over a month. Started right after a round of vaccinations: Twinrix MMR Td Varicella Menactra WHAT CAN YOU DO IF A BABY/TODDLER HAS PHLEGM Hospitalized with double pnuemonia. Then 2 weeks bedrest. Back to work, slowly, still coughing. Can pnuemonia reoccur?  My 14 month old takes zyrtec for her allergies. But has a runny nose and chest congestion. What can I do for her? my 4 year old son has been running a fever of 100.5 and now has a bad cough he says that everything hurts why do I still get morning coughs a year after quitting smoking when i cough i feel like im going to pass out should i see a doctor? Can a prescribed steroid to eliminate a cough damage the pancreas and cause related symptoms? what do you do if you are allergic to pertussis havent got my period in 2 weeks, what may be wrong? I have been coughing up a sticky type of saliva. What is it? After a person quits smoking is it normal to cough up a lot of material. what causes rattled breathing after sex? Can I give my 3 year old daughter childrens claritin and a decongestion med within 24 hours of each other? What is the cause of spasms of the Esophogus? How can it be stopped? can a lab test be done on coughed up mucus to determine if I have a sinus infection? I'm going to start scuba diving. I've been diagnosed with G.E.R.D. and am wondering if its safe for me to scuba dive? What is the duration of whooping cough? Is coughing a side effect from Celocin Pediatric? When should i take my baby to the emergency room for a fever? he is 3 months old, and has a cough.  I have had for 6 days a dry/hard cough along with a lot of sinus pain. Should i buy meds or let it roll its course? Can shingles cause respiratory disease upper teeth on one side hurt, bad. One tooth seems to be pushing down. no allergies, sneezing coughing etc, My 13yrd old has severe egg and nut allergy can she get tdap vaccination for whooping cough and tetanus safely? i have a sinus infection and ear infection. i get headaches, runny/stuffy nose, sore throat, and cough a lot when im at my house but not when i stay somewhere else? bronchitis I have had a bad cough for two weeks and im coughing up clear phlegm and it hurts to cough.  I get a sharp pain in my right ear everytime I yawn, cough, drink or talk, this has been going on for about a week. I get a sharp pain in my right ear everytime I yawn, cough, drink or talk, this has been going on for about a week. can a stubbed toe causa flu like symptoms? had a cough for a week and when i go to bed i get a drowning sensation. I barely get sleep. What's wrong? i have had back pain for over a month it hurts to cough and i cant even lift my one year old son up one step  Diagnosed less than week ago with fluid in lungs, given Ventolin. When should I anticipate the fluid leaving the lungs? what type of cough medicine do you give a child less than one year old and also has sneezing and a slight fever  left side pain under ribs and left ovarie Do my dogs need a rabies and kennel cough shots if they never leave my housr? What kind of Cold Medicine can you give to a child with adhd? without making them more hyper? Have severe sore throat extreme pain swallow cough run nose. Dr say viral. Taking mucinex for days no help. Suggestions? what causes a burning sharp pain in the left side of your ribs under your breast? I have liquid in lungs from choking. Am now coughing up foam and short of breath. Will this clear naturally? I was vaccinated about a year ago but cough sounds like whooping cough and it has been going on for 2 and a half weeks In a healthy heart is tachycardia life threatening Does exposure to fumes from propane and tar for more than 8 hours cause headaches, sore throat, coughing, and sore eyes? my g/f has a cough for 3 weeks now and she has been on puffers and not getting better what should we do? Can you put regular Vicks on an infant? can taking two year old cough medician hurt you What doctor to see for chronic cough showed bad colestrol 186 and plates at 200/ 4 weeks later test bad colestrol 86 and plates at 108 how can that happen Sharp shooting pains on and off all day in the right lower abdomen. Should i see emergency help? does cough medicine help you get better how to prevent postnasal drip that drains into stomach and makes me vomit every morning. 18 years old, crying for no reason I'm sick I am having right lower abdominal pain that increases with standing, and taking deep breaths in. What might this be? Are expired couygh drops safe? Is ice cream bad for a cough? Have a sever pain on my left side below my ribs if I cough or sneeze. Any ideas what it could be? Should I send my 2 year old to a doctor after 7 days of yellow green mucous nasal discharge? When should you go to the hospital if you think you have pheumonia I have a sinus infection and on antibodics, but I have this constant dry cough-what can I do about the coughing? My 1 Year old has a wet cough, runny nose, and rash behind the ear and on his cheek. The rash is new. What is this? is drinking coffee good for a cough. I can feel a bump or knot on my anal area. It hurts when I cough are sit a certain way. What could that be? I have been sick for over a month, already finished two rounds of antibiotics and I am still coughing. how do you break a fever on a two year old and when should i take her to the hospital if i cant get it to break can I put vicks vapor rub in bath water for my daughter since I don't have vapor bath Is Hyland's Baby Cough Syrup safe to take with Infant's Tylenol? When to take son to er?  Is it possible for strep throat to develop while you have whooping cough? Can a severe cough while pregnant harm the baby?  My 4yr Old has a temp of 103, if i cant get it to break, how long shoulld i wait to take him to the doctor? My son 12 yrs old is on Cefdinir, can he take Delsym to help with the coughing? how would breathing ammonia and bleach fumes affect lungs Do you want to be active when you have a sore throat? Does tea cause contractions? zpak for bronchitis, then methylprednisolone for lasting symptoms...period for 9 days, still coughing Is it normal to have a cough for 3 weeks after you have had a cold???  sore ribs when breathing as a result of bronchitis wake up in middle of night unable to talk swallow hard to breathe burning in throat coughing, goes away quickly How long after your exposed to a cold do you get sick what to do if you aspirate stomach acid I've been coughing constantly for a few days now, and just started coughing up a little bit of blood. Does drinking gatorade work just as well as water when thinning mucus? What is the incubation period for possibly getting a URI from someone who has a cough/hoarseness Can you get sick if you just keep using cough drops for the hell of it as if a person is addicted to it! or has a probem Is there a specific ingredient I should avoid in children's cough and cold medicine? Is Diphenhydramine HCI safe in pregnancy? Can whopping cough cause problems with breathing or choking in adults? I am on third day of Tamiflu and feeling fine. Havn't had a fever in 48 hours still have a cough. Am I still contagious? throat still sore after antibiotics Can an infant have ear tube surgery if they have RSV? what can happen by giving a 4 year old child albuterol because she coughs and is not prescribed to this medication. Am I contagious after completing Tamiflu? i have had a really bad dry cough and my chest hurts really bad just dry constant cough what is the best over the counter cough medicen to take while taking tamiflu? Feels like something is stuck behind uvula. Causes coughing and clearing of throat, but still have feeling  I have been exposed to whooping cough. How can I tell if my cold symptoms are early stages of whooping cough? How often can I give my infant steriod inhalers? I hit my head 3 days ago. Throbbing pain hurts to touch and when not. Should I get it checked?  can prednisone exacerbate cold symptoms? how to treat a temperture of 105 degrees When I use my nebulizer I cough, is that normal? is a heart rate of 35 bad with a streached heart just worked out,my chest started hurting with pressure,my throat got tight it hurt to breathe then began to cough/weeze? 3 year old/cough for 6 weeks severe pain right side below then hematoma 2 fists man-size large below ribcage at pelvic area black blue purple referral for infant reflux does cough and congestion come with the pink eye ? Can I get the tdap booster if I never got the pertussis vaccine? can coughing forcefully rupture your spleen my sore throat is causing me to lose my voice?? cough up phelm, runny nose. it hurts really bad. Should you stay away from milk and cottage cheese when you have a cough? Should you stay away from milk and cottage cheese when you have a cough? I have had a cough for about a month now  My daughter has a horrible cough. She is 5 years old. What can I give her? How do I dry up a congested cough? I have had chronic shortness of breath for about two weeks. It feels like I'm breathing in water. I've had a uncontrollable cough for days with fever 99 a sore throat I work with food. Cough all day should i go to work I've been achy all over, weak and out of breath for 6 weeks. I feel feverish but no fever. Is this likely to be a virus? my baby ate her on poop I have been working inside the aircraft fuel tank frequently. I started have cough and numberous ulcers in my mouth.  I have a really bad cough can I have surgery with a stuffy nose What could be my health problem. doctor i had sex about 11 days ago i have a slight sore throat lower slight abdominal pain and a dry cough is this hiv I had upper chest pains with a cough hurting my throat and now im getting cold symptoms, can this be pneumonia? what is Neut abs blood test. My husband has a result of 12.03 .  Sinus infection with a sore throat? And weird cough? EAR INFECTION? I have had a sore throat for a month now and its starting to hurt more everyday what should i do Inhaling saliva by accident down windpipe, causing wheezing and no air coming in or out, tears rolling down face...? I have headaches, mild fever, horrible cough, nasal congestion, body aches (towards the upper bod). What do I have? should you take a decongestant for a dry cough? My boyfriend fell on his hip and injured himself pretty badly and now when he coughs, it causes him a lot of pain.  I am a 34 year old male. Since last two months I am suffering from heartburns. Constant phlegm in throat I have a clear mucousy vagianl discharge, looks like snot. There is no pain, odor, or itching. What is this? can i give my son benadryl while he is taking amoxicillin for ear infection Occassionally I have small, smelly plaque like pieces that I can cough up or "draw" up from my throat. What are they? My daughter has a cough for weeks can be violent at times and no other symptoms. 3 visits to Dr office and not better. Lower back pain and in the back of my thighs and butt? I just found out i have been exposed to whooping cough, I work in the senior nutrition field, what do i need to do?  Can a stray cat pass any deseases on to a housecat that is up to date on his shots, if so, what,  What's causing the sharp pains in my back, right under my shoulder blades? It hurts to breathe. Having Sore Throat from past 1 years.  I've had a cold for about a week and a half and its not going away? I think its a cold anyway. Is using my inhaler before every dance class okay ? I have a very small hole in the roof of my mouth which I can pull air through and sometimes mucous as well When is strep throat actually a problem? sharp pain under right breast rt side neck pain cough causes instant migrane on rt side normally migranes on lt side when should bring child to er for cold Broken Rib, cartilage or muscle? I am coughing up green stuff have had what seems like a infection for 5 days not getting better. Does a z pack work? how effective is suprax Constant headaches, Watering eyes, I sweat a lot in my sleep, Also very sluggish, coughing 