What are muscle cramps? Can vitamin deficiencies cause muscle cramps? How can muscle cramps be prevented? My Gastro has me taking Carafate four-times-a-day 15 minutes before eating. Why do I still feel bloated and have cramps? I am taking 75 mg diclofenac. Can I also take Advil for cramps? Is there a way to stop the stomach cramps and pains my daughter gets from taking Adderall? Is the pain and cramping I feel while taking Provera normal, and should I check with my doctor about it? Can my daughter take naproxen sodium for menstrual cramping if she has a grade 1 concussion?  Can potassium help with leg cramps?  Where can I find quinine pills for my husbands leg cramps?  What causes leg cramps? i have brown discharge, is this the start of my period?It has been this way for a few days?Can I start my birth control? Pregnant? Unprotected sex a week before period. Period came on time and heavy with bad cramps as usual. Reg 28 day 4 yrs Wake up with severe nausea and stomach cramps. After having a large, unfirm BM, the nausea and cramps stop. What is it? Wake up with severe nausea and stomach cramps. After having a large, unfirm BM, the nausea and cramps stop. What is it? What is stuck in my ribs? I have blood in my stool. What could be causing this? I am very tired and weak. My legs and body are aching.. My daughter is 12 years old, and is having stomach cramps on her sides, mid to upper abdom. she is is pain. am I pregnant? I have been having cramps days after my ovulation could I be pregnant? what could cause this cramps? Is it normal? I had unprotected sex and the next day i got my period, can i still get pregnant? i'm trying for a baby and after just a week after sex i seem too be having what seems like symptoms is this possible LAXIS CAUSES SEVERE LEG AND FOOT CRAMPS I have not had a period since august 15. Ive been having cramps, lower back pain,white watery discharge, neg preg. test my period was 3 days early and lasted 3 days but my test were all negative could i be pregnant if u miss your period for one month an the next month u get sever cramps with three days bleeding what does that mean need to know the reason for mis period one month an d next month three days bleeding an after that sever cramps Under my chin it feels kind of sore to the touch. I've looked it up, some say infection but my teeth are ok. can being kneed in the stomach cause a miscarriage I used to have bad cramps before and during my periods.This time there was no cramp and only 3 days heavy bleeding. Why? hand and forearm cramps.started last evening.what to do? Why do i still have periods with heavy cramps and im on third depo shot? I normally start my period on the 1st now they are coming earlier and lasting 3 days w/painful cramps for 2, what is up? I have Arthritis in my knees and my leg stay sore and feel like they are about to cramp is there anything I can take? could i be pregnant? Two days after Ovalation Why did I get cramps after sex with husband that is still going on after 8 hours. Sex is great, My upper abdomin has been getting really bad cramps for the two nights in a row im getting alot of cramps in my lega and sides near my rib cage is this associated with the spread of prostate cancer is ok to take gabapentin 300mg every night Stomach cramps and Diarrhea for one week...what should I do?? Is it normal to get your period after not having it for 1 year during menopaus? My last period went for three months straight, it ended 15 days ago and now it started again, is that bad? I always ate eggs and now I have a diagnosed allergy. How does this happen? What could some causes be for charlie-horse type cramps in muscles all over my body? CAN B 12 CAUSE LEG CRAMPS ? I'm 5 days late for my peroid, when should I take a test? I'm having some slight cramps.and I've been kinda naustated can you have your period while pregnant After sex this morning I got stomach cramps that turned into SHARP constant stabbing pain from vag. to my anus. Ideas? no period in 2 months. 2 negative preg tests. cramps and pains in my pelic area lower abdomin. whats wrong with me? Forget PMS pain, I have PBM (pre bowel movement) pain after the copper IUD was inserted. Is there something wrong? I'm 46. My periods are usually heavy with bad cramps. This one is light with light cramps, but has lasted 3wks. How long after a miscarriage do the stomach cramps go away? when i sit reclined back or lie down on my back or on my right side my leg goes numb from the hip down and causes cramps why is my period less painful than usual?  Sharp temporary cramping under left rib cage? It comes and goes throughout the day. Hurts to breathe.  im 6 weeks pregnant had stressful arguement, i noticed some brown spotting.i suddenly had mean cramp on my stomach (male)Recurring post-ejaculatory "cramp-like" pain in the lower abdomen. What could it be? Seek medical help? Possible causes of leg cramps both or one leg from ankle to below knee outside of leg during sleep. Does Periphial Neuropathy cause leg cramps? Near constant periods on birth control? Heavy bleeding for 2 days, 8 days before period... i'm 11 weeks pregnant and have cramps right after sex, is that normal? After stopping my depo shot my first cylce was normal but I skipped one and now am spotting every three days? I have problems with severe cramps after working hard and sweating all day. I have stomach crampts and extremely bad diarrhea anything I eat or drink comes straight back out. my 19 month old has been vomiting off and on for 6 days and has had the diarrhea as well. Should I be concerned? My boyfriend suggested the depo shot so we could eliminate condoms. And im worried about side effects. Is it safe? Started period 2 days ago, was normal heavy with the achey feeling I always have day 1. Day 3 I have seen no blood why?  after I eat, I feel bloated and get a cramp like feeling, around my ribs, feels like something is sitting on my ribs I had my period two weeks ago, and never had any cramps. but now i'm having cramps. i have also been sexual active Does caffeine help menstrual cramps? 2 wk ago my calf cramped and didn't release for 2 days, odd but tonight it happened again. Really a cramp? other? I have diarrhea and there is a noticable amount of mucus what could cause this? Should i be concerened? I have a family history of stoke due to birth control.With extreme period sympts, I want to take another form to help? i just started birth control a week ago, i am having lots of cramps and brown stringy discharge. is that normal? Im working on losing weigth loss (needed) My period is coming late is super light and long whats wrong im on day twelve I need help finding another method of birth control besides the pill. I take the pill cause it helps with my period. My last two periods the pain has been horrible, even with Midol and there hasn't been any blood, should I be concerned? My period is too long?  If I had sex with one person and had my period 6 days later could i get pregnant? is it normal to have lite period like cramps when pregnant? middle digits of both hands cramp and lock in claw position only at night. Very painful to try and straighten I got my period 2 days ago n started normal symptoms, bleeding light n bloating but no pain dirhreia and mucus in stools what does it mean to have a clear discharge and cramps and im not with child? can a 53 year old woman get her period after two years of no periods? I think I may have started my period but it is a lot lighter than normal and a different color with almost no cramps.  period cramps at 36 weeks pregnant is it normal? i am 51; on BC pills 30 years, went off of them end of March,still no period. get cramps-no period. is this normal? I think I maybe pregnant. I took the plan B pill the dayafter the accident. Could this cause problems?  My period is 3 days late. I have cramps but no bleeding. My pregnany test were negative. Could I still be pregnant? I was supposed to have my period 8/4/13 and I still haven't gotten it. I've taken 5 tests all neg. What's wrong with me? I am having dull cramps and slight lower back pain. Ended my normal period a week ago.  I just stopped breastfeeding. Now I am having the same early pregnancy symptoms I had with my 1st baby. Is this common? Unknown Digestive Issue how is it that i can skip my period for 7 months and still get it late two months later?help! never been sexually active I take bentyl for stomach cramping and connection between that and leg cramps?  My period is due tommorrow. I have had cramps for 1 week and a half. Can I be pregnant? Severe period cramps with nausea and diarrhea what causes leg cramps so severe my muscles feel like a rope twisting I am 39 and my period came 14 days early. Could this be serious, could i be pregnant. I have had a constant stomach ache and have felt very nauseas for a week. And I am on my period. What is wronge with me? Can I get pregnant from precum while ovulating? I am 38, no period in 8 years. I was told I had PCOS and went through early menopause.I started my period is this normal Are Ganglion cysts a type of disability? no period since aug thought I may be pregnant taken many tests past 5 weeks all negative have cramps the past 5 days Why are my breasts growing after a heavy period? missed 3 periods negitive pregnancey test and little spotting but major cramps and neasue and no energy whats wrong? Sharp shooting pains on and off all day in the right lower abdomen. Should i see emergency help? Mirena In for 4 years no period till now light at first now dark Can I be pregnant? Could I be pregnant? I have Endo and I.C. I had a Hysterectomy 12 years ago I'm in alot of pain to the point of tears Is it safe to take gas-x after taking 3 laxatives and not having valv movement? I haven't gone in around two weeks.  What's the cause of my night cramps and subseqent pain in my calves? implantion or light period HELP What exactly is a Bi-lateral tubal? breast sore,leg cramps,weight gain,constapion,heart burn,46 years old took test it was negative any feed back? I recently have a heightened sense of smell, I have heard menopause can increase sensitivity, is this true? i have a 10 year merana iud i havent a period in 6 yrs im bleeding heavy clots with cramps back pain When I smoke I get a cramping feeling in my stomach or diaphragm? What causes blood in my stool, severe cramps, and vomiting? I am about 23 days late for my period. I also been itching a lot down below and have cramps. What can be the issue? I keep getting cramps/sharp pain randomly in my breasts most often in the left breast and some last longer than others.  I'm trying to concieve. My period was late, now I'm spotting with cramps for several days. Is this normal? Negative test Is there a diuretic that will not dro my calcium levels. Is it normal to have painful cramps after intercourse? Recently had unprotected sex on the last day of my period and now im experiencing painful cramps is that normal? Unusual cramping. Help! i had a period nov 1. On Nov 30 i had another period that was about normal as the Nov. 1, but i havent had one since.  Is pregnancy possible if you start a period 19 hours after sex? Bearing in mind that the period was about a week early. I take birth contorl and have never had problems with my periods until now. I have two periods a month! My period was 4 days early last month and now two weeks later am cramping. I have never had ovulation cramps and am 33. why do i have bad cramps and no perid for two years I have been in menopause for 9yrs so why am I getting stomach cramps? Possibility of me being pregnant from pre cum 51 yr have not had a period in 2 yrs diabetic having a period with cramps is this normal Hx crohns,C-Diff. on Flagyl. Have watery stools w/urgancy no explosivness. should I go in and be check for C-diff again pain and pressure when insurting a tampon PMS. I feel the symptoms but there is not period blood or brown discharge, what's going on? can low iron levels cause muscle cramping? What can cause two people in diffrent rooms in the house to suffer cramps in both of their right legs at the same time? I've had stomach cramps for 2 days and signs of dehydration without vomitting or had diarrhea. Should I go to the ER?  Been having oderless white discharge with no odor combined with abdominal cramps, lower back pain, and nausea. Been having oderless white discharge with no odor combined with abdominal cramps, lower back pain, and nausea. i was vomiting two days ago since then I have has cramps in my mid stomach, feeling weak and burping alot Horrible periods - anxiety, diarehha, nausea, and cramps. Please help! What specialist do I go to for chronic leg cramps? Severe Constant abdnominal pain, Yellow Mucous, Blood in stool, Loss of appetite, passing stool causes painful cramps.  I am curious.I spotted for a few hours on 1/9.again on 2/5 and then today all accompanied by mild cramps.what can it be? Could I be pregnant?  Is it normal to have a heavy menstrual period wiih clots for 16 + days  stomach pains, SOB, starving sensation almost all day but then "fill it" and feel bloated, BM only in morning Missed period please help Diareah 15 hr back stomach leg cramps right side mostly, bloating in upper right stomach every 15 minutes with vomiting Why is my 5yr havng so much stomach cramps. When she eats and at night she wakes up crying. Blood work shows nothing. I have on going abdominal pain, what could it be?  Lately I've been experiencing cramps in the back of my thighs and buttocks. I have taking Simvistatin for 4 years now.  Will flexeril help leg cramps? I am 6 days late , no periods ,cramps but negative pregnancy test. Could I be pregnant? Can you ovulate immediately after your period? Is it normal to bleed at 4 weeks pregnant Can finger cramps be caused by a herniated disc? I have a herniated disc between C6/C7. My husband and I have been trying to get pregnant and I out of nowhere started a period, could i be miscarrying? Im 16 and lately I get pressure/aches in the back center pelvis area that ranges from nothing to sharp stabs randomly. I have had my period for almost 3 weeks. Not normal for me. No insurance. What can I do? I been on the depo shot for 4 months and been bleeding for 3 missed period really bad cramps but no period an i keep having to burp could i be pregant? Why is my period not stopping? I'm not on my period. But I've been getting really bad pains that I thought were cramps but they feel even worse .  I got my tubes tied after my 3rd child. Its been 2 years now. I have had my period every 28 days for 6 days. My cycle was always 28 daysNow it is 24-25,other symptoms have appeared. Is this possibly the start of Perimenapause? My period is now going on 3 weeks long. This is after not being on my period for 3 months.  I had all symptoms of ovulation 2/3 days after my period, is it possible? sweating profusely, muscle cramps, low blood pressure (80/75) and dizziness, are these signs of heat exhaustion? what to do if daughter swallowed 5 pieces of chewing gum need help with pains in my chest; what does it mean when you have cramps under your ribcage? What cause legs cramps when you are swimming i am 4 days late, home pregnancy test said i was not pregnant what does this mean. still dont have my preiod. can you have pregnancy symptoms early as 3 days Black diarrhea, severe abdominal cramps, fatigue, lower back pain. Can these be caused by my Depo shot? Is it safe to miss a period for a year? Boyfriends thigh cramped, bruised and swelled up huge. Cat scan, ultrasound done, no diagnosis. ??? Whole thigh bruised. Been on birth control for almost a year but I've been having pregnancy symptoms? i have this weird bubble like feeling under my ribs..my stomach looks bloated but not hard... Hi I have never had a period and I just started on the birth control progestrin and I've had the worst cramps what to do was on depo for 3 months 1 shot had a pd June 1 to June7 June19started spotting brown til June28 no pd yet Watvcan it b My period is 14 days late I'm having multiple symptoms such as nausea,fatigue,light cramps but negative test today help? Is it normal to bleed this much and have these cramps 8 days after my surgery for removal of fallopian tubes/ovary? puncture wound, rusty screwdriver, poss to bone in hand. 6 hrs post vomitus and muscle cramps. do i call 911?  Three week period! how to tell if you have arthritis Can having sex throw off your cycle or could it be pregnancy? Missed period 3 days after sex? how do I get rid of stomach cramps when I can't pass gas? I have stopped taking Celexa for 3 days because I cannot afford to go back to dr. for a refill. Any OTC meds I can take did i have a miscarriage? What can cause severe leg cramps and night sweats? CAN ANEMIA CAUSE LEG CRAMPS I'm spotting with cramps, just finished my period though. What's going on I am 31, last cycle on 8/28. I started again on 9/13. I had my tubes tied 11 years ago, ectopic, perimenopause, neither? Can melatonin cause one to have muscle cramps? should i be concerned with green stool  what does it mean wheni dont get my period I have sore breast for 3 week and bad cramps but no period and its due come already. Could I be pregnant? My period is 3 days early with strong cramping, I never have cramps and my period is always on time what does this mean? First Usage of Birth Control Pills - Severe cramps and discomfort First Usage of Birth Control Pills - Severe cramps and discomfort First Usage of Birth Control Pills - Severe cramps and discomfort My period seems to end for about 1.5 days, and then I have another day of cramps and new bleeding. What's causing this? strange period My egg was released on cycle day 15 and I had unprotected sex on cycle day 12, could I be pregnant? What is an altenative to tylenol Hi, I'm pregnant for 5 weeks. But I have so much cramp on my stomach, you you thinks I mite have a chance to miscarege? period isnt due for another 2 days, but today she found little bit of orangie blood but normal cramps. im 34 bad cramps heavy bleading and blood clots had my tubes tied 6 years ago are muscle cramps related to diebeties?  What is causing my father , 61 yrs old, approx. 200 lbs, type 2 diabetes, on medications, to be having severe cramping? period is late 72 days, no signs of pregnancy. what can it be? Why do you say ALS has no pain involved, then list muscle cramps, spacicity, spasms, as symptoms. No pain? Wrong answer What causes bleeding in stool? Excruciating Abdominal pain after sex. I do have iud  Period with cramps during second pack of lomedia 24 fe Can a girl get cramps before she even begins having periods? After I donated blood this last time, my fingers cramped and did what I term posturing. Wondering what causes that? Cause and Cure for lower leg cramps? 