What are the types of depression and their symptoms? Can depression in children be prevented? What can I expect long-term if my child has depression? What causes depression in children? What are the treatment options for children with depression? How is depression diagnosed in children? Can children really suffer from depression? How is teen depression diagnosed? What are the symptoms of teen depression? How much of an impact does vitamin D have on depression? Do diet pills interact with depression and bipolar meds such as Wellbutrin and Geodon? I am pregnant and having a hard time with depression and sleeping. Is there anything I can do or take to help me? Can dads suffer from postpartum depression? What if my therapy is not helping my depression? Why shouldn't I change my meds for depression? How is depression diagnosed? Can depression be inherited? How quickly do people with depression respond to lithium? I am on three ineffective meds for depression. Should I go off the meds and try St. John's wort?  I have a history of depression and am entering menopause. I was diagnosed with major depression. Are hormones to blame? Medication has helped my anxiety and depression. Why do I occasionally have anxiety symptoms, nausea and muscle aches? I've had anxiety, depression and insomnia for 10 years. Meds don't help me fall and stay asleep. What can I do? What's the difference between "situational depression" and depression that's not situational? If your patient wanted to go off meds and had no major episodes of manic depression for a while, what would you advise? Could my period cause the feelings of depression and anxiety that I get at that time each month? I have tried four different medications for depression. Am I not giving these medications time to work? Should you take your depression medications at the same time every day? Is it possible to have both depression and hyomania at the same time? I have had anxiety/depression for over 12 years. I've taken so many medicines. How can I find the right one for me? My husband is on Xanax, Klonopin and Pristiq for anxiety and depression. He was also given Vicodin. Is this too much? Is homecare available for someone released from a mental health facility for severe depression? Im a 29-yr-old female with ADHD, depression and anxiety. Willl my ADHD be affected by my planned IVF? I'm a 29-year-old female with ADHD, depression and anxiety and can't find the right medication/treatment plan for me. Al I have fibromyalgia, with severe leg pain radiating from the hip area to my toes. Can antidepressants help? Years ago, I had severe anxiety, depression and couldn't leave my house. Its back, and I need medicine. Is this normal? I am unemployed and cant get insurance. I have social anxiety, GAD and depression. How can I get help I can't afford? Does Nardil, a MAOI, help with depression? What side effects does it have?  Our child in college is being treated for depression. We feel more support is needed, but live far away. What can we do? I had a partial hysterectomy in my 40's. At 51, I have hot flashes, mood changes and depression. Is this is menopause? My doctor says I should lose weight. Is it safe to take SlimQuick with Plavix, metoprolol, Cymbalta, Ativan & Lipitor? Can sleep problems be a symptom of depression? Are Folate and L-Methylfolate (LMF) helpful for treating depression?  How bad do the symptoms of depression have to be to get ECT (electro-convulsive therapy) treatments? Can you inherit depression from your parents? My job is causing anxiety and depression. Our department may get shut down. I am on effexor and klonopin. What do I do? Twice in the last 5 yrs my thyroid medication totally quit working. Why would this happen? My depression is unbearable. what is irritable depression and what causes it. was on 150 effexor xr increased to 225- my depression is worst- sweating alot - not sleeping. Am i having an overdose? I was born as a guy but dont feel right in my body, i feel like i should have been a girl. What should I do? Is it possible to have BPD and clinical depression? If so, how can both be diagnosed effectively? Im taking lupron its been about three wks and i believe its makin my depression act up but i have no more pain wat to do depression switch from zoloft to lexapro parkinsons disease patient is diagnosed what r the main symptoms and is depression one of them?What r natural remedies? I have schizophernia and manic depression what medication should i take Natural cures for depression? How do I get off of Zoloft and what are the side effects during this time? Male, 25 yrs old. I have low T. CAT scan shows no pitutary tumor.Symptoms, low sex drive,fatigue,mild depression. Cause? Male, 25 yrs old. I have low T. CAT scan shows no pitutary tumor.Symptoms, low sex drive,fatigue,mild depression. Cause? I am on Citalopram. I am 21 years old. Recently I have been experiencing memory loss and in the evenings gaps in memory How to increase concentration while suffering depression? i am having suicidal thoughts and losing all interest in all parts of my life. where do i go? psychologist or doctor?? What are the effects of lack of sex? can depression last forever if not treated ? what causes breast size difference, and can it be corrected without surgery? 1 1/2 difference in cup size. is anger connected to depression is it safe to take 2 50 mg of seroquel with 75 mg of zoloft? Can you take pills for yeast infection while on antidepressants? What specific antidotes are there for antidepressants sexual dysfunction? I take Cymbalta Wellbutrin Trazodone Seroquel do anti psychotic pills work for anxiety How do you help someone understand depression when they don't belive depression exists? how to deal with agresiveness of family member with depression Want info on Vitamins and supplements that help depression meds and TMS work better. VIt B6, B12, D3, fishoil. doses  Birth control shot making me fat and moody? Is self-injury a medical emergency that i HAVE to tell someone about or is it not a big deal? (i am 15 years old) Why can I not get anymore than 2 or 3 hours of sleep a night and sometimes less? My wife is taking clonazepam for depression, what can I do to ease her pain? I need help finding a specialist and support group in my area for fibromyalgia/ CFS. Any suggestions please? my night sweats wake me out of a sound sleep what's my problem and can it be taken care of by my doctor I'm 21, my menstrual cycles have been about 17 days long the past 4 months. Could this be from stress or depression? I have adhd and bad depresstion,Im taking meds for the adhd but my depresstion is getting worse by the day.what do I do? I talk to myself ALOT. Whats wrong with me? I have severe depression and anxiety and can't get to the doctor for a prescription it's so bad. Any options for this? whats the difference in depression, anxiety, and menopause? Can one have all three? Whats the treatment? Does Lamictal XR with an antidepressent assist in the treatment of severe depression .No seizures or and not bi-polar? How can a person safely get off the depression medicine celexa Are there medical tests for people with depression to find out if the proper medications and the amount given are correc Expert advice needed for Anger and depression for saving marriage I was wondering who I would talk to or who I could call if I was looking for help for my mom. She is severly depressed. I've been feeling someone is watching me, everyone is out to hurt me. What is going on with me? I have lost a lot of weight due to stress/depression. What can I take to help me gain my weight back? My birth control has made me depressed. How do I reverse that, if at all, without discontinuing use? I'm tired all the time but I'm getting 8 hours of sleep every night? Can Depression ruin sex drive ? My doctor said weight loss can alter brain activity and cause depression, frustration and anger. Is this true? i need help i weigh 350 lbs I cant do it alone an no one to help me how can i get help dr say im killing myself what do you do when depression turns into wanting to hurt yourself or others? severe sweating, explosions of anger,diabetes in the family,pot use, depression, how to help? is this diabetes? I have been having anxiety attacks, trouble sleeping, weepyness, severe agitation, lack of motivation to do anything I have had TRUE test done and I am allergic to the PPD's in dark hair color. Is it safe to get Tattoo? My wife had her first misscarriage after 10 weeks at the end of Feb-13. When is the best time to try again for baby What is the defferance betweeb xanax and prozac? Can you have postpartum depression after having a miscarriage? If left untreated, can postpartum depression occur after 3 years? where can i get help for my depression in virginia beach without health insurance depression does prednisone interact with depo-provera Birth control options? How soon can I find out if I'm pregnant without waiting till my missed period What should I try if I am allergic to antidepressants?  Can I take A anti depressant with my adderall? Are there any dangerous side effects between prozac and weight loss pills? Having terrible cravings for sweets.I have hypothyroidism and am on medicine.Levels are ok.59 year old female overweight Are these symptoms signs of depression or laziness? How can I lose weight when I have depression? I have depression and am generally unmotivated, could this be caused by low testosterone and low Viamin D? what's common range of dosage for zoloft? i have OCD, anxiety, and some depression.  depression is there anything over the counter for depression that a 3 mo. pregnant woman can take? Does depression go away? What med works best for depression and paranoid tendencies? I mtaking depression tabs Escitalopram Clonazepam PIMOZIDE these will have any bad effect on our baby as we r planning? I'm almost 19 and my period has never regulated. I generally get it every 2 to 4 months, should I be worried? Can depression make you feel like you're someone else?  Is depression hereditary? Is there any way I can treat my extreme menstrating? Also, is there a name for it?  can depression cause extreme fatigue? my husband is struggling with the loss of sensation in his penis, can this come back? it's causing him severe depression I'm a 40 y/o male, I had a vasectomy 15 years ago, and the last few months I have had little to no sex drive, depression Help for depression when medications of several kinds have not helped. 5 year battle and am getting tired. Migraine or something worse? I need to know if I'm schizophrenic is hypersomnia associated with chronic fatigue syndrome my son has anger issues lying issues changes jobs constantly never content mood swings occ depression dx? could i have depression or anxiety does neurontin treat anxiety and depression How long does it take the depo-provera to be in effect Do I have "clinical" depression? depression and fatigue because sleep deprivation ? What is the typical adult dosage of Lamictal (Lamotrigine) for bipolar depression? Can stree anxiety depression cause diverticulitis? I have OCD and depression, on Paxil, but depressed all day, happy in the evening. What more can I do? depression Can my depression affect my 4 year old greatgranddaughter? should i be taking more than lexapro? I have a body indentation my where underwear sit. Some have called it trochanteric depression. How do I get rid of it? Is there an illness that causes fatigue, brain fog, constipation, muscle aches, stiff joints, depression, and migraines? Major surgery whilst depressed. Is it ok to do - is recovery time affected?  I am post menopausal and suffer depression side effects from HRT. If I exercise and eat healthy instead is that enough? postpartum depression?? Maybe? which medicine is prescribed for curing teen depression? I have anxiety/depression. I am coming off paxil going on zoloft experiencing severe shock like dizziness. why is my anti-depressant/anxiety medication not working when I am on my period? how do my hormones affect the drug? My mom is 75 and is hearing things like running water when there isn't any and gets agitated and not sleeping help I've been diagnosed with depression and anxiety and I have panic attacks and muscle spasms. What's going on? what can a parent do to help a 31 yr old daughter with depression Does it matter what time of day you take Vit, D suppliments or any suppliments for that matter ?  how long can panic and anxiety attacks last if not medicated Does adderall help with depression? I've overcome a severe depression 2 years ago. Is it possible that I'm somehow twistedly attracted to it?  what would happen is pneumona vac was injection into your arm, when it should have been a ppd test? Is depression contagious? Can I go on disability if I have been diagnosed with major depression, fibromyalgia, Thalassemia, IBS, Chronic Fatigue?  Is depression withdrawal symptoms danger Should I go back to therapy? will a penial implant help my situation? Can Testosterone injections cause anxiety how can i help my dog out of depression I rescued a dog and he's depressed and heartworm positive. What can I do to help him with his depression? I randomly (1-2 years apart usually) get completely emotionally numb, I feel nothing. What is wrong with me? I have a neurological issue that is impairing my cognitive functions. I can't get diagnosed. What do I do? Is there a cure for manic-depression? My body has been numb for two days should I go to the hospital???? My partner is following recommendations from WebMD against possible depression, but I'd like to know how may I help. Not depressed-anxious more now, But Now my problem is Lack of motivation, confidence etc? bottom line..could this be heart related or just in my head?? Can Ritalin be used in the treatment of Depression? Job related stress leads to depression? I recently had to put my cat to sleep. What is the best way to grieve? Can Effexor help with Epilepsy? Since there has been a link between Epilepsy and Depression. I was wondering.  Gastric bypass in '98 my issues, dizzines, headaches, RLS, vomiting, Reflux, body aches, depression to much to list. ihow do i loose 60 pounds and dark stretch marks in a month? is it safe to start taking medication for depression and anxiety?  Belviq questions 