What is diabetes? What if I have diabetes and need an echocardiogram? How is diabetes diagnosed? What are the different types of diabetes? What are the symptoms of hyperglycemia in diabetes? What is diabetes reversal? Can diet really make a difference with diabetes? Why should people with diabetes test their blood sugar levels? What blood sugar levels are considered normal, and what levels are diabetic? Is it important to eat within a certain time period after waking up if you have diabetes? Is a half a cup of coffee with 2% milk in the morning ok for someone with diabetes? Is it okay to take Acai Berry while having diabetes and high blood pressure? I have diabetes, and strips and syringes are so expensive. Is there a way to save money? Ive taken Metformin for my diabetes for two years. I now have loose stool, bloating, and gas. Is this a side effect?  Im type 1 diabetic. Is there any damage to myself if I take ginkgo biloba? Can low levels of Vitamin D lead to diabetes?  Can lowering the dosage for an oral medication for diabetes, such as Glipizide, cause my vision to be extremely blurry? How much fruit can you eat as a diabetic? How can I tell the difference between overactive bladder and diabetes? Do statins cause diabetes? How can stevia help with diabetes? How are sex and sleep related to diabetes? Can diabetes be reversed? I am a type 1 diabetic. I bit into my tongue rather deeply while sleeping. What, if anything, should I do? What is type 1 diabetes? I am a diabetic. I have a white cottage cheesy slime on my tongue. I brush several times a day. How can I treat this? Could the skin peeling on the tips of my fingers or toes and the numbness in both big toes be related to my diabetes? I am experiencing some sensitivity in the nerve of my tooth. Is this common with diabetic neurapathy?  Why is it that obesity doesn't always cause type 2 diabetes? Can anemia be linked to diabetes? Can type 2 diabetes be diagnosed by elevated liver enzymes or HOMA calculation? Can type 2 diabetes cause brain damage to teens? I am a type 2 diabetic, and my kidneys are in the beginning stages of breakdown. How can I slow that process? My mother has type 2 diabetes. She lost 30 pounds and watched her blood sugar until recently. How can I address this? Is it true that people with diabetes are more likely to catch colds and the flu? I am a diabetic and have a chest cold. Can I take Diabetic Tussin DM along with Wellbutrin and high blood pressure meds? What are the steps for weaning off diabetes medication? Is oatmeal good for diabetes?  Im diabetic, in the hospital and was given a non-diabetic meal the first morning. How can I eat right while Im here?  How important is antibody testing for someone with diabetes?  Can diabetes lead to a rash? Is it common for diabetics to get rashes? What is a coma as it relates to diabetes? My husband takes diabetic medicines. He seems to be very fatigued and in pain all the time. What vitamins can he take? How like is it that I develop diabetes in my life? What foot care tips should people with diabetes follow? What are some foot safety tips for people with diabetes? What kind of exercise is beneficial for people with diabetes? I have Type II diabetes. What is the best form of exercise for my condition? male fertility do I need to do anything if my blood glucose is high immediately after testing I love oatmeal and I am a diabetic. Is it good to eat in a regular basis? How to Manage Blood Sugar Levels in Diabetes? Effect of diabetes on the brain? Everytime I eat a large meal I get nauseated, i get a headache and become irritable and tired. should i be worried son bouts of nausea and vomiting that lasted two days extremely thristy and has lost his appetitie. last for two weeks I had ablation surgery, should I undergo cardiac stress test, and nuclear stress test? I am afraid it will damage more. what about different natural sugars with low GI - like Palm sugar or Coconut sugar what about these substitutes How can I get my doctor to prescribe medication and testing needing for a diabetic condition in my hands?  my dr told me i was in diabetic range, he perscribed me some medicaion and i refuse to take it.  Glipizide vs Metformin as a medication for type 2 diabetes? Are there any home remedies for edema? I have type 2 diabetes and fibromyalgia. Why is my glucose level 20 points higher when I am in pain? What are early warning signs of type-2 diabeties if you are not obese?  Hehmeroid out of rectum, engorged, painful. Dr. prescribed hydrocortisone acetate and pramoxine. Sitz bath. no relief. I have just been diagnosed with Severe Sleep abnea. How does that affect diabetes and the medications I use? What causes stomach aliments at night while lying down? A Type 1 diabetic is having a RA flareup. Is there a linkage at the celluar level causing blood sugars in the 30s? would a gluten-free diet be beneficial to a person with type-2 diabetes? what does it mean if my blood glucose is 81 but my Hemoglobin A1c is 5.7? I am 5'7.5", 140lb I am 60 years. Type 2 diabetic for 6 years. 5 feet 10 inches tall and weigh 275 pounds with a waist of 48 inches. Help What does it mean when your blood sugar drops to 57? Is there a list of easy to cook/prepare diabetic foods in can/frozen/packaged form? is it better for a type II diabetic to eat corn or bread stuffing? My husband has had gall bladder removal and had a small bowel reduction/Crohns. What possible complications towatch for? Should you take your insulin if you blood sugar level is normal or on the low side? I have Type 2 diabetes, and i am confused why 1 to 2 hrs after eating a full meal i feel hungrier than before i ate. can a type 1 diabetic use over the counter sinus and allergy medicine?  chest burning /pain sensation Is type 2 diabetes 100% preventable I WANT TO KNOW WHAT HIGH FOR GESTATIONAL DIABETIES IN PREGNANT WOMEN AND WHATS LOW NUMBER AND HIGH NUMBER IN IT Do I really need to wear a diabetic alert bracelet? Won't people that see it think I'm advertising that I'm diabetic? what are the symtoms for diabetes, I'm white,over weight and both sides of my family have it,too many to count. I have diabetes and am going to have knee replacement surgery, what do I need to know and what can I expect can a diabetic climb up the towers? what is the risk involved? I just took my blood sugar about an hour and a half ago and it was 589. . Any comments or advice? My HgbA1c is 9.1 and my fasting blood sugar is 92. Is this idicative of diabetes?  My HgbA1c is 9.1, FBS is 92. Is this indicative of diabetes? will diabetis cause attitude changes in untreated patients such as hurtfull, meaness, moody My fasting blood sugar is always high (140-200) and then 2 hours after I eat usually is 90-130. This seems backwards? can type 1 diabetics gain weight using yeast pills? I drink fizzy drinks all day maybe an addiction will it make me ill from all the sugar? I feel very unwell. Im 63 Is it safe to use Vigormax supplement for premature ejaculation and vitality in sex? No diabetic symptoms; A1c exceeds 6.5 since prednisone; daily average  Breast cancer, diabetes, dry skin on body, oil rough face skin what do I do. can tumors affect blood pressure and diabetes? I had a heart attack 1 year ago, how long can I expect to carry on taking statins and is there an alternative. I have type 2 diabetes. Can I get the pump? I am 73. Will it be covered by medicare and a suplement plan? Tested first time, BS fast 135, PP 180 and S. Chol 255. Is Choles due to Diabetes or otherwise or both are independant? I have been diagnosed with neuropathy in my legs but am not diabetic. It is slowly progressing up my legs, Any ideas? My Mom is 56 and has frequent headaches, nausea, dizziness and a constant dull pain in the back of her neck. What is it? My husband is a type 2 diabetic he refuses to take his insulin injections what is the health risk of not taking insulin? my husband has very bad stomach pains, diarrhea, vomitting green and is diabetic. she he go to the er? I am Diabetic and started a pump since I noticed that one side of my hand is clammy and sweaty what is the cause My husband has lost about 30 pounds in the last month. His feet are bad to. Could he have diabetes? My husband has lost about 30 pounds in the last month. His feet are bad to. Could he have diabetes? Severe itching/numbness over right side of body. Any advice?  how long for diabetes in dogs to affect their eyes? We can't seem to get consistent glucose readings I've been running A TON, but i cannot seem to get in shape. What's going on here? my blood sugar rises while I'm sleeping. I have high potassium and Dr recently d/c hctz and lisinopril but left me on spironolactone.. Is this right??? Can uncontrolled diabetes cause extreme fatigue? Can being in severe pain cause sugar glucose levels to rise to higher than normal levels? I have high bp. I have noticed that it usually goes up if I have eaten a lot of sugar and/or starch. Are these related? can certain medications cause diabetes? Does eating sweets 2-3 hours before dinner affect your glucose level 2 hours after dinner? I had sudden 15 min extreme blurred vision after being out in the cold for 40 min and fasting 36 h. Likely Ive Diabetes? numbness of the tongue causes What diet for diabetic, kidney problem and heart patient? My friend has all of these problems. I have white foamy urine during high blood sugar, I know I don't drink enough water, could this be the cause? can I get a prediabetes level and after 2 hour testing gets high level of glucose? Every once in a while I will experience tingling in every one of my fingers and my palms. What could this be? are there any side affects after the glucose tolerance test that would be a sign its positive for diabetes? is deli turky good for you or what about instant oatmeal, can diabetes cause a man to be impudent? been having problems with my kidneys for over a year and sypmtoms of Diabetes Can you still eat carbs, legumes and dairy and still lose weight it seems like the answer is no based on expert studies pre diabetic 6.0 A1C - what are the chances of me becoming diabetic? I am/have been active (1 year bad diet) Could my child have gotten type 1 diabetes because of something I did wrong or because of me somehow? sudden onset of numbness in arms and legs, 56 y/o male, history of diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure Is yeast infection related to diabetes? What can be done if the infection wont go with over the counter treatments? I'm a diabetic, I would like to know why I am drowsy and fall asleep so often. Maybe my blood sugar is too low/high? How long can a diabetic be off their medications without complications of their sugar spiking too dangerous levels? Would a cold make a diabetic's sugar run higher? I am a diabetic and have a painful infected cyst under my left arm that is seeping with a distinct odor what do I do?  colored liquor is it bad for diabetes?  Do I have to be overweight to have diabetes? My new doctor prescribed metformin 500mg and said nothing to me about getting a monitor about sugar lows no info at all  Big toe pain? My mom has muscle pain on the back of her legs, and sharp pains in her shins if touched. Would a blood clot cause this? My father has diabetes and has had 6 strokes in the past few years, should i be worried? Is it normal for a type1 diab lose there mind, go out and wonder with no idea. Forget things and dose off. My Father is diabetic patient on insulin , he has got kidney problems , 07 days ago he has gone through seizure ,help My TRIGLYCERIDES are EXTREMELY high, 7,420 !!! That's right, SEVEN THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED TWENTY!!! I HAVE TYPE 2 DIABETES AND AM TAKING 3 METFORMIN PILLS A DAY. WHAT SHOULD THE NORMAL SUGAR LEVEL BE Can a Type 2 diabetic eat liver? am i considered a diabetic if my a1c is 6.6, fasting blood glucose is 84, and 2 hours after eating 107 Would having a 10lb baby would put me at high risk in future pregnancies?  How do I balance my diet for diabetes, high blood pressure and stage 3 chronic kidney disease? I don't have diabetes yet I am showing symptoms of Sweating, shakes, dizzyness, and light headedness. Can you help? Why am I getting water blisters in an open wound, Do I need to fast before having an A1C test?  should a diabetic avoid watermelon, pineapple and raisins, or is this sugar different because it's "natural" sugar?  will baby have type I diabetes if i have gestational diabetes what happens when i take metformin 500mg and i find out i an not diabetic ? what are the side efects ? im diabetic, is it safe to eat whatever i want if i take my insulin?  what is consider a diabete if your have low sugar level to be 44 then goes up to 67 I have a small bump under my eye above the jaw line and some puffiness under the eye that is causing mild pain.any Idea? What fruit and veggies are high in fiber and good for diabetes? My dad had a seizure lastnight and now today he has diariah. Is this a common combination? I am a Type 2 Diabetic. What does it mean when my fasting BG increases but my A1C is stable or even decreases a bit? are raisins bad for you if you are diabetic? I have all the symptoms for Hypoglycemia but I do not have Diabetes. Can this happen? The symptons go away after I eat. Is it safe to take tylenol #3 with codeine if you have diabetes Why does sugar make me tired? I can have 1 piece of hard candy and 5min. later I get so sleepy. I'm not diabetic. severe sweating, explosions of anger,diabetes in the family,pot use, depression, how to help? is this diabetes? How do you treat blisters on the bottom of feet caused by walking on hot pavement? Can you have hyperglycemia without being a diabetic? I am 28 YO and my fasting blood sugar is 92 ( 8 hours brfore meals ) is this idicative of diabetes? Which doctor should I go to for boils is an A1C of 14 with type 2 diabetes bad? im a dieabetic with bad liver would like wich is less dammageing asprin alcahol or med marajuana how can I relieve anal burning from diarrhea? If Viagra, Cialis and Levitra don't work what is the best option especially for a person with type 2 diabetes? Which cooking oil should a diabetic use? What are cirrhotic nodules on my liver? My PCP and Ortho requests weight loss sugery, will this new insurance cover this?  what are the risks when taking birth control pills and being diabetic My husband has juvenile diabetes. Am I at risk for gestational diabetes? I am diabetic. My PP count is around 170's-180's and fasting is around 100-110. Can I donate blood?  am diabitic ,and told i also have Narapathy how any types of narapathy are there and is any types of treatments I have had a UTI for about 3 months. I'm tired and very sore all the time. Should I be going to a doctor right away? Can you drink ensure with diabetes How can certain statins put users at a greater risk of developing Type 2 Diabates? what is Type 1 diabetes? I am type 2 diabetic but no other issues. Does diabetic drugs or the disease is reason for ED. 30 yr old, why so many night sweats? is there a natural remedy for bph CAN A TYPE 2 DIABETIC TAKE GARCINIA CAMBOGIA? What is the best way to gain weight after being diagnossed with Chronic pancreatitis? What is the best way (best tests) to diagnose type 2 diabetes? I have frequent doctor's appointments and am on several medications. Where can I get affordable health care until 2014? What happens when glucose levels go over 250? My husband's is reading 500. He was recently diagnosed with diabetes. can I eat bacon if I have type 2 diabetes? will desonide work on a yeast infection on the skin how does proteins shakes affect diabetes Skinny 35 year old female. Symptom: *lifelong* hunger and irritability, esp with exercise. Not diabetic. Always eating! Can Sugar be absorbed through the skin? ive been a type 1 diabetic since oct 2010 the last month month and a half my left hand pinky and ring fingers are numb How is diet controlled diabetes diagnosed? diabetic diet for gallstones How does chemo effect blood sugar levels?  why does my head sweat so much at night? I have wound on my toe and it's getting bigger .can I use lemon and cover it with plaster? I have type2 diabetes. missed periods months at a time good carbs, what are they? I was screened early for gestational diabetes 10w it came back high, so now I do the 3 hour. I'm worried and scared. What about non-typical presentations of type 1 or type 2 diabetes, like "type 1.5"? is there a corralation between diabetes and boils?  my mom is diabetic and has high potassium i need to know what she should and definately should NOT eat ? help how does flu vaccine increase blood sugar in a diabetic? FOr How many months is the acceptable serum creatinine result ? What could cause a random, short, sharp, and extremely painful feeling in my feet? Is it risky for a diabetic to get a tattoo? Why is it risky for a diabetic to get a tattoo? Why is it risky for a diabetic to get a tattoo?  I had sex with a guy 5 months ago was on my period and I found out he was hiv positive how likely is it I have it Before bed my blood sugar and it is 103. in the morning my blood sugar level is at 87. Does this mean i have diabetes? My husband is a diabetic and has erectile dysfunction issues. I too, have similar issues as a female (clitorial stimu) Where can I find a reliable list of food values for things like apples, carrots, etc.? is diabetes hereditary Is eating smoked turkey parts bad for someone with high blood pressure or diabetes? I have an over active bladder. What liquids would be good for me to drink that would not cause me any bladder issues? can you lose you lose your hair with being a type to diabetic My husband has diabetes and has ringworm in a couple of places. Should we get rid of our 4 cats? can diabetes cause you to have chronic migraines  What can I do to help my partner feel like a man when he has nerve damage due to diabetes? is there a connection with Type 1 diabetes and chills? are diabetic prone to ear infections Is there a link to the vegetable okra as a way of regulating, or curing diabetes? what to do when toenail comes off how long does diabetic medication take to start working? Is drinking beer okay when having diabetes My GP had me do a blood test, and 9 months later at my next app, I asked what were the results, he told i was diabetic!! post menoposal spotting with a yeast infection can drinking okra get rid of diabetes? 51 yr have not had a period in 2 yrs diabetic having a period with cramps is this normal my father and mother have diabetes what is my risk percentage what is diabetes? My husband's therapist suggested he fantasize and look at porn. Is this normal? He has ED. He has PTSD and diabetes. I am a diabetic and have scraped my knee and won't heal what can I use to heal other than neosporin Stood up after sitting in bed after drinking coffee and eye sight went black/felt like I was gonna faint/feet was numb My semen is thick like musus,white and clear colored. What can I do? I can't make babies. why? Type II Diabetes and Sudogest I have regular, heavy periods. I get fresh red spotting a week after my period ends for a few days. What could this be? Does it matter which finger I use to test my blood sugar? is hypersomnia associated with chronic fatigue syndrome is walking 3.1 miles nightly for 60 minutes good diabetes for 70 year old man Should she go to the ER now? My wife is a diabetic, 3 strokes, and takes various med's. Is it a good idea to take Tonic Water with Quinine? is it oki to drink diet soda during pregnancy? Why do I fall asleep after eating can you spill keatones with type 2 diabetes? I have been urinating frequently and very thirsty. Should I worry? can excessive drinking cause signs of glaucome? Coumadin and severe nasal congestion - remedy? My daughter is 18, skinny, and has a terrible family health history. What are the side effects of her using Herbalife? Why do I taste acetone after very vigorous endurance workouts? I have type 2 diabetes. Had blood test and the results are 400 for blood sugar, how serious is that? neuropathy My dad has 2 vains blocked, one is 90% and second is 80%. Is possible to go with angioplasty and put stents? can supplements help lower cholesterol , like red yeast rice? Or Niacin? How long has the drug "Enalapril" been around? Help! Blood Glucose Levels my mother is 43 years old. whenever she walks for two minutes or so her pulse rises. what is triggerig that?  Can type 2 diabetic drink some wines  are bannas safe to eat for type 2 diabetes and sweet potatoes  I won't to lose 20 pound in 10 week,how many calorie do i eat a day to lose 2 pd a week. I have diabetes and RA and I like to do 5 k Walks. I am fine but my feet hurt so bad it slows me down. What can I do? Can a Type 2 diabetic eat unsweetened applesauce Im 27 with systemic lupus diabetes degeneritve disc disease. I never feel well and in pain always. any suggestions? forceful urination Would a standard blood test by one's internist detect Diabetes? I am 18 years old, female and have night sweats I have fibromyalgia and neuropathy have took gabapentin mefenemic acid and 2 co codamol still sore what else can I take how can one get better control diabetes why do people with diabetes and normal blood pressure have to take blood pressure medication? Apparently, a combined knee and hip replacement operation are rare. Age 83.Diabetic. Outcome prospects? how do i lower my Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c). its 5.8 im not a diabetic. im a 51 years old female errectile disfunction while lying down or bending head down im scared i have a boil and i have diabetes and i dont want to get sick  my moms 83y.o.,diabetic,emphysema-her blood sugar is 419-what do you do to lower it??? Grandson has bopolar disorder and diabetic 1 patient. He smokes bud (cocaine? Marijuana?) and drinks excessively. Help sun burn, how do you treat facial sun burn with diabetic complications and can't use steroids How do you control diabetic a1c level and keep it down and good? Will my yeast infection ever go away I got sick at work with heat exhaustion which worsened my boderline diabetis.  Juvenile diabetes I am a 32 yr old female. Husband and I are trying to get pregnant. Ovulating this week. I've been having to pee a lot.  Why are the two small toes on left foot swollen, sore, and purple at the end of each day? Because im diabetic ive had a yeast infection very long time not even meds from doc work now i have bladder infection what is good count for diabetes doctor prescribed abilify and zoloft taken together. get muscle twitches, strange sensations. Also taking gabapentin. Doctor prescribed abilify .5 mg,zoloft 300mg,gabapentin,also metformin for diabetes. symptoms:muscle spasms,restlessness is their any cure for sinus polyps besides surgery  swelling down from IV filtreated into arm female.discharged from hospital yesterday.diabetes,pacemaker and dementia. Do not have diabetes but do have passing out moments. Do not have diabetes yet if I don't eat for a period of time I pass out.71, female. Woke up this morning on the floor. I have Gest.Diabetes Im 24wks with twin my A1C 6.3 and my fasting labs are over 140 range to confirm so Am I Gest.? How des a man with Type II diabetes, BP controlled to 121 and epilepsy deal with ED? Do I have options? What is the name for "excessive sweating" from the neck up, only? My husband is a type1 diabetic and we are trying to have a baby.but I'm not getting pregnant what's wrong? suddenly my left leg is twice the size of my right leg I'm diabetic and have slept on my left side for appx 5 years  will a penial implant help my situation? I have been really tired alot especially since I have been told I have pre-onset diabetes and have started metformin. is ARDS common in diabetic patients? how do I remove a splinter from under my fingernail? effects of neurontin on blood glucose levels can diabetes cause any type mental illness can diabetes or my metformin cause high cholesterol? I was taking Prevastatin, but my cholesterol is very high. why can't someone with type 2 diabetes take vitamin E? tryin to get pregnant for years but nothing yet my husband is type 2 diabetes, is that one of the reasons why? Diagnosed with gestational diabetes. My Post prandial blood sugar is often 125, not 120. Is that ok? Is it possible to be diagnosed with type 1 diabetes if you already have type 2 diabetes? can you cure type 2 diabetes by losing weight? what is the cause of verdigo for a type 1 diabetic I recently had to put my cat to sleep. What is the best way to grieve? Right eye vision got dark then small lights started shooting around then vision came back in 10 seconds. What was this? I am having woozy, headache, lightheaded on and off all day for the last 8 years. Do you have any advise?  what should be the sugar intake for type 2 diabetes what organ is most commonly known with diabetes? Vaginal Yeast Infection drinking regular soda, and eating cake, candy, chips, and cookies increase the risk of getting diabetes wound healing Occasionally, I have a 'condition' where I smell something similar to what diesel smells like every time I breathe.  What is causing my father , 61 yrs old, approx. 200 lbs, type 2 diabetes, on medications, to be having severe cramping? can people with type 2 diabetes drink v8 juice penis sensation with diabetes is garlic safe for my diabetic dog how can I be hypoglycemic if diabetes is not hereditary in my family? I have diabetes. If I want to eat a candy bar, can I calculate how much insulin I need to counteract the sugar? 