What is diarrhea? What are over-the-counter options for diarrhea or for constipation? What's the best over-the- counter treatment for diarrhea? Can Zegerid, Librax and Protonix interact and cause vomiting and diarrhea? When do I need to be concerned about diarrhea in an infant? I am taking azithromycin 250 mg and now I have diarrhea. Can I take Imodium with this? What is travelers' diarrhea? How can I prevent travelers' diarrhea? Can medications prevent travelers' diarrhea? How can a change in diet trigger travelers' diarrhea? Who is most likely to get travelers' diarrhea? What kinds of infection cause travelers' diarrhea? Aside from the obvious, how do you know you're coming down with travelers' diarrhea? What is the main treatment for travelers' diarrhea? Is it okay to take Lomotil, Lonox, or Imodium to relieve travelers' diarrhea? What antibiotic should I take for travelers' diarrhea? Should I see a doctor before starting antibiotics for travelers' diarrhea? What about children who get travelers' diarrhea? Im having upset stomach, vomiting, and diarrhea. Can diclofenac cause these symptoms?  I'm currently taking a Z-Pak antibiotic, and it causes stomach upset and diarrhea. Can I take Pepto-Bismol for relief? I have IBS, alternating between constipation and diarrhea. Could it be related to peri-menopause?  My 2-year-old has had diarrhea for almost three days now. Is it safe to give him Pepto-Bismol along with Pedialyte? I am taking azithromycin 250 mg, and now I have diarrhea. Can I take Imodium with this?  My 3 month old has diarrhea and I don't know what I should do. Is it okay to give him Pedialite? I am female, had the flu for a few days w/ diahrea. I am having a mucous secreation from my rectum. Should I be worried 3 days after 5 days of Flagyl Cipro treatment I am now suffering off and on loose stools for 8 days.When will it go away how big an effect will 3 weeks of illness have on your A1c? vomiting diarrhea x7 days no meds for 5 days Wake up with severe nausea and stomach cramps. After having a large, unfirm BM, the nausea and cramps stop. What is it? Wake up with severe nausea and stomach cramps. After having a large, unfirm BM, the nausea and cramps stop. What is it? my 4 year old chahauhas got diarrhea and dragging his back legs this morning. i'm hoping theres over the counter meds 11-mo has had D since Thursday. Thought it was a stomach virus but now stool is black/tarry. Do I need to call the Dr? Male 70 multiple surgeries 10 surgeries in last 4 years - how do I help him regain his strength and mental abilities? I ate somethin that had been left out for12 hrs that had cheese and sour cream.Now i have chronic diarrhea wat happened? I have constant diarrhea almost every day, I have bowl movements 30 min after eating and cannot pass a solid bowel. My 1 yr old has the stomach flu. What medications can I give him for diarrhea? 5 year old son is having clear ,like water diarrhea. What causes it and is it normal food poisoning? consumed 9 day old sliced corned beef (deli), had not checked date on previously opened bag.  Is it normal to have excess gas and diarrhea/constipation every time my period occurs? How long does imodium stay in your system Diagnosed with IBS that goes back and forth between Diarrhea and constipation what should i eat and not eat? My little brother is throwing up after he said he ate a chicken nugget that was red inside what could it be? I've pooped 12 times since I've woken up, all of them diarrhea. What is happening to me? could my 5 yo son have gall bladdr problems? Do I need to take my daughter to the doctor if she has mild signs of clostridium difficile. My 6mth old weighs only 12.8 lbs and has had diarrhea for 3 weeks what tests could be done to help determine the cause. My 6mth old weighs only 12.8 lbs and has had diarrhea for 3 weeks what tests could be done to help determine the cause. Stomach cramps and Diarrhea for one week...what should I do?? A month ago I had a UTI I was given Distaclor LA Forte 500mg. I have had diarrhea, very loose stools with crampingsince I have bile salt diarrhea after gallbladder surgery and very bad GERD. Are there any supplements that will help?Enzymes? What would cause discoloration of your stool, specifically a black color? I had blood in my stool, and have had constant hunger like pain under my rib cage on the right side- could it cancer? I always ate eggs and now I have a diagnosed allergy. How does this happen? My daughter is 17 months and she had like 3 diarrhea diapers yesterday but today it has been 6 diapers. What should i do my two year old has had diarrhea for at least 6 months. Three doctors we've seen aren't worried. I AM! please help! 14mo boy, diarrhea x 2days. Testicle now swollen and painful. Diarrhea greenish white. My husband has stomach spasms, bloating, gas and a little bit of diarrhea. What do you suggest? what causes black poop my husband has very bad stomach pains, diarrhea, vomitting green and is diabetic. she he go to the er? For the past three years my husband has suffered daily from diarrhea and stomach cramping. What would cause me to have diarrhea while I am asleep? I'm having daily diarrhea (for almost 3 weeks now) after eating at Jack In The Box. Is it time to see a doctor? Could smokeless tobacco be the cause of stomach upset and runny diahrrea? If I recently got over colitis should I skip taking the penicillin prescribed for my strep throat which is feeling fine? Do you know what I could have or best thing to fix this diarrhea that I have had for days now? is azithromycin 500 mg to take 1 tablet a day for 6 days safe? im pregnant 12 weeks and 5 days.. worried about my baby:( I have had IBS like symptoms for 4 months. For past few days, Ive been uncomfortably constipated. NEED help! HOW DO I TREAT DIARRHEA IN MY 2 MONTH OLD? i have diarreha 5 to 10 times a day whether drinking water or after eating.cant be away from toilet stomach gurgling My 7 month old has diarrhea for 24 hours. When is it time to take her to a doctor? Im nauseous after eating, diarrhea, decreased appetite n bloating. I had the same symptoms 2 weeks ago. Gastroenteritis? i am having bloody diarreah and mild cramping, should I be concerned and go to the hospital? What could cause abdominal pain to last 2weeks and the cause a bile movement of white stool and diarrhea? Can drinking a lot of hot water cause diarreah? Why does my bum burn when I go pee? Diagnosis? had a UTI and now experience pressure above the anus and testes and ejaculation does not feel same Minor swelling on one cheek for a week. Painless, sometimes tender. Chills sometimes when most swollen. Should I worry? I have sharp shooting pains in my stomach after i eat, diarrhea, constipation, acid reflux that requires medication After every time I eat a meal within 20 minutes I have the immediately go to the bathroom. I also become very bloated  After vomitting and horrible diarrhea, I am still nauseas, dizzy and very weak 2 days later, why? How can I fix this? What if I am getting pale color stools on a regular basis but with out feeling pain from gallbladder? What is causing the calf muscle pain that happens only when I stand up,I am currently up to six days of watery diarrhea? Should I go to the ER for black stool and vomiting? i've had diarrhea for a few months now my skin breaks out bad and i havent had a period in over 40 days and i have cramp 21 days of diarrhea, mod-sev ab pain, head ache, fever and nausea.. today a "lump" in upper right/middle abdomen. Help? I have stomach crampts and extremely bad diarrhea anything I eat or drink comes straight back out. my 19 month old has been vomiting off and on for 6 days and has had the diarrhea as well. Should I be concerned? Do I have HIV? I have had a had a moderate headache , queasiness and diarrhea of and on for a month, and now I lack energy I have had chronic diarrhea for 5 months now ...(55-60 BM's per week) with every conceivable test done..Solution? I have had Gastroenteritis for three weeks now. Is this serious? I have diarrhea and there is a noticable amount of mucus what could cause this? Should i be concerened? can a child have strep throat with no sorethroat or fever. he has welts on his back and arms and face. What should I do about diarrhea lasting more than a week? I have had diarrhea for 3 days now. Since last night my stool has been black liquid with no odor. Should I go to doctor? just recently when I ate fish within a few hours I had very strong vomiting and diarrhea, my arms and legs were tinglely Why do I get diarrhea every time I get my period? Does having diarrhea one hour after taking a birth control pill affect the pill's effectiveness?  I am a week late for my period but negative pregnancy test. Could I still be pregnant? should taking clindamycin 300 mg and sulfamethoxazole-tmp ds for only 16 hours cause severe diarrhea? CAN EATING YOGURT DAILY CAUSE DIARRHEA? Can an infected ingrown toenail cause diarrhea? I've had it off and on for 2 days. I feel fine after using the restroom Only have bowel movements once a week sometimes less...Is this normal? Neck pain, left arm pain, hot flashes that make me sick to my stomach what's wrong with me I'm scared. Accidently drank mosquito larvae in a bottle of water and now I have diarrhea. Should I get this checked out or am i ok? I have bloody vomit and diarrhea that comes and goes I have had multiple colonoscopies that have yielded no answer Help I wake up nauseated and I get diarrhea each morning. Foods that I would normally eat for breakfast I can not stomach. My husband has had bad diarrehea for week now, bloody for the first 2 days and now again today. What could it be? can you lose weight and have diarrhea while having an ovarian cyst? What could cause diarrhea, cold/hot/sweaty, "wierd" feeling in head, confusion. I try to control type 2 diabetes. my one year old gets diarrhea after having whole milk is she lactose intloerant ive had dark brown semi formed diarrhea and nausea for 24 hours, should i be woried? dirhreia and mucus in stools I had diarrhea all night and have the chills. Now, is turning bright yellow, should I make the trip to the Dr? WHENEVER I EAT SWEET,SNACKS NEXT DAY THERE WILL BE FREQUENT MUCUS DISCHARGE ALONG WITH GAS I have had diarrhea for 4 days straight and egg smelling burps what can I do to make it stop? Weight loss due to loss of taste and diarrhea Having sharp stabbing pain that comes and goes on my left side below ribs but above hip, what could this be? how to treat diarrhea in a 6 month old baby who has had over a week and his bottom is raw how to treat diarrhea in a 6 month old baby who has had over a week and his bottom is raw how can I relieve anal burning from diarrhea? from time to time vomit and diarrea and its the same out both ends Can having diarrhea stop your period? should I g to ER for bloody bowel movements Lately Ive been having problems with fatigue, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, and night sweats. is it normal to have radiating heat from sting site after being stung by bee? I've been constipated, with pain for a week.My doctor says I am 'severely impacted' after X-rays.Nothing is working!  I feel like i need to go to the toilet but i can't...? Weird diarrhea after food poisoning yesterday. Why do I get diarrhea if I eat something sweet after drinking a beer? Hi. Recently I've had horrible diarhhea. Every time I drink or eat food I have to use the bathroom. American living in China, 3 weeks of diarrhea and noticing food like carrots being partially digested. Concerns? Is there a medicine or something you can do or take before eating certain foods to prevent diarrhea? does spice food effect ovaries I have had diarrhea for about 8 months and have lost about 50lbs and have a low appetite should i be concerned? Severe period cramps with nausea and diarrhea What does it mean when your feces is a goopy red discharge? Ibuprofen, acetaminophen, meloxicam, dexibuprofen, mefenamic acid are all causing diarrhea. What should I try instead? Can you get a UTI from fecal matter (diarrhea) accidently entering the urethra? How quickly can one get diarrhea after eating? my 1 year old has diarrhea x2 days and just got done yesterday off amoxicillin, her butt is raw, can I give probiotic?  Could I have E Coli from this? Scared!!!!!! Is it possible to have a stomach virus without vomiting or diarrhea? What steps should we take? if a milk based formula causes diarrhea why would switching to soy based formula cause constipation? diarrhea with blood clots how long does it take antibiotics to flush from your system after you stop taking What causes blood in my stool, severe cramps, and vomiting? Can I get the stomach virus again? 13 month old has diarrhea from taking cefdinir, doc says he needs it, what should we do, has to take it 5 more days What should I do if I have dirrhea with black tar-like stools with horrible odor? What could the clump of dead skin in my stool mean? Zoloft; Diarrhea side effects? my burps smell like rotten eggs accompanied by diarrhea and occasional vomiting! Diarrhea and stomach pain Something isnt normal, help! Can an adult have 103 fever with the flu? Can simply eating fresh lobster while on nexium cause traveler's diarrhea? I've had the flu for five days along with having massive episodes of yellow watery diarrhea. Suggestions? i have extreme stomach pain that's lasted for hours with diarrhea and nausea, shoud i go to the ER? I've had stomach cramps for 2 days and signs of dehydration without vomitting or had diarrhea. Should I go to the ER?  Usually when I get nervous I have diarrhea,what can I do to stop it? I had black diarrhea last p.m. now tarry. Light headed and short of breath when standing, d face gets pale, Is there a daily anxiety med similar to ativan? I do well with ativan as needed but have needed it more regularly lately I have had a cough for about a month now  What's wrong? My bowel movements are all over the place and now I have dull pain consistently. Male/25 years old. Can lettuce cause me to have diarrhea? Can lettuce cause me to have diarrhea? HIV concerns! diarrhea for 4 wks. watery and then black stools. now a redish color but not like blood and mucus. is this serious mom gets sever chills shaking and diahrea after eating certain foods comes on randomly. had pancreatic cancer is clear I am on an antibiotic and have very bad diarrhea. I am taking a probiotic and yogurts. Can I take another probiotic? Do I have HIV? I have diarrhea for 5 days now, multiple times like over 15 times a day what should I do, Now its obvisouisly burning Can you be constipated and have diarrhea? Lexapro Withdrawl? a week ago tomorrow, slight pain in stomach, diarreah, clay colored, now its soild but still clay colored... concerns? Why does my toddler throw up when she either goes to bed or during the night (usuallyaround 2am)? pancreatic cancer My period was 8 days late and i was having pregnancy symptoms. then i had an extremely light and abnormal period. Could I be pregnant or have an STD? is it normal to have diarrhea when trying to move to a soft diet after a liquid diet Givin imodium 4 getting diarrhea for a month(from clindamycin)? Worried is might be c-diff. Should i get 2nd opinion? Hello, I am an African Anerican Male, who had an unprotected sexual encounter about five months ago. Odds of HIV? Black diarrhea, severe abdominal cramps, fatigue, lower back pain. Can these be caused by my Depo shot? Why am I experiencing so many side effects while taking the Depo-Provera shot? And should I stop taking it? My 9 year old daughter has gurgly and painful gas several times a week and bouts of diarrhea 2-3 times a month. how to cure diarrhea in cat what is difference in diahrrea and loose stool  Severe Anal and genital itching. Why? Mystery Illness? What could I possibly have? A-fib, chronic diarrhea, vomiting, and nausea. I have had Diarrhea going on 2 months now how can I stop it? why do i get so ill when i get diarrhea Blood in Stool Alzheimer's disease late stage blood in stool part of normal Alz disease process or something else? What could be wrong with my liver? For a while know I have always had either constipation or diarrhea and in pain - I also suffer anxiety and panic attacks 