Should I hold off on weight training until I lose weight? Will running help me lose weight? What is the role of diet in the treatment of obesity? Can your diet help keep your skin looking younger? How quickly can I expect to lose weight after beginning a weight loss plan? Are over-the-counter weight loss supplements helpful in losing weight? Can diet really make a difference with diabetes? Can you exercise and diet cellulite away? What do experts say about the Eat Right for Your Type diet? How does a low-carb diet work? Can bacon be part of a healthy diet? Are there any specific diets for acid reflux? Can changing your diet improve urinary incontinence? I am taking Seroquel and gained quite a bit of weight. What is the best diet to follow while taking this medication? Is there an OTC medication to help get my blood sugar down? I lost my insurance. I know I can keep it down with diet. I have stretch marks on my hips and thighs from gaining and losing weight. How can I get rid of these? Will lasers help? Are there foods I can add to my diet to help my skin? How can sleeping help me lose weight? Does fasting help you lose weight? Is a low-fat diet better for your heart? How can a change in diet trigger travelers' diarrhea? If I have heart disease or high blood pressure, is it okay to splurge on my diet one night? Whats the best diet for great glutes? Why is getting enough fiber in my diet so important? Can diet affect fibromyalgia? How can I increase fiber in my diet? How do nuts work in a heart-healthy diet? Can you offer suggestions on following a non-dairy diet? Will drinking diet soda affect my Concerta medication? What can you tell me about ADHD diets? I have dropped a clothing size through liposuction and tightening, Will I also lose weight?  Does the Herbalife diet supplement interfere with the effectiveness of Camila birth control?  Will losing weight help my urinary incontinence problems? Do doctors immediately prescribe medication to control blood sugar, or do they wait to see if diet and exercise help? Besides encouraging fitness and nutrition, how else can I help my child lose weight? I'm a woman, 41, and eat a balanced diet and take a multivitamin. Do I need fish oil and calcium, too? I'm a 21 year old guy trying to lose weight on a 1,200-1,500 calorie daily diet. Does it matter what I eat?  Why do some people lose weight faster than others? My 7-year-old has been coughing for six weeks and her 5 day Z-pack didn't work. What will? If I stop taking the birth control pill, will I lose weight? If so, how quickly will I lose the weight?  What citrus fruits, in addition to naval oranges and grapefruit, should I add to my diet? Is it true that exercise is not beneficial to really heavy people until they lose weight and get their metabolism going? How can fiber help me lose weight?  What steps can I take to a heart-healthy diet? I am on a doctor-prescribed liquid diet, and am chewing gum between meals. Should I brush after every meal instead? Can fibromyalgia be cured by diet alone?  How can my employer help me lose weight? What foods I can add to my diet to help my skin?  My 13-year-old daughter is overweight. How can I help her lose weight? Are there diet changes I can make to help lose weight without feeling deprived? What mental changes can I make to help me lose weight more effectively? I'm dieting to lose weight. Should I worry about falling short on key nutrients? What is the new "No Surgery Gastric Bypass"? How safe is it? Are the ingredients natural and organic or synthetic? clear liquid diet I love oatmeal and I am a diabetic. Is it good to eat in a regular basis? Any correlation with use of Hcg diet drops and blood clots? My 4 yearold has a casein allergy, but has shown little reaction to foods containing whey and at time skim milk. Why? I just turned 30 and seem to be going through a growth spurt, is that cause for concern? why would my kidney hurt? What causes gallbladder stones in children? Im allergic to Peanut butter and all nuts is there a substitute for the 3 day diet breakfast pb toast? Boy 24 mos: ext. anal area sore, red; no fever; 4 soft BMs vs 2/day; min diet chg. Xlnt diaper chg; Banana ok. Others? my weight keeps going up, its not my diet or lack of exercise, thyroid test is normal, help?? How long does it take for your stomach to shrink when dieting can't wake up After every meal, I get a really uncomfortable, bloated feeling, gasy, and feeling extremely tired. What may cause this? How do I stay motivated with my diet when I see no change at all in my waistline? What treatment is suggested for non-dysplasia barrett esophagus so that cancer does not develop? What are some healthy and satisfying snacks for the 7:30-8pm munchies that wont wreck my diet? why does sweat smell sour What can I do to reduce my triglucerides? is it safe to lose a pound a day when you are more than 30lbs overweight? Where can someone with multiple medical diet restrictions go to create a plan taylored to their specific health issues? How can I reduce my waistline, I'm sixty years old, work out ten hours a week doing cardio, lift weights plus diet? Why is my chronic leg and back pain ignored? in several years no testing done.How long must I suffer? Can type 2 diabetes be controlled SOLELY through medication? Do you have a good oatmeal cookie recipe... My 11 yr old son has constent stomach aches what could be causing this I am on a low residue diet, can I have items with modified corn starch? I know I can't have corn or cornbread. why am i gaining weight and have not changed my diet How harmful is smoking 1-3 cigarettes a day (less than a pack a week) compared to smoking more than 10 cigarettes a day? What are some "kid safe" natural stool softeners to help with constipation for my 7 year old? For Diabetes Diet,an article suggested Brkfst-Lunch-Dinner 360cal/540cal/640cal.Is 300/500/300,with snacking not good? A Type 1 diabetic is having a RA flareup. Is there a linkage at the celluar level causing blood sugars in the 30s? would a gluten-free diet be beneficial to a person with type-2 diabetes? Will a fluid diet of 1-2weeks help eczema? I want to know what I can eat while I have a stomach ulcer. will have a colonoscopy next week What do you suggest I eat this week before the test i keep having headche even i diet good and i dont think i have stressful life am happy low carb diet cause high pottasium?  is a vegan diet healthy for my 3 year old son? Having light/mild chest pains near left brest/armpit? Heart problems at 20? My upper abdomin has been getting really bad cramps for the two nights in a row If you disolved medication in diet coke, do you have to ingest it in a certain amount of time for it to be effective? can what you eat the day before a cholesterol blood test skew the results? Diagnosed with Celiac and told I have the start of crohns. Does diet impact psoriasis? how do i get strength back after hip replacement How can proteinuria be treated? What are best natural remedies for high LDL (120). Other numbers good. I take fish oil B complex. Don't want statins. i am a 17 year old boy, slightly underweight! i need tips for good future health Is there any diet that can help improve or reverse hypothyroidism? I had a heart attack 1 year ago, how long can I expect to carry on taking statins and is there an alternative. How long does it take your body to adjust to a no sugar, no starch diet? I have no energy. Is a Vegetarian diet efficient for weight loss? Or a diet that limits meats? What are the health dangers of a vegan diet? are fruit smoothies bad I have a pale clay looking stool with the consistency of caulk, bloating, and stomach pains.  Post stent lifestyle reccomendations, none have been given to me I Iook like I'm 8 months pregnant...when I'm not For the past week I watch my calorie intake and been going to the gym. I have gained 5lbs! Feeling unmotivated. Help! Some of friends noticed that I look thinner but I regularly check my weight and it's still at 110-120lbs. Am I sick? help! What can i do or take to keep from sweating so much from methadone? my blood sugar rises while I'm sleeping.  Registered Nurse needs teaching info on diet restrictions with diverticulosis. .  after getting to goal weight, can you switch from low carb to calorie counting? 8 wks post-hemorrhoidectomy. knife-like pain on B.M., too frequent B.M., anemic-still blood in stool,on good diet/fiber I gained 103 lbs during my pregnancy. Can my doctor perscribe me diet pills? I feel I geninley need them. What can be causing me to not see the numbers on the scale to drop but the inches ARE dropping? What diet for diabetic, kidney problem and heart patient? My friend has all of these problems. my granddaughter has to have a gluton free diet what can i feed her? healthl diet with weight loss What are the negative effects of overeating carbohydrates? pre diabetic 6.0 A1C - what are the chances of me becoming diabetic? I am/have been active (1 year bad diet) webmd's metabolsim calculator hemorroids were bleeding for a week, and doctor said he needs to remove them but I don't have money. I have white fibers in my stool, I don't think they are worms. It looks like cotton is wrapped around the stools. Help? Is it common for my 6 year old daughter to have "charlie horses" in her calves at night? Her diet is pretty healthy. My stomach has been bloated for about a week Could I be pregnant? Is this stress? menopause? Too old to be pregnant? Is terconazole vaginal crm. more effective than fluconazole 150mg tab. for getting rid of a recurring yeast infection? I've changed to a plant based diet to try to lower my cholesterol.  What would happen if a patient quit taking their thyroid medication? Can protein shakes help my 17 year old son gain weight? I'm 42 female.Since 40, my armpits have had sour smell, without changing diet.  My 4yr has very large belly but doesn't eat that much. Is something else going on inside her? Excessive foul smelling gas with bloating and chest pain. 3 weeks! Diet unchanged.Stools normal. What is causing this? I'm a female: age, 19; weight, 101 lbs; height, 5'8. I want a BMI of 19. What should my diet look? Over the counter medicine to resolve stomach pain from acid reflux? I have neuropathy in my feet, my BMI is 38 Obese range I am only a prediabetic. If I lose weight will it go away? What do I need to expect when starting my sugar-free diet? Why do I bloat up after dinner? We don't overeat and we eat a good diet, but my wife and I bloat up hours every evening. I have had chronic diarrhea for 5 months now ...(55-60 BM's per week) with every conceivable test done..Solution? What is a good diet to follow if I want to improve definition around my midsection? I have random bouts of Blood in My Stool, I'll go a couple weeks where I'm fine and then it happens again Why am I gaining weight despite regular exercise and eating a healthy diet How do I balance my diet for diabetes, high blood pressure and stage 3 chronic kidney disease? at what age is it appropriate to use whey protein in weight training? I have been on a diet, careful on what I eat, Im more active but still gaining weight Please help How to loose male breasts? How to lose weight with little mobility? Is coffee considered water in fluid intake? My dad has chronic hiccups for the last 2 months, every 5 seconds. Nothing has worked from his doctor. Specialist? Is the reason why I can't lose weight and keep it off because of my family history of obesity? i have headaches and migraines like every other day! Why??? I had surgery for abdominal adhesions ten years ago and depend on laxatives. Is there anything I can do to reduce my gas Why do I keep gaining massive amounts of weight in a short period of time? I have been doing the juicing diet from Fat, sick and nearly dead. I have done it for a week and have not lost anything What can I do to ease gastroenteritis stomach pain? I am prone to recurrent uti. What can I change about my diet to prevent and treat urinary tract infections? Diagnosis-- acute pancreatitis. I don't drink/smoke and I eat a very clean diet. But my lipase level is 3x normal. Why? Are diet shakes safe and do they work? How do you lower cardiac calcium score? can a low potassium diet reverse kidney damage 22 years old and suddenly have less powerful ejaculations producing less ejaculate too I have a really big stomach, it's the biggest part of my body. I look like I am 20 months pregnant!!  Does Herbalife diet supplement interfere with the effectiveness of Gildess FE 1/20 birth control? My husband has cancer, but I need to lose weight. What would be a healthy diet we could both use? My wife is having problems with allergys to everything, out of no where they are increaseing in what she is allergic to Heel Pain why a high-carbohydrate diet opposed to a low-carbohydrate diet is beneficial for someone wishing to lose body weight. why is it that now im off my diet i cant eat regular food without throwing up?  can prenatal vitamins be making my baby gassy? 26 yrs, M, 60kg, 172cm. Problem: I lose weight if I don't do exercise. Can you have hyperglycemia without being a diabetic? can i lose weight going on a sugar free diet? I'm trying to lose weight I'm 16 male,247lbs what are some good diet plans and exercises that could help me lose 47lbs? am i pregnant What sort of exercise can a handicapped person do who is morbidly obese and fighting several ailments? tingling all over sometimes loose 10sec of memory and wet self know nothing of it till after it happens.  can the paleo diet raise my cholesterol I am doing a research paper comparing and contrasting exercise and fad diets. I cant find benefits and disadvantges I have high triglycerides and high LDL's and I'm in excellent physical shape. How do I lower these levels without meds? How do I stop snorting Subutex? will multi vitamin help with celiac disease? can diet effect pain management. can certain foods inhibit pian relief or certain foods bad for certain conditions is it possible that i am pregnant with breast tenderness, breast itching, nasuea, headaches  Can i try the new fast diet(intermittent fasting)?  Hi..I am 215 lbs and I m just 23. Can anyone suggest me a full diet chart so that I can lose 55 to 60 lbs. Can low carb diet cause anxiety? Is there a diet that will help with Gastritis? I get nauseated during a meal even though I am hungry? Could a diet high in acidic foods, such as pickles or vinegar, be harmful or helpful for gout ? My son is 10 and has been diagnosed with gastritis. What is the best diet for him now while it is bothering him?  Urine prugent odor with frequent urinations and intense non-painful flow. Started with 2tbsp lemon water in mornings. finger tips crack/malnutrition? is high blood pressure controllable? I'm 6'2", was 210lbs, lost 38lbs. 2 years later I have lost down to 160 lbs with no diet. Is this new lose dangerous? Do I have to take antibiotics for diverticulitis? What is the best low carb high protein diet? What kind of diet is good for a person with pancreatic cancer If I exercise and change my diet, will my excess skin diminish or will I have to have it surgically removed? Does Mirena IUD cause weight gain if a period has not been had for 10mo and only had IUD for 12mo? Frequent, soft, yellow, stool? Mom (72) had complete hysterectomy due to uterine cancer. She is very bloated and cannot pass gas to get relief. Help? could diet pepsi cause you to lose sodium in body How is diet controlled diabetes diagnosed? can heart plaque be removed holistically and or through diet alone? Do I have IBS? 3 bowel movements a day. How can I help myself? Things like exercise, meditation (stress relief) and proper diet? It is getting very distracting what diet is best after gallbladder removal Twenty-four year old daughter losing hair. Tested positive for auto immune, but negative for lupus. Any suggestions? iron deficiency anemia I'm 56 years old, 235 total cholesterol and a heartscan score of 153. Statin Rx by PCP. Should I see cardiologist?  diabetic diet for gallstones How does chemo effect blood sugar levels? just starting a diet and workout, im anxious about thanksgiving, if i induldge will it kill the prior 3 weeks work? If I eat canned vegetables, will well rinsing them with water l;ower sodium? If so, by how much? I'm 39 and have been experienceing what seems like hot flashes with an elevated heart rate. premenapausal? my mom is diabetic and has high potassium i need to know what she should and definately should NOT eat ? help what part does diet play in seborrheic dermititis diet coke pregnancy My 7 month old baby has been having green watery stools with mucus since she was 3 weeks old.  I have had loose and watery stools for 3 weeks now, all day and night. My diet hasn't changed, what can cause this? With gastroparesis: Is liquid food like Jevity good? already follow Jackson Siegelbaum diet for gastroparesis.. Hi, Iam 25 years old but I look 35 years.And this is really annoying for me. Can you figure out the reason? Is there a special diet for acid reflex? mom has demensha I just saw something about grainbriain diet is it worth changing her diet now she is 83 I am confused because my dr says to stay on a low protein diet because my ammonia level is 151.  is mineral water good for your diet Where can I find a reliable list of food values for things like apples, carrots, etc.? What are the benifits and concerns of the "fast diet" where two days a week you limit your intake to 600 calories? Is there any treatment for peripheral neuropathy?? I weigh 180 pounds and I want to lose 30 pounds. What is the fastest, yet halthiest way I can achieve this?  Will replacing full sugar soda with diet soda help one lose weight? Could it be gallstones? What does eGFR indicate? Is 52 something to worry about? PMS. I feel the symptoms but there is not period blood or brown discharge, what's going on? Normally. how long should it take for food/gas to move through the intestines? How should you add organic ground flaxseed to your diet? Could you provide a few links to the major studies showing excessive saturated fat is unhealthy?  when on low iodine diet can u take oscal calcium which contains oyster shells. fish is prohibited on this diet Does diet sodas make arthritis worse? how to daily chart salt intake feeling very bloated and feel like I have gained weight after I got off Birth Control. Is this normal? what kind of diet should i be on? Does a cup of ice count as less than a cup of water for factoring on a fluid restricted diet? Is yogurt good for a renal diet? I have high blood pressure. The diet is chicken olive oil raw quail eggs for 10 straight days. Can i eat like this? is it oki to drink diet soda during pregnancy? My 2 year old daughter has been refusing to have a bowel movement for the past few days. She's not constipated. doctor has told me based on my diet i maybe malnourished, so orded a blood test, but i am phobic and refuse! please help i need help gaining weight my dr wants me to be on a low fat diet. my daughter disagree i weight 75 lbs ive lost 5 lbs What is the best motivations that will get you started on your diet, i tried so many things but failed :( , plz help me I have recently noticed hair thinning (24 year old male). i think its due to poor diet/sleep. How long til it grows back For immunodeficiency (two low igG subclasses), are there any diet changes I can make that would boost my low igG levels? If a man is dieting, exercising at least 3 to 4 times a week, having ED , having a hard time losing weight. LOW T? how much should a 13 year old boy weigh who is 5'3" 68 year old female with ms, Iron Deficiency Anemia. What health problems may occur? Female, 26, hair thinning all over head since teenager. Thyroid is normal, no health issues. Tried vitamins, topicals. My body structure is very weak and feeble and feeling weakness. I have been exercising and started a heart smart diet, now my feet stay cold. What should I do? does drinking too much diet coke (and no water) cause dehydration? My daughters insulin level is 32 and the doctor recommend she takes metformmin. I'd rather change our diet and exercise. my docter just put me on a 600 calorie diet. Is it safe? What type of diet is best for someone under treatment of relapsed autoimmune hepatitis after a 20 year remission? what OTC product will help with loose bowels,1st movement reg. then 2,3 times loose daily i need to lower my potassium intake. can I safely incorperate kale in my diet Hi, I am a 23 year old female. I am not on any diet, I eat everything like I used to.  A young guy with enlarged prostate!??? what can be done to avoid blocking the bartholin gland As a male, is eating only 1200 calories a day healthy? will my body go into starvation mode?  What should I do after eating too much carbs (when I'm on a diet)? Weight loss tips for obese adult I'm 20 and I've missed a period. Is that normal? Can drinking carbonated drinks interfere with weight loss?  Suggest any medicament or excercise for curing Phimosis. Any diet for such. I regularly do gym and drink 3 litrs water. does eating fat make you fat? Lexapro Withdrawl? Had nissen operation 1 year ago having vilant loose stools have tried eating fiber diets metamusil probiotics whats up? is to much diet cola bad for the throat What foods have fiber without high sodium? exercises to tighten loose skin after 60 years old. Is Paleo diet recommended by doctors? A CAT scan showed that I have a fatty liver. What can I do to change my lifestyle to resolve the situation? I ejaculation in 2-3 mins is it normal? please advice some useful tips n med if nessesary I have low T and I am having hormone treatment is there a diet or suppliment I can use to boost my energy My mom put me on a 600 calories a day diet and since then I've been getting bad headaches. Is the diet the cause? When I consume sugar based drinks my urine smell. Is this based off of my diet/ should I seek medical help immediately?  Why milk is not cosidered as a balanced diet? Can black pepper be used on low redidue diet? What is the cheapest healthiest diet I can afford? Over the course of the day, my vagina oder gets really foul. Also my stools stink really bad. what is it? What cod cause a severe allergic reation when you are not allergic to anything? What correlation is there beween diet and muscle spasms? My daughter has allergic reactions from unknown allergens. Should we follow a certain diet to rule out allergens? I need to be on a low potassium and low protein diet. i would like to know what food am I allowed to eat? Swollen feet and shortness of breath are new symptoms of a 85 yr old who has congestive heart failure. is it normal to have diarrhea when trying to move to a soft diet after a liquid diet Am I getting too much Vitamin A? What do I eat after gall bladder removal? My hair started falling out after losing weight. What should I do? i ate junk food at midnight. I wanted to start my diet on a new day so will me eating the junk food ruin my diet? how can i increase blood circulation, especially in my legs. is there a way, through exercise or diet? I am exercising a lot lately and keeping my diet pretty healthy, but for some reason I keep gaining weight. Why? Can kidney problems cause a metallic taste in mouth? I have high cholesterol and I had a TIA, I have remove sodium from my diet. What is good diet for these diagnosis? Can diet soda affect kidney function and if discontinued will the function improve? can too much tea cause a sore tongue? Is it normal for a very active person to have higher blood pressure? Every time I drink Dr pepper 10 diet soad stuff like that I get a canker sore on my tongue, why?  is my diet effecting my hair? HELP Please!! Is my diet effecting my hair? My stomach is disabled so why am i still bloated? is my diet effecting my hair? what foods should I avoice for meneire's disease? constipation for 2 months, weightloss everywhere except stomach, fruit only diet for 2 weeks with no change. exorcise and diet have no effect, im 32 and cant gain weight been 110 pounds since 14 no illness or eating disorder hlp I have started a low-sugar and low-wheat diet and I keep going to the toilet more than normal. Is my diet the reason? I was diagnosed with UC in 2011. I'm obese and considering gastric bypass. Can I have the surgery with my condition? Eating low carb diet doing water aerobics and still blood pressure is high in afternoon Will brushing my teeth with baking soda and sea salt increase my sodium intake? Why is my stool yellow and is it something I should be worried about? Bleeding between periods. Bright red blood, much like a regular period. Not on birth control, had a tubal 4yrs ago. 27yo what is organic diet What is Dash Diet My A1C test showed my number at 6.7, can I improve my number with diet and exercise? I do not want to take medication Im eating a balanced diet of fruit and vegetables and lean meats. Is it ok to eat yogurt everyday 11 yr old girl, always had Jekyll/Hyde mood swings, not violent, quickly ranges from truly sweet to mean/nasty.  I am in recovery from bulimia. Will it ever be safe for me to diet. I am about 15 lbs. overweight after treatment. if appendectomy is performed, do I need to return home on the same day? if so, do I need to arrange special diet? how much protein,fiber, carb I should eat in a day? what is ideal diet fo a day? Does drinking two or more diet sodas each day make women gain weight? Does diet soda cause liver disease? Can a high protein low carb diet cause your liver to enlarge? My LDL is 201. My total cholesterol is 263. My weight is 139, Never smoked. Should I take medication? Why am I not losing Inches? How to treat my allergies Six months ago my Hemoglobin A1c was at 6.3. Today it's 5.7. How low should shoot for? what's an ideal level? what fruit are okay for inflammed stomach What is in Ketogenic Diet? Belviq questions is it safe to take diet supplement pills while taking trileptal 