I have stomach & chest pains, am light-headed, dizzy & nauseous. What are these symptoms of? Could a mold allergy cause dizziness and memory loss? Could high humidity cause brief dizziness during a brisk walk,? Could minor surgery cause signs of multiple sclerosis exacerbation, such as clumsiness, dizziness, and muscle spasms? Is dizziness a sign or symptom of Parkinson's disease? Have more than one symptom of preeclampsia doctor wont listen and run test what do i do? Is it possible for spinal stenosis to cause vertigo or dizziness? I wake up at home, feeling dizzy, weak and headache. I sleep elsewhere I dont wake dizzy, what is the cause or allergy? what can cause a headache,fever,chest pains, shaking of the heart and dizziness? I got off of Trinessa recently and have been experiencing an assortment of side effects. how long will they last? dizziness, nausea, bright red blood when I bm What causes weak and dizzy feeling? after hard phys exercise,sometimes get bad tunnel vision and a big ball of light right where i try to focus my eyes.why? taken off paxil cold turk..now on celexa..having brain zaps.is this from the paxil or celexa..staying dzzy..??  having pressure in forehead and ears, balance is sometimes off and feel dizzy and discombobulated 15 yo son dizziness, sever headache, nausea, for 7 days no relief from meds normal ct and mri worry need suggestions Headache, dizziness, claminess, pale, upset stomach, cant focus eyes. This happened 3 times in past 6 weeks. What wrong? I have sharp pains in the stomach and upper intestine areas, nausea, throwing up, and dizzyness, should I be concerned? I have all the symptoms of gallbladder issues, but all my tests came back clear, what could it be if not my gallbladder? What is the proper way to wean off of Buspirone oral? Is it anything to worry about if i got ache left arm. Don't want to waste anybody time.Dizzy and chest pain, I've a spot in the vision of my R eye for a few of days its like i've been looking at bright lite but isn't going a way Can anemia cause dizziness to last a long period of time? And can dry mouth be a sign of anemia? Do I have anemia?  Got the Depo shot in Aug. for the past 5wks I have had my period, nauseous, dizzy,headaches, weak, tired, eyesite blurry I have had 2 brain surgerys, 4 aneurysm. I have been severly dizzy, nauseated, headaches and vomiting. Do I have a sinus infection? I am getting dizzy when I eat sugar and my legs also feel numb.  Can an ear infection cause my lymph nodes to swell and my throat to become red? How long will it take until antibiotics start helping my ear infection? I am getting dizzy many times a day for the past two weeks now... Whats going on? my 9yr old daughter has had a headache,fever,voming,tired all the time,dizzy  Can a new pair of eye glasses cause dizziness? Migraine on Sat. morning on Mon. and still feeling dizzy and the base of my head/spine is acking, Should I be concerned? Can nasal polyps cause vertigo? Rash on shoulder that moved to neck, left side and now a lump/swelling in front of neck. What could be the cause? Have high blood pressure. Often times over 210/110. I take Medication with little help. Should I be checking it at home? Why would one doctor a neurologist says I have prenicious anemia associated with b-12 deficiency and another says no The gums by my wisdom tooth are swollen and in pain. I'm dizzy and nauseous. What might be wrong, should I see a doctor? I'm about 5 weeks pregnant and I am experiencing menstrual like cramping could I be miscarrying? i am a 24yr old female that has had problems after i eat i get pain all over my whole abdomen and diarrhea I take Clonazepam 2 mg, still have SEVERE anxiety while driving.Is there some other medication that can help? My 13 year old son's blood pressure is 86 over 53 My mother has suffered for four years with headaches,dizziness and a stroke. She now has 3 personalities. What can I do? My Mom is 56 and has frequent headaches, nausea, dizziness and a constant dull pain in the back of her neck. What is it? I started cutting my wrists a week ago. Is it the reason why I'm so sick? Type your question here.my husband is dizzy - ears have water in them and is blue in the face. Sleeping a good bit. My Wife has type 2, she is experiencing nasuea and dizzness.She takes Metformin 1000mg twice a day .Sees MD. Whats up? How do I get my girlfriend to a doctor? I am 3 months postpartum after having my son and I need HELP! Not feeling well at all. He gets a headache, light headed, dizzy, slurred speech, and sometimes a limp when he walks, can tell coming most times when I am sitting and I get up to stand I get dizzy and see spots. Why is this? When I defecate it is mostly undigested food I've been having flash headaches and fevers. what could it be? vertigo, vomiting and low grade fever with sudden onset My 14 year old daughter is losing weight and getting dizzy and getting lightheaded. What could cause these symptoms? Is it normal to experience the side effects of Plan B for over 1 month? I am nauesous and unable to eat anything, what could be wrong Turning blue and shaking when passing out, what could cause this?? pain in the LLQ, temp only 94-95F, cough, weak, dizzy, sick to stomach what shold i do been getting worse times 3 days i slipper on ice and laned on myleft palm. ifelt a very heave bend and pressure poke under left breast pain get worse .  the last 2 days i have been dizzy,headach,and unbalance. when i walk i loss control of my (left) legs,weak, ,nausea. I broke my wrist and symptoms include metallic taste, dizziness, lethargy, hearing loss, gagging and more. NORMAL? A few weeks ago I had several attacks of dizzieness within one day. I've been suffering since. What is the cause? my husband has dizzy spells,weight gain, and just today got out of bed walked to the bathroom and fainted. After vomitting and horrible diarrhea, I am still nauseas, dizzy and very weak 2 days later, why? How can I fix this? I was treated for Labyrinthitis about 4 months ago. however, I still have ringing in my ear and is worse when showering. Grazed hand with screwdriver the other day. Swollen and painful. Heart feels like its racing and am hot. my girlfriend is feeling very dizzy, spacy, and lethargic, what should she do? My blood pressure is 91/59 should I be worried? I am light headed and dizzy, just drank water and ate too I keep getting dizzy spells and I am not sure why. I recently started Seroquel and I'm having some side effects Should I call my doctor or wait it out? I have a sinus infection and a middle ear infection. Could this be causing my dizziness? Or is it the antiobiotic? I have 3 rib fractures from a skating fall and now terrible headaches and dizziness with nasea, do I need to see a dr.? dizziness, vomitting, falling down, hitting head. How do you check for concussion.? I have started having episodes where is suddenly get dizzy, nauseous and start to sweat and get really hot. my heart races faster than i can count. I get very dizzy cant see. My chest hurts and burns. this last for 5- 10 min  my husband just had surgetry done on his legs to get 2 big masses off now he is short breath, dizzy, rapid heart beat I am on anitbiotics for an ear infection and sinus infection.I have a temperature of 106.1 I am dizzy. Is this normal? am I pregnant? am I pregnant? What should I look for when looking for a neurologist? Why am I dizzy all the time, and get lightheaded easily after exercising? why does my blood suger drop so fast without warning I have had Gastroenteritis for three weeks now. Is this serious? Is dizziness normal after receiving a cortisone injection? I don't have diabetes yet I am showing symptoms of Sweating, shakes, dizzyness, and light headedness. Can you help? Are there conditions that make you feel like you passed out even if you didn't? Why do have strange episodes of extreme deja vu? I get dizzy, my eyes twitch, it last a minute, and its pretty scary Am I pregnant or is it just effects after getting of the shot?? My left ear feels clogged,Been given steriods for 5 days and antibiotics Tilt head down unclogs until raising up.  how long does it take for tonsils to grow back? I have hives all over my body. Every part of me is swollen now. How sould i determin if i need to go to the hospital? My lmp was 4/22/13.Period was due 5/20 no period yet. I am having dull back pain and light pink spotting am i pregnant? Smelled blood a few days ago and now have constant migrains, feel nausiated and upset stomach. I'm a male. Any ideahs? during exercise my heart will go into hyperdrive then skip several beats in a row, I can count to 5 before it restarts My doctor said I was healthy. But then said I may have depression and anxiety but did nothing, what do I do? in past 2 weeks I have been having problems keeping my balance 24/7 i feel like im in daze.any idea whats wrong with me? Can't hear out of my left ear. Some pressure is there. Ringing and some dizziness as well. i need to know whats wrong with my friend, please help.  Just checked BP and it is 93/73. Is this normal? 7 year old boy with dizzyness. Any idea what could be causing it?  Are any supplements known to cause blood pressure to be lower with slight dizziness?  had sex 26th of May, 28th of May and 1st of June, 4 June morning tested regnant am I responsible had sex 26th of May, 28th of May and 1st of June, 4 June morning tested regnant am I responsible get a pain on left side of head, pressure headachy back of head vison blurry dizziness head ack stays for a while Could I be pregnant while on the Mirena IUD? I sat down and became dizzy and slightly light headed. My right arm and hand became numb and had difficulty thinking. allergic reaction treated with benadryl, epinephrine and prednisone is still persisting. serious hives and throat closi What kind of treatments or tests are out there for vertigo? I have had vertigo since I was 10. Nothing has helped. dizzy and faint lately. BP 98/62.Iron 13.7. i drink plenty of water. how can i raise my blood pressure? Would that help? I have asthma, the smallest exposure to bleach causes me to feel dizzy and light headed, or pass out. Please help? 24 male in shape with no health problems - I just had these extremely troubling symptoms, help? migrans, pains, and fainting spells what is goint on? my son's body is red all over especially the face, ears, and chest, hot to the touch, headache, and says he is dizzy What and Where is the leading ENT institution? what does it mean when i wake up lethargic and have loss of weight? What is a loss of equilibrium without being "dizzy"? Is only a PART of my brain malfunctioning? Dizines after runing or walking I am taking the lupron depo for endometrosis. I have symptoms of: vaginal clots and mucus, dizziness and nausea. Why? Still bleeding moderatly to heavy 9 weeks after childbirth,low energy,dizzy,direaha,moody,cold can blood be the cause? If you are dizzy and left arm hurts is this a sign of a stroke or heart attack?? Can intense exercise and caffine combine to cause panic attacks? does breaking a bone make you sick to your stomache? I have been sore and achy for months and have had off and on dizzy spells since july,what could be wrong? About 8 months ago I was told tachycardia. In the last two months my chest pains have become worse. depression Did I have a seizure?  Healthy 33 yr white female. High BP as of 3 mnths ago, 143/91 avg. Creatinine 1.3 and gfr 50L, thoughts? Should blood pressure be high after exercise Woke up in the middle of the night with my heart flip floping in circles. Afib or just palpitations? Does ginger raise blood pressure? Motion sickness in the bus if i run to catch it My mom has had 3 episodes of dizzy spells with a low heart rate. The doctors can't find anything. What is this? Why when I laugh real hard I get dizzy and disoriented for a few minutes? My blood pressure goes up high when moving around and I feel dizzy. Also, I lose hearing in my ears temporarily..  I HAVE TO EAT BANANA'S EVERY DAY OR I GET DIZZY AND FEEL TIRED. WHY? Worried about herpes What could cause moderate testicular pain and small amounts of leaking during a date? i was taken off paxil recently, now i am felling dizzy sick to my stomach and irriable, how long will this last? My dad's 67 he is dizzy can't swallow passed out in the bathroom for a hour I have a lump on the lower back of my head. Its gotten bigger, hurts and is hard. Any ideas whatit could be? What tests should my doctor be conducting to diagnose the cause of my vertigo? I was diagnosed at the ER this weekend.  I have been dizzy for 2 years. I have had my heart,lungs and ears tested by specialists, everything okay. Do TV/Videogames make your eyes ache? Can an underactive thyroid cause severe bradycardi?And can thyroid medication also cause it? If I make sudden movements with my head or lay flat then get up I get severe dizziness and cannot focus I then feel sick can low thyriod or low blood sugar cause dizziness Have dizziness when getting up or turning over. When pressing on ends of fingers, indention remains for a while. Seeing tracers, floaters, and having dizzy spells, headaches Constant dizziness, shortness of breath after exercise/large meal. EKG, echocardiogram, lung scan normal. RBC 53% I have been dizzy for two weeks. I walk like I am drunk but I am not a drinker. Walking is now difficult now. for a while now i have been real dizzy and it gets worse bending over and cant lay down i almost fall when i walk how long do alcohol withdrawals last Bruise that won't go away, dizziness, and sleepy Help! Blood Glucose Levels Can Type 2 diabetes cause dizziness? Hi, I am a 23 year old female. I am not on any diet, I eat everything like I used to.  My son has the following symptoms, warm,dry, tired,weak,dizzy, shaky, light headed,nausea,loss of appetite,d is it normal to have dizzy spells after a severe nervous/stress breakdown? After about 20 minuts in my jacuzzi I became light headed and somewhat dizzy. What is causing this?  I have anxiety/depression. I am coming off paxil going on zoloft experiencing severe shock like dizziness. My dad is 65 has weak spells, dizzy and slurred speech..only last about 15 minutes or so? Dizziness headache Chest pain Dull pain in side back and naval Lost and gain but mostly loss of appetite my son blew his nose and heard a loud pop, lost his vision for a minute and got dizzy, now has ear pain what could it be My 9 year old son has recently developed car sickness and now gets dizzy when his head is below his knees.  For the past few days, I have been experiencing dizziness and slight pressure in my head, is it anxiety related? i feel pregnat. I look it to. but I keep testing negative. last time I was 11 wks didnt know and lost it a week later. 11 yr old daughter gets dizzy and will be for hours. Today it was sudden and got very pale. sweating profusely, muscle cramps, low blood pressure (80/75) and dizziness, are these signs of heat exhaustion? High Blood pressure, increased pulse rates, high acidity and throbbing feeling in the head.What could be wrong? Why do I see black spots and get dizzy when I go from lying down to sitting up or fro lying/sitting down to standing up? Can you have a panic attack without the extreme panic? Do I have a concussion? I am 38 YO, last 2 weeks I have been feeling sick, lips go numb and I feel dizzy, sugar level is 71-73. Should I worry? Im 34, female. prescribed neurobion.2 injs later I have dizziness, palpitations, rapid heart-beat.Overdose? Treatable? can worry about hiv cause anxiety disorder ? High BP, elevated heart rate now low BP, low heart rate how to increase blood volume in body? Worried dad is having TIA or mini-strokes. When seen at ER they had trouble finding vein for IV. Can this be a symptom? my husband has blood pressure of 201/85 with headache and sweating. what does this indicate? Does a need for valve replacement produce dizziness? can toenail fungus cause fatigue and dizziness? What is normal blood pressure Do you pass out if you are having a stroke? AM I AT RISK FOR MISCARRIAGE Its been 2.5 weeks since I have had a BM. My "reg" is 3-4 days w/o BM. Im dizzy headache and itchy. Abdominal pain.help? What could cause a very sudden onset of nausea, dizziness, and feeling off balance? No lead in, not on any meds. thx! was there some sort of drug in my drink? drug in drink or did i over do it? Is sudden intense ovulation pain normal? why am I dizzy after hip replacement? How long is the recovery? My husband often has blood in his stool. What type of specialist should he see? It is a week after possible conception. I am about three weeks out from my period but I am seeing early pregnancy signs. Signs of Panic Disorder, or a heart problems? How to reduce dizziness  32-y.o. female, 5'2", 145 lbs. Symptoms:dizziness, EXTREME fatigue, brain fog, loss of hair,no sex drive, irritability.  starting menopause  Very sudden extreme dizzy feeling as though spinning which drained my energy and made me want to vomit, could be sinus? I am only 14 and i thiink my low blood pressure is caused by my Anti-Depressants. Is this bad? My husband spent an hour in the hot tub. He is now dizzy and disoriented. What should we do? how can I be hypoglycemic if diabetes is not hereditary in my family? 