Can you catch scabies from a dog or cat? I accidentally swallowed my dogs antibiotic pill instead of my daily vitamin. Should I be worried?  In an emergency, will Cipro 500 mg prescribed for a dog (by a veterinarian) help with a serious infection in a human? I was walking my dog, and may have gotten poison ivy. How do I get rid of the itching? Do I have to bathe my dog? My son's allergy test RAST score was 642. He is allergic to dogs, cats, and dust mites. Should I get rid of the dog?  Our dog has ringworm. Is it true that it is very contagious -- we can get it and spread it to other people?  Can a dog get poison ivy? Is a dog's saliva dangerous to infants? my 4 year old chahauhas got diarrhea and dragging his back legs this morning. i'm hoping theres over the counter meds can you have babies if a dog hair touches you How can I stop my dog from chewing wood? how much zertec allergie medication do i give my 110 lb dog A dog hair has gotten stuck in between my fingers. There is a large bubble and my hand hurts bad. What to do? Can warts from a childs hand be passed on to my animals.  Can you get an infection from a superfical dog scratch?  do dogs get gas I found hookworms in dogs poo. found out me and my 2 year old can get it. I have spots on my ankles not sure if I gotit. can you administer human antibiotics to dogs My 5yr old is allergic to dogs and cats,being that he is allergic to dogs/cats would he be allergic to hamsters also ? how long for diabetes in dogs to affect their eyes? We can't seem to get consistent glucose readings Is 6 months the ideal age to spay a female dog? is it okay to eat hot dogs when pregnant? Stray dog licked hand, do I need a shot Have I dislocated my knee?  my dog has red tearstains and red stains around his mouth and on his fur at his backend what could be the cause I fell walking my dog a couple days ago and tried to stop myself with my wrist now it and my thumb are very sore My dog scratched my eyelid and it is swollen and red. Should I go to the eye doctor? can you use cat shampoo on dogs What is the likelihood that a 4 year old child allergic to cats, will also be allergic to dogs? Can dogs really"smell" diseases? Our beagle and dachsund have been clingy towards me for the past couple months. Why is my 4 yr old afraid of all loud noises? can you floss dogs teeth How long does it take a dog to pass a foreign object? How long does it take a dog to pass a ring? When should I spay my dog? My 1yr old grandson who doesn't live with me is highly allergic to dogs I have a dog what should I do?  can baby powder be used on dogs my male dog has seizures, will having him nuetured help my dog has a spot on her stomach. I go to sleep and wake up crying several times a week - I cry 5 or 6 times a day. How can I deal with this? I just noticed a red ball of tissue on my dog's eye ball. It doesn't touch the eye lid or tear duct.  should dogs eat a hot dog Is Aloe Vera Juice toxic to dogs and cats? how much benadryl should I give my dog everyday milk is good for dog What is it like to be a dog breeder? can a loss of my pet dog tragically cause literal pain in my chest? I was bitten by 4 ticks in the stomach-legs area. They were on me for 2~4 hours. Should I be concerned. (I removed them) can my dog eat strawberries and cantaloupe  A friends dog nipped at me and scratched my eyelid. It is puffy, and there is a mark.How long will the puffieness last? Not sure if my foot is broken or sprained. It hurts pretty severly on the outside edge of my foot just below the ankle.  My dog eats and eliminates grass. Should I be concerned? how long does it take blood to replenish in a dog that was covered in fleas my son sleep with his dog alot of dog hair on his bed and banket is that bad for his health 3 yr old black lab/ newfinland mix. she is having full body shakes. she has been alos been losing weight. how long do I soak in epsom salts after stitches are removed to help healing? can I give my dog aspirin for pain? My wife is 27 weeks pregnant and accidently took our dogs medicine of Cephalexin. 1 pill 500mg, what do we do? how to to splint a dogs back leg? and what can i give him for pain? ARE WILD MUSHROOMS A HEALTH THREAT TO MY DOG? Do my dogs need a rabies and kennel cough shots if they never leave my housr? my dog we adopted 2 weeks ago they had her on adult food she is around 13 months should she still be on puupy food Why does my dog drink an only eats a little bit Why does changing weather affect me physically I was diagnosed with Chlamydia and my dog sometimes sleeps in my bed. Is my dog at risk for ctracting the infection? can a breastfeed mother can feed her son when she is bitten by a dog ?? What do it means when a dog like to lick your nose and ears? Is this a sign of some kind of health problem? does a cat with worms spread them through the house and are my kids and i at risk to getting them? My dog has befriended a stray kitten who appears to be sick (discharge from eyes and nose). Can my dog catch a disease? are tomatoes safe for dogs? Why do some dogs eat their puppies? My wrists and pinkies are very stiff and sore in the morning. Sometimes during the night my wrist will "pop" Does my dog need a blood test before giving him heartworm meds? why dose my dog's pee have a strong ammoua smell to it? why dose my dog's pee have a strong ammoua smell to it? Are there any diseases I can get from touching a tick? A tick fell off my dog. I picked it up not knowing what it was. can a dog eat pasta sauce can i pass pneumonia to my dog? What is a normal temperature for a dog can a dog get pink eye from a human? how long can I give a baby asprin to my dog for a fever Do dog raw hide bones contain salt my dog has bad stinky gas. why Is Valium ok for a very hyper dog that has bad earmits, and needs to be cleaned..He is a 100lb black lab I forgot to give my dog his heartworm pill for the last 2months. Is it ok to go ahead and start it up again?  can a dog have the cat royal canin canned food My dog has developed an ear infection and we have been treating itl All of a sudden he has been drinking and vomiting Why does my cat smell my breath? Can dogs eat oranges? my dog wont eat dog food how do you relieve a dog from bloat when in a remote location and vet is not available  What causes a dogs stomach to blow out? how to treat severe itching on dogs skin? what happen when a dog is scratching his butt my dog barked (2ft away) loudly, and my closest ear suffered immediate and continuous ringing with actual pain; why? Is barbecued meat poisonous to dogs? how long does it take for impetigo to breakout How to keep your dog from running away is brewers yeast good for dogs? does coconut shampoo help relieve dog itching How severe is a Class III allergy to dog hair/ dander?What are the correct preventative measures? how can i get fluids (water) into my dog if he refuses to drink why dose a 7 yr old dog suck fuzz stuff like it sucks its mom at birth why does my dog chew on his backside till it bleeds, and what can I do to clear it up at home? is dog pink eye contagious to humans Is it okay to feed my dog chicken or beef My dog killed and ate a baby bunny. Now hes panting and whining. Should I be worried? my dog has a grey-green discharge from his eye,especially after waking up from sleep.should i be worried? My dog eats grass and then throws up. Is his stomach upset. He will not eat before he does it this What can help a dog with constipation Is it okay to mix dog food in chicken broth my dog was chewing on a peach seed, when i took it away it was open and the inside was missing.  Daughter exposed to scabbies,Dr, treated with some cream didnt help! Had now a yr, also thinks she has GOUT! No insuran how do dog get tapeworms IS IT OK TO FEED YOUR DOG HOT DOGS DAILY? My dog is now 10yrs old and overweight. He has energy but lately has been limping everytime he gets up, is it arthritis? My moms dog smells really bad,it get into our clothing. She throws up and keeps her tail between her legs. is she dying My dog's tongue is very warm and she is eating grass. can humans get hiv from dogs or cats? I had gotten bit by a dog and it screwed up my thumbnail. Help? Is giving your dog ice or ice water on a hot day likely to cause it to die from bloating and spasms? can my dog give worms to my cats can dogs eat peanuts Is it possible to contract rabies by touching something a dog bit? how to prevent fleas and ticks for dogs Why do dogs eat their own poop, and what can be done to make them stop? is my cat at risk from tapeworm contamination Can I give my dog both benadryl and aspirin at the same time? Can a dog be tested for rabies before symptoms arise? omg! i just want to know how to stop my dogs tooth ache pain till i can get to a vet Can any one suggest medicen for Epilepsy for dogs.. my pets is effected with it how can i help my dog out of depression I rescued a dog and he's depressed and heartworm positive. What can I do to help him with his depression? Can I give my dog Gaterade for dehydration?  my dog has what looks like a bite of something in her front left leg. how can i treat this so it doesnt get infected?  puncture wound from dog bite on calf 3 days old surrounding area swollen hard and painful Infection ? or vain damage  How do I treat stitches with puss? How long should I wait for the antibiotic to work? my dog has a depressed mood and is shivering and crys if we try to pick himup, what is wrong with him? What should I do? can my dog catch my cold? Why is there blood in my dogs urine My husband brought home a kitten this morning. The vet told me that it has FIV. Can this be spread to my dogs Is there any health condition a dog could have that would cause excessive barking? How do I train my dog to ask to go out, or how to stop her walking in from the garden to poo indoors. 9 yr old dog who scratched me has died 2 months later, any rabies risk? Should dogs get flu shots despite being on 1600mg KBr 1000mg levitiracetam my 31.9kg dog still gets very violent seizures. I need a third opin i washed my genetal areal with a washcloth with dog feces....is there concen can i give the dog crab and fish bones is garlic safe for my diabetic dog Can I catch a dental disease from my dog? Why is it bad to sleep with my dog before hip replacement surgery 