Is it safe to drink during pregnancy? My 8-year-old daughter was prescribed Tamiflu. Do you have any suggestions on how to mix it with food or drink?  Ive had heartburn for three days, cannot eat or drink anything without severe pain. Nothing works. What do you suggest? I'm taking Prev Pac for 14 days. Can I drink alcohol while taking this medication? I drink occasionally. Does drinking coffee make heartburn worse or can it help? What about popsicles? Why cant I drink before bed if it makes me fall asleep faster? What foods and drinks may make incontinence worse? Will drinking diet soda affect my Concerta medication? Is it safe to take Buspar and drink alcohol? How can I help my stepson who has been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and is smoking and drinking? What can I use to flavor of my swamp-tasting tap water instead of artificially colored drink powders?  Can I drink alcohol while taking lorazepam? Is it harmful to drink alcoholic beverages while taking prednisone?  How long after drinking a margarita do you have to wait before taking a Vicoden for muscle pain?  Is it safe to have an energy drink every day?  Is it safe to take OTC energy pills/supplements if you drink a lot of coffee?  Is it OK to drink Vitaminwater and take a multivitamin every day? Can drinking cherry juice help me sleep better? What's a good alternative to drinking soda? Should I avoid drinking alcohol before a tooth extraction? Are there any foods or drinks you should avoid giving children so their adult teeth don't come in discolored?  Other than carbonated drinks, and foods that contain sugar or acid, what foods are bad for the teeth? Is it safe for me to have a 6-hour energy drink if Im on trazodone, Depakote, and Celexa?  Can I drink alcohol while taking valacyclovir?  Does alcoholism have an effect on congestive heart failure? My husband drinks 12 beers a day and is very bloated.  My front tooth is very sensitive to cold drinks. I don't want a silver tooth if I have a cavity. What are my options? Is it safe to take propranolol 60 mg daily and drink a six-ounce glass of red wine, too?  I am taking lithium oral, and everything I drink tastes like salt. Is this a common side effect?  Is it safe to drink a few beers with Adderall in my system?  We think my husband is depressed. He doesn't want to quit drinking beer. Can he do that and take antidepressants?  My 18-year-old son consumes 60 g of protein in drinks daily. Is that too much? Does he need a liver cleanser? Why should I not drink grapefruit juice while taking simvastatin or other statin drugs?  I lose control when I drink and don't know when to stop until is too late. Am I an alcoholic? If I take extra fiber, do I need to drink more water during the day? Can you drink alcohol after gastric bypass surgery? Can you drink coffee while taking hydroxychlor?  Can I take marijuana with other medication? what is in lite beer that is more hazardous to my health than regular beer how big an effect will 3 weeks of illness have on your A1c? vomiting diarrhea x7 days no meds for 5 days Is drinking carbonated water bad for you? I do not eat sweets or sugary drinks. I exercise every day but why am I gaining weight? I have pain in my upper left abdomen. I eat a lot of fatty foods and drink a good amount. I have no other symptoms. Why does combination of small amount of alcohol and moving vehicles cause my wife to pass out? Can you drink herbal teas while pregnant that contain echinacea, eucalyptus and stevia? When I swallow, it feels like food gets to a certain point and stops, causing pain, before going on down. Why? What happens if you drink coffee and took non-drowsy cold medicine? dizziness, nausea, bright red blood when I bm can you drink alcohol while on lyrica? should you just not have your dose for that day? can you drink wine after having an extraction what does it mean when your vomit is greenish blue? Ive puked greenish blue puke 6-8 times in bout 3 hours time. Is it safe to drink ensure during pregnacy How do I get rid of my extreme amounts of morning phlem that makes me vomit? How many glasses of water should I drink during pregnancy? my 1 yr old drank about 1/2 cup of spoiled milk. Is this a cause for concern? After drinking red wine I get really hot is something wrong? testicle and stomach pain drinking soda i was wondering why i feel spaced out all the time, it feels like a drunk or high feeling? it is all day long My 3 y/o son has a fever of 102-103 for last 2 days, when should i take him to the hospital if the fever doesn't go away My son has been lethargic for 48 hours now, vomited a lot on Friday night, but hasnt vomited since. Ideas? Hardly eating For a urine sample does a time lapse between when you last drink and when the sample was taken affect the results? how many cc of water should a person drink in 1 day will drinking beer affect my chemotherapy Does drinking tea help boost fertility? L. eye is droopy which makes R. eye seem to bulge. Is it psychological? It gets better for abt an hr after rest/coffee. can i take Hydrocodone-Acetaminophen and drink caffeinated beverges such as Red Bull  I'm getting over the flu, what would be the consequences of drinking alcohol? If I am taking Bactrim for a Urinary Tract Infection, is it okay to consume alcohol? Like 1 or 2 drinks? Why do i have to drink Barium before a CT scan? Is it necessary to see a doctor if you think you broke a toe? I have a constant heart burn and I feel like I have a softball stuck in throat. What is wrong? Why the tip of my stool is hard? it cause rectal bleed when I have my bowel movement. other part of stool is soft my girfriend is bipolar 2 she is going to see her therapist today i need question to ask him on how i can help her ? I am a thyroid pt my TSH levels are good but I keep losing weight I am now down to 109 what can I do to gain weight I drank coffee before a blood test. My blood sugar level was 132. Could it have been the coffee? whats the best way to get rid of a cold thats just starting to come in My husband sometimes seems drunk but says he hasn't had any alcohol. What else can cause slurred speech and droopy eyes? I had a one night stand with protection. Is it likely that I have contracted an STD? I treid to get blood drawn and nothing came out from my arm so they tried my hand and still nothing whats wrong? I smell like the morning after drinking alcohol however I don't drink. What could be the cause? is DRINKING cold water bad for you? While taking amoxicillin trihydrate can I drink? I don't know what is wrong with me, but im 20 years old and i recently stopped being able to have erections 19 mo. old had a 102 degree fever Friday, but seemed to break it with meds-now isn't urinating normal-no bw mvmt 2 dys can i put rice cereal in my month old sons formula to thicken it up it seems he gets to much air when he drinks I am 31 years old and 240 lbs, I have worked out for over three weeks. what are the symtoms for diabetes, I'm white,over weight and both sides of my family have it,too many to count. when i drink milk i emmediatly volmit"within 5 min". could this be lactose intolerance. What are the effects of drinking alcohol with a yeast infection? Can it interact with the over-the-counter treatment? can drinking alcohol the night before a blood test cause your bilirubin to be high ? help on getting pregnant I drink fizzy drinks all day maybe an addiction will it make me ill from all the sugar? I feel very unwell. Im 63 I made a mistake and I bought 9 to 24 months formula for my newborn... can he drink it?? For a 6'5" male age 45 @ 210 lbs, should the consumption of 5-7 beers per evening be cause for concern?  How much Almond Milk do I have to drink to get 1500 units of Calcium daily?  going to the bathroom every time you drink some water, juice or soda Why is the skin on my arms wrinkly and loose? Don't I not drink enough water? I am 52 years old. do pediatricians recommend children drink filtered water over tap water? if yes or no-why? what can i do if i had an excruciating facial pain going down from my right cheek all the way up to my ears? 5th and 6th day smoking after wisdom teeth? concerned, how to tell if clot is dislodged.  Sepsis, Do I have to stop smoking weed and taking ecstasy? How long can a person survive without eating or drinking on IV fluids? are fruit smoothies bad Can alcohol consumption cause allergic conjunctivitis (pink eye)? Help me!! Can you drink milk with fish? Is there a relationship between excessice coffee drinking and high blood pressure? WHAT WOULD CAUSE FATTY LIVER DISEASE IF YOU DO NOT DRINK ANY ALCOHOL AT ALL AND ARE NOT OBESE?  What could be going on with my son?? Friend ejected from car. She had a craniotomy for brain swelling/bleeding, but is still unresponsive. Prognosis? why shouldn't i drink grapefruit juice while taking the fentanyl transdermal system? Ate glass. Freaked out and puked. Now, it feels like there is acid in my stomach all the time. Am I going to die? Can a 9 month infant drink milk while on Tamiflu??? How much is 900 ml of water? Can I be allergic to milkshake but not to milk ? My 3 year old just had his tonsiles removed. and he refusing to drink. Can giving him a bath help with hydration? can milk block the effect of appetite suppresants? I wanted to know if these symptoms could be something serious? Can I drink alcohol while having barrets esophogus? Can you have a few beers while taking antibiotics for a infected cyst? Can I still brush my teeth, after tearing my frenulum Linguae? i have diarreha 5 to 10 times a day whether drinking water or after eating.cant be away from toilet stomach gurgling i took a drink of redbull that had a cigarette butt in it, took a little drink n swallowed the asshes no butt. am i ok? why do i have and itchy throat that makes me hack and gag. i can't sleep at night because i have to spit out flem I have a sharp pain in my chest what could this be ? Are there specific foods that can help lower blood sugar I have pain in my lower right abdomen right below my ribs after I drink alcohol. what could cause my 2 year old wake up at night like he is in pain many times though the night  I have white foamy urine during high blood sugar, I know I don't drink enough water, could this be the cause? Emphysema, heart rate of 97 and fluctating blood preassure. is she in immediate danger? IM 4 MONTHS PREGNANT AND AM CONSTATLY BURPING EVEN WHEN I HAVE NOT HAD ANYTHING TO DRINK OR EAT, IS THAT NORMAL? What causes a sudden onset of vertigo while lying down or turning while lying down? Can drinking a lot of hot water cause diarreah? What can taking pain pills and drinking alcohol with SVT and high blood pressure cause? i have a prescription for xanax for anxiety is it better to take as needed or on a daily basis? what causes an child's lip to peel? I'm trying to drink more water. If I add Mio and artificial sweetener, does it still count as water? i feel like there is something stuck in my throat Should an alcoholic trying to get sober drink O'douls beer? need expert advice so stressed out its unreal why do my hands shake involuntarily? it happens when I'm trying to do something precise, like pour sugar in my cup. Can mixing vodka and crystal light drink mix be dangerous?  Why do I get so thirsty when I nurse my baby? my son is 16 years old he is in to wrestling is it ok for him to drink protein shakes? can a baby drink goat's milk? I had a cpk test run and the labs came back at 6487 what symptoms are present and what does this mean have pain that comess and goes right under my ribcage on the right side kinda like heart burn but wrong place any ideas? Prior to having hip replacement surgery, how soon should the patient refrain from eating and drinking? having right adominal pain in my side  my daughter has genital herpes, can we 'catch' anything from her by drinking, or from the toilet? adominal pain  14 y.o. daughter complains of chronic headaches drymouth. She is drinking water all the time because she's thirsty  I have problems with severe cramps after working hard and sweating all day. my three year old granddaughter has had a low grade fever for severl days mainly at nght and is saying she has a headach I have stomach crampts and extremely bad diarrhea anything I eat or drink comes straight back out. deep hunger pains after being sick for two days? What can I do to ease the pain because food isn't working. I drink atleast 6 litres of water a day- should i be worried? Why has my sex drive gone away after I quit drinking alcohol? I often have UTIs and Yeast infections after sex. What can I do? I ate yesterday for lunch and all day after I had bad stomach pain in my upper abdomen. I couldn't sleep because it hurt Whats the bad effects of consuming too much Coke?  after I eat, I feel bloated and get a cramp like feeling, around my ribs, feels like something is sitting on my ribs 50 yr female over weight smoker recently started having deep indentions in my lower leg above the ankle from my socks , The morning after I have a glass of wine, I feel like I have drank a bottle. Why does this happpen - can I prevent it? 2 year old only wants to drink and not eat, ive limited her milk intake to 3 cups daily now she won't eat will drinking protein shakes make my hemorrhoids worse?  why does my blood suger drop so fast without warning I have random bouts of Blood in My Stool, I'll go a couple weeks where I'm fine and then it happens again what is the problem when spouse doesn't want to apologize for anything and goes days with out speaking to wife or son. If a drink 1 beer I immediately get a headache.It lasts for days. Possibity that I an alergic to alcohol/hopps/grains? Can you drink alcohol while taking clidamycin?  Is it better to drink something cold or hot i.e. water or tea, for weight loss? how to know when a flu has tuened into a chest infection in a 3 yr old little boy? a fever from 100 to 102.9 that ibuphen won't keep down below 100. The fever has been for 5 days. how dangerous is this Daughter stopped drinking from bottles at 9 months. She is 11 months and is refusing formula. I have a "dead pool of water" in my bladder, I need to know what to do about it. consuming large amounts of baking soda why would i be fine one day and the other all of a sudden be so off balence when i try to walk or stand.  Is it O.K. to drink pee? Im taking Keflex 500mg two times a day. Can i drink a beer with dinner just one or two nights? How long should I wait to start taking antibiotic metronidazole if I drank a couple wine coolers Friday night. How much juice, milk, and water should a toddler be drinking? I have a 1 yr old and a 2 yr old. My medication says no food for two hours after I take it. Can I still drink coffee during the two hours of no food? Will drinking soda make you gain weight? I dont know what to do in this situation of my girlfriend flirting with a customer at her bar. What do i do? Can you spread a UTI sexually? How much water should I drink each day? Does caffeinated tea (not herbal) count towards that amount?  I had surgery for abdominal adhesions ten years ago and depend on laxatives. Is there anything I can do to reduce my gas Is liquid flavor enhancers like (Mio, Dasani Drops, Crystal Light, etc) good for you? I had mitral valve repair heart surgery 2 months ago. Lately I have been blacking out severely after using drugs(addict) How to prepare to get stabbed? I was wondering who I would talk to or who I could call if I was looking for help for my mom. She is severly depressed. I am prone to recurrent uti. What can I change about my diet to prevent and treat urinary tract infections? 2 yr old that is running low grade fever (101.4), drinks a small amount of liquids and fills 2 diapers peeing.  I have a uti. It's worse than any uti I have ever had before pain-wise, and there is blood in my urine. Is this normal? Why does Fiber makes me constipated?  Son vomitting off and on 2nd week 6 years old.ER had no answers,sons Doctor says maybee stomach bug Is drinking distilled water good or bad for you? 22 years old and suddenly have less powerful ejaculations producing less ejaculate too i am 16.can i drink ENSURE GOLD choclate flavoured? What age can a baby start drinking water and juice? I've heard conflicting opinions.7 weeks of pregnancy what should my wife avoid eating and drinking? I drink water and I immediately feel bloated and I burp. If I drink anything else I am OK. What can it be? I'm tired all the time but I'm getting 8 hours of sleep every night? Can HPV sprwad through sharing drinks, cigarettes, etc...? I took 2mgs of subutex yesterday at 7:30am. can I drink tonight without getting sick? is black coffee without sugar ok to drink while fasting for a cholesterol test does drinking water at night cause weight gain Can drinking alcohol cause H Pylori? My 21/2 year old has a fever that has spiked over 103. He is laying around,not eating,but drinking ok. Shld i worry?  what can I do to help my alcoholic spouse that doesn't want to stop drinking, I feel like I'm losing my mind.  i need to know whats wrong with my friend, please help. im 21 female and weigh 103 i want to be 115 What does alcohol do to your body? Why does it make you hungry the next day? My 2yr old has a fever of 102.6 no other symptoms.in-laws say to wrap her up so she can sweat it out is this safe?? I took a variety of medications to get high a few days ago. How long before my heart rate returns to normal? Is it safe to drink beer while taking a multi vitamin? After a long walk, is it safe to drink ice water? I was told ice water was not safe to drink after exercising. My tongue hurts real bad. It's. Swollen,cracked, the edges top and bottom has a burning feeling Can't. Eat, drink ect. is there any home remedy to help alleviate stomach ulcers Every so often, I get bloody stools, looks like clumps of blood in my feces. I also drink a lot. Is there a link? is it bad to have a tight feeling in your chest? My 2 years old drink lots of water, he also pees a lot. Is this bad for him? why do i get a tight feeling in my chest after drinking an energy drink. I get a sharp pain in my right ear everytime I yawn, cough, drink or talk, this has been going on for about a week. I get a sharp pain in my right ear everytime I yawn, cough, drink or talk, this has been going on for about a week. hi ,I heard there is a formula for extract of lemon and garlic that opens clogged arteries after 35 days,is that true? dizzy and faint lately. BP 98/62.Iron 13.7. i drink plenty of water. how can i raise my blood pressure? Would that help? I'm very scared right now. I just woke up from the absolute weirdest and most physically intense dream I've ever had. can you drink beer while taking metformin What are the physiological effects of drinking one glass of alcohol.  what happens if you eat or drink alcohol 8 hours prior to wisdom tooth extraction? Is is safe to drink even a glass of wine while on antidepressants and then drive? had a cough for a week and when i go to bed i get a drowning sensation. I barely get sleep. What's wrong? I think I need medication to quit drinking,I'm worried,and what if I don't have insurace? Are there programs to help me? Is green tea okay to drink when you are taking Warafin (Coumadin)? How contageous is MRSA and how does one pass it on to another person? Can an AST level of 55 be due to a significant night of alcohol consumption in the 24 hours preceding the blood draw? I was just told that I have gallbladder stones. I also have IBS w/ constipation. Is it still safe to drink Miralax? how can I help my 50 yr old fiancee' through issues in her menstrual cycle? Does ice cold drinks affect gerds? can I drink wine while taking cephalexin 500mg 4 times a day I have calcification of the prostate. Is it related to masturbation? I drink about 12-15 beers everyday and I want to stop. Can I stop without serious side effects?  I drink about 12-15 beers everyday and I want to stop. Can I stop without serious side effects? When you the birth control pill will alcohol lower its effectiviness?  Bladder problems after period Feels like a UTI. Can you drink ensure with diabetes Why am I nauseous 24/7? Why do I get diarrhea if I eat something sweet after drinking a beer? what types of food should i not eat with a stomach ulcer? Is milk good for bleeding ulcers? what happens to your teeth if you drink soda does drinking caffeine increases my tinnitus Amber colored urine? Dehydration? Urine prugent odor with frequent urinations and intense non-painful flow. Started with 2tbsp lemon water in mornings. Can drinking Orange Juice at night cause upset stomach in the morning? Is drinking a bottle of water too quickly bad for you? what does it mean when you throw up and the taste and smell like your bowel movement I did one line of cocaine 4 days ago..I am active and drink lots of water.How long will this drug stay in my urine? Can I drink wine while taking estrogen pills? what to eat when you suffer from ulcerative colitis and can I drink milk as well if alka-seltzer helps me does that mean I'm not having a heart attack? Can you drink wine 24 hours after getting the flu vaccine? I am 5ft 2 i havnt eaten for 88 days but drink only tea with 1 sugar how much harm am i putting my body and brain in  my face, chest, back, arm and legs (sometimes) turn red or patches of red when i drink "sometimes". Can I take metronidazole one day after drinking alcohol 30 yr old, why so many night sweats? is there a natural remedy for bph grandson, 7 yrs old, 4'9', and 125lbs. younger brother tested pos. for strep. hes vomiting, fever, slept for 2 days, Can you drink alcohol if you have an acute kidney injury?  My husband is having trouble getting and keeping and erection.  Why does changing weather affect me physically Can this turn up in well water, and because we can't drink our water, can it be apsorbed through the skin? How much mild should a 12 year old girl drink per day How do you lose weight if you are supposed to eat 1500 calories, but only excerise 300 of it away daily? How can you have negative dilute urine drug test if you have no drugs in system or have not had alcohol 5-7 days? Can you get a cold sore from drinking soda? Is constipation a common side effect of drinking green tea or peppermint tea? Can intense exercise and caffine combine to cause panic attacks? I'm an alcoholic, why is it so hard to stop drinking? Always have a lump in my throat Beer lower my libidoI Can I drink alcohol after my IntraUterine Insemination? can you get chlamydia from drinking from an infected persons cup? can you get chlamydia from drinking from an infected persons cup? What does drinking beer do to a post menapausal woman. How much excercise do I need? Can excessive drinking affect ones ability to trust someone ? Causing anxiety and jumping to conclusions? Do I have IBS? 3 bowel movements a day. Blood in bowel movement Is any alcohol beverage considered a clear beverage that is okay to drink during a colonoscopy prep?  Stuffy sinuses after eating wheat or drinking beer. can you get sick from drinking tea that is past the expiration date? Is it ok for post menapausal women over 60 to drink cow's milk? Recently I've been getting very nauseated with no warning. It happens day and night and doesn't appear to be from food. Is multiple myeloma contagious by sharing a drink Are there any foods to make your frist period come sooner? Today I accidentally drank out of someone else's soda bottle. Should I be worried about getting any kind of diseases? ive always had trouble doing the restroom so i drink laxatives. im 18/f laxatives dont work for me anymore, whats wrong? Can drinking alcohol while taking Wellbutrin cause fainting diet coke pregnancy Healthy 33 yr white female. High BP as of 3 mnths ago, 143/91 avg. Creatinine 1.3 and gfr 50L, thoughts? How to wein yourself off of caffeine such as, carbornated soft drinks? I took .25mg of xanax fri morning, 1st time ever. Will this be out of my urine for a test wed morning? i drink about 7 or more soft drinks a day and i get a headache about lunch time everyday what could be the cause  i drink a lot of water but not losing weight I'm feeling nauseous about seven hours after unprotected sex and it won't stop. I've felt nauseous for two days? I drink atleast 8-10 litres of water a day- is there any medicine to control it? A friend of mine is having a problem urinating today... He's 57, overweight 5'9" 265lbs. Would drinking some h2o help? what happens when you dont drink enough water daily? can drinking more water, replace prescribe water pill? is drinking coffee good for a cough. If I drink a glass of iced tea does that count toward my 8 glasses of water per day? Hi, Iam 25 years old but I look 35 years.And this is really annoying for me. Can you figure out the reason? Is it OK to drink alcohol while taking Plavix. Can ongoing stomach problems cause pain in the teeth? what foods or drinks can help my blood pressure? My son, who is 26, say that when he drinks liquids, his heart hurts.His BVA-100 was normal. What can be the cause? Can someone damage a small childs throat in any way by sticking a tongue depresser in too far? Do water based haze machines cause asthma issues? Is hot or cold water best for quenching your thirst I only drink water and Red Korean Ginseng Tea. Can drinking to much Korean Red Ginseng Tea have side affects? burning tongue syndrome, what cures it, it hurts all the time High metabolism and need to gain weight Can I eat more vegetables and drink natural milk and still be able to lower my cholesterol?  why should I Avoid drinking alcohol while taking Pristiq? What effects will that give me at 100 mgs? My 2yr old son has swollen foreskin on his penis. Dark yellow pee. Back and stomach ache After drinking alcohol my heart rate increases so that I notice it. Is this normal? . Do I need to worry or see a doctor? 66, female, active, no extr weight, down a pk to 3 cigs day,no drink or med-prob  I have an over active bladder. What liquids would be good for me to drink that would not cause me any bladder issues? What can cause your urine to smell like - for a lack of better way to explain it - bad toilet water? My 4yr Old has a temp of 103, if i cant get it to break, how long shoulld i wait to take him to the doctor? Why it's not healthy to drink tea right after a meal? And how long should a person wait to drink? does drinking tea destroy your kidneys Do you want to be active when you have a sore throat? My one year old drank some water from the Christmas tree with tree food in it bow he is really sick, could that be why? My husband says his stomach is burning why? genital herpes can it spread from drinking from other people drinking cups Does tea cause contractions? Female, over 65, alcohol 2 drinks, extreme flush, face and neck. Tender nipples Alcoholic drinks and extreme gassiness + digestion Is it ok to drink sodas while taking/on birth control? My dog has developed an ear infection and we have been treating itl All of a sudden he has been drinking and vomiting My last period was Nov 8. I took two HPT that were negative. Could I still be pregnant? Does drinking gatorade work just as well as water when thinning mucus? when tracking fluid intake, should I count pop or alcohol?  Is there a link to the vegetable okra as a way of regulating, or curing diabetes? My teenage daughter may have mono. I had it 32 years ago, could she have gotten it from me? (sharing drinking cups) Worried I have lymphoma Is drinking beer okay when having diabetes Is it safe to drink castor oil to hurry delivery? What causes a dogs stomach to blow out? Why is it important to drink plenty of fluids during a cold. is decaf black tea safe with blood pressure meds Will drinking green tea help you lose weight? can you give someone gential herpes if they drink out of your glass/straw I have been vomiting as soon as i eat something, not pregnant, its been more than 2 weeks. What could cause this proplem can i drink glucose during pregnancy can you drink alcohol and take blood thinners I'm supposed to drink 8 glasses of water daily. Can I substitute herbal tea? It's just more interesting. Inflamed lesion on underside of tongue w/swelling about the size of a lymph node.No teeth back there.Unknown etiology? can drinking okra get rid of diabetes? can drinking coffee replace drinking water? Possibly 2months pregnant but I've drank redline twice. Can that harm my baby?? I'm pretty worried "/ Can simply eating fresh lobster while on nexium cause traveler's diarrhea? I wonder what alcoholic beverages can I drink (if any) with acid reflux, etc. I usually just drink wine...but it hurts. How long after drinking 2 or 3 beers is it okay for a female to have a hormone test? I have a condition where I feel drunk, Stood up after sitting in bed after drinking coffee and eye sight went black/felt like I was gonna faint/feet was numb how much water should a woman drink if she exercises four hours a day? What can cause two people in diffrent rooms in the house to suffer cramps in both of their right legs at the same time? DOES DRINKING ORANGE JUICE HELP STREP THROAT? Should I drink hot or cold for laryngitis wihich i have with a sinus infection?? My 60 year old husband touches me at night andit stings my body. his side of the bed turns an orangy color over time, why does my urine smell like strong ammonia  is it oki to drink diet soda during pregnancy? 2 yr old Grandson has been vomiting since born. He weighs no more than 24pds and that drops. He doesn't want to eat. does soy milk cause gynecomastia (man boobs)? can an energy drink raise your blood sugar Should I see the doctor for my heart? I have to eat or see the doc, that's why I am here. Is it safe for me to drink a monster energy drink while im pregnant? I have oral thrush. My wife accidentally drank from the same cup that I have been using. Would she be infected? what are some home remedies for height growth naturally but nave no sideeffects? how do i ween myself from drinking nothing but caffeinated soda pop can excessive drinking cause signs of glaucome? How do u get a 2 year old with thrush to eat n drink to avoid dehydration? I have been dizzy for two weeks. I walk like I am drunk but I am not a drinker. Walking is now difficult now. Is it safe to drink a lot of carrot juice? when drinking coffee, how long does it take to get to the intestine after consumption? will eating grapefruit lower my cholesterol I found part of a cigarette/filter in my beverage after consumption. Will this hurt my unborn children? 27 weeks w/ 3. Is it safe to add cayenne pepper to hot water and drink it? Is the sugar in Tropicana orange juice bad for me? swollen glands of the neck how long do alcohol withdrawals last Pimple and other face scar . What if you have a UTI and cipro or doxy do not clear it? can you drink while taking milk thistle? my daughters first UTI was at 6mo. old she is 7now we have tried obvious things would "CYSTEX Cranberry" be okay does drinking too much diet coke (and no water) cause dehydration? Can I drink any alcoholic beverages with atrial flutter? Wondring, I am on thyroid meds and I am wondering if having to much salt in the water I drink effect my lab results should i be taking more than lexapro? Is it safe to drink if I am trying to conceive but got my period? Can you drink apple cider vinegar when taking nexium? CAN AN ANAL FISSURE CAUSE STOMACH PAIN? while taking gemfibrozil, do i have to stop drinking alcohol all together My seven year old boy refuses to eat anything that he is offered telling us he's not hungry. What are the benefits of coffee before a workout? Why does my pee smell like rotton eggs Can type 2 diabetic drink some wines  do people with low blood sugar need lots of water? Do they have to drink more then normal people? And I pee constantly! How do I know if Stent is working?? Can it cause an infection?? I have fatty liver disease and cirrhosis. I have stopped drinking alcohol. What is my future health prognosis? Can you drink alcohol while you are on a ZPac? (azithromycin) Swallowed an air bubble drinking water, causing extreme pain followed by no hunger with stomach pressure. What happens if you drink water a few hours before surgery? how can i get fluids (water) into my dog if he refuses to drink why am I constently throwing up everything i eat and drink and im not pregnant How often should 35 month old urinate? Is drinking fluids (water, etc.) with meals harmful to digestion? Does it dilute gastric acids? Are my kidneys functioning properly? I taste soap whenever I eat or drink, even water. I do not take medications or supplements Dairy has never caused me stomach problems but it does give me hard stool and hemorrhoids. Am I lactose intolerant? Should I be concerned with the following: EOSINOPHILS,ABSOLUTE at 10 L with a reference range of 15-500 CELLS/MCL?   What happens with Total liver failure? Acute Kidney Failure can drinking 5-8 alcoholic beverages in an evening cause this? my husband has acute renal faliure,he drimks a lot of sugarfree pop is this bad for him What causes pain when eating starches, fats and/or protein? Can a panic attack/hyperventialing cause blood sugar to rise? can a nursing mother drink a beer?  Can drinking carbonated drinks interfere with weight loss?  I have been drinking heavy for 2yrs. I am trying to get pregnant if I stop driking will I get pregnant? Been trying 2yrs Can I drink milk or orange juice with sinusitis? I have extremely pitted tonsils and I get tonsil stones every day. Its taking a toll on my life. Can I get them removed? what is the number one thing that i can drink that will help me lose weight?  is iced tea with splenda and lemon bad for cholesterol? Suggest any medicament or excercise for curing Phimosis. Any diet for such. I regularly do gym and drink 3 litrs water. what does it mean when your right side hurts and then it goes down to your leg I had unprotected sex, i took Plan B and now i have my "period" 2 weeks early and its lighter then usual. Am i pregnant? I have diarrhea for 5 days now, multiple times like over 15 times a day what should I do, Now its obvisouisly burning My cheeks flush after I eat anything and sometimes at random. It is hot to the touch. Why? When can I stop using baby formula water for formula and start using either tap or jug water I buy for a water cooler? My six week old son has continuous stomach issues. He spits up, throws up and has constant gas. Doxycycline potential Liver damage When should I go to the hospital for dehydration Sudden tea color in my pee Connection between Liver Disease and Exzema im only 18 and this is my first child. will i have to stop dranking soda and eating hot chips? Dark blood in stool,I have thick stools of large diameter. Do I have a serious problem? My newborn gets a lot of gas 30 minutes to an hour after she drinks her formula. Is she Lactose Intolerant? Grandson has bopolar disorder and diabetic 1 patient. He smokes bud (cocaine? Marijuana?) and drinks excessively. Help Bally Chohan - What would be the best drink for health? Can energy drinks hurt my 10 year old who has adhd and bicuspid aortic heart disease? Can you get cold sores from mono What does it mean when you are staying hydrated,but having trouble urinating? Can I drink soda after having all my teeth pulled 5 days ago? congestive heart failure patients should or should not drink water or other fluids what are the physical effects of drinking on an empty stomach? Why have I been waking up to pee multiple times (almost every hour) during the night? I have to urinate every 2-3 hours thruout the night/sleeping. I do drink 8-10 glasses of H20 a day. what causes this? When I consume sugar based drinks my urine smell. Is this based off of my diet/ should I seek medical help immediately?  Diabetes Symptoms What fatal results that could happen from binge drinking?  can drinking water help lower Bp? why am I unsucessful in TTC? Why is my throat sore after drinking alcohol? is it save to drink sinuclear while 4 weeks and 3 days pregnant? Why are my bowel movements green? Could I be pregnant or have an STD? 11 yr old daughter gets dizzy and will be for hours. Today it was sudden and got very pale. Can an alcoholic have a heart attack if he quits drinking sudenly? i think i have mrsa on my left tonsil. its in a shape of like a grapevine sort of`(3) I have a stray cat with kittens, she loves to drink milk but not water, is there anything else that I can give her? Can a bladder infection or a UTI cause constipation? can drinking 80-100 oz. of water every day cause constipation? Friends daughter drank pipe cleaner chemically burning her throat what is best course of treatment? how healthy is it to just eat lettuce and sleep all day I've started to exercize and eat better. But I'm getting bad headaches and neasea. Yes, I drink plenty h2o. IBS VS Pancreatits? i have symptoms of both , lately my stomach pain has gotten so severe ive debated on going to the ER can taking 45 50mg capsules of tramadol boiled in water and drank kill you please?? I had sex four days ago. He was really drunk and for part of it the condom fell off.  What are the benefits of drinking aloe vera juice daily? What are the pros and cons? I go through a gal of milk (skim free) in a little over a week. My mom says I drink way too much milk. Healthy or not? i just tooka drugtest i peed 2times beforethen drank a gallon of waterthen peed clear i put 10mlof water in60 willi pass Could my girlfriend be pregnant? How early is too early for an accurate test? Is spotting after a week late a good sign? does drinking too much water and soda before a meal make you feel full, that you do not want to eat? if you drink to much before a meal, does that fill you up and make you not hungry? Can I take 1/2 mg lorazapam 12 hours after alcoholic drinks what makes a tongue turn yellow can too much tea cause a sore tongue? My 5 yr old daughter pees out of her pull-up every night. No drinks last 6pm, bedtime at 9. What is the problem? Possible STD exposure? 33 weeks pregnant having contractions dilated 1 cm is it ok to drink castor oil? Every time I drink Dr pepper 10 diet soad stuff like that I get a canker sore on my tongue, why?  can drinking to much water a day cause severe constipation? I can drink almost a gallon a day when not working Why is my cat keeping his mouth open with his tongue out. He's not cuddly, and doesn't want me looking at his mouth. I was an extreme alcoholic for 8 years, but quit 22 years ago. Could liver damage be affecting my cognitive skills now? What could be the cause of the throbbing wave like pain in my right kidney? I have a 3mm kidney stone in my left kidney I rescued a dog and he's depressed and heartworm positive. What can I do to help him with his depression? for a 5' 11" 43 year old male 245 pounds, drinking 160 ounces of beer a night be cause for concern?  My consistency in stool color and shape is irregular, why? I urinate around 4 to 8 times an hour. I drink one cup of coffee in the morning and water the rest of the day. Is swelling in face and hands normal during pregnancy? I started Microgestin 1/20 on day 1 of my period. Am I protected right away even if I didn't bleed that much on day 1? My 44-yr old boyfriend needs oral stimulation in order to get hard. Is this normal? can i drink wine while breast feeding SHOULD I GO TO THE HOSPITAL??? Plz help!! 3 year old. 12 days every time we give her food or liquid she gets bad tummy ache and vomits losing weight. I drink everyday and smoke sometimes doctor says heart is fine but chest hurts and shortness of breath what can it be Why is there blood in my dogs urine WIFE'S (AGE 46)PERIOD IS GOING ON 3 WKS.LOTS OF DISCHARGE AND VERY SMELLY AND NOT LIKE FRESH DISCHARGE. WHAT IS IT? Weird, I can eat Macaroni and Cheese and eat Cereal, but if I eat cheese or drink milk by itself, I get sick!? can drinking white vinegar cleanse my system for cocaine use brown in color, on the pill but planned parenthood told her it was the lack of good bacteria. True? What time of day should I stop drinking coffee? Is sleepy time tea safe to drink during pregnancy? Are there any other suggestions to help with sleeping? I'm deydrated but have been drinking water constantly and instantly urinating it out. Also have diarreha, light headed How long after stopping drinking alcohol (beer) does it take for the blood to return to normal viscosity. IAM 65 YRS OLD. CAN I DRINK 4-5 CUPS GREEN TEA PERDAY SAFELY WITHOUT SIDE EFFECTS. Is drinking mouthwash for the alcohol harmful? what are the symptoms of starvation was there some sort of drug in my drink? I've been feeling lightheaded, have been seeing small tracers and flashes of light in my periferal vision? drug in drink or did i over do it? If I drink one glass of water a day for a week will I become severely dehydrated? If so how quick will it happen. Can drinking ammonia kill you? What food or drinks to avoid when u have delayed ejaculation my 11 month old drinks soy formula can i switch her to whole milk Why is my stool yellow and is it something I should be worried about? How to reduce dizziness  I'm detoxing off alcohol but I can't afford any meds or outpatient care. I get so sick should I Wien myself or just quit My boyfriend drinks 6-8 beers in one weekend night, once or twice a month, is that cause for concern? My boyfriend drinks 6-8 beers in one weekend night, once or twice a month, is that cause for concern? Will drinking parsley tea induce my period early or is this a myth? Overactive Bladder Why do i have extrem acid reflux and feel sick all the time as well as wind and discomfort is coconut oil safe to drink Type I'm 47 never had a problem with getting an erection that most of the time was so hard it hurt. now I can't. Why? Could I be pregnant if I got my period twice in one month? drinking regular soda, and eating cake, candy, chips, and cookies increase the risk of getting diabetes After a night of heavy drinking, upper right abdomen feels bloated, very little to no pain but some slight discomfort Does chlorine in our drinking water cause bladder cancer? can i drink beer with a major tongue laceration I bit through it.  Constant Ribcage pain after drinking? My father has stomach cancer that spread everywhere. he hasn't or drank for 2 weeks now. Why wont the hospital keep him Why am I chronically dehydrated even when I drink 3-4L of water every day? how to avoid acid reflux/cure acid reflux Is it safe to drink apple cider vinegar ? or Aloe Vera juice ? My daughter reeks of alcohol when she hasn't been drinking. She's been throwing up almost daily, has acid reflux Can drinking 5 or 6 energy drinks cause a blood clot in the brain? Blood in Stool Does drinking two or more diet sodas each day make women gain weight? are smoothie king enhancers ok for pregnancy 5 days ago drank coffee then gush of watery fluid. Yesterday, positive pregnancy test. Could it be a chemical pregnancy? what to do if an adult hates milk smell and taste and can't drink it? can people with type 2 diabetes drink v8 juice can you eat and drink after wisdom teeth surgery if you are still bleeding What is the average amount of breast milk/formula that a 3 month old baby should be drinking? can orange juice cause miscarriage My 62 year Father has Bi-polar Disorder How long would cum be safe to drink if in a glass and refrigerated? What do I do next? For prozac pills, what will happen if you do not consult a doctor immediately after experiencing 4 serious side effects? Is this dangerous and what disease is this is? Is it safe to drink tonic water for Restless Leg syndrome? How much weight can I loose if I stop drinking 8 cans of Pepsi a day ?? Help my husbend cant remimber like he use to. What's the best way to clean out my digestive system after eating and drinking too much at Thanksgiving?  