Does Alphagan P interact with any other medications? Does Celexa interact with any other medications? Are there any warnings for the drug Desoxyn? What is a brand name for the drug diazepam? What is a brand name for the drug docetaxel? Are there any warnings for the drug Dolophine? Are there any warnings for the drug Methadone Intensol? Are there any warnings for the drug methamphetamine? Does Meticorten interact with any other medications? Are there any warnings for the drug naltrexone? What are the brand names for the drug oxycodone-acetaminophen? What else do I need to know about antidepressant medicines? Which medications treat alcoholism? What is the treatment for cold sores, are there any home remedies, and what medications are used?  What medications are used to treat arrhythmias? What are the dangerous effects of drug use in teens? What should I expect to be told about any newly prescribed medication? Are generic versions of drugs really just as good (and safe) as their brand-name counterparts? What cold medicines can I give the baby? Why are pregnant women warned not to use drugs? Can women on bipolar medications crave carbs or sugar or both? I can't take prescription drugs for erectile dysfunction. Will a penis pump work? I have cat allergies and wanted to know which over-the-counter and prescription medications might help. How can I make sure that Im not taking too many medications? What allergy medications are safe to use during pregnancy? Are there drugs that might interact with my allergy medications? Are there any foods that might counteract my allergy medications? Can I get my medication without a safety cap? Are Tylenol PM or Nyquil safe to take with prescription meds? Could Advil PM and other over-the-counter sleep meds cause liver problems? Over-the-counter pain medications and sleeping pills are helping with my insomnia. Should I still see a doctor? How safe is taking Osteo Bi-Flex with the many Fibromyalgia medications and pain meds I take? How can I tell if I am having an allergic reaction to a new drug, for example, Savella? How can I make sure that I am not taking too many pain medications? I was wondering, how long do pain medications like Percocet and Hydrocodone stay in your system? Why have experts recommended lowering levels of acetaminophen in prescription and over-the-counter drugs? What medications and first-aid items do I need to have on hand before my baby comes? I have heard that OTC cold meds were dangerous for young children and are pulling them off the shelf. Is that true? Are there any over-the-counter meds to help my really gassy baby who doesn't burp well? How do I know which common children's medications can and can't be mixed? Are there any over-the-counter meds I can give my child for an ear infection? How do I choose an over-the-counter heartburn medication? What other drugs interact badly with proton pump inhibitors? Are there any heartburn medications that are safe to take during pregnancy? What is the drug Capadex used for and what are the side effects? Is Unisom safe to take during pregnancy for morning sickness? Are there other medications for morning sickness? What common medications should I avoid during my pregnancy? Can hydrocodone worsen already developed ulcers? If so, what medication can I use other than Tylenol for back pain? How can I make sure that I am not taking too many medications? What prescription medications cause constipation? I use ginger root in a couple of forms for nausea. Are there any medications that should not be taken with ginger? What are the some of the medications used to treat H. pylori? Could I become addicted to my weight loss medication? Do diet pills interact with depression and bipolar meds such as Wellbutrin and Geodon? I am embarrassed to tell my doctor that I can't afford prescription medications. Is it okay to ask for free samples? Are most generics as good as brand name medications? I have been thinking about buying drugs online to save money, is that a good idea? Where should I store my medications so they don't lose potency before their time? How can avoiding medications with XL, LA, XR or CR in their name, save me money? I took someone else's medications to save money. Should I be honest with my doctor? How can I find out which drug companies will help you out with the cost of their drugs? My doctor has given me a really expensive medication Pristiq. Are there any ways to reduce those costs? Is it okay to take both Claritin-D and Tylenol or Advil at the same time? Should any of these medications not be mixed? How often can I use medicated sprays or drops? Why are some medications, like Sudafed, kept behind the counter? I can't get rid of scabies. Is there a new medicine for scabies? What is the best medicine to use against chigger bites? What is the best OTC medicine for any skin infection? Are there any OTC sleep medications that do not cause symptoms like restlessness? Is it safe to give my child a prescription medicine if it is six months past the discontinue date? Can you administer oral medication rectally due to nausea? I am allergic to aspirin, ibuprofen, and codeine. What other pain medicines can I take that wont cause a reaction? I fell on cement stairs 6 months ago and still in pain. I dont like taking drugs to mask the pain. What should I do? My mother has been prescribed numerous medications. Is it safe to be on all the meds she's on all at once? I have been on Synthroid for 13 years. I cant afford my medication and have been off for three weeks. What can happen? How do I dispose of old drugs that the pharmacy won't take? Has the company that makes Prevacid lost their patent? Isnt the drug about the same as Nexium? Can you take acid reflux medicine and probiotics together? I stopped taking my bipolar medications a week and a half ago. Can I just restart where I left off? Does a pharmacist always check to see if the new meds will counteract with what is already being taken? I'm taking Prev Pac for 14 days. Can I drink alcohol while taking this medication? I drink occasionally. If I tell the pharmacist all the medications Im taking and it is listed in their system, who does that get shared with? Where can I get a blank drug sheet to list my meds to take to the doctor with me? I just found out I am pregnant. I currently take Topamax for my migraine control. Can I continue my medication? I have a brown recluse bite on my leg that is extremely painful. I dont want to walk. What pain medication is safe? I am eight weeks pregnant and I have a cold. What medicine can I take? What medication is equivalent to fexofenadine? Why do you take some medicines on an empty stomach and at the same time every day? What over-the-counter (OTC) medication is OK to take for headaches when you have stomach ulcers? Is it safe to take ginger root with prescribed medications? I am taking Seroquel and gained quite a bit of weight. What is the best diet to follow while taking this medication? Does taking calcium citrate interfere with taking my thyroid medicine, Levothroid? What is acetaminophen elixir? How does the word elixir change the purpose of the medication? Is it safe to use weight loss product Alli while taking Synthroid medicine? Can vitamins interfere with any prescription medicines? I've heard that pharmaceutical companies sometimes offer discounts on drugs. How would I get access to those discounts? Are brand-name drugs superior in quality to their generic equivalents? My sister was prescribed Zetia. Is there anywhere we can get her help with this medicine? She is on a fixed income. I am in my drug doughnut period of Medicare. My Plavix is much too expensive. Is there a less expensive medication? I want to find another drug that is cheaper than what I am taking: Protonix 40 milligrams. What is Zocor used for and are there any generic brand names for this medicine? What happens if you use expired medication? Is there an OTC medication to help get my blood sugar down? I lost my insurance. I know I can keep it down with diet. My husband recently passed away. What should I do with all of his leftover prescription medication? I am taking a medication and my pharmacist says that I have to be careful in the sun. Isn't wearing sunscreen enough? I have psoriasis on my elbows. I don't want to use prescription medications. Can supplements help? Why do we get cystic acne? Are there any good treatments? Medicine vs. herbal (home remedies)? What medications and foods should I avoid before surgery? why does my cosmetic surgeon need to know if I use drugs? Is there a downside to oral erection drugs? Besides ED medications, what can cause priapism? What are the differences between the various ED medications? Does Apple Cider Vinegar interact with any other medications? Can RA medications like Implanon affect my ability to get pregnant? How soon after stopping seizure medications can I get my driver's license? What steps can I take to reduce my risk of serious drug side effects? Can medications prevent travelers' diarrhea? What if I'm taking a medicine that can lead to bone loss? Why shouldn't I change my meds for depression? I am on three ineffective meds for depression. Should I go off the meds and try St. John's wort?  If you see a patient for meds only (with someone else as psychotherapist), how many minutes do you spend with a patient? I can't shake complete unhappiness with living and myself. Should I talk to my doctor? I don't want to take medicine. Medication has helped my anxiety and depression. Why do I occasionally have anxiety symptoms, nausea and muscle aches? Can lowering the dosage for an oral medication for diabetes, such as Glipizide, cause my vision to be extremely blurry? I get very anxious while riding in a car. Is there medication I can take right before a car trip to calm me? I've had anxiety, depression and insomnia for 10 years. Meds don't help me fall and stay asleep. What can I do? Does lithium prevent suicide? How about other drugs? I am afraid of medication side effects, so my doctor gave me a list of drugs to look up and choose from. Is this OK? If your patient wanted to go off meds and had no major episodes of manic depression for a while, what would you advise? Will drinking diet soda affect my Concerta medication? What medications are available for severe scalp psoriasis? Why is it important to read the label on my calcium medication? Can you recommend a medication for rebound headaches besides Excedrin?  Can Parkinson's disease medications be given by IV (intravenously)? Would Parkinson's disease and/or its medications cause someone to be crude and vulgar or to make sexual innuendoes? Should you take your depression medications at the same time every day? Is there an antidepressant and a migraine medication that is safe to take together? How long does it take Wellbutrin SR to work, and does alcohol affect this medicine? What can be done to improve sexual desire while taking pain medications? My husband has been taking Janumet for over a year. Our insurance wants him to take cheaper medicine. Any suggestions? What non-prescription sleep medicine can I take while pregnant? I have allergies to sulfur drugs. Is it OK to take Lasix?  Is Avinza a narcotic medication?  What medications and treatments are available to treat Diverticulitis? What medications and treatments are available to treat Genital Herpes? What medications and treatments are available to treat Herniated Disc? What medications and treatments are available to treat Neck Pain? I am five and a half months pregnant and take Xanax. Can this drug harm the fetus, and how do I taper off my dosage? I have a big headache, and I'm pregnant. What over-the-counter medicine can I take that will be safe?  I take zonisamide, Lyrica, Entocort EC, Maxalt, and atenolol and now, Celexa. Are there any known drug interactions? Can you give a 9-year-old Excedrin Migraine medicine?  What is the strongest over-the-counter headache/pain reliever medicine?  What is in the drug Toradol? What allergy medications are safe when I already take Norvasc for my blood pressure?  Is the drug tramadol a controlled substance?  I take amitriptyline for headaches, and now the doctor gave me Ambien for sleep. Can I take these medications together?  What over-the-counter drugs can I use for hemorrhoid relief?  Ive been taking generic Toprol XL 50 mg and Im excreting the medication still intact. Is something wrong? I have celiac sprue, and my doctor prescribed Bystolic to treat it. Does this medication contain wheat? Can medicines cause sun sensitivity? Do these meds come with a warning to stay out of the sun: oxybutynin, sertraline, Vytorin, Neurontin, and Suboxone? Is there a medication for high blood pressure that is not sun-sensitive?  Do some medications cause increased bruising? Is every pharmacy able to compound medications for my child? What drugs have a negative effect on the skin's ability to tan?  Is it true that you shouldn't take medicines with milk?  What does "half-life" mean for a drug?  What is the difference between prescription Protonix 40 mg and ranitidine 150 mg, an over-the-counter medicine? What does delayed release mean in the drug Nexium?  What are the warnings about Prilosec and other drugs like it?  Is there a coated naproxen medication to prevent stomach problems? Is there a drug interaction between Synthroid and Prevacid? Should I be concerned about getting a tattoo if Im taking any certain medications?  Can I add Prempro to the meds I already take: Cymbalta, hydrochlorothiazide, lisinopril and Nexium? Can medications pass from one person to another through mucous membranes, oral or skin contact, or sexual contact? What is the difference between generic and regular drugs?  Are there any drug interactions between Pristiq, levothyroxine, and acai berries?  Will going through an X-ray machine at the airport hurt my medications?  What medicines can cause your skin to turn blue? Can vitamins interfere with any prescription medications?  When will the medication for my overactive bladder begin working? Do doctors immediately prescribe medication to control blood sugar, or do they wait to see if diet and exercise help? What affects drug metabolization from dose to dose? Can long-term use of psych meds cause memory loss? If I must take psychiatric medications long term, will my medication regimen change when Im in my seventies or older? My 6 year old takes medication for ADHD but has some negative behaviors in the evening. Has the Ritalin worn off? I cant breastfeed because of medications Im taking. Is it safe to accept frozen breast milk from a family member? Despite three medications, my son has horrible allergy symptoms. Are allergy drops as effective as shots? I have had anxiety/depression for over 12 years. I've taken so many medicines. How can I find the right one for me? I've had panic attacks since 2005. No medicine has helped, and it's ruining my marriage and my life. What can I do? My husband has severe asthma attacks. He's getting worse, despite maximum doses of meds. What can we do? Should research spending on obesity drugs end? How long does it take for appetite supplements to leave the system? I need to start taking medicine for health reasons. I am extremely agoraphobic despite help from my psychologist, psychiatrist, and medication. Why else can I do? I feel completely alone, even when around others. I am seeing a psychiatrist, psychologist and take meds. What can I do? For eight years, I haven't been able to sustain an erection. Medication helped until three years ago. What can I do? For eight years, I haven't been able to sustain an erection. Medication helped until three years ago. What can I do? Why are septicemia and urinary tract infections so prevalent with Parkinson's? And do the meds cause hallucinations? Can potassium supplements interfere with Parkinson's medications? I'm a 29-year-old female with ADHD, depression and anxiety and can't find the right medication/treatment plan for me. Al As allergy shots take effect, can I reduce my allergy medications such as Zyrtec? What kinds of medicines do I need to stock at home? If my child is taking medications for ADHD, or steroids, are there vaccine interactions I need to be concerned about? I take methylphenidate for ADHD. Could this medication lead to a false positive result on a pre-employment drug test? Is it OK to take ADHD medication, like Adderall, with an SSRI, like Prozac or Lexapro? What does XR after a medication name mean?  My sons were prescribed Vyvanse 30mg, Risperdal 0.25mg, and clonidine 0.1mg. Are these medications safe to use together? My daughter takes Adderall, clonazapam and citalopram. Can this combination of meds cause emotional outbursts? Is it OK to mix the following meds: 60 mg Strattera, 60 mg Prozac, 40 mg lisinopril and 12.5 mg hydrochlorothiazide? Can I take a non-stimulant ADHD medication in addition to Vyvanse?  Is it safe to take over-the-counter cold medicine if you are taking high blood pressure and cholesterol medication? Is it OK to take a benzodiazepine after a dose of over-the-counter night-time cold medicine?  Is it safe to take over-the-counter cold medicine for multiple symptoms along with dextromethorphan for a severe cough? Can acetaminophen or ibuprofen be taken for a sore throat while taking seizure medication?  Are there any drug interactions I should be concerned with while I am taking Tessalon? Can you take two different over-the-counter cold medicines at the same time?  Can asthmatics use a medicated vaporizer for a cold?  What is the best medication to give someone who is running a low-grade fever? I take Zoloft. Is it safe to take an over-the-counter cold medicine?  Would over-the-counter cold medicines impact the effectiveness of birth control pills?  Can I use over-the-counter cold and flu medicines if I also take medication for a low thyroid?  Is an over-the-counter cold medicine safe to take while you are taking medicine for high blood pressure and low thyroid? Can you take acetaminophen or ibuprofen if you are taking a prescription cough medicine that has codeine in it?  Can a 14-year-old take Robitussin or any cold medicine when taking Lexapro?  Can you use cold medicines while taking birth control pills? What cold and flu medications can I safely take while breastfeeding? What does the "DM" in a cough medicine mean?  Can you treat whooping cough with over-the-counter medications? My son accidentally took my husband's Zestril blood pressure medicine. He is 12 years old. Should we go to the ER? What drugs or medications can interact with black licorice candy? My husband takes gabapentin, hydrocodone, venlafaxine, & hydroxyzine. What OTC meds can he take for congestion & cough? I have a heart murmur, and was told that pre-medication is no longer necessary before dental treatment. Is this true? My dentist drilled into a decaying tooth and filled it with some medication. What was that medication, and is it safe? My dentist drilled into a decaying tooth and filled it with some medication. What is this medication, and is it safe? Can bipolar medications cause tooth decay? My son is taking doxycycline for his acne and wants to use Clean & Clear Advantage. Is there any drug interaction? My father's legs are swollen from the knees down. He is taking cyclosporine. Is this a side effect of the drug? What OTC medicines are available for cold sores? Do I need to stay on cholesterol drugs forever? I didnt get shingles confirmed for two weeks. The doctor didn't give me a prescription. Would OTC medicines help?  What are the steps for weaning off diabetes medication? Benzoyl peroxide and salicylic acid arent working for my acne. What medication should I ask my dermatologist about? Can Coricidin HBP be taken with blood pressure medication?  Can an antihistamine allergy pill be taken with high blood pressure medication?  What does it mean when a prescription drug does not dissolve, but is found whole in the stool?  I take Allegra-D, sometimes use allergy eye drops and Rhinocort. Recently I added Sudafed. Is OK to combine these drugs? What is the problem with taking medications past their expiration date?  Can I take an antihistamine allergy medicine and a cold medicine together?  What over-the-counter medicine can you take for postnasal drip?  I take Lexapro antidepressant. Can I take an over-the-counter medicine for my allergies?  My 10-year-old weighs around 100 pounds. She has severe allergies. What allergy medications can she take? Are brand-name drugs superior in quality to their generic equivalents?  Can vitamins interfere with any prescription medicines?  Why do you take some medicines on an empty stomach and at the same time every day?  What is a thrombolytic medication? Where can I get a blank drug sheet to list my meds to take to the doctor with me?  I stopped taking bipolar medications a week-and-a-half ago. I want to start them again. Can I restart where I left off? If I tell the pharmacist all the medications I take, who shares that information in the system? Is it safe to give my child a prescription medicine if it is six months past the expiration date?  Can you administer oral medication rectally due to nausea?  What is the best OTC medicine for any skin infection?  Why are some medications, like Sudafed, kept behind the counter?  I recently had an anxiety attack. The doctor prescribed medicine to use when I feel one coming. When will they go away? Years ago, I had severe anxiety, depression and couldn't leave my house. Its back, and I need medicine. Is this normal? My endocrinologist gave me Testim 1% to help my libido. I read that women should not use this medication. Any advice? Should I be concerned about taking these four medications all together: Avapro, amlodipine, Coreg, and clonidine?  Are there any drug interactions between Vicodin, or other narcotic pain relievers, and heart-failure medications? My husband and I have been prescribed medications, but can't afford them. Where can we buy them for less online? I can't afford to purchase the medicines my doctor has prescribed. Can the makers of the medicines help me get them?  Is it safe to take the heart medicine, Toprol-XL with lisinopril for high blood pressure? Are there side effects? My husband takes diabetic medicines. He seems to be very fatigued and in pain all the time. What vitamins can he take? Are propranolol ER and propranolol HCL ER the same drug?  I am a 63-year-old male taking a low dose of atenolol. Can I take Viagra without worries of drug interactions? I take Zetia for my cholesterol. I've read that it doesn't work as well as Lipitor. Will my doctor switch my meds? My husband has low testosterone levels. Will OTC meds help?  I have some lorazepam from a few years back. How long can medicine be stored? Is there a generic drug for erectile dysfunction?  What class is the drug Zoloft in?  Can erectile dysfunction drugs, such as Viagra, Levitra, and Cialis, be used while taking blood pressure medications?  Is it safe for a man to handle his wife's fertility medicine?  Is there an OTC medicine for enlarged prostate treatment? My father can't afford anything expensive or to see a doctor. My 89-year-old mother takes Paxil. She also takes Namenda and pimozide. Is it safe to take these drugs together?  I take enalapril for blood pressure. Should I avoid taking Viagra or other drugs for erectile dysfunction?  Why should I not drink grapefruit juice while taking simvastatin or other statin drugs?  I just lost 30 pounds. Do I need new blood work to adjust my cholesterol/triglyceride medications?  Is there any OTC medication for water retention due to high blood pressure?  Can a statin drug cause higher blood sugar levels?  I accidentally took my hypertension medication (lisinopril) twice today. Is that a worry?  Im taking the antibiotic Bactrim and also take enalipril for high blood pressure. Will these two drugs interact?  What OTC pain medicines are safe to use with amlodipine besylate, taken for high blood pressure?  Can I take Zyrtec with my blood pressure medicine?  Is it safe to take trazodone with Exforge blood pressure medicine? Is there any drug interaction between aspirin and lisinopril/HCTZ? How is osteoarthritis treated? What medications can be used?  What drugs are used to treat high cholesterol?  What can I do if my ADHD medication is unavailable for refill? How can I avoid being ripped off when shopping for prescription drugs online? How can I save money on prescription medications? What are common side effects from medications used to treat headaches? Twice in the last 5 yrs my thyroid medication totally quit working. Why would this happen? My depression is unbearable. My 4 year old is on Abilify. We upped his dose a couple weeks ago and he started stuttering. Is this from the meds? what drugs affect lithium levels 3 days after 5 days of Flagyl Cipro treatment I am now suffering off and on loose stools for 8 days.When will it go away My wife currently takes Temazepam. Is there another generic drug that is equivalent to this medication? Sour odor between crotch the remains there, even after using canesten and other perscribed anti-fungal drugs, help! my wife has been lable by a dr as a drug seeker what can we do. i am on thyroixine 75mcg.sometimes I feel anxiety,joint and body pain extermely.within 4-5days symptoms reduces itself . If one has an episode of auditory and visual hallucinations will it necessarily happen again? What drugs (prescription and over the counter) can cause your eyes to dilate? Can anything else cause this? Waking up screaming in the mornings. My bf says I have a strong horny ordor that doesn't smell pleasant, what could this be could it be because I had a kid My son has recently developed droopy eyelids and occassional slurred speech. I am concerned. What may be the problem? Have you ever heard of using Magnesium for Fibromyalgia? Drug: "PROVENGE" (Sipuleucel-T),Is it Clinically effective? Are there adverse Effects and side effects? How long should one continue medications after Angioplasty? What are the Side Effects of prolonged use of certain drugs? Is OxyContin 30mg the same as Oxycodone 30 mg? I thought Oxycodone was the generic form of the drug. Is it? I was diagnosed with MRSA in mid Sept on my nose. Why does the healed spot still hurt and tingle/ich? do drugs prescribed for pain have any impacts on Dyslexia Is there a generic drug for Asmanex? Which two drugs does Azor replace for high blood pressure, losartan, nefidical XL, dyazide and bisoprolol ? Can the drug Nortriptyline cause your penis to decrease in size? Are there any Drug interactions between Amlodipine and Losartan? How can I convince the medical insurer to pay for newly on-the-market drugs (re cancer patient, stage 4)? pain pill addiction I have hallucinations of cuts on my arm and i can actually feel the physical pain of the cuts on my arm. what sedation medication is given during a heart catheterization What are the two most common sedations used during heart cath? Will omeprazole cause a positive THC result on a drug screen Is Bupropion the same as Budeprion Is marijuana a drug ?  My osteoporosis specialist told me that I could take either Reclast, Prolia, or Forteo. Which is safest? Can you take pills for yeast infection while on antidepressants? why shouldn't i drink grapefruit juice while taking the fentanyl transdermal system? i heard that if you use paper currency to snort drugs, that the money can poison you or make you very ill. Is this true? Found a blue oblong pill in my friends place. He has been dating a person that uses drugs I have end stage Osteoarthritis in my left hip and an amputated right leg. I need a replacement hip and advice please. My friend was diagnosed with mersa, she was told it was a blood disease. is this contagious how do you get it length of drugs in system Can MRSA be passed through needles in a drug user? migraine 1year few hour breaks Been treated most drugs and botox are there any clinics for me this has destroyed my life I made a mistake ate a christmas cookie that was made w marijuanaI never use the drughow long will it stay n system Is it possible to get vaginal infections from a person doing drugs i have a prescription for xanax for anxiety is it better to take as needed or on a daily basis? What can I expect after being diagnosed with osteoarthritis in the knee?  I had a cpk test run and the labs came back at 6487 what symptoms are present and what does this mean I took Next Choice One Dose, and have experienced quick bursts of heavy bleeding. Is this normal? What drugs are present in "Drug-eluting stents" ? Concern is being allergic to the drug(s)  Can prescription drugs be passed to another individual in seminal fluid? An attack of dizziness caused hubby to shut his eyes and bed rest for 24 hours to recover. how to pass ua shortly after drugs What progress are drug companies/researchers making toward a cure for genital herpes?  I am currently taking Lexapro and Wellbutrin. What recreational drugs are safe to use and which ones will be inhibited? Will Myrrh cause a false positive for a drug test? I have had a had a moderate headache , queasiness and diarrhea of and on for a month, and now I lack energy I have a SIL-is a meth user, had 2 clean drug urine tests through Casa. Can meth completely leave your body?  How to safely abort pregnancy? Is there another generic drug as pilocarpine that is not so expensive? Are there medical tests for people with depression to find out if the proper medications and the amount given are correc paternity issue,my blood goup is O n my wife is O too,while our daug is B ,n she isnist she didnt cheat.is it possible Does suboxone show up on an Icup urine drug test/ What hope is there for individuals who have been on antidepressants so long that they no longer get any benefit? How to gain weight back from unexpected weight loss, also having fatigue and nausea? does smoking meth prevent antibiotics from working Does Welchol increase the risk for Alzheimer's? how long due the affects zoloft to clear the bloodstream Are mother's drug tested when they give birth to a baby? If allergic to sulfa drugs is it safe to use albuterol sulfate? I had mitral valve repair heart surgery 2 months ago. Lately I have been blacking out severely after using drugs(addict) My doctors office sent my HIV rx to two different pharmacies. I would like to fill both, will my insurance pay for both? I am alergic to Diovan. My dr provided a prescription for Losartan. Are these drugs similar I was wondering who I would talk to or who I could call if I was looking for help for my mom. She is severly depressed. Will a drug screen tell the difference between xanax and klonopin? Couuld you use Zofran to get a buzz or if you were addicted to prescription drugs? 52 yr.old man w/ rotten/abcessed teeth ongoing pain/infection. Alergic to CILLIAN antiobo what drug kill the infection? If a father is taking drugs will the newborn have colicy or other problems? I know Viagra has been on the market for several years...when will a generic come out that will help lower the cost? I have been on Citalopram for 3 years for anxiety. It has been working up until a month ago. Is this normal? If a person snorted drugs does that go into their lungs Coumadin, exelon patch, metformin, klor-con,lasix, plavix,seroquel,levothyroxine taken daily.Dangerous drug interaction? wife says that putting 2 weeks of drugs into empty containers w/o tops causes the drugs to degrade. does it? signifance? Is there a drug to specifically treat secondary hypertension caused by sodium sensitivity? Is it common practice to send narcotic drug prescriptions through the mail to a patient a dr hasen't seen in months? How do I stop snorting Subutex? How to treat erectile dysfunction ? When I took Prozac and most other anti-depressive drugs, I had an extremely strong compulsion to masturbate.  I need to take a urine drug test at CPS to see my grandaughter will St. Johns wort show up on that test as a drug? Can taking statin drugs for high cholesterol cause low libido? How long will it take 1 mg of Alprazolam to get out of my system? Soes Atenolol help teens who have high anxiety at school because they stutter? I am type 2 diabetic but no other issues. Does diabetic drugs or the disease is reason for ED. what kind of drug can erase bad memories? I did one line of cocaine 4 days ago..I am active and drink lots of water.How long will this drug stay in my urine? can a cancer patient quit methadone after 3 days without harmful side effects?  What antiboitcs are ok to take, for severe cold/flu symptoms, if you are currently taking Methadone?  Is Hylands Calms forte herbal sleep aid safe during pregnancy? What are the side affects or complications can occur if I stop taking prempro. I have PCOS, hate birth control. Is there and overcounter drugs or natural remedys to get a period I am an avid runner but since starting 25 mg of HCTZ, my stamina and speed has dropped off greatly. Is this correlated? My husband is having trouble getting and keeping and erection.  with medicare drug coverage i have to pay the drug premium plus i have to pay 320.00 per month for my meds. What test are done in a physical? Do they do drug screens? I had 2 urine tests returned "negative dilute". I don't take ANY drugs and had not had alcohol for several days. ?? Is there possibility for me to make a full recovery after i quit from such a history of drug use? how long will it take? How can you have negative dilute urine drug test if you have no drugs in system or have not had alcohol 5-7 days? What do I due a drug reaction to amoxicillin What do I due a drug reaction to amoxicillin My doctor tried three antidepressants on me for anxiety. All give uncontrollable shaking for 2-3 hr before dose?  Is there an over the counter drug similar to Metformin? Does soma show up on a drug urinalysis  What kind of medications are connsidered Methamphetamines? can any drug or condition cause a false positive for THC? Can pregnancy prolong the time that THC stays in the body? I got tested for chlamydia last December (positive) and took 2000mg of zpack drug over 2 days. No sex since. Retest?  Will Polycystic Kidney Disease cause a drug test to test positive for Codeine? can herbal supplements cause false positive in urine drug screen will ultra eliminex detox which contains different roots such as dandelion etc UVA versi show up on urine drug screen i have insomnia have been prescribed zolpidem 10 mg but it only helps me sleep for 2-3 hrs then i am wide awake again is a right aortic arch with vascular ring dangerous in a child Darvocet was taken off the market. Is there a similar drug? I am allergic to Penicillin and Sulfa drugs and now Clindamycin. What antibiotic can I take? After 4 years of no sex and breast cancer treatment and a woman have a yeast infection and not know it? is there any type of drug/medication that contains pecans? What is the truth regarding statin drugs reducing cholesterol too much and adversly affecting brain function? is it true that marijuana leads to other drugs? is ibuprofen just a temporary relief? Meaning do symptoms come right back once the drug wears off? Tender nipples Is A2X for anxiety truly a safe and helpful alternative to pharmaceutical drugs? Has anyone experienced weight loss while on the drug Topamax? Could my girlfriend be infertile Been suffering from scalp folliculitis 8+ yrs and can't find anything that helps prescription or over the counter.  Is my vertigo related to zoloft withdrawal or an inner ear problem? will numbing eye drops show up as cocaine in a drug screen? Urinating, takes 5 to 7 minutes at night time is there a drug to strengthen the bladder muscle will zofran show up as meth on a drug test I recently had unprotected sex with an IV drug user, what should I expect my Dr. to do? what drug or medication would cause mood swings and amnesia up to 4 years? What are the side effects of gastritis drugs what drugs do i take to conceive of twins i was able to afford prevastatin without insurance now the price has sored. how can get this drug with out insurance?  does the drug atenolol cause anemia? can fentanyl be used for weight loss Can I self-diagnose PCOS? I have abnormal cells but can't afford recommended CT scan. Are there cheaper options? What drug would cause this?? My Lady has hypothyroidism and we don't always afford her medications.How/what can we do-without, without doing nothing? Will klonopin show up in a urine drug screening test? non-narcotic anixety medications do statin drugs deplete your body,s natual coq10  im having a trial study done for an intrathecal pain pump, im wondering since i cant tolerate morphine what other drug? what is the safe drug to treat hypertension on pregnant woman? Is clonidine the drug of choice? I have recently noticed hair thinning (24 year old male). i think its due to poor diet/sleep. How long til it grows back How long do various legal and illegal drugs stay in your system for drug testing purposes? Does diazepam withdrawal cause memory loss? can a drug allergy have symptoms after the meds are finished? will eating grapefruit lower my cholesterol What over the counter drugs interfere with drug tests? extreme low blood pressure after percocet following knee replacement. Reversal drug felt like heart attack. Explain can supplements help lower cholesterol , like red yeast rice? Or Niacin? How long has the drug "Enalapril" been around? I tried cocaine a week ago and I never used it. I am supposed to take a saliva drug test in 3 days. Will it detect it? can I stop lisinopril cold turkey What type of diet is best for someone under treatment of relapsed autoimmune hepatitis after a 20 year remission? What r some of medications/drugs r there out there to help enlarge the size of a man's penis? What are the side effects? Are liver function test recommended when taking cholesterol drugs?  drug allergy can you have sex taking azo drugs I terminated a pregnancy and I have to take a drug test for a job, will the pregnancy hormone show up on the test? what is the difference between dementia and alzheimer's? what causes cialis to give me heartburn Taking ticolorpidine a blood thinning drug cause erectile dysfunction What type of anti-inflamitory drug can be taken along with blood thinners? Ecotrin vs Fluoxetine Will heroin show up during fertility blood work? I'm having cycle day 3 blood work, prenatial pannel, and genetics. why is my anti-depressant/anxiety medication not working when I am on my period? how do my hormones affect the drug? What OTC drugs help with hip bursitis? again my dr. is sending me for blood work one test says V58.69 long term drug use . what is this test looking for ?? patient have ultrasound shows enlarge liver what are drug for him Can suppliments like Whey Protein Shakes enhance height in a 14 year old male who is 5' 1'' now? How can I drug test my 18 month old at home? Grandson has bopolar disorder and diabetic 1 patient. He smokes bud (cocaine? Marijuana?) and drinks excessively. Help Are there all natural stop smoking aids that really work? can anti thyroid drugs such as methimazole (that's what I am taking) keep me from becoming pregnant Can lipitor cause breast enlargement? whats the difference between norco and vicodin, when they're both named hydrocodone/acetaminophen? what is the main cause of not ejaculation. I decided to use a drug via needle, I know have a painful, red, swollen, hard abscess in that area. Is this serious?  Where do I find a drug counseling near Myakka City, FL 34251  Can Ibuprofen cause a false positive on urine test for opiates My dad just had kidney failure he is acting like he isnt all there mentally. Can he recover back to his normal self? What does heroin identify as in a drug scee?  is trigger finger side effects of statin drugs? i just tooka drugtest i peed 2times beforethen drank a gallon of waterthen peed clear i put 10mlof water in60 willi pass will a psychiatrist see me if i'm not taking any anti-depressant drugs? what makes a tongue turn yellow If you have afib, and you are already on warfarin, is it really necessary to take a drug such as, amiodarone? I am 34 have a very high libido and have experienced constant vaginal dryness for 4 years. Hormone test normal. Help? Symptoms stomach ache and elevated liver enzymes. Took indocin 3 x day for 6 days for migraines. Are these related? does the medicine albuterol give a positive result on urine drug test does gabapentin have an antidepressent in it? How long should I take Letrazole 25 mg since I now have high cholesterol 251mg does tramadol hcl have an expiration date was there some sort of drug in my drink? drug in drink or did i over do it? Paranoid and terrified of HIV - so I'm one of those super paranoid girls who thinks I can get HIV easily.  Can I get prescription drug insurance without getting medical insurance? Can drugs damage my teeth? My friend is 37 wks preg. and she used a drug (meth) 1 time. Is the baby going to have the drug in its system at birth? Can the sex be determined when taking a urine drug screening?  Need new solution for insomniac. What are the diseases what can cause multimodal hallucinations. I know of dementia, but what are the others ? I've been lactating for over 2 years and have never been pregnant. Since these two drugs are from the same family Ive been on Xolair for 7years. I can't get it anymore what is going to happen? Is klonipine safe to take first trimester of pregnancy? Currently taking 75mg of Paxil for anxiety. Noticing it is not working as well as before. What should I add to it? is taking drugs while your pregnant considered child abuse? I felt as if I was on drugs without being so treatment or drugs for patulous eustachian condtition Can methadone be used for severe back pain, or is it strictly used for people who have a drug problem? I have taken OxyContin for 2-3 years for chronic pain. Will I have difficulty coming off the medicine and need rehab? 