How many ear infections are too many? Do those ear thermometers really work? How do I know if my older digital thermometer is reading correctly? I have a bad head cold. What can I take to release my nasal drainage and clear my ears? Sudafed dries me out. I have keloid scars on my earlobes from pierced ears, can a laser fixed the raised area? I have a patch of dry, flaky, itchy skin on my cheek. It has spread to my ears, neck, and forehead. Is this psoriasis? Could my 1-year-old's ear infection cause a high fever (103F)? How can I keep earplugs on my 16-month-old in the swimming pool? She just got ear tubes. Is it okay to fly after having an ear infection that has cleared up, even if my hearing has not returned to normal?  My 2 year old has had an unpleasant odor in one ear and today I noticed dried blood on the outside. What could this be? How do I care for my daughter, whose ear and face are covered in poison oak? My 2 year old had his first ear infection less than a month ago. Our pediatrician says he needs tubes. Isn't that early? In college, I had severe ear pain, then couldn't hear. My doctor said my eardrums had moved out of place. Is that true? My daughter-in-law is three months pregnant and has sinus drainage and her ears hurt. What can she can do for relief? I'm treating my 2 year-old with amoxicillin for an ear infection. Can this cause a rash? What is causing my ear s to turn bright red? no pain associated with redness not related to hot flasses Diagnosed with pulmonary embolisms. Felt pressure in my ear. Pop and release of blood from ears. Is this normal? How do you know if shingles are affecting the eye. what is the best option when you have a tooth abcess and you have no insurace? And by that i mean home remidies what if antibiotics arent helping an ear infection nasal congestion, sinus pressure, headache or pain by right eye from pressure, and pressure buildup in right ear. swollen ear,loss if hearing,yesterday hurt when touched,tody gotten a lilttle better,still cant hear.scabe in ear too swelling that makes my jaw immobile and causes hearing loss  my ears are so stuffed i can barely hear what can i do so i can hear again What can cause small head bumps that are sore? I've had white noise (with corresponding hearing loss) in my left ear for 2 months. What causes it and can it be fixed  could having bad sinus/cold infection cause sensitivity in teeth and pressure behind jaw/ears. In a healthy adult, is the inner ear temperature different from the oral temperature? Fell over and cut head. Didn't get stiches but probably should have. Now have numbness, pain in head above cut. having pressure in forehead and ears, balance is sometimes off and feel dizzy and discombobulated Head rushes with lightheadedness, tunnel vision and a quivering feeling in left chest for 3-5 seconds. help? Is it dangerous to sleep with ear plugs in? i am having a severe migraine that wont go away and now i am having severe pain behind both ears in the bone can my neck pain be causing my earache Right ear is plugged. It was checked and there is on wax, no infection, was told it was probably allergies. Now what? when i swallow i sometimes get crackling in my ear......is this an ear infection or just wax please Red spots behind ears correspnding with sore throat My son will not let me clean out his ears and they look really dirty what should I do he is 2 1/2 almost 3 what is the safes way to clean your kids ears out with out them getting scared or freaking out I was diagnosed with an ear infection Sept 4th. I still have fluid "trickle" from my ears at night. Do I need to go back What happens if i leave my stitches in to long if i yawn the crackling in my ear is not so loud and sometimes goes, can i get this to clear up please. Why do I hear my heartbeat in my ears whenever I get even slightly stressed? What causes rumbling noise in both ears? Is it safe to use Olive Oil to get rid of ear wax and does it work? I have a ball / lump in my throat, just under ear and jaw bone, if i move it, or push on it, it hurts. What is this? I got a bumps or some hard lump on back of my ear,can any one say me what is that? At night, I sleep on my sides. When I lay on my right side for very long, my outer ear will fall asleep. What can i do. Can the tube that goes in your ear fall into the ear? If it can what should I do? How do I know when a head injury is bad enough to see a doctor? Ear aches and hard time hearing Do I have a sinus infection? My 5 yr old woke up with dried blood in her ear. She had an earache 2 days ago, I gave her ibuprofen. No ear pain since. My ear hurts and so does my teeth/jaw on the same side, do i go see a doctor first or a dentist? Can an ear infection cause my lymph nodes to swell and my throat to become red? mri showed bilateral mastoiditis but don't have mastoiditis, pressure and headaches 24/7. any other mastoid diseases? Inside of my left ear and palatine tonsil is very swollen and red! HELP! what kind of doctor should treat thyroid cancer? Growth inside ear with fluid draining from same ear, occured hours after a scratch inside ear, it's been 1 year since. 7 weeks after concussion still have nausea, blurry vision. I have been yawning a lot, and my face has been hot, ears red pain in hip and cause above inside ankle to ach and become numb I have a tingling sensation on the side of my face going toward my ear, and lasting up to a few minutes. What is this?  My 6mth old weighs only 12.8 lbs and has had diarrhea for 3 weeks what tests could be done to help determine the cause. My daughter has bronchitis, and is on antibiotics (for it and an ear infection) - is she contagious still? How long? my ears get red suddenly, is that a blood pressure issue?  how to drain fluid from my ears  Why is the cause of a chronic cough so hard to diagnose? The gums by my wisdom tooth are swollen and in pain. I'm dizzy and nauseous. What might be wrong, should I see a doctor? tiny holes in upper ear lobe that leak clear liquid bad ear infection dont know what to do help Water in ear extremely painful, causes disorientation and sever headaches. what is this hard ball in my earlobe? can you administer human antibiotics to dogs I'm pretty sure that my Lab has ear mites. can I give him human antibiotics,  How do you remove dried blood from your inner ear after it has swollen? what can i do if i had an excruciating facial pain going down from my right cheek all the way up to my ears? Can fainting be a symptom of pink eye? Our 6 yr old fainted and the pedi thinks it is due to pink eye/ear infection. When I move my jaw, I hear a deflating noise in my right ear Lump of fluid on my ear, do I have cauliflower ear? I started cutting my wrists a week ago. Is it the reason why I'm so sick? Type your question here.my husband is dizzy - ears have water in them and is blue in the face. Sleeping a good bit. Is ear stretching safe? Help me!! Can excessive ear wax buildup intensify tinnitis? how long does it take to develop an ear infection? Why do I hit myself in the head when angry (usually until I see stars or ears ring) and how can I stop? Why do i have a lump in the back of my neck that causes severe head pain and numbness on my left side? how many nose bleeds a day is too many? when should one seek medical attention for numerouse bleeds a day? Is it safe to mix sulfameth/trimethoprim with a z-pak? About a week ago I had a severe ear ache for one day, ear ache gone now and feels like fluid inside my ear?  Hello my mother 80 yrs old has a couple problems that maybe you could tell me something,about her ear and naval. What can a mom do to get their child with MRSA in ear better. His ENT is not doing much. Its been ongoing for 4 months.  What so you do when a ear is bleeding after using a Q-tip when you felt like something was inside, Night sweats/ looking flushed in face and neck/ hot and chilled throughout the day. Im an adult, have no pain in my ears, but had a severe headache for past 2 weeks then now my right ear is "stopped up" Is hearing loss and tinnitus after a T Tube normal? Night Sweats/ Feeling hot and cold  I have slight ear pain in my left ear with 2 swollen glands that are tender under my jaw should i be worried? I was recently diagnosed with an inner ear infection with a perforated ear drum and an aspergillus infection. Accidentally stabbed ear with q tip can I lose hearing from this? my right ear feels clogged and i can hear myself echo? suggestions please!!!!!!! What causes severe headaches daily that make you cry, pain behind the ear, and pain in the neck with stiffness?  Is an itchy ear a sign of my eardrum healing? can music cause your eardrum to rupture (which leads to bleeding from the ears)? Should I be concerned or do something else? At what temperature should I take my child to the emergency room? My son has bug bites on his shoulders, back and diaper area, there round, red and itchy?  I have popping in one ear every time I blow my nose. The first time it happened, it was painful. What is this? I am recovering from the flu and my ear pops every time I blow my nose. The first time was painful. What is this? I have a physical reaction to stressful situations, but lately that same reaction has been occuring for no reason. Why? I have a keloid on my ear on my cartilage, how do i get rid of it? the right side of my head hurt including jaw ear timple. i smile but the right side barely moves what could it be Im having pain in my chest, throat, neck and sometimes below my ears. It radiates from place to place. Any suggestions? GOT AN EARACHE WHEN WATER IN IT AND IT HAS BEEN 2 WEEKS SHE STILL HAS PAIN AND A LITTLE LOSS OF HEARING WHAT TO DO How young can a child be to perform an ear irrigation? why do I sweat so much without hot flashes.  Can ear infections be passed from one child to another through ear thermometers if they are not cleaned properly? Why am I hearing my heartbeat in my right ear? My ears popped on a plane ride a month ago. They continue to stay clogged.Serverity fluctuates and I don't have a cold. what would cause ear ringing, confusion and vertigo? I went to an ENT who put the thing used to look inside my ears too deeply inside them and they still hurt 3 days later. ever since i was a little boy i complained to my mom that cabbage  Is it ok to use heat (warm towel) on a ear ache? I was treated for Labyrinthitis about 4 months ago. however, I still have ringing in my ear and is worse when showering. i turned my head right slightly ,and felt a popping sound in my neck,and now i have constant head ache on my left side My 3 yr old has been diagnosed with shingles, he has never been exposed to chickenpox and has been vaccinated. Do you know of any headphones that reduce the overall volume without completely muffling the sound quality? why is my entire head hurting to were i cant touch it because of my wisdom teeth I got water in my ear and I have a ruptured ear drum will this effect the healing of my ear? 13mo old f/cronich cough lasting > 6months. Barium swallow ..clear. breathings tx of no help. No other symptoms! HELP!!! My ear really hurts from blowing my nose. Everything is aslo really loud. Is there anything I can do to help it?  What is this hard bump in my ear canal? pressure in my ear,and i cant hear out of it. what can this be? There is a product on the market to vacuum your ears to remove moisture, debris and wax. IS IT SAFE TO USE? facial muscle weakness in the right side. What may cause these symptoms? Why is my 4 yr old afraid of all loud noises? Besides tender swollen lymph node in neck, also have lump in front of ear. Presently on clyndamycin. Possible causes? I had water in my ear. I put a q-tip in to absorb it. Not far in but it had a tiny bit of red blood on it when removed.  I have many symptoms to hypothyroidism. Is it possible that I can fall in normal ranges but still have the disease?  I have a burning sensation in my face, neck, and ears that comes and goes. What could be causing this? Pimple in ear i messed with now my lymph node in my neck below that ear is swollen and hurt what should i do How to prevent ear infections in toddlers? Adult on amoxicillian for ear infection, how long till the ear pops and hearing returns completly?  My 3 year old daughter has bleeding from her ears for 3 days what caused this? Saw a doc. in Italy stills bleeding. i have a severe headache almosts every day that is located on the back of my head behind rightside ear.thers also a knot What do you do if you've already been taking oral antibiotics and the drops for the ears and its not getting better?  My 14 yr old has a large lump behind her right ear. Painful. I believe it is a lymph node. What are possibilities? I was wondering if gauges (ear stretching) can close to normal ear piercing size or close? Scratched my ear opening with a fingernail a few days ago, now it's really painful. Infection? I suddenly have a constant buzzing noise in my left ear? Would/could a stye cause pain in the ear, jaw and head? Is it common to have one ear infected yet have pain in the opposite ear? How long does it take for a Methylprednisolone injection to take effect? I got it 30 hours ago for an ear infection. On antibiotics for over 24hrs. Fever wont go below 100. ER trip? My 5 year old daughter has a swollen tonsil and gland, shes had this 5weeks now, the tonsil has small white dots on it. My left ear feels clogged,Been given steriods for 5 days and antibiotics Tilt head down unclogs until raising up.  is shingles a single blister or a rash?  WHY IS OLD EAR PIERCEING BLEEDING ALOT AFTER PUSHING IT IN THREW BACK  My ear feels like i'm underwater, what should i do? Should I go to the doctors I hit my head yesterday and today Where can I find out severe Odontogenic Infection Sinustis resulting in the destruction of the roof of mouth and sinuses Left tonsil swollen and pain behind left ear how to get fluid behind the eardrum to drain My 5 year old was bitten by tick behind the ear and now her lympnoyd is swollen. Should I worry? No fever and no pain  Sounds like one ear is pluged, but there is no hearing loss. no pain. what is going on? How do I know if my ruptured eardrum is healing or healed? My hearing is fully normal and I have minimal tinitus. I had a sharp pain in side/back of my head at base of skull-2 inches behind ear. It feels bruised now. Stress headache? Could water in the ears be responsible for 3 yr olds not talking and covering ears? My left ear clogged up and developed a humming sound a few days later. Right ear is slightly clogged, What is wrong? My husband ears are turning purple when he laids down. what can cause this ? can tobradex opthalmic solution be used in ears? What is wrong with me? sinusitis - I have had chronic sinus pain in my face and ears daily for 4 years - what else can I do? Can't hear out of my left ear. Some pressure is there. Ringing and some dizziness as well. Ringing and Fullness (Pressure) in Ears after shooting? i have constanct ringing in my ears, doctors cannot find anything wrong even with MRI's. Any suggestions? I had vertigo and now I am only left with the ringing in my ear and I can't hear at all from that ear. What should I do? i have a sinus infection and ear infection. Chronic ear pain, sore throat, and a larynx lump all on the left side of body. Thoughts, anyone? Did I damage my hearing? I have not had ear wax for several years, yet I have constant sinus problems and pressure in my ears, what should I do? Can a tooth cavity cause ear infections? What could possibly be wrong if I am having migraines, followed by visual disturbance as well as constant ear pain? hurt my left ear and have no moeny for doc vist what can i do to hlep it heal up I have what could be a stye inside my lower left eyelid. Now I have pain/swelling near my ear (L) on my face. go to dr? I get a sharp pain in my right ear everytime I yawn, cough, drink or talk, this has been going on for about a week. I get a sharp pain in my right ear everytime I yawn, cough, drink or talk, this has been going on for about a week. Both my ears are blocked but I don't have a cold or chest congestion.  4-5 enlarged lymphnodes in different parts of body 2 cm's or larger (one over an inch) for 2 years. Whats wrong? Is it normal to feel ear drops drain to your eye?  I think a bug crawled or flew into my ear last night, what should i do? bilateral ear pressure, no affect on hearing or balance, some tinnitus Can an ear infection be caused by a pimple?  what is the lump on the left side of my head behind my ear? it feels like it is full of cartilage. My right ear tonight has gone completly mute. I cannot hear out of it. No pain and no leakage I put an ear drop antibiotic in the wrong ear last night. What should I do? Should I continue the dose on the wrong ear? Otitis externa on my RIGHT ear and was prescribed neomycin-polymixin eardrop. Both of my ears itches after using eardrop pain in the left eye socket and left side of face indluding ear. You can see the left eye is becoming blood red  Can amoxicillin treat pink eye? what would cause a fluttering sound in my ear? I have had 2 episodes of sudden hearing loss in my right ear with loss of balance leaning to the right and nausea? Can wisdom teeth cause pain in your ear? I've been having pain deep in my right ear for about a week now.  Can my abscess tooth be causing my ear aches Cnstnt ringing in ears also hear a light tss...tss....tss.noise w/ feeling of tipsy every pm esp. with head/eye movmnt. What causes veins protruding on the forehead? I start having head pressures that last about 2-4min. I am 39, had breast cancer last year. My periods never came back. is it a sign of sinus problems if im hearing my heart beat in my left ear 4-5 enlarged lymphnodes in different parts of body 2 cm's or larger (one over an inch) for 2 years. Whats wrong? Kenalog injetions DURING facelift to preemt scaring. Won't hold stitchs. Mucas in throat when swallowing Why is there a sharp pain in my left ear when I try to pop my ears? Can I use penicillin for ear infections? my son's body is red all over especially the face, ears, and chest, hot to the touch, headache, and says he is dizzy I have a perforated eardrum with dulled hearing. Should I keep my ears un-popped? Why do I have chronic "swimmer's ear" without going swimming? ear infection 2 year old son has a enlarged painless lymphnode on his left side of the neck and 3 on the head near the ear from 3mont 10 mth grandson has dry rash by left ear it has spread on his face/forehead and ear is weeping, red, sore. Thoughts? Ear canal itch and red for a month, allergic reaction of Neomycin-polymyxin drops continuation? I have a pink and watery fluid draining from one ear , and its excessive . What and Where is the leading ENT institution? have painful knots around my ears and in the back of my neck running a fever what are they my left ear is stopped up and my right ear is making popping like fluttering sounds what can it be? my left ear is stopped up and i have a popping like fluttering sound in my right ear? Cleaning ear with qtip and now I am bleeding What is a fungal ear infection? ho you treat otitis media with effusion and vertigo? Severe pain in left ear I get a constant ringing in my ears at night mainly? How severe is his concussion? I'm having terrible ear and neck pain, chest pains, and I have a lump in my left breast. What could this mean?  Pain in my jaw What do it means when a dog like to lick your nose and ears? Is this a sign of some kind of health problem? Left neck hurts (down from ear) Pins/Needles, numbness on left side. Tired all the time. Lack of concentration after I do work in high heat, I get painful throbbing in my inner ears and inner head, also SEVER headaches!!! What are the risks of using carbamide peroxide drops on a perforated eardrum? 58 yr man had fatigue, pain in legs and ringing in ears. heart valve replace. did great. still haviing the pain.no help is it safe to put Hydrogen perioxide in your ears? is it possible to get thrush in ear Does ringing in the ear cause the face to droop on one side? My ears sometimes both or one or the other turn bright red and feel hot inside and out, what does this mean, what to do? Constant fatigue and low energy with numb head, crackling ear and sore muscles. Well for a week, sick for a week? ear pain after irrigating wax 18 years old, crying for no reason I'm sick my son has swollen lymph glands by his ears and down his neck  Is Vaseline safe for toddlers itchy ears? It sooths the itch when applied. I've had tinnitus for 12 years in my left ear. Suddenly, I have tinnitus in my right ear, and my left ear is fine. How? 5 months after bilateral grommets, still in agony! Tinnitus added sounds will a pimple show up in an mri my ear strated bleeding today what can i do What causes swelling of the tongue..as well as bumps and dryness under the tongue? can a toothache cause your ear to hurt My 1 Year old has a wet cough, runny nose, and rash behind the ear and on his cheek. The rash is new. What is this? My ears stay infected all the time they swell and hurt really bad and the ear drops don't help so what will help  my heart pounds at night, my ears burn and head pressure all the time and i feel dizzy most the time, had for 5 weeks how long can I give a baby asprin to my dog for a fever Does Ibuprofen weaken the immune system in children if it is over used as babies, what would be considered overuse? I just had a ton of blood come out of my eye when I blew my nose. How long should Mastoiditis cause pain in adults after being treated? should I be concerned about heart beat in ear My 4yr old daughter has red blisters arnd mouth,neck,ears,hands, chest and feet.Is it hand mouth and foot disease? Losing voice and ear hurt after flu? Why are ears still infected years after removing piercings? Is Valium ok for a very hyper dog that has bad earmits, and needs to be cleaned..He is a 100lb black lab Put on Keflex 5 days ago for an ear infection. still running a low grade fever and having ear pain. Is this normal? How long do ear tubes stay in? How long do ear tubes stay in? I can't hear much out of my left ear after going to deep with q-tip, doesn't hurt though. Any suggestions to hear again I have had an ear ache for over 24 hours. I actually cried myself to sleep last night from the sharp pain. Please help? I have had chronic right ear pain for six months. Some days it is so painful I can't open mouth to eat.  Tinnitus - how likely temp vs permanent? Had ear wax removal 10 days ago, then got a cold virus. Tinnitus for over 1 wk why do my ears always feel like to they need to pop What's wrong with my ear? Very concerned, would just really love some direction. can high blood pressure cause ringing in the ears are diabetic prone to ear infections My blood pressure goes up high when moving around and I feel dizzy. Also, I lose hearing in my ears temporarily..  Is my vertigo related to zoloft withdrawal or an inner ear problem? Can you live without your ears? I have yeast fungus in my skin, scalp, mouth, ears, nails. What is the medicine to help? Can an infant have ear tube surgery if they have RSV? Ears clogged for weeks. Draning w/peroxide doesnt work. Are ear candles safe? Procedure in dr office is too painful. Ear cleaning gone wrong. Doc pushed wax on ear drum. Now in severe pain (9/10 on scale). What can I do? Please advise. Clogged ear from a cold. Have tried decongestants to no avail. Any suggestions? Is it ok to fly like this? I walked into a low hanging wall and bumped my head and now have some internal bleeding coming from the inside of my ear cloudy head with plugged ears I have otisis media (spelling?) Anyway i got meds and took them, now i have head preasure. Is this normal? what might you have when your symptoms are lack of energy, shortness of breath and head conjestion (with stuff noise).  How long is hospital stay for transmastoid labyrinthectomy my dog barked (2ft away) loudly, and my closest ear suffered immediate and continuous ringing with actual pain; why? What should I do if I have more than one ear infection a month? why would a kid start getting ear infections at age 7? I have been dizzy for 2 years. I have had my heart,lungs and ears tested by specialists, everything okay. My ear doctor says that hearing tests are only valid for 6 months because of a federal law. Is this true? What to do for clogged ears?  I was diagnosed with a ear infection on Saturday and I was given course of antibiotics but i am due to go skiing on fri I am having a clicking noise in my left ear when applying pressure and it does not occur when I move my jaw. Ear infection with leakage and fever white crusty flakes in your ear Why do I hear a hissing type noise in my ears? The doctor said Im not losing my hearing.they gave me amoxicillin . Im 14 found a lump behind my ear thats quite painfull when i touch it. Its not a pimple. what can it be? Can your wisdom teeth cause your ears to hurt Why could my inner ear (like where the ear buds sit) be a little bit swollen. The inside of my ears flake, and itch, and are scaley. Just inside a little ways, not deep inside. I have had a very faint constant ringing in my left ear all day. Could I be losing my hearing in my left ear? My 11 year old son is having horrible ear pain, but the doctor said it's not infected, what could be wrong?  what is the symptoms of throat cancer? can dental abscesses cause an ear infection can i take a vitamin for ringing in the ear my husband 31years old (230lbs) , who under penalty of death will not see a doctor has had blackout/ fainting spells  what are the causes of lack of balance can hearing my pulse beat in my left ear be tintinitis are ear plugs safe? can i use famvir for ear infections? I have a re-occuring ear infection problem, probably swimmers ear, and need to treat it between 6 monthly and 2 yearly recently I feel a pulse in the right side of my neck that goes up into my ear I had a vng test and now my ears are ringing from the test, can that happen I Have Severe Shooting Pain Behind My Right Ear Is it normal for bleeding to occur with bilateral acute otitis media? I have ear, jaw and tooth pain, along with swollen gland. Who should I see? Why are my autistic son ears red Will hydrogen peroxide hurt inner ear? why is my amout and throat still sore after thrush? Got bitten on my left ear and now mt left side of the face is paralyzed and my right eye twiches, what bit me?  WILL COFFEE DROPPED INTO EARS STOP RINGING in the ears SINCE COFFEE HAS MEDINCIMAL ATTRIBUTES?  In Feb'13 a grommet was inserted in my left ear due to middle ear infection. It's still not fallen out. Please advise. is vertigo related to ear pain? What are the differences between contact dermatitis and eczema? I checked my blood pressure today and it was 135/93. Is that bad? How does a person get cold sores in their ear? How serious is this? Can I use over the counter creams? Hi i am experiencing severe head pressure and ringing of the ears. I had my ears checked but they were normal. does osteoarthritis cause cartilidge in your nose to disappear or become less Why would an mri of your brain be painful and why would you have a hard time standing and walking after the mri? EAR INFECTION? I had 5 red bumps in my pubic area and doctor said it was folliculitis. 2 months later my face is very hot daily. my son blew his nose and heard a loud pop, lost his vision for a minute and got dizzy, now has ear pain what could it be 6 yr old is getting her adult teeth and has had continuous fevers for a month is that normal The earwax in my husband's ears is brown and he has ringing in his ears. Will over the counter medication help this?? Behind my ear where the jaw bone is at, is constantly itchy on both sides of my neck.  Finished antibiotics for an ear infection- but I still feel ear pressure and warm fluid at times. Is this normal? I think I have thursh,have sore neck,ears,throat,and tired I found ALOT of mold in basement ALOT could this be the reaso My son was almost fainted when blood was drawn from him for tests.  my 12 year old son has a ruptered ear from an ear infection will it heal or require surgery My 9 year old son has recently developed car sickness and now gets dizzy when his head is below his knees.  how often to clean my cat ear Can an inner ear problem cause severe car sickness? My female senior cat has kidney disease; is it possible for me, a human, to donate part of my kidney to her, an animal? Always have tight neck, been having headaches, sometimes they make me sick, can someone tell me what this is? Can office work cause your head to hurt more with heat exhaustion? does it hurt when ear tubes fall out Tonsil infection, Jaw pain, sore throat,slight ear infection, headaches, stiff neck lead to something serious? I have a rubber earphone protector material in my ear, is there any medicine that will disintegrate the material? Givin imodium 4 getting diarrhea for a month(from clindamycin)? Worried is might be c-diff. Should i get 2nd opinion? I cannot fully open my mouth. When I do, I hear a clicking noise and immediately get a severe sharp pain in me ear. I cannot fully open my mouth. When I do, I hear a clicking noise and immediatley get a severe sharp pain in my ear. what should breast feeding mother take for sinus and ear congestion I am extremely sensitive to some sounds.  I have had fluid in my ear for a year and a half? My boyfriend is having serious ear pain what can I do for him to relieve the pain?  ear infection An ENT specialist told me that one of the Crystals in my right ear is out of place? What are they? How does it happen? Should I worry that when I put ear drops or baby oil in my son's right ear that it comes out the corners of his eyes? small sore lump near temple I have an ear infection and am having trouble keeping the drops in my ear. They drip out when i sit up is ear piercing elective surgery Ear pain and stuffy nose My ear is clogged and is ringing. Had ear checked, no redness or sign of infection. What can be causing this? Can a person with labyrinthitis wear hearing aids? Frequent Ear Aches? Put eardrops in ear after having the flu (ear felt muffled) after putting my ear drops in, my hearing has became worse? What does it mean when my ears pop out of place? Can cankor sores result in ear pain? can any type of small bugs get into your ear It hurts to swallow on one side, pressure in the ear, same side. Possable sinus infection?  can ear plugs cause ear infections? why do my ears ring? I've had a cold for about a week and a half and its not going away? I think its a cold anyway. Why is my 19 year old fainting when he runs? Why do my ears ring 24/7? on and off spotting all month How do I treat scabs in my ears. my son is 44.25in. hehas two older broters who were much taller is there a posibilty of dwarfism? my skin is getting darker in the area between my eyes, ears and temples on both sides of my face. anyone knows why? precautions for bronchitis and stuffy ear on air travel? What does pharyngitis mean? a q tip went too far into my ear. finally stopped bleeding.my ear feels clogged and i cannot hear. What should I do Pain and popping in ear months after a mastoidectomy. I was punched in the ear and left ear lost hearing, ive just put my head under water and there was a pop and so painful told to use tea tree oil to clean out ear wax, was not told to dilute it, now it feels clogged. Did I damage my hearing? Dry blood in ear after cleaning it I've got a really bad earache as well as a very  Can erythromycin opthamolic ointment be taken with Cipro oral Tablets? can stress and anxiety cause vertigo Lymph nodes behind right ear swollen for 5 days, can feel both nodes distinctly, 1 big 1 small. What should I do? Having ringworms for a year now, appears near sweatin region ear,groin and butox region. Used onabet,fourderm,candid b I have a crackling/crunchy sound in my ear that comes and goes When I wake up, my ear is often swollen shut and wet. I have no pain and feel better after moving around for 10 minutes. which medication regimine is used for ear ache?  