What are ejaculation disorders? What is retrograde ejaculation, and how is it treated? Should I worry if I am producing less ejaculate? Can you help me understand why my boyfriend is not able to ejaculate? How can I prevent premature ejaculation?  What is female ejaculation or squirting? Could my daily masturbatoin be contributing to my premature ejaculation? What is premature ejaculation? male fertility Following ejaculation how many days does it take sperm to reach the egg? Pregnant? Unprotected sex a week before period. Period came on time and heavy with bad cramps as usual. Reg 28 day 4 yrs Dry insertion and little burning after ejactulation. Swelling, redness and burning sensation under head of penis. Why?  Is it possible to get pregnant if the boy ejaculates, touches some semen, wipes it off, and then fingers me after? Whenever my husband ejaculates (w/o a condom), I have an excruciatingly painful burning sensation in my vagina. Why? My semen ejaculated is very small. Is that a problem? Husband and i had unprotected sex twice and twice he ejaculated, next day i get my period. Can i still get pregnant? does wellbutrin show up in male seamon I've got to pee very badly, yet nothing at all comes out. I think maybe my urethra is swollen on the inside? (male) Male 47, I had UTI last month, Treated well. I have lost sensation in groin/penis. erection/ejuculate normal. PL advise. how can i ejaculate more? Can a women get pregnant from Precum (Pre ejaculation) and if she doesnt have an orgasim? he did not wear protection, he also did not penetrate nor did he ejaculate. Igot my period the next day 2 since then my husband has painful pressure when he ejaculates, what can cause this and why? could i be pregnant? How long after your period do u ovulate being off birth control for 2 months.trying to get pregnant.been on pill for 6mo After ejaculation can the sperm slide back down out of the vagina or is it normal for sex to be messy? If a man's testicles are uneven can there be something wrong? Can you get pregnant from genital rubbing without ejaculation? is a home pregnancy test accurate 5 days after you missed your period? Why can't I ejaculate? I have querry about Erectile Dysfunction and Pre-mature Ejaculation? Does masturbation and ejaculation stunts growth ? What nutrients do you lose when ejaculating or masterbating. Do you lose testerone ?. Is it true that when you ejaculate, you lose zinc, selenium, Vitamine D, or testerone ? Person A has some sperm on his hands, hands get in mouth, then asks to eat me out. Could I get pregnanat? When Viagra and other ED treatments fail what can help with premature ejaculation? Penile Sensitivity Problems. (under sensitive) Help!!! Is it safe to use Vigormax supplement for premature ejaculation and vitality in sex? chronic masterbation..8x in 2 days ejaculating 8x how long after ejaculation does it take to become erect? sexual health? how can I increase my semen (due to much masturbation)  If I stop masturbating will it cure delayed ejaculation? I had unprotected sex with my girlfriend... (Read description) On Birth Control Pills and used a condom but it came off could there be a chance I could be pregnate? I Think My Urethra Ripped Open (Male) When it comes to sexual activity I have no probelms ejaculating except when she is preforming oral sex why is this? Do ejaculating 4x a week bad for health or any risks? what does it mean for a male to have very watery ejaculation Shap abdominal pain in upper left side of a male??? planning to have a baby,should i have sex "everyday" on my wife's fertile days? my semen vol drops below 2mL if everyday Could My Girlfriend Be Pregnant? Precum in second time. Can I get pregnant if the sprem drops on my vagina without penetration but ejaculation accurs out of vagina? Is there any cure for premature ejaculation? I am 28 male and ejaculate within 2 mins. I am not at all satisfied. For years I have have had delayed ejaculation, no sexual hangups, but now find that I am becoming less interested in sex I allowed a girl to give me unprotected oral sex; I never ejaculated and her lips and teeth seem ok. What are my risk? Inguinal Hernia Surgery recovery: Ejaculation 5 days after: experienced sharp pains and testicle is now swallen, help? 18 year old guy, uncircumcised, virgin. My problem is that my penis gets swollen when I masturbate, well the outer skin. I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend a day before my period started he did not ejaculate in me can i get pregnant? am i pregnant? MY CYCLE CAME 4 DAYS EARLY, ITS LIGHT AND THE SAME DAY ITS ACTING LIKE ITS GOING AWAY, AM I PREGNANT I want to know if there a chance you can get pregnant if you have sex the day after your period stops? i have a first time sex experience,23 aged boy using a condom, but i just ejaculated even bofore inserting into her,WHY? When I ejaculate no semen passes from my penis.  i have the mirena IUD and recently i had unprotcect sex, could i be pregnant? Swollen, Itchy Foreskin... need help! Does testicle size affect amount of ejaculate? Can a girl get pregnant from a lap dance with a guy who fully ejaculated under boxers and pants and she has a thong on? CAN I GET PREGNANT IF MY BF EJACULATED INSIDE MY ANUS ON THE 4TH DAY AFTER MY MENSTRUATION? Strong erection while sleeping but weak when I want it. Masturbating produces weak erction too. Flacid ejaculation. Am 52 yr healthy male. had good sex life. since 6 months it is flacid, difficult to insert.  Why am I having trouble reaching orgasm? Irregular period,last month it came one week early.Period is 6days late, I had sex 3 days before period, no craps preg? I am a man in my seventies. When I ejaculate my sperm no longer shoots out. It seeps out over five minutes. Why? not able to ejaculate while having sex I am a 55 yr old male and i am unable to ejaculate when wife and i have relations, i also have to take a type of viagra I am a 55 yr old male ,when me and wife have relations i am unable to ejaculate,i also have take ED med i am worried Can a late period and vaginal mucus be a sign of pregnancy? Can masturbation/ejaculation cause prostate cancer in teens? i have prmajor ejacultion for when i am yong now i marrid berfor 1 year ,now i also prmatur ejacultion, is there some  do sperm enhancment pills realy work is precum more potent than regular ejaculation is it unhealthy if a womens husband ejaculates inside her every time after sex? LESS EJACULATION DURING MASTURBATION. IS IT I HAVE LESS SPERM PRODUCTION? I can ejaculate multiple times but my first ejaculation is within 2-3 minutes, how do i delay this? Late period and plan b can masturbation inhibit ejackulation in a vagina? Is it ok to let my boyfriend ejaculate inside me if I am on the birth control pill and have been for a year? my boyfriends penis hurts when he has an erection and while it goes down.its raw at the tip and very sore Is it plausible that a man doesn't know when he ejaculates during sexual contact? If so, why? Can i be pregnant by fingering on last day of my period and he had pre ejaculatory fluid on his finger? 22 years old and suddenly have less powerful ejaculations producing less ejaculate too can a girl get pregnant without having sex? Tip of the penis is itchy, pain during urination and it feels as if it is leaking but no pus. Can a woman get pregnant from ejaculation on back that may have dripped near her vagina? Is there a solution for the inability to maintain an erection and delayed ejaculation? Could a female get genital herpes from an asymptomatic male who always wore a condom? How early before ejaculation can pre-ejaculate or pre-cum happen? I had unprotected sex the day I was supposed to start my period, now I'm 4 days late. Could I be pregnant? can i be pregant if i had a period days after being in contact w/ejaculation but no intercourse. I took Bactrim for a UTI while on my period; I am on low lowstrine. Does Bactrim affect birth control? Can I get pregnant after anal sex if my bf ejaculated in my anus Can I get pregnant after unprotected anal sex during my ovulation period ? My bf ejaculated inside my anus I m worried When I ejaculate, I feel myself cumming, but only a few yellow colored drops of cum actually come out. What could it be? Can a virgin girl get pregnant without penetration? what is considered a "normal" amount of time to engage in sexual intercourse before ejaculation?  how likely is it to get pregnant from getting fingered from pre ejaculative fluid?  Can rubbing genitals naked get me pregnant? No ejaculation. It's been 2wks; boobs got bigger+weight. Paranoid or preg? how do i do a sperm count without ejaculation What are ways to achieve multiple sexual orgasms in a 24 hour period for men? During sex felt like I had a ejaculation but nothing came out 36 year old Is it possible to get pregnant without pre ejaculation or ejaculation on a irregular menstrual cycle? If I ejaculated earlier in the day and then peed twice is there any semen in the precum?  i had unprotected oral and protected anal sex (recieving) with a she male she idnt ejaculate. im so worried about hiv.. What are my risks of getting HIV or stds? Is it possible to become pregnant if he doesn't ejaculate inside of you? Will I get pregnant ? Does making period comes faster helps to prevent a pregnancy from occuring? my boyfriend will not ejaculate at all. is there a blockage or tumor down there? How much risk is there for sucking a man's penis (not knowing his sexual history) with respect to AIDS/HIV? When I took Prozac and most other anti-depressive drugs, I had an extremely strong compulsion to masturbate.  Can a woman become pregnant a couple days after her period? Can sperm travel through 4 layers of clothing? Are there any harmful affects to not ejaculating for over a year? HOW MANY TIMES SHOULD A 71 YEAR OLD MAN EJACULATE PER MONTH TO REMAIN HEALTHY? I am gay and had unprotected sex with my partner. Can HPV be transmitted if I pre-ejaculate (pre-cum) ? Do women get erections just like a man's? Do women get erections just like a man's?  Can pregnancy occur despite oral contraceptive and ejaculation happening outside? HIV or STD thru hand to fluid contact? i touched a girls panties and was feeling them. She had just ejaculated in them. I'm a 23 year old female virgin, never had a boyfriend yet and since I'm catholic I'm wondering if it is wrong to.... I had sex (no condom, no pill) Aug 7th (three times, and he ejaculated inside all three times) and then once on the 8th. vagina I was fooling around with my girlfriend and I end up ejaculation on(outside) her vagina. Will this get her pregnant ? It's been a week since I had sexso I wanted to know if I might be pregnant ? Why do I experience severe pain in my anal area after ejaculation Is More Masturbating Effects On Sex Life Like decrease In Penis Size,Sprem count down,Thin Sized Penis, Early Ejaculatn? Food remedy for early ejaculation? what can be done for inhibited ejaculation? Can a female ejaculate a white sticky substance similar to semen? brown vag discharge after hysterectomy, and post mennopausal If I am passed out, is it possible for me to get an erection? And is it possible for me to ejaculate while passed out? Broken condom during placebo week, no ejaculation, still got my period. Chance of pregnancy?  I had protected sex, the condom didn't break, and he didn't ejaculate. my boyfriend ejaculated inside my vagina but im not pregnant is something wrong? delayed period, bloated, gas, what's wrong? I'm a 51 year old male, why is my ejaculate suddenly brown Can I get pregnant the last day of my period I'm on the 3rd pack Sprintec birth control and take it every morning at the same time. Can preejaculate get me pregnant? chunks in urine, e.d. issue, pain in genitals, and yellow ejaculate Is it possible to get pregnant with the possibility of pre-ejaculation dripping in and then oral sex on her right after? my partner seams to be masturbating (breathing, thrusting) but he isnt touching himself, in his sleep plz read add info Can my girlfriend be pregnant? Will my girlfriend be pregnant? whats my chances of being pregnant if i used a condom and no ejaculation. i'm very paranoid. Effectiveness of Birth Control? Effectiveness of Birth Control Can women benefit health-wise or nutritionally if they swallow male ejaculate? I've seen "yes" in other sites. Wondering what causes a mans ejaculation to go further with some orgasms rather than others? If I ejaculate in a girls mouth and she swallows it can her spit cause pregnancy if she spits on her vagina afterwards? My husband does NOT have any problems getting AND keeping an erection but he does not ejaculate that often. Why is this? My husband and I are trying to get pregnant, but during sex I get very wet could the seman leek out? can testicular cancer cause the inability to achieve or maintain an erction? Can tight underwear affect ejaculation?  If the condom falls off outside of the vagina as he was pulling out the final time can I still get pregnant?  I need a real doctor's advice, will she be pregnant? when you have bph and you ejaculate and the sperm dont come out where does it go Why do my testicles insert into my body when I ejaculate? I'm ejaculating but not feeling an orgasm. I recently stopped use of an SSRI. Now it's hard to control an orgasm. Why? Possibility of me being pregnant from pre cum Hi, I am 18 years old and a virgin, when I masturbate sometimes urine gets inside my vagina. Is this dangerous? Had sex 2 months ago, didn't cum and got my period last month.but my period didnt come this month. could I be pregnant? Is transmission of HSV-2 possible through ejaculating in the mouth or eyes? girlfriend missed a birth control pill 5 days before we had sex, pregnant? I've been regretfully a porn addict. From grade school till now. I'm 22. I have a burning sensation after ejaculation.  how effective is birth control if one pill is missed? i had unprotected sex 2 days before i was to start my period My bf did ejaculate in me 6 days late now can i be pregnant how long can ejaculate last inside the mouth. is it a matter of hours or days? Is there something that i can read. can a little bit of sperm get you pregnant? I had sex on first week JAN, did not ejaculate inside of her, cpl days later she got her period like normal? Could i be Pregnant? does spermicidal condoms highers my chances of preventing pregnancy if something leaked during anal sex? percentage? ive noticed problems im male and 17 last week couldent get hard and now i can cum but its really little ammounts why  Can you get gential herpes from ejaculation into the vagina Can anxiety keep a man from being able to ejactulate or maintain an erection? COULD I BE PREGNANT?! does a hernia affect being able to ejaculate before having the surgery?  Birth control shots: Can I get pregnant if he ejaculates? Wednesday night I urinated. At end of urination, had a pain in my right testicle. What could cause this? What is my risk of contracting HIV? I used to produce a lot of sperm after sex, but now very little comes out and sometimes nothing eventhough i will feel.. ejaculation questions masturbation ejaculation and masturbation How to overcome delayed ejaculation what is the feeling right before you ejaculate How long do i have to masturbate before ejaculation when i ejaculate what feeling does pumping feel like Can I get chlamydia if someone ejaculates on me, or on/around my genitals, but not inside my vagina? I have chlamydia. Can I give it to my partner if we have unprotected sex, but he does not ejaculate inside of me ? I have blood coming from my penis when i ejaculate, thyis just started. i have blood coming from my penis when i ejaculate. im 28. is masturbation a must if you have never had sex or ejaculate? is it really necessary? when sperm comes out during ejaculation is part liquid, part pieces clumped together- rubbery consistancy very painful is it normal for the color of the male ejaculate to change as we age? Is erectile dysfunction and premature ejaculation related? If you have both, will curing one most likely cure the other? Does it make a difference how long it's been since last ejaculation? Does sperm have to be kept fresh to be fertile? is there a cure for inhibited ejaculation? Reason for a Prostate Massage!? Do I have HIV? I have been diagnosed with low risk prostate cancer. My symptoms have changed. What are your recommendations? Ive been off of depoprovera for 4 weeks now and have had unprotected sex still since then. Could I be pregnant? can a girl get pregnant with an unsevered hymen? hello, I always feel uncomfortably itchy right after ejaculating! no pain while pissing! struggling to make her pregnant Thanks a lot NOHARD for your answer! do you think her mucus/PH has something to do with the bad smell inside her?!! Out of Dapoxetine, Clomipramine and Tramadol which is the best medicine for Premature Ejaculation ? I ejaculation in 2-3 mins is it normal? please advice some useful tips n med if nessesary When being aroused constantly, how long can a man go without ejaculating before it becomes painful? Inhibited or retarded ejaculation: This is when ejaculation is sloaiw to occur. My husband has slow urninating, itchy Testicals, and pain when ejaculating. What could this be? after ejaculation in 1st condom entered vagina again of hooker with fresh condom. Groin penis itch after 5 days. Hiv ? Sharp sting in urethra when urinating. No obvious signs of std or uti. what is the main cause of not ejaculation. am i pregnant? am i pregnant?  Could i still be pregnant? Can pre-cum get a girl pregnant? even if i didnt actually cum at any time Transparent sticky penile discharge while talking with girlfriend over phn or when dating with her.Whats wrong with me? could i get pregnant? could i be pregnant? Do I have an addiction? I used to watch porn and ejaculate once to sleep most days for about 10 years. Transparent sticky penile discharge while talking with girlfriend over phn or dating with her.Whats wrong?plz answer Sometime during bowel movements I strain and accidentally ejaculate. It furthermore hurts to urinate. Lasts for 10 mins how is it possible for a guy to ejactulate 10 times or more in a row? is there something wrong with the guy? My period is late. I'm safely sexually active. With condoms and even pulling out while also using one. Taking biotin. male peeing instead of ejaculating during sex? what could be wrong? Can I get pregnant from dry humping while I was ovulating? He didn't ejaculate I frequently have ejaculate discharge from flaccid penis following bowl movement. Not involved with arrousal, whole wipe can i get pregnant if he ejaculated on my vagina? Had unprotected outercourse on the first day of my last period. My period's 3 days late. Could I be pregnant? During sex I bent my penis, ouch. There was no pop and was able to finish. Since then my penis has been sore no bruising My boyfriend pulled out to ejaculate and then put it back in with no condom. Can I get pregnant? My penis is bleeding What does it mean when my man's ejaculation is clear? How can I produce more Semen Volume when I ejaculate? Does Hypothyroidism affect testosterone levels? Can you get pregnant while on the hormone implant? I'm able to "stop" an ejaculation by contacting certain muscles in my pelvic cradle.I wonder if this is safe. What would makes a man's balls hurt when he ejaculates Discovered Green Blob at End of Penis can i get pregnant if he cumes inside of me knowing i dont take my birth control pills regularly and skip some days Does ejaculation alter the rate of sperm production? Itchy around anus and while ejaculating it is painful and lot of discomfort is there. discomfort in stomach and limbs   I had unprotected sex and he ejaculated inside of me it was three days AFTER my period could I be pregnant? No bc Several questions....1).What happens to the libidio after the initial ejaculation.  Why are men`s genitals sensitive after ejaculation? Before my husband was involved in a bad car accident his ejaculation was thick and milky ,now it's clear and watery. me n my bf have been havin sex 9 times a daybut 4 last 2 days he goses limp be4 he gets off..can 2 much sex cause this? Could she be pregnant? I would like some peace of mind.  I haven't had my period but my body feels different.I have most symptoms. It has been 2 1/2 weeks since i had sex. HELP Am I pregnant?? I have PCOS! Can my boyfriend ejaculate inside of me?????? I recently had unprotected oral sex with ex boyfriend. he ejaculated in my mouth but did not swallow, used mouth wash. can precum be released via a handjob?? Is it my baby ? Embarrassing Question: Is Pregnancy Possible? When having sex with prostatits I'm not geting any ejaculated liquid..52 yrs old ? My erection is not hard. I ejaculate before penetration. I am afraid of sex now. I am a porn addict. What should I do? Periods. 1st day heavy and then 1 day spotting over the last two months. Last full- June 22nd. Had sex- June 29th.  Tingling almost stinging sensation in penis Why is there urine in my semen and what should I do about it? Is holding back an ejaculation dangerous? What food or drinks to avoid when u have delayed ejaculation I used to masturbate a lot ( usually daily some times 2-3 times a day ) .Now Facing premature Ejecluation and low libido Penis size Foreplay Arousal Can not ejaculating cause headaches? When i take a prework supplement i have some ed issues, and sometimes i ejaculate a lot of fluid before i actually cum. 10 days away from period ovulated on 14th and condom broke no ejaculation Is taking plan B a good strategy for pre cum ? I ejaculated on my girlfriends chest, can it drip down and get her pregnant? Is there a way i can imitate a vagina instead of using my hands, because as soon as i start ejaculating  Took escapelle because of precum. Irregular bleeding. Pregnancy or side effect?  can kidney issue cause premature ejaculation / ed ? can you still ejaculate with an indwelling catheter? How long would cum be safe to drink if in a glass and refrigerated? Could I be pregnant, husband came in me before I started my new set of active pills ? I took it after. Was on placebos . Pregnant after pulling out? Slight irriation at the opening of urethra after oral sex. I felt some slight discomfort during which may be the cause i have no problem getting an erection its keeping one and ejaculating that i am having an issue with. any answers? I Can't Swallow  