Is having an erection for an extended period of time dangerous? Is there a downside to oral erection drugs? What treatment can I expect at the ER for my painful erection? I heard a crack while having sex and now Ive lost my erection. Why should I go to the doctor if my erection is painful or lasts too long? I have had issues with getting and maintaining an erection. What could be going on? I start with a healthy erection during sex, but it never lasts very long. Could this be ED or some kind of mental block? I had my prostate removed. I have a trouble getting an erection using Viagra or Cialis. Are the $400.00 pumps worth it? What can I do to treat Erection Problems Erectile Dysfunction at home? What are the symptoms of Erection Problems Erectile Dysfunction? What are erection problems? I'm 18 and struggling with maintaining an erection. Could alcohol and smoking cause that? For eight years, I haven't been able to sustain an erection. Medication helped until three years ago. What can I do? For eight years, I haven't been able to sustain an erection. Medication helped until three years ago. What can I do? I'm in my late 50s and have erection problems. I've have a small choked area at the base of my penis. What can be done? latly when i get an erection when i try to adjust it so its alittle more comfortable i get this painful sensation Is impotence a normal at the age of 18? Male 47, I had UTI last month, Treated well. I have lost sensation in groin/penis. erection/ejuculate normal. PL advise. What could cause red bumps/lesion like areas on genitals? I am unable to achieve and substain an erection during sex. What are the main causes and solutions? Less masterbation? Why am I not able to have sex with my girlfriend though I am able to have sex with my wife? Please advise I don't know what is wrong with me, but im 20 years old and i recently stopped being able to have erections I have CHF, HBP, and kidney disease, i cannot hold an erection during sexual intercourse I have querry about Erectile Dysfunction and Pre-mature Ejaculation? I have ED. I have noticed nocternal erections but nothing in response to meds. is there a difference? Whait is the difference between 25, 50 and 100mg Viagra? I am a 22 year old male and i dont have facial hairs. Am i normal or am i having low levels of Testosterone? I am unable to manitain an erection for long. it just goes a way in the middle of sex without warning. been disabled for 12 years, no erection. Guess what? Cilas workes! Will medicade/medicare pay for it? Hello, I cannot find any info concerning frequent erections, ie how to stop or slow them down.  I can't keep an erection when using a condom. If I take the condom off I regain erection. What can I do to fix this? I can't maintain an erection at the time me and my partner are about to have sex. What could be the problem? why does my penis seem smaller then usual and cannot get an errection i am 22 years old and my penis is not as hard and erected as it was before, what can i do to fix this? If using Viagra or Cialis does the erection remain after orgasm? Male 57 not reaching orgasm getting and keeping erection not a problem Problem in urine-flow during erection Over the past year, a "dent" has appeared on the left side of my penis, most notable during erection.  Can being at higher elevation cause erectile dysfunction? Strong erection while sleeping but weak when I want it. Masturbating produces weak erction too. Flacid ejaculation. Am 52 yr healthy male. had good sex life. since 6 months it is flacid, difficult to insert.  can I safely try more than 100mg of generic viagra? not able to ejaculate while having sex Penis "de-sensitized" by too much masterbation ?  I had sex yesterday and now my penis is bruised and I cant get an erection. Will this heal with time? I am a 55 yr old male ,when me and wife have relations i am unable to ejaculate,i also have take ED med i am worried Wrinkled penis head that looks like raisin when flaccid. Goes away with erection. I am 24 and married but feel as if my sex drive is dwindling. Any reasons as to why? I can ejaculate multiple times but my first ejaculation is within 2-3 minutes, how do i delay this? My lido is low because I am menopausal and my ovaries were remove my sex partner is tell me I need a sex therapist I am experiencing a problem keeping an erection. Are there natural remedies that can be taken for this?  my boyfriends penis hurts when he has an erection and while it goes down.its raw at the tip and very sore How many erections can I get from one 50mg dose of Viagra? Can I have sex and an orgasm more than once with one dose? I am having frequent urination, am slightly uncomfortable,and having problems acheiving an erection, what should I do? Is there a solution for the inability to maintain an erection and delayed ejaculation? I have testicular atrophy and erection problems from prohormone. Can my body fix itself? Is it normal to be getting extremely wet and alot of pre-cum during/after making out with my girlfriend? without sex? 29, male, non smoker, drink occasionally and fit. Last 10 months having ED. Last 3 weeks no sensation. Whom to contact While having sex, I had pain, withdrew, to discover bleeding on the skin below the head of my penis My son is 5 years old and seems to be getting aroused with my wife's feet? why and what can we do? should we be worried? I'm only 25 yrs. Old and i am having serve problems getting an erection and also ejectulating while having sex.Needhelp  Im 15. After i masturbate my penis hurts and feels sore when i get an erection after. Im a virgin and tightly cicumcised My boyfriend started taking Lipitor and now he's been having difficulty maintaining an erection. Could that be a cause? Is VIBERECT effective for treating ED? WebMD does not list it as a treatment option. Could ADHD affect a man's sex drive? I have not been diagnosed with ADHD yet but quickly lose focus and my erection. Do women get erections just like a man's? Do women get erections just like a man's?  after erection my pennis points vertically upwards,is this a defect? I'm a 23 year old female virgin, never had a boyfriend yet and since I'm catholic I'm wondering if it is wrong to.... Why do i NOW have a lack of sensitivity in my penis. It isn't numb but takes a longer time to achieve orgasm? is plaque related to erectile dysfunction Curved penis Penis was straight, now abruptly bent - spontaneously occurred. what can be done for inhibited ejaculation? My husband is having trouble getting and keeping and erection.  I have to pee very frequently and have trouble getting or keeping an erection. I also have frequent constipation.  Is it normal to lose erection after 10-12 of having sex? Can a long standing hemroid cause pain during erection? Is there a gland at the base of a man's skull that has anything to do with sexual performance? Can ED be permanent if both hypertension and the medications for hypertension both are causing it? If I am passed out, is it possible for me to get an erection? And is it possible for me to ejaculate while passed out?  Is there a specific "type" of doctor I need to see for a painful erection? The lower half of my penis gets erect, the head enlarges, but the center remains flaccid. Is this ED or something else? I have been having a little head aches , then pain in the eyes and body , weakness, and i cant get an erection ? why am i worried after sex?  Why do I get an erection easily as an adult. I am 45 and have been married for 19 years. When I have An erection my penis curves down instead of pointing up! Why does it do that?! Is it possible to have sex with a curved penis during an erection? When I have an erection my penis curves downwards? Will it still be possible to have sex with a curved down erection? What are Causes for low Libido for men in early 20s  Not sure it's ED.  When we start intercourse, the stimulation is not enough to maintain an erection.  Do I have a penile fracture or serious penile trauma? my husband is struggling with the loss of sensation in his penis, can this come back? it's causing him severe depression My husband does NOT have any problems getting AND keeping an erection but he does not ejaculate that often. Why is this? can testicular cancer cause the inability to achieve or maintain an erction? Can tight underwear affect ejaculation?  Effects of chronic blueballs? Is erection gel or cream as good as internet say it does My bf had inguinal hernia surgery 4 months ago. Since then he is not able to have an erection. Is this normal?  I had an infusion back surgey done a year and a half ago. Is it normal to not be able to have an erection? can lisnopril cause sexual dysfunction does high cholesterol affect erection/why semen bitter Is this normal? Don't feel like sex, more sensitive, strong erection. Feel like sex, less sensitive, weak erection. unable to get full erection.or unabl to maintan after prostate opperation no more sperm erection not the best and can sex put someone pregnant ive noticed problems im male and 17 last week couldent get hard and now i can cum but its really little ammounts why  Can anxiety keep a man from being able to ejactulate or maintain an erection? If i've been working alot.. Have some stress and partial dehydration, can i lose an erection during intercourse? If im dehydrated can i lose an erection during intercourse? Is it normal for my husband (32 years old) to not get an erection unless he is manually stimulated? Is there an std that can cause erectile distinction How to overcome delayed ejaculation I have scrotum pain that comes and goes and a pressure-like sensation of having an erection. Should I be concerned? Can weak erection causes a low sperm discharge to in pregnant a woman. im 18 and cant maintain an erection when sperm comes out during ejaculation is part liquid, part pieces clumped together- rubbery consistancy very painful hello sir i am a 23 year old guy . i have a problem with erection when i start sex with my gf i can't feel any erection. Erection improved after taking pycnogenol and l-arginine for 3 months for ed?what will happen if i stop taking them? What can I do...I havent had an erection for 13 years can a man with no testicles get and maintain an erection Can you have a problem getting an erection after a stroke? I over masturbated for several years. And now i am facing a prblem... Bruised penis at base on top after i get off after sex i cannot attain an erection till the nest day. How can i get an erection after i get off? Painless swelling under penis head noticeable only during full erection. Uncircumcised age-25y.o. can a herniated disc also cause erection problems.  My erection has become hard and uncomfortable. It seems to be a side effect of Concerta pills. How can I restore it? I am a 60 year old male that has trouble getting and maintaining an erection.  I am 24 years old and I have issues maintaining an erection what is the main cause of not ejaculation. Do hemorrhoids effect my erection? Transparent sticky penile discharge while talking with girlfriend over phn or when dating with her.Whats wrong with me? on erection the girth is OK but when massaged with anylubricant the girth size reduces giving a feel of a muscular pipe Transparent sticky penile discharge while talking with girlfriend over phn or dating with her.Whats wrong?plz answer if you lose both testicles can you get an erection and produce sperm. Erectile dysfunction During sex I bent my penis, ouch. There was no pop and was able to finish. Since then my penis has been sore no bruising What's wrong with my penis? i hurt my penis, it swoll up for 3 days, and havnt been able to get an erection for 6 months now  i hurt my penis, it swoll up for 3 days, and havnt been able to get an erection for 6 months now  Can a man with BLL lukimia have normal erections at the age of 70 or more and enjoy sex with his wife???? is there anythink I can take for problems with an erection after haveing prostate cancer I am a youth that has recently been having poor erection quality including decreased size and ability to maintain. Help? Cycling effecting erections (60% previous hardness) after endurance race (24hrs non-stop). Saddle pointed slightly up. If you can't get an erection are you still able to reach an orgasm? is ED a side effect of gabapentin blister on pensi head Several questions....1).What happens to the libidio after the initial ejaculation.  can varicocele surgery cause erectile dysfunction My 44-yr old boyfriend needs oral stimulation in order to get hard. Is this normal? Problems keeping an erection I use Androforte 5 testosterone cream, but I'm not seeing improvement in my T level or sexual functioning Can a groin strain lower your sex drive or cause erectile dysfunction? My erection is not hard. I ejaculate before penetration. I am afraid of sex now. I am a porn addict. What should I do? Why am I losing my erection? 13y/o g/dtr taking Focalin 1 1/2yr. Recently has high sex desire, caught talking about it on phone. Could it be Rx Pop in abdomen during sex, no more erections and now have herniated belly button. Any cure, going to be married ? I used to masturbate a lot ( usually daily some times 2-3 times a day ) .Now Facing premature Ejecluation and low libido I am a male who suffers from erectile dysfunction. No medications work. I am unable to grow a beard. What could be wrong I'm in my 30's. Under ideal conditions how long should it take to get an erection? I'd like some help extending my sexual stamina. I last with her on top but really short in other positions. how can I shrink my penis or limited the blood flow for my erections?  Type I'm 47 never had a problem with getting an erection that most of the time was so hard it hurt. now I can't. Why? can claritin D 24 hour cause erectile dysfunction? I am having ED, wherein i get erection before intercourse, but midway its gone. I am 37, taking tablets for BP and heart I am 25 years old and I had a cut behind my penis tip last night while having sex since i am not able to get an erection can you still ejaculate with an indwelling catheter? i have no problem getting an erection its keeping one and ejaculating that i am having an issue with. any answers? 