What should I do if I am physically unable to exercise due to a medical condition? Do I really have to exercise 60 minutes a day? Does aerobic exercise interfere with muscle gains from weightlifting? Where do I start if I have never exercised? What are some effective relaxation exercises when you have breast cancer? How does exercise impact energy level when you have cancer? Will exercising the vaginal muscles make my vagina tighter? How do I get started with exercise? What if I dont have time to exercise 60 minutes a day? Can you exercise and diet cellulite away? Is it best to exercise first and then eat a full meal or eat a full meal first? What is the correct way to do pelvic exercises? How can exercise help my sleep? What kind of exercise is best for someone 55 and over? Why is exercise so important during menopause? What are muscle-strengthening exercises? I am a college student and wonder what could be causing headaches during exercise? What type of exercises are OK after knee and hip replacement? What kind of cardio exercises are great for glutes? What are good strength-training exercises for the glutes? What can exercise do for me? How do I exercise with fibromyalgia when it takes a week to recover? When you workout and then become sedentary, does the muscle that you gained from exercising turn to fat? I have had two back surgeries and am pain-free except for some stiffness. What exercises can I do to play tennis again? I have polycystic ovarian syndrome and gained 50 pounds, despite regular exercise and healthy eating. What can I do? Do doctors immediately prescribe medication to control blood sugar, or do they wait to see if diet and exercise help? I live in a hot climate and cannot breathe when doing any exercise outside any more. Is this asthma? I have tendonitis in one of my knees, which causes pain when doing jumping exercises. Can supplements reduce the pain? Does exercise cause a slow release pill to release quicker? Im mainly referring to Vyvanse for ADHD.  Does taking beta blockers affect heart rate during exercise? What are some tips for getting started exercising if I am depressed? What are some exercises that I can do while traveling, without carrying any equipment? Is it true that exercise is not beneficial to really heavy people until they lose weight and get their metabolism going? Is it true that it isn't good to do the same exercise every day to allow muscles to rebuild with a 48-hour break?  How much of a difference does eating better, getting some exercise, sleeping more, etc., make for my skin?  Do Facial Exercise Treatment "machines" really stimulate the muscles in the face and jaw line to tighten them? I had a baby two months ago and have started exercising. What is the best multivitamin to take? What are the risks of plyometric exercises? When is the best time of day to exercise outdoors if you have allergies? What kind of exercise is beneficial for people with diabetes? What exercises will tone and and strengthen my glutes? Can ejection fraction be improved by exercise? How can I fit exercise into my day when I spend so much time with my kids?  Are certain nutrients depleted with strenuous exercise? I have Type II diabetes. What is the best form of exercise for my condition? Is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise? On birth control for 8 yrs never missed period, barely spotted last time, two negative pregnancy tests, whats wrong? Have a dull ache that originated under my Adam's apple. Seems to be better when I'm laying down. Throbs standing up. I have hypersomnia. How do I find the energy to exercise? Especially if I feel worse once I've finished. Is Aerobics a good exercise to loose fat in belly? I just turned 30 and seem to be going through a growth spurt, is that cause for concern? I do not eat sweets or sugary drinks. I exercise every day but why am I gaining weight? Why would somoene experience pain on the left side of their chest? how can i eat so much, be completely inactive, and still lose weight? my weight keeps going up, its not my diet or lack of exercise, thyroid test is normal, help?? I am not overweight at all, but I still want to lose about 10 pounds. I eat healthy and exercise often. what can I do? What are some gentle, safe, and not to rigorous exercises you can do as a woman trying to conceive? Why I cannot reduce my waist line and weight even if I do sports everyday? after hard phys exercise,sometimes get bad tunnel vision and a big ball of light right where i try to focus my eyes.why? What can I do to reduce my triglucerides? How long after a closed rhinoplasty is it safe to resume running and weight lifting exercises? #healthnut This Cold Won't Quit! is it safe to lose a pound a day when you are more than 30lbs overweight? my dr told me i was in diabetic range, he perscribed me some medicaion and i refuse to take it.  44 yr female, eat healthy, excercise, high fiber diet, take 1000 mg calcium and D and strontium. what kind of doctor should i see? How can I reduce my waistline, I'm sixty years old, work out ten hours a week doing cardio, lift weights plus diet? Natural cures for depression? Can I excercise on adderall xr 25mg? Why am I constantly tired? I don't believe I am sleep-deprived. What can I do to help this? How harmful is smoking 1-3 cigarettes a day (less than a pack a week) compared to smoking more than 10 cigarettes a day? I am 86. I survived congestive heart failure. How much exercise should I expect to undertake? Heart throbs in my neck. 3 Questions: Does pheromone sprays work Does ion/power bracelets work Does penis enlargement pills/exercises work? Is it ok to do exercise the day before having a CT Scan? Is overhead pressing and pulling important in training? What are the effects of exercise on HDL and LDL? Having light/mild chest pains near left brest/armpit? Heart problems at 20? Lost 50lbs since 4/12 injured my back and had surgery in 9/12 and probably again in 12/12. How do I keep the weight off? I may begin BP medication in the near future. What are the different classes of BP meds and the pros/cons of each.  I'm 16, and I eat a lot. I've gone from 113lbs to 99lbs in less than a week. what's wrong with me?  How long does it take for a vagina to return to normal after vaginal birth? My stomach has gotten really large over the last several months can height be increased by doing excersise after the age at which it stops increasing? How to raise HDL I have a very high metabolism and I can't gain weight. How can I lower my metabolism while exercising more? how do i get strength back after hip replacement Why do I have insane cravings for sweets? Can Cephalexin 250 mg cause muscle aches? I'm trying to lose 70 pounds, I exercise at 6:30am. What's the best food to eat before strength training and for cardio? what is the way of reducing weight for 18 years old boy if he doesnt want to exercise at all? Alternatives to simvastatin for LDL?  What are best natural remedies for high LDL (120). Other numbers good. I take fish oil B complex. Don't want statins. why do i get so tired after exercising? What are some easy excersises to do at work? I smoked cigs for 1 month, averaging about 3 a day. Just wondering if any irreversible was done. I did quit since then. I had a heart attack 1 year ago, how long can I expect to carry on taking statins and is there an alternative. 38 days late for period. Stress hasn't been bad (compared to previously). All HPT are negative. What else could it be? im 314lbs and trying to lose weight. I cant excercise 2 min before Im gasping for air. How can I get a work out in? my 8 year does not excercise, always complains of suffocation when running or playing How many days a week should I exercise? when i go #2 i feel something come out then go back in when im done it hurts! any thoughts? ive been using hemroid cream i dont exercise because my legs and feet hurt so bad, what can i do to fix this ?" hi,my mother 85 y,suffer from lumber.s.s she need exercise for her knee,kindly advise,since she stand (WITH WALKER) Is it better to wash your face before you exercise and sweat? Post stent lifestyle reccomendations, none have been given to me I Iook like I'm 8 months pregnant...when I'm not how concerned should I be about a blood sugar level of 335 about 2 hours after dinner? i have a herniated disk in my neck i would like to work my abs are there any excercises i can do that wont hurt my neck Is it okay to do cardio exercise right after taking high blood pressure meds? If I am feeling really hungry after exercising, what is the best thing to eat after a workout?  After walking a short distance my heart beats very strongly as if I just ran occasionally with lightheadedness included. I have COPD I cannot catch my breadth every morning when I wake. It takes me 2 or 3 hours of coughing. Can you help? Husband's ACL and meniscus in right knee are tore. I need some ab exercises he can do without moving his legs, please. The last few days I've had leg fatigue/pain in my thighs, mostly at night but today, it lasted it all day.  do i have acid reflux disease? What types of exercise are contraindicated for someone who has had a L5-S1 spinal fusion? screws were removed My heart rate often goes as high as 170 beats per minute when I exercise. I am in my mid-60s. I have elevated cortisol levels. How can I keep my weight in check? I gained 103 lbs during my pregnancy. Can my doctor perscribe me diet pills? I feel I geninley need them. what is calorie deficit? Why joints swell in older age? What can be causing me to not see the numbers on the scale to drop but the inches ARE dropping? Are there any treatments for panic disorder above and beyond therapy and medication? I'm desperate.  How much calories should I be eating? So Confused.. Does exercise (1 hr of yoga and 30 to 45 min on eliptical 3-4 times a week) prevent ovulation and/or fertilization? Can i continue my flat abs workout when planning for pregnancy? What kind of exercises i shld avoid? I am full time college student want to lose some weight, been having anxiety attacks. Is it still okay to exercise? i have to spit a lot when i exercise, primarily running which causes me to vomit afterwards. what does this mean? Should I continue exercise if I have a cold or bronchitis? After 1 hr of zumba, my head hurts really bad, almost like a migraine, throbbing for about an hour or 2 after. why do i yawn after 30-40 minutes of exercising? 31,150lbs excersise regularly SymptomPain left butt cheek feeling need use bathroom,some constipation/gas after episode  Is it common to for the pain of plantar fasciitis to increase after completing the strectch exercises? I am doing arobic type exercises lately. My Knee is getting stiff if I sit for over 5 -10 mins. returns after sitting What exercises can I do 5 months after an L3 burst fracture? How soon can I exercise after a bout of walking pneumonia? Is it ok for me to take Adipex if i have had a couple chest pains while excercisng? what kind of exercise can I do with spinal stenosis, DDD and a recent history of severe hnp?  After exercising for over 1 year I now see dark spots and feel light headed when exercising. Do I keep up or not?  I cant lift my left foot I am 54 (female) and have not excercised in years. Is it too late to start and also see results? What causes a searing moving pain throughout my thighs and calfs when sleeping. It's after an hour on the eliptical i have bruises and swelling on foot and ankle due to an accident, can I exercise? Does burning more calories than taking in have a negative effect on weight loss? i was 369 n 2months later 300 n doc said is because i now have overactive thyriod. will i keep losing weight? Knee Pain? What does it mean when your top # is high, but bottom one is normal . As in 153 over 72? pulse also 72 unexplained weight gain Is it possible to get constipated because your body produces too much feces? Is there is a disease that causes this? how was maximum heart rate determined? my wife weighs 242lbs, she only eats about 1500 calories a day and excercises. why can't she lose weight? What causes a period to stop for six months or more three years in a row? woman with stabbing pain in lowre left abdomin almost groin Fell on stairs a week and a half ago. There is bruising and soreness, and pain on tailbone. Could I have fractured it? Why am I dizzy all the time, and get lightheaded easily after exercising? Why am I gaining weight despite regular exercise and eating a healthy diet Is blood shot eyes an indication of a problem after doing exercise? i got a blood clot last year in my lung i am wheezing and sweating and tired here lately should i be concerned? Is it ok to take prenatal vitamins if you're not pregnant? What can I do to ease the pain of osteoarthritis in my right hand ? Is it safe to "push through" fibromyalgia pain? I have chronic dry nose with tissue inflammation. All allergy tests were negative. What OTC products I can use to treat? How to loose male breasts? How to lose weight with little mobility? What is the best time of day to exercise to lose weight? Specifically if I'm walking on a treadmill. After exercising my second toe froze up and started to move under my big toe in a very painful way without my control is there any kind of supplement that can help with boost your metabolism,I need something to give me ENERGY to exercise Is the reason why I can't lose weight and keep it off because of my family history of obesity? What facial exercises can be done to aid recpvery frpm facial paralysis of bell's palsy? Why do nipples get hard during exercise? I've been eating salads(no cheese), okra, and asparagus and drinking about 80-100oz of water/day and constipated i have headaches and migraines like every other day! Why??? I have lost about 60 pounds and my skin seems loose. I've been walking and swimming. What can I do? How can I lose wight around my waist? is it normal to lose 5 pounds in a week without changing eating or excersize habits? Ive been trying to loose wgt for mths with no results. I exer. have made my eat habit healthier. why cant I loose weight I have negative calories every day, like 1K. Is that why I am not losing weight? It's hard to lose weight with hypothyroid. However, if you exercise, can you at least be able to tone up? at times I feel light headed, jittery, shakes, tingely all over, cold sweats what can I do to lose weight since I can't exercise because of a back problem.  Is any exercise safe while taking Cipro? How long after 30 days of treatment should I wait before working with weights? I have lost a lot of weight due to stress/depression. What can I take to help me gain my weight back? My left breast muscle never "shifted" into place. My right breast is fuller because it did. How do I correct? How do I lose the last 10 pounds? I eat relatively health vegetarian and stay active. Am not overweight, but not ideal. what exercises should I do after knee arthroscopy during exercise my heart will go into hyperdrive then skip several beats in a row, I can count to 5 before it restarts Physical therapy exercises for a rotator cuff injury what causes headache at temples when i do lunges What exercise does not aggravate achilles tendonitis? Should I get my lower back looked at if I injured it 4 years ago? Brown spots on lower legs ?? Have lowered bad cholesterol but my HDL keeps on getting lower. Why do I feel constantly tired? I recently began taking loratadine . I have noticed muscular cramping in my forearms and calves. Any conection? Should I eat more when I've increased my exercise? Plateaued weight loss, wondering if Im not eating enough. 26 yrs, M, 60kg, 172cm. Problem: I lose weight if I don't do exercise. im having trouble conceiving. it seems like were doing everything right but everyone else is getting prego not me HELP!! it is bad to masturbate after exercise? When I first lie down, my lower back erupts in sharp pain. Sometimes it goes away, sometimes not. I'm a 20 y/o female. Can too much Vitamin B and Folic Acid be detrimental to weight loss? I have a "weak ankle", when walking and excersising should I be wearing an ankle brace? I have really intense lower back pain. The chiropractor said it could be unbalanced hips. My potassium level dropped to 2.3. Was put in hospital for four days, right now it's 2.9, I take pot 160MEQ daily WHY? should you exercise or golf with sixth cranial nerve palsy having been just discussed in the emergency room yesterday?  Just had cast removed from broken ankle. More ankle/leg/ foot pain that before. Any exercises without going to PT? After a long walk, is it safe to drink ice water? I was told ice water was not safe to drink after exercising. can i lose weight without exercising? can exercise cause random muscle twitching? I'm trying to lose weight I'm 16 male,247lbs what are some good diet plans and exercises that could help me lose 47lbs? Pain all over my body, and it's just getting worse... what is wrong? is vigous excersise bad after a heart attack What sort of exercise can a handicapped person do who is morbidly obese and fighting several ailments? 47 and have a painless hard lump below my left knee that came 2 days ago.I have a ligament tear on that knee.What is it? Why am I obsessed with eating disorders and losing weight? I;m 50 and have never been over weight but now I need an excercise to stop the upper arm jiggle HELP1 What are some arm exercises for muscle strain. Is exercising on an empty stomach a good idea? I am doing a research paper comparing and contrasting exercise and fad diets. I cant find benefits and disadvantges I have high triglycerides and high LDL's and I'm in excellent physical shape. How do I lower these levels without meds? The skin on my upper arms is red like sunburn but it is permanent. Is it ok to exercise with a cold? If I do not exercise and eat a lot of Protein from Yogurt and Protein shakes would that make me gain weight? I'm over wght/carrying most between my knees and waist. My legs look like cottage cheese/bumps what causes that? I've been constipated, with pain for a week.My doctor says I am 'severely impacted' after X-rays.Nothing is working!  when will my heart rate go back to normal after exercise If I have alot of anger, stress and emotional baggage, what is the best sport I could exercise or learn to help me vent? Why does birth control cause you to gain weight? High BP MEDS ,I've lost 25 lbs ,exercise regularly do I need to have BP MEDS adjusted ? Should I start taking blood pressure medicine? Is there anything that can prevent my urethra from constantly expanding, causing continual leakage? How long will it take 1 mg of Alprazolam to get out of my system? having painful pulsing in my forearms. I smoke pot for it but want to quit. what causes this, what else helps? I have started jogging for exercise and the inside of my knees are sore. What i can do before/after to help alleviate? what does it mean if my period is a week late? I exercise with a stationary bicycle. I have been chaffed in the groin area. How do I protect my groin from this? Is it okay to do exercise morning and evening alternatively? like today morning and tomo evening.? Will strenuous exercise cause bladder infection and elevated PSA? How do you prevent an asthma attack when exercising? is high blood pressure controllable? Is excessive sweating during excercise harmful.? I'm 6'2", was 210lbs, lost 38lbs. 2 years later I have lost down to 160 lbs with no diet. Is this new lose dangerous? sore womb area Can exercise trigger supraventricular tachycardia after having a severe episode? I have severe left leg pain, worse at night when I first lie down.  How do you lose weight if you are supposed to eat 1500 calories, but only excerise 300 of it away daily? If I exercise and change my diet, will my excess skin diminish or will I have to have it surgically removed? Does Mirena IUD cause weight gain if a period has not been had for 10mo and only had IUD for 12mo? Can intense exercise and caffine combine to cause panic attacks? can a belly wrap help obesity Skinny 35 year old female. Symptom: *lifelong* hunger and irritability, esp with exercise. Not diabetic. Always eating! Pain in upper chest at walking exercise start, worsens for a few minutes, eases after 10 min walking. Any idea why? torn shoulder blade muscle I'm thirteen years old and whenever I run or even walk my heels hurts. It is a sharp pain and consistant. What's wrong? How can I help myself? Things like exercise, meditation (stress relief) and proper diet? It is getting very distracting My systolic pressure is 124 and my diastolic pressure us 114. Why is the diastolic so high? Had spinal fusion surg. in July. No more pain but can't regain leg strength with recomend exercises. any suggestions? My daughter (9 y) had a blood test, her total choletreol # was 180. what should i do to control and lower her numbers? I'm 56 years old, 235 total cholesterol and a heartscan score of 153. Statin Rx by PCP. Should I see cardiologist?  What can be done for ankle/heel in teenage football player? can you get yeast infection from sweating when you exercise Despite regular cardio exercise and eating healthy, I can't seem to lose weight? How safe is it to be exercising above your "target" heart rate of 85% max heart rate? See specific details below. fasting sugar levle of 12 years old son Panic attacks and exercise Should blood pressure be high after exercise My father is having a heart problem and hes over weight. Which exercises would you suggest for him to lose weight? What's the best exercise to tone up the buttocks? Veins are not visible for the blood test, what to do? Does planter fasciitis go away? I'm almost 19 and my period has never regulated. I generally get it every 2 to 4 months, should I be worried? I'm overweight, 40, and pregnant, but exercise regularly. What should I do to maintain a healthy pregnancy?  DOES EXERCISE HELP PASS KIDNEY STONES? Why do I look 7 or 8 months pregnant and have elevated hormones when I am NOT pregnant? During and after exercise I have ankle pain. It sometimes shoots down into my foot. What could this be? Do you want to be active when you have a sore throat? what kind of exercise should I do for heel spurs? Can scapies be caught from exercise equipment? is itching similar to a yeast infection a symptom of UTI or bladder infections? Exercise related deltoid lump, feels like fluid. no pain, should it be drained? Electrolyte replacement during extended exercise What causes exercise induced head pain? What exercises can a child do with scoliosis? Will tinnitus triggered by excessively loud music using earphones while exercising go away if I stop using music? I'm 17 with an overactive bladder for a few yrs now. Why?  how much water should a woman drink if she exercises four hours a day? Type II Diabetes and Sudogest how to maintain weight with light exercise I am not feeling chest workouts in my chest. My chest is not building up like the rest of my body. How can I fix this? What is the best motivations that will get you started on your diet, i tried so many things but failed :( , plz help me does synthetic underwear cause jock itch?  For immunodeficiency (two low igG subclasses), are there any diet changes I can make that would boost my low igG levels? If a man is dieting, exercising at least 3 to 4 times a week, having ED , having a hard time losing weight. LOW T? I'm a 51 year old women ,I weigh 206 and cholesterol at 250, My knee been replace,what exercise can I do to lose weigh? Constant dizziness, shortness of breath after exercise/large meal. EKG, echocardiogram, lung scan normal. RBC 53% does exerxise increase adrenaline I've been constipated for a little over a week. I really got myself emptied out on the 17th, and I've been exercising Weight and anti depressants does exercise help combat the side effects of gabapentin I am 65, weigh 160, 5'7back problems that prevent me from exercise. On 2 hp meds/still around l50/80s.what can i do? 68 year old female with ms, Iron Deficiency Anemia. What health problems may occur? how men should do kegel exercises for fecal incontinence Dr says no lifting or bending and minimal walking. What exercises can I do with those limitations? Will exercise affect my heart murmur? I have been exercising and started a heart smart diet, now my feet stay cold. What should I do? I am living in Japan and dont know whom to turn to regarding bladder issues My daughters insulin level is 32 and the doctor recommend she takes metformmin. I'd rather change our diet and exercise. How do you know what the best exercise routine is? Could my child's shortness of breath be related to him being over weight somewhat? I am post menopausal and suffer depression side effects from HRT. If I exercise and eat healthy instead is that enough? I am 61,been exercising 3.3 miles on treadmill, 4.4 miles on bicycle,and a mile on walking track,everyday-have cold feet Why is my right testicle pulling up towards my body? (regardless of temperarture?) Is there any safe way to increase my height in few inches (2-3) before the growth plates closed?  Weight loss tips for obese adult im exercising for a month since not losing weight ...also cut down my meals I got stitches in my shin after falling on a step. How much swelling is normal and when can I exercise? I'm 20 and I've missed a period. Is that normal? Can drinking carbonated drinks interfere with weight loss?  Chest pain after exercise? what causes hands to turn dark purple  I'm 50lbs. overwieght. I exercise 2 hours a day. What amount of calories should I be consuming? Low or High calories? Can arrhythmia be caused by extreme exercise or sexual activity? female trying to lose 170lb how many calories below BMR would be safe to eat daily? Eating healthy=stuffed morn 2 night Is exercising for three hours bad to do? am i doing enough to lose weight?  Im a 56 yearsold woman and wanted to know what my heart rate should be when riding a stationary bike at the gym. What should the calorie intake be for a 47 year old female that is disabled and cannot exercise and weighs 152? exercises to tighten loose skin after 60 years old. With nerve damage from 2 fusions and problems walking, what exercises will help me lose 40 lbs? Also got fibromyalgia I ejaculation in 2-3 mins is it normal? please advice some useful tips n med if nessesary I exercise and eat right, very healthy. Not overweight per se but need to lose abdominal fat, drop about 15 lbs Bruised left testicle Are STD's detected in a urine dipstick test?  triple bypass completed 7 months ago need my brother be concerned about exercise increasing my heart rate above 110? when I overexert myself during exercise or intercoarse I get this bad pain in my anal area along with my testicles does exercise affect staph infection? can drinking water help lower Bp? Besides medication for blood pressure what is my next move? How to get off of Diet pills? every time i do lunges, i get groin/leg injury in my thigh. should i get MRI I've started to exercize and eat better. But I'm getting bad headaches and neasea. Yes, I drink plenty h2o. What can I do to releive the sciatic pain I have, especially first thing in the morning? My hair started falling out after losing weight. What should I do? For a diebetic should I eat before or after exercise how can i increase blood circulation, especially in my legs. is there a way, through exercise or diet? I am exercising a lot lately and keeping my diet pretty healthy, but for some reason I keep gaining weight. Why? I have a hiatal hernia. It seems to bother me more after exercise especially after crunches. Is there a connection? I wake up from naps and feel shaky. What causes this? 25 yrs old woman and I got my peroid at 12;I'm still growing in height and im almost 6 feet? How does the game phone assist in team building exercise? Can't lose weight while taking lexapro. I have never had weight problem and I go to exercise class 3-4 times a week.  What happens if my caloric intake is less than what I should be getting due to exercising and eating less? Can exercise delay a period?(20 days late). Past 2months Ive been running everyother day/exercising 30 min every night I really need help. Im Scared and worried. Please just read my additional infro and help. What is normal blood pressure Can stretching of the legs during ballet and exercise increase the size of vaginal openings in a nine year old girl? Why am I not menstruating? gfg Blackline Elite most effective weight loss exercise  I have almost all the symptoms of a Thyroid condition, my bloodwork cont. to state that I am within an acceptable range. Is using my inhaler before every dance class okay ? Right Knee Pain My A1C test showed my number at 6.7, can I improve my number with diet and exercise? I do not want to take medication Can a man still have erectile dysfunction even if blood tests come back negative and he exercises? how do i exercise with osteoarthritis and patellar tendonitis in both knees and falling arches in both feet? Peripheral neuropathy I have a stretched muscle in my right shoulder blade. What exercises are best in shrinking this muscle back in shape? Are there any excercises that can firm a jawline. Are there natural supplements that can increase a man's testosterone level? Can you exercise when on antibiotics for a sinus infection? Is jaw pain while exercising a sign of heart trouble ? Six months ago my Hemoglobin A1c was at 6.3. Today it's 5.7. How low should shoot for? what's an ideal level? Incision sight pain a yr after hysterectomy is it safe to do body weight squats while pregnant will exercise while having a cold or flu get rid of it faster? does exercise shorten the the length of time a testosterone injection is effective.  