Does Preparation H help with dark circles under the eyes? What should I do for red pus and swollen eyes in a 3-year-old girl? My makeup remover gives me raccoon eyes when I remove mascara. Can't I just wash my makeup off with soap and water? My kids don't sleep through the night, so now I have dark circles around my eyes. What can I do to minimize them? How can a dermal filler make my dark circles around my eyes go away? How much does it cost? I had under-eye surgery 14 years ago. The skin under my eyes is now wrinkled and loose. How can I tighten under my eyes? What is best for dark circles under the eyes and chin firming? What kind of eye cream should I use for dry skin at the age of 30? I am in my mid-40s and would like to get rid of my wrinkles near the eyes. Which product do you suggest? Is there any treatment for hyperpigmentation around the eyes? What I should do to get rid of eye puffiness? And if Im looking for cosmetic surgery, do I need general anesthesia? Do darker sunglasses provide more protection for the eyes than sunglasses that are less tinted? If you can see your own eyes, are your sunglasses not dark enough? Do kids need sunglasses? I did not wear them when I was a child and my eyes are fine. What would cause unequal pupil size in my child's eyes? Do I have to replace my eye make-up if I have a stye? Should I be worried because my month-old grandson rarely follows things with his eyes? Is it safe to weight train when I have pressure in the temple/eye area associated with a sinus infection?  My daughters permanent eye teeth are coming in over the top of her baby teeth. What can we do to loosen the baby teeth? Why do my baby's eyes look crossed? My 7-month-old just started getting goopy eyes, drainage and some puffiness. It's not red. What can I give him?  My daughter takes an antibiotic for impetigo, and eye drops for allergies. Can she take something to reduce her fever? Is it safe to have laser hair removal for my unibrow, so close to my eyes?  What new procedures are being considered for bags under the eyes?  I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism and have dry skin, especially around the eyes. What beauty routine I should follow? Is there a nonsurgical procedure to get rid of the bags under my eyes? What can I do about the dark circles under my eyes? I have bad bags under my eyes. What nonsurgical and surgical procedures might help? How much do fillers cost for eye puffiness? Does insurance cover it? If not, what other treatments do you recommend?  Since moving into my house, my eyes constantly itch and each morning, discharges have dried them shut. Any help?  I wear sunscreen, sunglasses and use eye cream, but Im still getting crows feet. Is there anything else I can do? I have a lot of whiteheads on my forehead and below my eyes. Where did they come from, and how do I get rid of them? What can I use for dark circles under my eyes?  What is the most effective antiwrinkle treatment for the eyes?  I take Allegra-D, sometimes use allergy eye drops and Rhinocort. Recently I added Sudafed. Is OK to combine these drugs? Does Benadryl have aspirin in it? I have watery eyes, but I can't take anything with aspirin.  What I should do to get rid of eye puffiness?  Does Preparation H help with dark circles under the eyes?  Im 34 and need to get rid of bad wrinkles around my eyes. They look shaggy and red. How can I look younger? Are there any laser treatments or nonsurgical remedies to remove the bags under my eyes?  I have little tumors around my eyes. I was told that they could be removed, but they would come back. What should I do? I had under-eye surgery 14 years ago. Now my eyes are puffy, and the skin is wrinkled and loose. How can I tighten them? What is the best treatment for dark circles under the eyes and chin firming?  What kind of eye cream should I use for dry skin at the age of 30?  I am in my mid-40s and would like to get rid of my wrinkles near the eyes. What product do you suggest?  I have dark purple blotches under my eyes even though I'm healthy. What causes it?  I'm 24, have to work under the sun, and already have wrinkles under my eyes and crows feet. What can I do?  What can I do about puffy bags under my eyes?  I am a 16-year-old boy and have dark circles under my eyes. Is there a natural way to get rid of them?  What causes bloodshot eyes? what is your illness if you have a swollen eye trowing up blood and have 100.5 fever how to shop for glasses How do you know if shingles are affecting the eye. Can't keep my eyes open, then I will fall asleep for literally a second, jolt awake and be fine for the rest of the day. nasal congestion, sinus pressure, headache or pain by right eye from pressure, and pressure buildup in right ear. I have a little white head on the corner of my eye, on the skin.It looks like a sleepyman at first glance.  After getting sick (step, I believe), a sinus issue developed. Has persisted and I'm having pressure headaches now. what is a postenion vitacal detachment? What drugs (prescription and over the counter) can cause your eyes to dilate? Can anything else cause this? Had surgery with general anesthesia and eyes taped closed. Now have a blood blister-looking spot on my eyelid. Normal? What can I do to relieve burning eyes from a welding burn? Would it be safe to put diluted honey in my eyes? My eyelashes are constantly falling into my eye and causing severe irritation. What causes this?  why is my right eye bloodshot in the morning? It doesn't itch or burn. Can't even tell it's irritated. after hard phys exercise,sometimes get bad tunnel vision and a big ball of light right where i try to focus my eyes.why? what causes the white of the eye to turn yellow Wet Macular in one eye. Other eye 20/30. Can covering the macular eye help the non-macular eye vision be more clear? i see spots in my vision like someone shinned a bright light in my eyes and its blinding spots to.. what does this mean? sharp shooting pain in right eye with swelling Are there any multi-vitamins for women w/out Vitamin A? I currently have to take 10,000 IU of Vitamin A Palmitate per dr I have a watery eye left one,my mouth droops down a little,no numbness. My mouth feels like novacane is wearing off. Have weakness in facial muscles and been around for a couple days. Nothing else, no tingling, no pain. What could it be? I have chronic joint pain and body aches, my head feels a lot of pressure and fogginess, my eyes hurt as well. Help? Does the use of insulin affect your eyes? 15 yo son dizziness, sever headache, nausea, for 7 days no relief from meds normal ct and mri worry need suggestions Headache, dizziness, claminess, pale, upset stomach, cant focus eyes. This happened 3 times in past 6 weeks. What wrong? Can being in a car accident from being hit from behind, cause floaters? I frequenly get blood vesels breaking in my eye causing white area to be bright red, what is the cause?  My right eye has been red and hurting for 4 days now. I also have a small yellowish lump on my sclera. What is it? constant eye drainage, including during sleep, puffiness around eye, top and bottom what antibiotic does the doctor normally prescribe for eye styes can pinkeye make you have the chills? L. eye is droopy which makes R. eye seem to bulge. Is it psychological? It gets better for abt an hr after rest/coffee. My right eye started bothering me today, with a burning sensation. Took contact out, no help. Still blurry with glasses. I've a spot in the vision of my R eye for a few of days its like i've been looking at bright lite but isn't going a way could prescription eye drops cause high blood pressure What kind of rash is scaly and located about the face, between the eyes, its itchy, caladril helps my 3 yr son , he repeats what i say when i ask a question, some times he dosent understand what i say, is this normal? Could I be allergic to the ingredients in Synthroid? I use cold cream to take off my eye makeup. If a little bit accidentally gets in my eyes, is that harmful? My mother has swelling between eyes with itch and redness. should a cook with an eye stye work Are eye vitamins such as I caps for age related eye disease beneficial? I have a subconjunctival hemorage in my eye, is it ok to wear contacts? Can camphor phenique cream applied to the eye ball damage the eye ball? My husband sometimes seems drunk but says he hasn't had any alcohol. What else can cause slurred speech and droopy eyes? I keep seeing blood red in my eyes.This time,the blood red filled my ees then it turned pitch black halfway up my vision I have raw sore on eye. Using antibiotic gel for two weeks. Still not better. Should I be worried if someone elses saliva gets in my eye Last night I laid on my floor and got a really bad headache, couldn't open my eyes, and started convulsing? Seizure? Can a woman get a yeast infection in her eyes or nose that have allergy like symptoms from touching her vagina then eye? When the pupil is dilated for 6 months, what are the risks? When the eye pressure rises to 56, what are the risks? Can shingles affect the cornea of your eye? FACIAL SWELLING i have a pea size growth in my eye for over a year now,what do you think it is,and what shld i do Inside of my left ear and palatine tonsil is very swollen and red! HELP! I hit my head on a wooden pole very hard.  What can cause sharp,stabbing transient eye pain my right eye waters all the time, it's not irritated or red and looks normal. why? Can a new pair of eye glasses cause dizziness? Getting sick overseas. I see things floating and moving in my eyes. what could this be and how can I get rid of it?  what does it mean when a tear comes from yur left eye vs the right eye? Can macular degeneration cause pain? Can fainting be a symptom of pink eye? Our 6 yr old fainted and the pedi thinks it is due to pink eye/ear infection. Black spot in right eye when looking at computer screen and in sunlight-2 months now. Should I be concerned? My son got sand thrown in his eye and it is swollen. We did rinse it out with water. What is the next step? Can conjunctivitis in your eye happen from a common cold? Once skin is broken, how long does it generally take for a Staph infection to occur if not cleaned properly? Can alcohol consumption cause allergic conjunctivitis (pink eye)? Gritty uncomfortable sensation under the eyelid in the right eye. It's also really red. The left one is ok. What is it?  What is this swollen feeling in my nose? I have 2 small mole on my eye, amd many ( 10-15 ) in my body. How to remove this without sideeffect? Can fibromyalgia effect your eyes? vision with gold,blue and green suddenly What do I do about flashes of pain in my hips and legs? Most noticeable at night. Severe enough to keep me awake. how long for diabetes in dogs to affect their eyes? We can't seem to get consistent glucose readings what to do for hand cleaner in eyes? Is this a symptom of post nasal drip or something a little more serious? vertigo, vomiting and low grade fever with sudden onset One eye is smaller that the other due to an pink eye infection is there anything I can do or is it permanent? i have a contact lense that has rolled behind my eye. How do i get it out My eyes give a yellow discharge day and night.What can I do ? My 8 yr. old son wants a Nintendo 3DS. I have heard that the 3D games are not good for children's eyes. Is that true? I have what looks like a freckle behind one of my eyes. what could it be? My 8 yr. old son wants a Nintendo 3DS. I have heard that the 3D games are not good for children's eyes. Is that true? Recently both eyes sting and burn all day. Extremely dry. Must blink hard non stop. Extreme discomfort My eyes can't really focus on anything I'm looking at. My brain seems foggy.Should I see a family Dr. or Eye Dr?Or wait? This morning I woe up with large floater i m left eye,Is there anything I can do to resolve this without going to MD? Daughter has the flu, sinusitus, and now has a red rash all over her body, eyes swollen and yellow underneath. ER? My 7 month old has diarrhea for 24 hours. When is it time to take her to a doctor? watery eyes runny nose slight headache no cough What are some tips for home care of eczema around the eyes? My nose was broken a couple of times playing football. Now sinus over right eye will not drain. Surgery needed? I have sticky watery eyes. What may be the cause? No redness on lids. No allegies that I am aware of. I had brightly colored lights in a >shape going across my right eye for about 5 minutes. Do I need to worry? Could extreme eye pressure of 74 cause a person to have a stroke? can brown lady bug bites cause you to get an allergy to styrofoam, plastics, and latex (swelling of the eyes only) At what temperature should I take my child to the emergency room? have pain in the right side of my neck that goes way up into a terrible headache on the right side of my head I have a physical reaction to stressful situations, but lately that same reaction has been occuring for no reason. Why? what is going on when i have a cold and blow my nose fluid comes out of my left eye tear duct? the top of my right eye lid has been red looks irritated for about 2 months now but not itchy Teenager age 18 with low grade fever 2 days, headache, eyes hurt with light and swollen upper lip is it normal that my own eyes are making my glasses continually fog up? what do i need to do if i get gasoline in my eyes? how long is it ok to let my 1 year old cry it out migraine chronic I am asking for direction to expert help as clinic/specilist that I can contact past the neurologist  can pinkeye clear up on its own without antibiotic eye drops or pills?? i've been having a dull ache on the top left side of my head that runs down behind my left eye at the slightest touch. what would cause ear ringing, confusion and vertigo? I have been advised to undergo C3R by my eye specialist for the treatment of my Keratoconus . anyone heard of this? What does it mean to have pressure and pain in the eyes? When I look up or to the side, it hurts Im having few preg symptons even weight gain and hard stomach 3 neg tests could i still be pregnant? last period 9/05/12 My dog scratched my eyelid and it is swollen and red. Should I go to the eye doctor? I am suffering from sleep disorders for the past 1 year, having bags/dark circles, breakouts on skin, what to do? our 15 month old is having her tear duct probed. Only one eye weeps, but the Dr says that both eyes should be done? what causes frequent involuntary nose and eye twitching Child on concerta. pupils dilated, eyes glassy, Good appetite before the pill - none after. Has lost 7 lbs in 10 days. What does it mean when your eyes hurt and then it causes pain to your head? This happenes to me very often. is swelling common with shingles in the area around the eye? could my eyes seeing silver have anything to do with burning toes? they seem to come at same time what do i do if my eye keep hurting me after i accidentally placed some nail fungus medication? I was checking my husband's testicles and I felt a peanut size lump above his left testicle not sure if we should worry? I am experiencing pain in my back, all over body weakness, lack of appetite and I noticed my eyes are a yellowish color. My son's symptoms started like a cold (runny nose and a slight temp) but now has pus draining from his blood shot eyes. Do i have a sinus infection i have blood in my snot when i blow my nose?(mornings)slight pain in eyes certain directions My 2 year old daughter keeps coughing to the point where she vommiting but not running a fever is that normal?  is it ok to take gentamicin eye drops with tylenol? Hello I've had a mark on my face below my eye for years and have never been able to identify it, i have pictures to post How can I stop my nose from running when at work due to a bad work environment from a poor/dirty ventilation system?  An attack of dizziness caused hubby to shut his eyes and bed rest for 24 hours to recover. what damages can sperm do to eyes Doc perscribed Neosporin for minor eye infection though labelling says not to use in eyes. What ingredient poses risk?  fell and got a cut right over my eye, my eye has blood in it what should I do My right eye is in pain and is constantly leaking. What could be the cause? There is no redness. My 72 yr old dad has two issues. Nose bleeds, and blood vessels in his eye has burst. Both on left side of his face. rheumatoid factor; H. pylori igg; RH type I saw eye dr regarding another problem and he said I have asymptomatic macular degeneration. Should I get 2nd opinion?  what does eye mucus mean in a 6 month old baby???  I have a bad cold. Is it safe to swim?? Our 3.5 year-old daughter has a, "unibrow." Is waxing recommended? I have shingles and the rash is on my left buttock and also on my left labia. Is this an uncommon area for this? :( im concerned about my nephew 3yrs i believe he is autistic but his mom ignores my concern what should i do to help him I have a fluid bulb on the outside of my right eye. The eye hurts and my vision is blurry my brother fell on his eye and his eye lid ripped off. What are the risks? I cant get him to go to the doctor Is blood shot eyes an indication of a problem after doing exercise? I have a white bump on my eye lid that just appeared overnight what is it and how do I get rid of it? I DON'T HAVE ANY MEDICAL INSURANCE. IS THERE A CHEAP QUICK TEST THAT I CAN TAKE TO DETERMINE IF THIS IS MY PROBLEM? severe corneal abrasion a week ago now have dry eye bad eye lid pulled eye when opening it. Vision is still blurry Are there conditions that make you feel like you passed out even if you didn't? This is day 5 of my illness with no improvement. I've lost five pounds in 4 days. What should I do? Bleach was put in my eyes over a year and a half ago. My eyes still burn. Is there anything that can be done for them. Why do have strange episodes of extreme deja vu? I get dizzy, my eyes twitch, it last a minute, and its pretty scary What is it called when you have a small painful bump on your eyeball? i recently noticed a red streak in the white of one of my eyes recent trauma occured 5 days ago. what should i do? My Chihuahua has a discharge from her eyes. It's a dark color..like a brown. Only on her left eye. Should I be worried? I just noticed a red ball of tissue on my dog's eye ball. It doesn't touch the eye lid or tear duct.  My son is seven years old. A month and a half ago he started blinking excessively. Over time it has just worsened. why does our eye color change when we are dying Experiencing puss, swollen eyelids,eyeballs, and face.My eyes turned bloody and now im losing my vision and seeing spots Hot grease splashed into eye. Puss coming out next morning. Suggestions ? I have a small bump under my eye above the jaw line and some puffiness under the eye that is causing mild pain.any Idea? Can a prescribed steroid to eliminate a cough damage the pancreas and cause related symptoms? my grand daughters eye is swelled and puffy from falling on log what should i do for it? I scratched my eye (no pain, but blurry vision). My eye is slightly red and not discharging anything nor is it puffy But it is VERY sore Nothing has hit it. whats wrong? I've been taking Claritin D for the past 2 weeks for my seasonal allergies and it's not working. What should I do? my eyes are red burning sensation and there swollen and red. tryed allerga with no help? what causes whitish colored ova in stools that can be seen with the naked eye 10 yr. old son--blood-shot eye (right eye on outside) for almost 3 weeks. No other issues. Is it time to see the doctor? what is the purpose of your eyes in past 2 weeks I have been having problems keeping my balance 24/7 i feel like im in daze.any idea whats wrong with me? I have eye pain and redness but no drainage. What is this? I feel tired every day around 2 to 4 pm so tired i cant keep my eyes open what could be wrong? Fell down steps and landed on my ankle. Didn't hit head but had vision disturbances (seeing white) for a few minutes I have a fever, headache (past two days), lightheaded, I am constently hungry and thirsty, nightsweets, dizzy how long after the start of treatment for pink eye am i able to get into the community pool or beach? I have not had ear wax for several years, yet I have constant sinus problems and pressure in my ears, what should I do? I had lasik surgery 8 yrs ago and my eye doctor said that when you turn 40 you will still need to wear reading glasses allergic reaction treated with benadryl, epinephrine and prednisone is still persisting. serious hives and throat closi I want to get a second opinion for a vision perscription. Do I return to the same office or go to a different office? Should I go to ER, or seek further medical attention 88-year old woman;congestive heart failure, low kidney function. no known allergies.eyes are so swollen can't see out? What kind of treatments or tests are out there for vertigo? I have had vertigo since I was 10. Nothing has helped. I have itchy bumps on skin and itchy eyes in the summer. What could this be? One side of the mouth drooping and it is getting worse. Eye also droops. Is this a womens health concern I have a large amount of blackheads on my eyelid and under my eye. It's a build up. Are there creams I can use ? Is it normal to feel ear drops drain to your eye?  my eyes burn and water when i shut them and when im standing in the sun and the only way to relive them is to stand pain in the left eye socket and left side of face indluding ear. You can see the left eye is becoming blood red  Can amoxicillin treat pink eye? both my niece and daughter are having a seizure like episode where there hands and feet curl. My daughter 'zones out' for 5-20 seconds, often her eyes zone or sometimes roll and she has no clue what happened during Pinkeye metal splinter in eye. must i go to er now or can i wait until morning to see my doctor to be removed After throwing up repeadidly the whites of my eyes are bloddy and yellow. do i need eye glasses what kind of specialist should i see for scratches on the eye due to pink eye concern re: son stares with eyes wide, sometimes looks sideways while staring intently at things. should i worry? 5yo I start having head pressures that last about 2-4min. I am 39, had breast cancer last year. My periods never came back. how to treat allergic realtion to hair dye ? for 20 min everything was blury and spinning in my head. I was staggering trying to walk. any help? Can u get a staph infection in the eye? Severe headache after head bath. ExpertAdvice is much required What can be done for Seborrheic dermatitis around the eyes? Age 44, Female - Eye Dr says my Corneas are pale. What does that mean and what could be the consequenses as I age? change eye color What is happening to my scar? I am training in law enforcement and they spray pepper spray in eyes. What can I do after? When should I be concerned?  My daughter had a shunt put in to drain the ventricles in the brain. She came home yesterday, today her eye is swollen 3 month old infant has dry crusty mucus around his eyes when he wakes in the morning. Should he see a doctor? I have Strabismus and was wondering if L.A Care can pay for my eye surgery? Can I stop taking predisone if I only took 60 mg for one day ? Do eating raisins good for heart? I have a droopy eyelid. I'm only 17 and the eye doc can't seem to find anything wrong.  Can hemorrhoid cream be used to get ride of your bags under your eyes? 8 month old falls hits head cries, then acts sleepy eyes rollin limp, not responsive, rigid, 3rd time stopped breathing? being in the sun makes me feel feverish, I'm fair skinned, but light brown hair, very dark eyes 56 yrs old, for years my eyes are dry they squeak when I rub them and feel like sand is in them when I blink  Does exposure to fumes from propane and tar for more than 8 hours cause headaches, sore throat, coughing, and sore eyes? do eye doctors use tweezers to remove hairs that are embedded underneath your cornea my eyes almost feel like they are straining? Does prednisolone cause puffiness around the eyes and face after taking for cataract surgery is chloride bad for the eyes severe eye pain in the eyeball. eye doctors can not find anything. sharp pain jerks me back? i've using an eyeglasses almost a year..my eyes are yellowish and i had headache several days already. My dog has befriended a stray kitten who appears to be sick (discharge from eyes and nose). Can my dog catch a disease? I am Deepika suffering from fever for 3 days.high temperature only at nights.urine in yellow,eye in red, bodypains cold sore  Do most people get infected by the common cold when touching the nose, when touching the eyes, or breathing in droplets? Do I have pink eye or just an eye irritation? my wife can't get rid of hives Cannot move the right side of my mouth or cheek. I have been able to close my eye though. Is this Bell's Pasly who do i see for an annual eye exam, optamologist ot optomatrist? Brain Tumor I have been having a little head aches , then pain in the eyes and body , weakness, and i cant get an erection ? Why are my eyes red when i wake up? As the day go's on why are they yellow. Do you wake up or open your eyes first in the morning? well i got nail polish remover in my eye it burned slightly for a few seconds and will it effect my vision ? My five year old daughter has only 20% eye sight only on her right eye.Do we have any treatment for this? one eye went blind today for 1 to 2 min.. should i call doc asap What kind of dr. Can I see for herpes in my eye dermatologist. Infectious disease.gynecologist.  my eyes are red, watery and burning. what can I do to cure that? I have a subconjunctival hemorage in my eye, is it ok to travel on an airplane? What do I need to give my 3 year old toddler for runny nose, watery eyes and slight headache? can your eyes explode from extreme heat How long after receiving antibiotic eye drops is one still contagious? Can ciprodex otic be used in the eye? Lights, colors and squiggly lines when I close eyes, preventing sleep -in a dark room. What causes this? Laser surgery for glacoma does sitting too close to the tv hurt your eyes? I just had a ton of blood come out of my eye when I blew my nose. feels like there's something in my eye but there isn't and it makes my nose run but stuff at the same time Can accupuncture relieve eye pain? My right nasal passage had a cold sore. Now my right eye is red. I have no discharge or sleepers in my eye but the redne Can herbal eye drops lighten the color of your eyes? If not, then what will besides contacts? I am having trouble putting ointment in my eye for pink, not as easy as drops. Help please. what causes hives in a 12 year old boy and it is not food allergies? is your house making you sick my eye wont open its swollen when i put a warm compress my eye gave offred like blood and sticky white stuff what to do Lately, I have been suffering from blurred vision after spending long hours at my computer. What causes this? Is it okay to take 2 800mg ibuprofen with a benadryl? can you catch sepsis if urine is splashed in your eye from someone with urosepsis What is eczema of the eyeball? will numbing eye drops show up as cocaine in a drug screen? can natral pure honey change your eye color? what is healthy weight for 55" tall 8 year old girl Is transmission of HSV-2 possible through ejaculating in the mouth or eyes? eye swelling daily ,when pink part turns red and white part of eye swells green discarge in morning  My eyes buldge due to a thyroid disorder. Is there a corrective procedure to get them back to 'normal'?  I have been diagnosed with pvd of the eye. Should I see a retinologist? Stood up after sitting in bed after drinking coffee and eye sight went black/felt like I was gonna faint/feet was numb  I want to know if i can have lazic on my eyes. I keep getting blood spots on the white part of my eye. It has been going on for over a month now. They won't go away. I have glasses for distance and now all of a sudden I can see distance but things close are blurry. Should I be worried On antibiotics for 48 hours for fever + drainage. Is it ok to also take Advil for a headache? Do TV/Videogames make your eyes ache? What could cause blurred vision and sensitivity to light in one eye right after having a bowel movement? Had allergy tests done, not allergic. Sinus drainage in the back of my throat and my eyes, nose are itchy. not sure wha will cephalexin clear up pink eye? I am very sick and i would like to know why do my eyes burn when i am sick? What does it mean when eyes burn, feel like I have to close them all the time and I don't feel rested without 10+ sleep? Seeing tracers, floaters, and having dizzy spells, headaches Haemorrhage in eye - possible causes? can high blood pressure cause broken vessels in the eye Taking blood thinners. Could this be the reason for severe bleeding in the eye and should I call the md I pulled the left side of my neck while working out.My peripheral vision in my right eye has been effected. This normal? I have a small piece of broken glass stuck in my eyelid how do I get it out I did a minor surgery for stye (eye) while on Accutane. Is it ok to do this type of surgery while on Accutane? Can I use expired prescription eye medications for the treatment of pink eye? why do I sometimes cry during an orgasm can takeing antibiotics for 3 months straight for eye infection cause thyroid issues like blurred vision Can you get a hernia from sex My son sees gray in his right eye, peripheral vision. Happened twice since new year. Lasts 2-3 minutes. He's 17 yrs old Which OTC allergy medicine can be taken with Singulair? The technician checked my IOP which was different from what doctor said can the two machines give different reading. Can wine trigger eye floaters My 4 1/2 month Old is batteling allergies. What can I give her? Pinkeye Is there a swelling under the eyes? can levothyroxine cause the eyes to blur My eyes have been bothering me for a few year now, maybe cause of "ghost" floaters? Can panic attacks cause hallucinations?  can an adult do anything to improve amblyopia? Why am I waking up with pain in my left eye Can Pinkeye cause a fever? Why can't my 6 yr old open his eyes outside in the sun? Got bitten on my left ear and now mt left side of the face is paralyzed and my right eye twiches, what bit me? Why is my eye red but seems non infectuous? I was shot in my left eye with an bb gun at age 13 and I am blind in it. Can you help me to regime my sight. Hi. I think I have accomodative esotropia. I have had it since childhood. I am 25. Can it be cured? What causes the eye to jump (throbbing)? What is my eye color?  Can honey make your eye get lighter and what are the side effects ?  i have a tooth absess that is swelling into my eye what sould i do Why is there a white ring around the color part of my eye? my dog has a grey-green discharge from his eye,especially after waking up from sleep.should i be worried? i have pain in my eyebrow side above right eye from two to three days. my nose is always blocked.what's my problem. Eye trauma..( been more than 2 years) and I still have a sensativity to light and early morning pain I have blood in the eye along with a bruise and slight swelling. I woke up two days ago with this. Blood in eye with bruising and slight swelling. Woke up 2 days ago with this. Now having headache.See a Dr or let it be? I have had my last period on 15th April. Had unprotected sex on 5th very early morning. Have I conceived? Blurred vision in one eye first thing in morning, which usually clears after about an hour What to expect? What should we do? can lumps from cholesterol be removed? 4 year old got 4 astigmatism in right eye. Will it cure. My husbands brother has albinism with macular degeneration. I have headaches, mild fever, horrible cough, nasal congestion, body aches (towards the upper bod). What do I have? eye stye, I am using warm compresses and a green tea bag for 2 day it seems to be getting better,  Does Plavix break up plaque? How seriously shoud I take a peck to the eye? I am a male and i am constantly having eyelashes fall into my eye. What can I do to prevent this from happeneing? Is Evening Primrose Oil good for the female body? My nose swelled up and began bruising, when will the swelling go down? Does reading in the dark hurt your eyes? Hallucenations while sleeping and sleep walking at 21 years old? I take narcotics at night causing my eyes to be halfway open the next day. What product is safer to use than Visine? How can I shrink under-eye bags caused by a retinol-based face lotion? can a concussion cause vestibular migraines?  I have had an artificial eye for around 30 years. I would like to know if there are any options for an eye transplant. My doctor doesn't return calls Dad 89 having double vision Swollen upper eyelid on the right side of my right eye. No itching, burning, discharge, redness. Its just swollen.  can amoxicillin cause pink eye? if so or not, what can i do to get rid of the pink eye asap. A bad taste in mouth Is depression withdrawal symptoms danger What causes eye pressure? What do I do if my eye is red, swollen, mucus filled, painful, and blurry? do cats cry? The cysts was lanced open to drain on its own but now longer drains. What should be done. i have a blurred vision in left eye when seeing the distant objects but can see clearly the nearer objects Can I get hepatitis b if patients saliva gets splashed in my eyes during Ultrasonic Teeth cleaning ? My eye started bother me today like if I have somehting in my eye but I dont see anything, the eye drops didnt work. Will a scratch on my pupil heal by itself? Can a stye show up over night looking like a pimple w a head on it?  Should I worry that when I put ear drops or baby oil in my son's right ear that it comes out the corners of his eyes? What if is it still draining after 4 months and 3 different scripts from 3 diff doctors? Headaches for a week. And three days ago my right eye vision became blurry. My headaches are always on my right side.  How to treat bad acid reflux? DOES GLAUCOMA EFFECT PREGNANCY? bee sting under eye and eye is swollen shut. what do i do My vision is blurry even when glasses some days and better on others. I have astigmatisim and bifocals. Possible causes how long does it take eyes to adjust to a new prescription? i'm having migraines with a lot more frequency than usual. My son is allergic to amoxicillin. Can he use antibiotic eye drops? can oversweating and salt in the eyes cause dry eye? Is swelling in face and hands normal during pregnancy? 6yr old yesterday fell headfirst has bump on forehead this morning her eye is swollen/purple should i go to er? What causes redness around rim of eyes --not in eyes, just around rim? Can the pooled blood in the eyelid of a black eye be drained? Hello. On Friday night my left eye started seeing a flash, like a spark. I see it only at night. Can we use castor oil for dry eyes? Headache post op for detaced retina, how long will this last?  When my boyfriend and I have sex he sometimes passes out while in the middle of intercourse, should I be worried? My cat's eye is completely shut. Also, I notice a large mass developing above her same eye. What is happening? sudden blured vision both eyes last about 10 min. does not happen often Posion ivy on my genitals? I hope Why does it fill like there ie something crawling on and around my eyes. I may have a stye one 1 eye. My left eye feels heavy since yesterday, and today I am feeling light headed and having nausea.  can cancer treatment cause eye floaters?  can eye floaters be linked to cancer? Right eye vision got dark then small lights started shooting around then vision came back in 10 seconds. What was this? my son is 44.25in. hehas two older broters who were much taller is there a posibilty of dwarfism? my skin is getting darker in the area between my eyes, ears and temples on both sides of my face. anyone knows why? Do I need to go to emergency room for eye? HELP Is it Pinkeye or not? What makes your eye lashes and eye brows fall out? What is an altenative to tylenol Having trouble still when in night i shut eyes and think something negative i feel giddiness After chemo a year ago now yellow in eyes After on antibiotics for 24 hours to treat pinkeye in one eye, if then get pinkeye in other eye is one contagious again? my two yr old is showing lazy eye or crossed features in his right eye. Anything i can do to help fix?  husband works night shift, just came home at 3 am c/o floaters in right eye in his line of vision. Should he go ER now? How dangerous is Botox when used to treat lazy eye at 7.5 International Units? What is the risk of anaphalaxis? I lost my eyelashes as a child due to an infection. Since they grew back, they've been growing too long. How come? Dizziness and head spinning...now I notice a blood spot in my right eye Is it possible for my cat to get pinkeye from me? We both have one eye that has discharge and irritation. can an asthma attack cause petechiae of the eye Constant headaches, Watering eyes, I sweat a lot in my sleep, Also very sluggish, coughing Why am I still in pain 2 years after surgery? I have hair loss and more and more my eyes are getting yellow, weight gain and just generally feel sluggish.  When you have high eye pressure (23 one eye 29 the other) are other treatments normally tried before laser? 