What are the effects of suicide on family and friends? What should family and friends keep in mind when someone has breast cancer? I want to create an emergency kit for our family, what should be in it, and how often should I replace the items? If there is a person in your family who has H1N1 virus, how long should we as a family stay quarantined? What are some ways I can cut back on my family's salt intake? After seven years with my girlfriend, I love her but don't share her dreams of marriage and a family. Should I move out? Is oxybutynin in the family with diazepam?  How can I encourage my family to eat fruit? Our son will be 25 in November. Is he eligible for our family health plan even though he is not currently in school? Do people exposed to someone with whooping cough need to take preventive antibiotics or get vaccine boosters? I cant breastfeed because of medications Im taking. Is it safe to accept frozen breast milk from a family member? I heard that on my mothers side of the family there are people who get their adult teeth twice. Can this be true? We are spending a weekend with family members who have just recovered from colds. Are they still contagious? Many women in my family have facial hair on their chins and jaw. I have dark marks from shaving. What do you suggest? I served in the Navy and now have panic disorder. My family does not believe in mental illness. Are they right? Do I have to meet the family deductible before my health insurance starts paying anything? What does it mean if your thyroglobin AB are very high but all the others are normal? And how does that affect the body? i keep getting negative results with pregnancy tests both blood and urine, i still think i am pregnant what do i do? Query about taking statins how can i eat so much, be completely inactive, and still lose weight? Waking up screaming in the mornings. Is it safe to take Thyroid Support by Natra Bio? it works for the reasons i took it, but it IS self prescribed. I have all the symptoms of hypothyrodisim and it runs in my family but I also have very tender breasts. Is that normal? i have had chest pains for 4 months, for last 2 weeks pain in top of left arm Is my daughter's viral pharyngitis contagious? Can warts from a childs hand be passed on to my animals.  I have arthritis. Would it be better for me to move from CT to VA. Not willing to move West, lots of family in the NEast What birth control would be right for me?  i have a clear odorless discharge every time i wipe from urinating. no other symptoms. What could this be? what are the symtoms for diabetes, I'm white,over weight and both sides of my family have it,too many to count. how can i prevent passing gastroenteritus to my family members in my household? My HgbA1c is 9.1, FBS is 92. Is this indicative of diabetes? For a 6'5" male age 45 @ 210 lbs, should the consumption of 5-7 beers per evening be cause for concern?  how do approach my fiance about his negative attitude about the holidays? I suspect AAA might be causing my abdominal pain. Should I see my long time cardiologist or family Dr about my symptoms? im 16 weeks pregnant.. yesterday i started spotting after having sex.its lightened up alot and i think i can still feel  my sons' left testicle seems to disappeared-his family DR. couldn't find it and it was there last year-he is 9 years old DOES LOU GEHRIG DISEASE CAUSE LOW TESTORONE LEVELS Are triglycerides affected by non alcoholic wine ? how can i get my child to stop lying and stealing My eyes can't really focus on anything I'm looking at. My brain seems foggy.Should I see a family Dr. or Eye Dr?Or wait? how to deal with agresiveness of family member with depression if herion is being used and they are always itching can that cause the person to get scabies ? What are the negative effects of overeating carbohydrates? My Uncle is showing signs of Dementia. How can we get around HIPPA and get him the help he needs? He has no Proxy my husband and I do not have asthma could our child be at risk for asthma, if my family has a history of the disease? what do i do when my anxiety causes me mental and physical pain? Will flu symptoms be less severe after getting a flu vacciene, even though the strain that broke out wasn't covered? once your exposed to hepatitis does the virus stay with you forever or can u be hepatitis free?...... I'm not sure if i have blood in my poop, but i do know when i push it out and wipe i start to bleed enough to worry. 66 M needs to find a new doctor. Would you suggest family practice, cardiologist, or internal medicine? migraine chronic I am asking for direction to expert help as clinic/specilist that I can contact past the neurologist  Why did his hair grow back white? My adult son has a long term heroin addiction, he doesn't think he needs help, and it's causing severe family problems. I think I have an eating disorder. How do I tell my family and where do I go from here? What is it when someone lies yet believes they are telling the truth? my GF get really scared when we talk about marriage or decide to make step forward,she had a bad exp before what to do Does a family history of breast cancer increase the risk of cervical cancer with HPV pos pap results? What should you do when your pcp puts you off? my night sweats wake me out of a sound sleep what's my problem and can it be taken care of by my doctor Can you catch the stomach bug twice? is cancer contagious I saw eye dr regarding another problem and he said I have asymptomatic macular degeneration. Should I get 2nd opinion?  I am having surgery Monday morning, and my whole family is sick with a cold. What can I take to keep from getting sick? im concerned about my nephew 3yrs i believe he is autistic but his mom ignores my concern what should i do to help him I think I have frenulum breve and my foreskin won't pull back. Can I get circumcised without telling family? I'm 23... DO I HAVE OSTEOARTHRITIS?  I am a 40 year old woman with a wonderful family but yet I feel sad and anxious and I get angry so quickly. Help! Is the reason why I can't lose weight and keep it off because of my family history of obesity? I have a family history of stoke due to birth control.With extreme period sympts, I want to take another form to help? My mother is in the hospital with pneumonia. My son also has it and been on Antibiotics for 4 days. Can he visit her? Does Welchol increase the risk for Alzheimer's? i have a temp of 96.9 when it is usually is around 98.6. Should I be worried? What if I have been to the Doctors and the RXs have not helped?Chronic constipation can be relieved how? Expert advice needed for Anger and depression for saving marriage i have and enlarged spleen and the pain is worse then ever should i go to hospital? why would a doctor induce a coma in a stage four lung cancer patient My mom is having sleep problems Does minocycline affect your basal body temperature? Is it safe to be pregnant or raise a newborn 500feet from highways? Im 43 years old and have short term memory loss and I'm loosing my words. do i have alzheimers? i wore a combat helmet too much in afghanistan my hair is thinning, will it grow back or what can i do to help What NSAIDs are safe for hypertension? severe sweating, explosions of anger,diabetes in the family,pot use, depression, how to help? is this diabetes? Can biofeedback detect if I am on birth control pills (Lutera)? I'm taking meds for high cholesterol. My father died of prostrate cancer. My testosterone is below normal. What can I do Is 14 days too long to wait to have Stage II Melanoma surgically removed? how long after the start of treatment for pink eye am i able to get into the community pool or beach? I missed my period took a pregnancy test and it is negative?  prostate cancer, if you tested positive for cancer via biopsy, gleason score of 6, shouldnt you see an oncologist? breast exams i sometimes feel severe fear and any noise or movement around me makes it worst. another question Is is safe to drink even a glass of wine while on antidepressants and then drive? Can someone spread genital herpes by sharing a soap with family members either in the shower or sink? I think I need medication to quit drinking,I'm worried,and what if I don't have insurace? Are there programs to help me? how contagious is herpes 1 and 2 to other family members? does lipitor cause pancreatic cancer should i see my family dr or a urologists for a diagnosis of Peyronie's Disease? Do air purifiers help with cat dander? Which ones are the best? I am a 55 year old woman, not menopausal, not overly stressed. I am biploar. What is causing increased forgetfullnes Depo shot, lithium, prozac, seroquel are what I take. Want to start family with hubby. Need Advice. prescriptions being stolen, most likely family members.How should this be handled? I have Strabismus and was wondering if L.A Care can pay for my eye surgery? is neomycin a penicillian form antibiotic? Diagnosed with Celiac disease but not given any care. What is my next step? What could be the cause of child's consistent stinky farts? under the Affordable Care Act do i give up any rights Is hydromet oral the same thing as cheratussin AC? Are these symptoms signs of depression or laziness? My Period only last 36-48 hours, which is my norm. Is that why i've had 2 yrs of no luck getting pregnant? Can I use the same mattress for more than one child? I have the single transverse palmar crease on one hand, does that mean I carry the downsyndrome gene even if I am not DS What is the difference between family practice and general practice? I am eligible for Medicaid. Can I drop the insurance offered by my employer and just have Medicaid?  can i be contagious with chicken pox and not have them? How contagious is 'Mumps' if you've had your MMR vaccination? is 'softening of the soles of the feet, a sign of death Why is hair coming off on my hands while shampooing? How long should I wait before bringing my 11 yr old with flu symptoms to our family dr? It has been 8 days. Could my girlfriend be infertile can I take mucinex with tamiflu? What does eGFR indicate? Is 52 something to worry about? Should I see my family practictioner or my dentist to have a small salivary stone removed? Is it possible someone of my family get pregnant from sperm on toilet seat/bathroom? I'm the only family member who got a flu shot, and I have the flu and they don't. What could explain this? without a uterus how do they screen for ovarian cancer, my family has a lot of cancer in its history? Do I need to see a fertility doctor? does obamacare require a separate dental insurance for families with children? Do vitamins help boost a toddler's appetite? what is pellagra? foods to bring down your blood sugar naturally. is it normal for an 18 year old to want a baby? is it a hormonal thing? My husband's grandma is a twin. I have 4 children, and we are considering having our first baby together.  I had black diarrhea last p.m. now tarry. Light headed and short of breath when standing, d face gets pale, I have recently noticed hair thinning (24 year old male). i think its due to poor diet/sleep. How long til it grows back can excessive drinking cause signs of glaucome? I suspect that i have bed bugs. My family does not have any symtoms. Could i be the only one geting bit? Is there any benefit to taking a handful of asprin for chest pains? EKG was normal and the nitroglycerin did not help. What is the recommended age to move a baby into their own room? My daughter is 18, skinny, and has a terrible family health history. What are the side effects of her using Herbalife? Healthcare reform. I make too little to qualify at marketplace and too much to qualify for medicaid. What now? can a blood test determine if I have had a stroke or seizure? friend had swelling on the brain and was on ventilator but breathing over it wondering if family removed to soon i do have a sprained ankle (845.00) what dose that mean? Why won't my 5 year old son eat with his classmates at school? The technician checked my IOP which was different from what doctor said can the two machines give different reading. Major surgery whilst depressed. Is it ok to do - is recovery time affected?  postpartum depression?? Maybe? I'm a 21 year old Male. I've recently found a small sized lump near my armpit, could it be cancer? difference between a family / general physician Can a severe anxiety/ panic attack affect your speech for a short period of time. When I talk my speech is off.  I am a 73 year old female I was just diagnosed with Gentile Herpis I have not been sexually active for over 25 years what can cause a white blood cell count to be high Is metronidazole in the penicillin family? alcoholic vomiting 3 to 5 times daily, family history of cancer Why am I 19 and still haven't had a period?! Hi. I think I have accomodative esotropia. I have had it since childhood. I am 25. Can it be cured? i cant get pregnant My 23 mth old has had a swollen lymp node on the backside of his neck for almost 5 months, his Dr. won't run test. how many people in the US belong to a single-parent family? My mom is 75 and is hearing things like running water when there isn't any and gets agitated and not sleeping help Dark blood in stool,I have thick stools of large diameter. Do I have a serious problem? Female age 54 Need mamogram colonoscopy pap smear etc.Should I start with a family physician? What anti-depressants are known to have the side effect of Restless Leg Syndrome?  Xanax withdrawals - bad - how to cope or help with them I've overcome a severe depression 2 years ago. Is it possible that I'm somehow twistedly attracted to it?  What causes eye pressure? I have Gest.Diabetes Im 24wks with twin my A1C 6.3 and my fasting labs are over 140 range to confirm so Am I Gest.? will a mosquito transmit lyme, even after medication was taken? Worried dad is having TIA or mini-strokes. When seen at ER they had trouble finding vein for IV. Can this be a symptom? Why do I have an American accent, when I am a born and bred British person? how will i know am infertile 30yr old female n unmarried,have androgenic alopecia.tried 10%minoxidil..cn oral spironolactone help? SHOULD I GO TO THE HOSPITAL??? Plz help!! how does mono affect your immune system? Having Sore Throat from past 1 years.  My husband often has blood in his stool. What type of specialist should he see? 13y/o g/dtr taking Focalin 1 1/2yr. Recently has high sex desire, caught talking about it on phone. Could it be Rx how to handle 89 year old mother who is having visual hallucinations.lives with my family.only "sees and hears" at night could a 20+yr addiction to benzodiazepines be (vaguely) looked at as medically similar to a 20+yr addiction to alcohol? Healthy 40 yr old female recent blood test show platelet count of 564. last year count was 477. Should I be worried? can an ultrasonography detect a past abortion A relative was diagnosed with MBPS after poisoning her child. now she is taking care of her elderly mother. is shesafe? I am having ED, wherein i get erection before intercourse, but midway its gone. I am 37, taking tablets for BP and heart My grandma got Polio at age 5, now at 60 her arm muscles are dead and she has no use of her arms, can she get them back? Is Tart Cherry Juice effective in treating back pain? My doctor had me do a pill cam endoscopy. After looking at the pictures, he said my stomach was enlarged. Is this bad? Since these two drugs are from the same family What do I do next? How dangerous is Botox when used to treat lazy eye at 7.5 International Units? What is the risk of anaphalaxis? how can I be hypoglycemic if diabetes is not hereditary in my family? IS 6 WEEKS TOO EARLY TO TELL MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY THAT IM PREGNANT? 