Im scared of getting breast cancer from hormone replacement therapy. I'm scared of the dentist. Do you have any suggestions?  How can I get over my fear of anesthesia? I am a 6'3'', 20- year-old male at 175 pounds and want to lose fat and weight. But how do I overcome my fear of food? I have a fear of the dentist. What do you suggest I do to calm my anxiety?  what should u do if u cut or scrape the inside of the penis or urethra during rough sex there is some pain bleeding  The tip of my left hand thumb has been numbish for 2 days, can you explain what could be causing it? How can you remove a condom that could possibly be stuck inside your buttocks? Waking up screaming in the mornings. I am on birth control on the third pill of the last row was wondering should I/Can I take 2 of a new packet to be safe? STD / HIV risks? Low platelets, doctor want to take spleen out. Is there an alternative? Steroids are not working. My lipase levels are 90; outside the normal reference range for Quest Diagnostics. How concerned need I be? Am I pregnant? what is the safes way to clean your kids ears out with out them getting scared or freaking out Serious question about a nicotine overdose. How do I talk to my fiance about having herpes? Also how can I be sure not to give it to him once were married? my husband had a heart attack at home and I have a lot of fear it will happen again, is ptsd causing this fear?  I keep seeing blood red in my eyes.This time,the blood red filled my ees then it turned pitch black halfway up my vision Are there health risks if there is a piece of graphite pencil stuck in my hand? I'm 16, and I eat a lot. I've gone from 113lbs to 99lbs in less than a week. what's wrong with me?  Are there physical symptoms for overwhelming guilt? having dreams about unrinating and actually urinate in my sleep. Scared to fall asleep and have an accident, I am 28. i'm bleeding a little bit and i just had my period 2 weeks ago....what does that mean? What can I say to a friend while she is having an anxiety attack? What do i do with the lump on my breast and i am a 14 year old? small white bumps on the bottom sides of my penis shaft? Is it normal to be scared to have sex? I have not had my period and i am 18 years old. Is there something with me or am I late? what causes breast size difference, and can it be corrected without surgery? 1 1/2 difference in cup size. sleeping pills for traveling fear? of needles for long as I can remember. I have not had blood draw in 27 years. I can't overcome this fear. Im 19, my penis is under 5inch when erect. Is this normal? HELP i'm scared to have sexual intercourse. Length of weakness from flu ive been taking adhd stimulants ever since i was little. i am 16 and im scared the adderall with stunt penis growth!Help help! How do I safely stop taking simvastatin (10 mg)? Blisters in my underarm area I took HIV western blot test. the result is negative do i have the risk HIV Can a child spread warts from their fingers to their mouth? Have Bipolar disorder, maybe schizoaffective disorder. Had 9 dissociative episodes today. When should I go into an ER? once your exposed to hepatitis does the virus stay with you forever or can u be hepatitis free?...... Can you get pregnant through clothing? pregnancy? or just going crazy? I went to an ENT who put the thing used to look inside my ears too deeply inside them and they still hurt 3 days later. unknown sexual partner(from rape). result: sore in vaginal area, swollen, sick, fever, cold sore- not confirmed.  I think so ive functional dyspepsia , wht shud i do ?? do i require endoscopy ?? im scard Are there techniques to help panic attacks, or maybe an at home supplement? Please help me.  pain is almost unbarable arms hurt so bad , but realy deep ache I have been tested for lymes but fear I still have it ? Taking xanax after 2 ibuprofen an hour ago? Can I fly less than 24hrs after getting breast implants without fear of them rupturing? i had a protected sex and my condom was intact after sex but she applied some hand lotion on condom,will it cause hiv I think I have an eating disorder. How do I tell my family and where do I go from here? my GF get really scared when we talk about marriage or decide to make step forward,she had a bad exp before what to do I have been urinating every 15 minutes for the past 18 hours, Its clear and odorless. Am I in danger? Why is my 4 yr old afraid of all loud noises? Is it normal for a type1 diab lose there mind, go out and wonder with no idea. Forget things and dose off. Boyfriend brought up sex and I'm kinda scared. Is it possible to get constipated because your body produces too much feces? Is there is a disease that causes this? Obsessive thoughts and anxiety. Please help me? I have a papercut feeling on the outside upper part of my vagina. it also itches. what is it Can I transmit HPV to my boyfriend through oral sex? Can cosmetic ingredients absorb through skin? Does lemon juice really help to prevent catching a stomach virus/help relieve or kill the virus? will testocerone treatments enlarge my penis? Need a vasovagal syncope doctor in Los Angeles ASAP. BY 3/29/13 after getting a cold i took dayquill then a hour lator nosebleed two days later started crying and blook came out fast Is abortion safe at 22 weeks into pregnancy? Ive been on depo for 6 mnths now an after reciving my last shot I got sick What does this mean? Small Hallucinations and Hearing sounds (footsteps, door opening, sometimes I hear my name, sometimes just random words) havent got my period in 2 weeks, what may be wrong? experiencing heavy menstral bleeding with many large blood clots. should i go to the hospital? Neck pain, left arm pain, hot flashes that make me sick to my stomach what's wrong with me I'm scared. Can melanoma spread after being cut? what happen to my vagina? at times I feel light headed, jittery, shakes, tingely all over, cold sweats Lump on my anus? I am scared about effects of first time cocaine use. How long after using it could I have a heart atack?  Fear of taking blood pressure im having mild pains in my ab its been going on a week. im taken cirpo for a baterical infection could this be the cause What happens if I stop taking suppressive Acyclovir? I am on the pill and a condom was used. Pregnant? I have extremely untollerable pain, that gets worse (for years), with each menses. Any ideas why? Getting unbearable. :( Can this fingering get her pregnant? Wierd red line on arm I am around 8-10 weeks pregnant. I felt movement in my right side still feel pressure near my right rib. What is this? can we get hiv from close mouth kising if the girl has a sore on her lips and might be bleeding or blood is present? Can you contract HIV from fingering a girl who is? I have an addict friend that refuses to go to er for fear of being reported. She plugged Opana er and her arm hurts,help vaginal odor for the past 4 months I have a red bump on the shaft of my penis. I'm scared it might be herpes as I have recently had sex with a new partner i have this bump around my groin and it kind of freaked me out a little bit i need help My in law has cancer and doing chemo.Her Red blood cell count is low. They want to use procrit. Is there another way? my sister fell but didnt hit her head but dosent reamber anyhting and when she sleeps her memorys are gone again My 2 years old drink lots of water, he also pees a lot. Is this bad for him?  Could i be preganant with two negative pregnancy test results? I'm very scared right now. I just woke up from the absolute weirdest and most physically intense dream I've ever had. i sometimes feel severe fear and any noise or movement around me makes it worst. Help please! Im 17 and my penis is about 5 inches when erect. Im scared to have sex. Please help I feel like i need to go to the toilet but i can't...? Nasal drainage, nose passage clogged Can i get someone pregnant from touching her even after hand sanitizer? After 7 months of Antibs I now have pussing, painful lumps that scab and spread, on scalp. Is Cipro safe with MS ? What could this be? continuous feeling of sudden panic/fear in the morning till get up from the bed after a night''s sleep. when can i safely return to work after wisdom tooth extraction What can help anxiety caused by going to the gynecologist? im 21 and turning 22 in a week and i have never had a period what should i do If I have PID, is it too late? Did it affect my fertility? It's been 3 1/2 years and I'm scared! How can I cleanse the fecal matter out of my vagina how long are surgeons liable for failed surgery? How do you cure Pearly penile papules my granddaughter holds her breath when she cry's yesterday she fainted on me. How should I handle this. pap smear test painful well i got nail polish remover in my eye it burned slightly for a few seconds and will it effect my vision ? Sharp right testicle pain, To scared to go to sleep and its 4am.. how fertile is your body when coming off birth control? I was screened early for gestational diabetes 10w it came back high, so now I do the 3 hour. I'm worried and scared. Our 5 year old has a bad headache with a 101 temp. Specfic phobia, help! I just want to feel normal! (I'm begging at this point) my daughter passed out and now she cant remember her phone password, why is that? Can your arteries go from normal to clogged in 7 months? I was told I was fine and now I'm scared it has changed What should I do to prevent my baby from catching bronchitis while breastfeeding?  My Labia itch intensely, especially after I urinate. No other symptoms. Is it possible to be allergic to my urine? my fiance is taking Hydroxyurea is unprotected sex safe for me? can i cook after having knee manipulation after total knee replacement What techniques or methods are best for shaving the upper lip, specifically the first time? why does my body get razor like pain when I feel scared causing me to almost pass out for a second. can prednisone or anything other than NSAIDS be useful for hemorrhoid treatment Foreign objects injected into bloodstream  How do you know when you are done growing? IM having a lot of issues latley and im not sure if its serious or if its stress related. is there something wrong? doctor has told me based on my diet i maybe malnourished, so orded a blood test, but i am phobic and refuse! please help Why do I hear a hissing type noise in my ears? The doctor said Im not losing my hearing.they gave me amoxicillin . Im 14 PLEASE HELP!!! Is this possible?? why do i have an extreme urge to have a bowel movement when i am faced with scary/fearful situations? my 3 year old boy is affraid of almost every thing what to do? Is there a medical way to lower libido or completly stop it without turning slowly in to a female or similar symptoms? Can panic attacks cause hallucinations?  my one testicles is much bigger than another...is this problem? i am scared. I have a severe fear of heights,recently when I stand less than two feet off the ground, I have an anxiety attack Iron deficiency Anemia can a man with no testicles get and maintain an erection What can b the repercussion if a girl takes emrgency contraception without havng sex,jst to avoid pregnancy fear. What can b the repercussion if a girl takes emrgency contraception without havng sex,jst to avoid pregnancy fear. I want to be a doctor how do i get over my fear of blood and having to see internal organs/fluids? I had unprotected sex, i took Plan B and now i have my "period" 2 weeks early and its lighter then usual. Am i pregnant? 7 mth old sons fourth toe curls under the other toes born this way doesnt support weight on it rolls onto side of foot Small dark colored bumps near vagina I think im pregnant and I don't know how to tell my partner? im scared i have a boil and i have diabetes and i dont want to get sick im only 18 and this is my first child. will i have to stop dranking soda and eating hot chips? My doctor prescribed a corticosteroid and an antibiotic. I am afraid to take the corticosteroid - what will they do? Why does my bladder feel like it is going to explode? I havent pooped since May 7 2014 and today is May 31 but im scared to go because it always hurts. Im only 13. had anal sex with a girl tht take glucocorticoid which makes her unfertial i fear she still pregnant im i just worryin  What could this be? The last time I pooped was May 7, 2014. Today is June 10, 2014. I'm scared that I am going to die. What do I do??? Transparent sticky penile discharge while talking with girlfriend over phn or dating with her.Whats wrong?plz answer After shower. Itchy skin leads to anxiety and panic. Usually fear of contact of sight of dirt and food crumbs and stains Can you have a panic attack without the extreme panic? My post-surgical fear is so bad that it can cause me to spike a fever which has canceled surgery in 2009. How to avoid? I have Gest.Diabetes Im 24wks with twin my A1C 6.3 and my fasting labs are over 140 range to confirm so Am I Gest.? I cant gain weight, I eat a ton of food and dont gain a pound. WHY! I know this sounds crazy, but I got some water up my nose in the shower and now I'm scared. Is the deadly amoeba in PA? I keep my swimsuit in the shower and my cousin who is staying over jerks off im really scared i might get pregnant I had a fishy smell and discharge. Had a pap done and was ok. can trich or vaginosis be detected? nurse said it could. I really need help. Im Scared and worried. Please just read my additional infro and help. My body has been numb for two days should I go to the hospital???? qwqweqw Xanax: Side effects and usage question? have cystocope and urodynamic test tomorrow, what should I expect as far as pain? am pretty scared! do we humans have hair glands i popped a ciste i thought and hrs latter my skin was seeping tiny black things  What doesl it when you have shake yourself to wake up? I feel angry or scared randomly sometimes and I shake randomly until the feeling passes? is sex ok when you have a fibroid on uterus what can I do to help my Panic attacks without pills My penis feels weird/funny. but I also have red little dots on my penis, I got tested and everything negative.  is it safe to start taking medication for depression and anxiety?  sex in july I've had period every month on time since then I've taken 3 pregnancy tests all negative Am i being paranoid i have had my period for 2 weeks now, normally they are only 3 days and thats it. is it something to be concerned about? I'm scared I can't get pregnant can you help? 