What do I do if I have a horrible stomachache, body aches, nausea, and weakness ... but have no fever? Could my 1-year-old's ear infection cause a high fever (103F)? I have a 100.4 degree fever, and I am planning to take Boniva tomorrow. Can I take Tylenol to reduce fever with Boniva?  Should I call the doctor if my baby has a fever? Why do schools send home kids with a fever? My son is taking Vyvanse 30 mg once a day. Can I give him pain reliever with acetaminophen for a fever?  At what temperature should an adult take a fever reducer?  What is the best medication to give someone who is running a low-grade fever? I have a fever. Can I take Tylenol if I'm taking Buspar and Ritalin?  My 22-month-old is taking amoxicillin for strep throat. Is it safe to give her Tylenol as well for the fever?  Can acetaminophen and ibuprofen be taken together for a fever? My son is 7 and can swallow pills. He is running a fever. Can I give him one 200 mg ibuprofen pill? He weighs 53 pounds. I gave my child an antihistamine more than 12 hours ago. Now he has a fever. Is it OK to give him Children's Tylenol? Can I give my 14-year-old son acetaminophen for fever if I gave him ibuprofen earlier this morning?  My daughter takes an antibiotic for impetigo, and eye drops for allergies. Can she take something to reduce her fever? A friend has gums pulling away from his teeth and canker sores on his lips, tongue, and throat. What is happening?  What is hay fever? How do you break a fever in a toddler? what is your illness if you have a swollen eye trowing up blood and have 100.5 fever what can cause a headache,fever,chest pains, shaking of the heart and dizziness? What are signs and symptoms of a tubal pregnancy? What if Acetaminophen and Ibuprofen doesn't bring down my fever? Should I be concerned with a bubbling or gurgling sound in my chest after I am done coughing? Boy 24 mos: ext. anal area sore, red; no fever; 4 soft BMs vs 2/day; min diet chg. Xlnt diaper chg; Banana ok. Others? should my baby run fever while teething can I give my 2 yr. old infant pain relief for a fever, he just started azithromycin today? What causes nausea not throwing up, a 101 degree fever for 2 days, no appetite, no energy, minor nausea 2 weeks later I have all signs of appendicitis but stomach pain.I had stomach pain 2 days ago but it went away. do i have appendicitis My son 2 years old, during his sleep, he got like shock. does he need EEG test my 2 year old vomited once and has a fever. The fever was really high for a day but is down to 100 now.  hi im only 14 and i have a sore throat and ive been shaking a lot and slight feaver and a headache what could it be? My 3 y/o son has a fever of 102-103 for last 2 days, when should i take him to the hospital if the fever doesn't go away Big bumps on my arms. Have a fever in them and are itchy and they burn. Do I bundle my toddler in warm blankets (cause sweating) to help fight a fever or use a cool washcloth / keep him cool? Why do I still have blood and pus in urine after two rounds of antibiotics? Gallbladder and Appendicitis Symptoms, All tests NORMAL...Now What? My daughter has had stomach virus and has had fever for the past three days, Dr. said let it take its course true?? temp for 6 days. bladder kidney infec. dx on day 4/cipro x2daily. still fever, little urine o/p. Call Doc? or wait? Sharp stomach pain Can Mucinex DM and Z-Pack be taken together?  I have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? Can you get the Chickenpox yet not be uncomfortable?  19 mo. old had a 102 degree fever Friday, but seemed to break it with meds-now isn't urinating normal-no bw mvmt 2 dys could my 5 yo son have gall bladdr problems? Can anemia cause chills and low grade fever? My 6mth old weighs only 12.8 lbs and has had diarrhea for 3 weeks what tests could be done to help determine the cause. my 9yr old daughter has had a headache,fever,voming,tired all the time,dizzy  My daughter has bronchitis, and is on antibiotics (for it and an ear infection) - is she contagious still? How long? 11 year old son gets strange vision where things look small and far away, like looking thru binocs backwards. Yesterday I started vomiting and running a fever of 101 F. Over 24 hrs later, I am experiencing sever abdominal pain. Should a person go to the ER if urinating with pain and bright color blood drops? Dull pain on upper right abdomen? No fever, 98.9 Threw up once. It all started after having a bowel movement.  My 5 year old son has a fever of around 102 and a racing heartbeat. Should I take him to the Emergency Room? can a person get tonsilitis if they nolonger have tonsils Rectal area pain when #2 is low and ready to evacuate. Once evacuated no pain except for minor pain when sitting. My daughter is five and every two weeks she gets a runny nose, bad cough and high fever. Why is this happening? What would cause nightly chills and fever and then during the day the symptoms go away and return at night? Can you have both a sinus infection and strep throat? My 15mo son walks and plays normally then will suddenly have an issue with leg. Won't put any weight on it. my five year old gets really high fevers at night all the time they sometime reach 102  I have a sore throat and when I blow my nose hard a thick gooey mucus mixed with blood come out. What could it be?  help i think i may have herpes  I have a sore throat and when I blow my nose hard a thick gooey mucus mixed with blood come out. What could it be? Im wondering if my child could possibly have bronchitis difficulty urinating, nausea and vomiting. What the most likely problem Can I take 4 Advil gels for a week in a row> This is the 3rd day. What medication should I take for a fever, sore throat, body achs, and muchus presser in the head and neck Length of weakness from flu Why does your heart rate go up when your sick. Iv had low grade fever and sinus pain for over a week. im 36 f . I'm feel a constant desire to urinate, no fever, no pain and no burning or discomfort. What could be happening? What could be going on with my son?? My child has had low grade fever and lethargy for 3 weeks. What could it be? My 3 yr. old has a 101.7 fever, shakes, headache, fatigue, and is sweating a lot. Is it just the flu? I just had flu and my cough will not go away. I've had a mild fever for 10 days. Pain in left chest/back when coughing. When I defecate it is mostly undigested food I've been having flash headaches and fevers. what could it be? What will fix a headache and fever for someone on blood pressure medicine? what would cause me to be hot with no fever have a dry mouth and be drowsy Is there a medical term for scarlet fever? Does a normal CBC indicate no bacterial infection, such as active syphilis? vertigo, vomiting and low grade fever with sudden onset 15 month old with sneezing, now has some coughing when sleepin blood in mucas when sneezes. What can I do? Swollen node in groin, should i go to the dr? Have had a very bad cold for last week now I have yellow discharge from my nose, no fever or anything, sinus infection? Had flu shot in Oct2012.Have a fever101+,body aches and tired. Is this the flu even if I had flu shot? I wanted to know if these symptoms could be something serious? If i have already given my 6 year old benadryl and Tylenol and she now has fever can I now give her motrin? Why do I feel lightheaded, fatigued, and sweat during sleeping (no fever)? My 4 year old son went from a fever of 103 to a body temp of 95.7. Should I be worried? having stomach pains, mostly in the evening, after 5. feels like contractions but contstant. goes away after some time. Had year round runny nose for as long as i can remember. Go through tissues like crazy and dr advice not working - help  what can you give a 20 year old on warfarin for a fever of 102 on a mouth thermometer Daughter has the flu, sinusitus, and now has a red rash all over her body, eyes swollen and yellow underneath. ER? inspiration pneumonia?  is it a problem that my son is vomiting after getting the flu shot? watery eyes runny nose slight headache no cough Why do fevers tend to spike the highest at night? Is there a scientific reason why? My 8 year old has had a fever for 2 days and now her fever is up to 103.7 should I go to a doctor? My son has been vomiting for about 5 hours and has pain in lower right side of abdomen, but no fever. What to do? My nose and nostrils are swollen and painful after a severe cold. How do I get rid of the pain and swelling? what disorder beside menopause causes hot flashes Why am I cold in room at 74F,no fever,adequately dressed,there is no noticeable air movement,I feel healthy,Just chilly. 30 year old male with severe pain during urination until urine flows, severe lower back pain, fever of 103.4...any ideas If you ingest mold spores, what are the symtoms Teenager age 18 with low grade fever 2 days, headache, eyes hurt with light and swollen upper lip sweating freezing no fever i have blood in my urine, male, 50 yoa, had fever/headache yesterday, feel better today unknown sexual partner(from rape). result: sore in vaginal area, swollen, sick, fever, cold sore- not confirmed.  My 3 year old had a fever for the past 2 days. She is complaining of stomach pain and can't urinate. My seventeen year old daughters skin is burning up, body aches with no fever, what does this mean? Why does my body feel like a furnace when I am not running a fever? My boyfriend says I am hot to the touch. pain under right breast, had gallbladder removed years ago, no coughing or fever, usually at night  Do I have the flu? I have a brown blotch about 3" in circumference that appeared near my belly button and it is getting bigger. Any ideas? what would cause extremely drenching night sweats, fever and chills in a 57 year old female? 57 y/o male HBP on linisopril 20mg running fever BP is 140/90 not going down should take another BP pill My whole body aches for a couple of weeks, no fever, hands/fingers joints ache,not sick though 4 year old male child vomiting saliva and yellow bile I am experiencing pain in my back, all over body weakness, lack of appetite and I noticed my eyes are a yellowish color. 21 days of diarrhea, mod-sev ab pain, head ache, fever and nausea.. today a "lump" in upper right/middle abdomen. Help? I had a cyst on the nape of my neck removed and now I feel like I have a fever but I don't, is this normal? what can i give my 5 year old for a soar throat Do you get a fever with a viral throat infection? When should I see a Throat specialist when the tonsil stones wont go away and the penisillin doesnt work? my three year old granddaughter has had a low grade fever for severl days mainly at nght and is saying she has a headach My 2 year old daughter keeps coughing to the point where she vommiting but not running a fever is that normal?  Can you have a fever with a cold? Besides tender swollen lymph node in neck, also have lump in front of ear. Presently on clyndamycin. Possible causes? My daughter started vomiting 6 hours ago, 8 times. She even woke up to vomit. Fever 100.8. What should i do? How long does a sore throat last?  my sister has 102 fever along with headache bodyache and vomitting feeling what immediate first aid can be given I have shingles and the rash is on my left buttock and also on my left labia. Is this an uncommon area for this? :( 40's male with abdominal and lower back pain and excessive sleep How do you know when to take a two year old in to doctors that has a fever and a cough? I've been puking a lot and getting head aches. I don't know what to do. What could i have? possible cause of a severe headache with radiating lower back pain can pain cause a fever how to know when a flu has tuened into a chest infection in a 3 yr old little boy? a fever from 100 to 102.9 that ibuphen won't keep down below 100. The fever has been for 5 days. how dangerous is this What the world?? Can a child have chicken pox if he does not have a fever and has not signs of itching? I have diarrhea and there is a noticable amount of mucus what could cause this? Should i be concerened? Why do I get nosebleeds for no apparent reasons? how can i make myself sweat? What do you do if you've already been taking oral antibiotics and the drops for the ears and its not getting better?  runny nose, took antihistamine. developed fever. Reaction to drug or cold/allergy symptom? For 3 days now I have not been able to keep anything down. sharp pains in my side. headachs, vomit dirrah, but no fever? Need a vasovagal syncope doctor in Los Angeles ASAP. BY 3/29/13 Pain upper right side abdom and back w naus,freq urina,no vom,no fever,no gallbladder. On ibs,pain meds daily. Appendix? cut myself on a bed spring. It is red and ichy with blisters and puss around wound. what do i do? Got a bug bite while in mexico and it is turning from red to purple. Fever and its hard to breath. i had my tonsils taken out at 2, and am now 16, could they have grown back? how long does it take for tonsils to grow back? Most of the time when I get cold it's triggered by my allergies. is this normal? What can I do to prevent this? Fever when no signs are obvious? chills fever backache weakness, what is it? I catch high fever everytime i go out also have backache, buring urine my 4 year old son has been running a fever of 100.5 and now has a bad cough he says that everything hurts My 2 yr old has had a fever on and off the last 2 weeks, why does it keep coming back?  My 5 year old was bitten by tick behind the ear and now her lympnoyd is swollen. Should I worry? No fever and no pain  2 yr old that is running low grade fever (101.4), drinks a small amount of liquids and fills 2 diapers peeing.  Rash and blister after tick bite, should I see a doctor? Nausea, vomiting, constipation, pain in right side of stomach, diabetic, low grade fever Can vomitting happen during PMS What would cause a person to want to sleep all day and have no energy? (78 year old man) Used to be very active. Son vomitting off and on 2nd week 6 years old.ER had no answers,sons Doctor says maybee stomach bug My son was bitten by a spider and now it is red and swollen but doesn't hurt him. What should I do? I feel like I have a cold or the flu but I dont have a fever? what causes extreme chills I have thick yellow discharge, it does not have an odor and I do not have any other symptoms. What could it be? does dehydration cause fever? I feel hot on the inside but no fever. I have a stomach ache and my throat hurt and glands feel swollen. My son was on day 8 of 1,000mg/day Amoxicillian and he spiked a fever. Should I be worried? my 22month old has a fever giving her ibuprofin, but also has allergy. is it safe to give benedryl at the same time My fourth toe is painful, red, and swollen. It has fever and is extremely painful to touch. Also has small white spot. My 21/2 year old has a fever that has spiked over 103. He is laying around,not eating,but drinking ok. Shld i worry?  When should i take my baby to the emergency room for a fever? he is 3 months old, and has a cough.  Is it normal to have a 99.6 fever at night only, four weeks after a total knee replacement? I have sore swollen glands and neck stiffness that is not responding to 3 antibiotic treatments in a row. No fever? I had diarrhea all night and have the chills. Now, is turning bright yellow, should I make the trip to the Dr? I noticed a very thin white coating on my tongue a week ago in patches and white/yellow small raised bumps in the back? My 2yr old has a fever of 102.6 no other symptoms.in-laws say to wrap her up so she can sweat it out is this safe?? can a fracture cause a fever If 6 year old child has fever over 100 f and tachypnea and tachycardia, should he go to ER? I have a high fever(101.5) and I haven't been able to go to the bathroom(#2) for three days) What's going on? I only have a fever in the evening. I am 32 and slightly overweight. I shake I get so cold during the fever... What would cause fever with chills every 24 hours. Also, swollen neck lymph node. Ongoing for 2 months. After taking penicillin, I'm getting new white bumps on tonsils? what can i put on my childs skin to speed the healing process the peeling from the scarlet fever rash Having sharp stabbing pain that comes and goes on my left side below ribs but above hip, what could this be? what if a baby doesn't get a fever after recieving a vaccine? Is that considered to be an abnormality? Can I get genital herpes if I already get fever blisters? Can having diarrhea stop your period? Bf said he had dishcharge from his penis and a slight burning sensation. These symptoms stoped after 1 week. What is it? low grade fever, lower abdominal pain, motion, frequent urination at night, unable to digest food properly How long before we should start seeing signs of zithromax working? Its been 3 days and still running 103.2 fevers Lately Ive been having problems with fatigue, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, and night sweats. Slight anal bleeding that has stopped? Anxiety? is paracetamol is good for cat? Can a man who had a high fever as an infant cause him to have abnormal sperm in adulthood? How do you reduce a fever in a toddler? (19 months old) My husband gets fevers a lot more often than me when he has a cold. Fever very rare for me. Why? my boy friend had blusters on his penis and now it's painning could this be herpes High white blood cell count, fever, chills, blurred vision. Doctors cannot find anything wrong with me . High white blood cell count, fever, chills, blurred vision. Doctors cannot find anything wrong with me . Can I give my 9 year old that weighs 100 pounds 2- 200mg ibuprofen? It's for fever. I have a kidney infection. After 3 days of high fever and new antibiotics I have skin rashes. Caused by fever or meds? Can amoxicillin oral suspension treat rocky mountain spotted fever? I had ectopic pregnancy,within few day i had fever how long I have take rest I have 1 year old boy when can I lift him  When should I be concerned?  stomach flu in newborn babies what type of cough medicine do you give a child less than one year old and also has sneezing and a slight fever  have painful knots around my ears and in the back of my neck running a fever what are they Zyrtec and Benadryl in the same day? grandson, 7 yrs old, 4'9', and 125lbs. younger brother tested pos. for strep. hes vomiting, fever, slept for 2 days, What happens if you a fever during concussion?  9 days post op for hysterectomy, been running low grade fever and now light vagional bleeding. Is this normal? Can HSV-2 cause HSV-1? can a broken bone or a muscle tear cause a fever? I am Deepika suffering from fever for 3 days.high temperature only at nights.urine in yellow,eye in red, bodypains My daughter never feels good, always runs low grade fever,has achy bones and joints, our doctor can't seem to help What cream i use for m vaginal pimple?help me please i feel fever i need the answer help me pls. can a child die from a UTI? Can a child get scarlet fever while already taking antibiotics for strep throat?  can penicillin cause gums to bleed Is a low grade fever one week after surgery normal Should I send my 2 year old to a doctor after 7 days of yellow green mucous nasal discharge? how long does it take to get rid of flu with tamiflu Can stress cause fevers in toddlers When someone gets staph after a C-section how could this happen 23month. fever of 102-104 has not broke in 12hrs. with tylenol. won't eat. only 6oz of fluid intake. what should i do? I cut myself shaving can I get necrotizing fasciitis? Please help, sacred can adults get rheumatic fever from strep throat Sore throat with fever, how long am I contagious? how long can I give a baby asprin to my dog for a fever how do you break a fever on a two year old and when should i take her to the hospital if i cant get it to break my grandbaby got real sick 3 days after she got the flu mist. Is Hyland's Baby Cough Syrup safe to take with Infant's Tylenol? Baked cookies during day/evening. Came down with stomach bug/fever later in same evening. Are cookies safe to eat? My one year old drank some water from the Christmas tree with tree food in it bow he is really sick, could that be why? my boyfriend lifted some heavy tables last week and ever since he has a sharp pain on the right side of his stomach Diarrhea and stomach pain Put on Keflex 5 days ago for an ear infection. still running a low grade fever and having ear pain. Is this normal? My daugher is 4 and has the flu, if she is still running a fever for going on 48hrs when should I take her to the ER?  My normal body temp is 97.9, i am running 102.2 Does this mean I have "more" of a fever than ppl w/98.6 deg normally? How long should I wait before bringing my 11 yr old with flu symptoms to our family dr? It has been 8 days. Is it bad for you to take medication that does not relate to your symptoms? can I take mucinex with tamiflu? Can an adult have 103 fever with the flu? I am on third day of Tamiflu and feeling fine. Havn't had a fever in 48 hours still have a cough. Am I still contagious? Is the polio vaccine safe with fever or runny nose? How would an Emergency Aid physician handle a 100 degree fever in a three year-old Hx crohns,C-Diff. on Flagyl. Have watery stools w/urgancy no explosivness. should I go in and be check for C-diff again what might you have when your symptoms are lack of energy, shortness of breath and head conjestion (with stuff noise).  I had a throat infection for a week and feel a lot better now. Will going to swimming pool tomorrow make me more sick?  I've had the flu for five days along with having massive episodes of yellow watery diarrhea. Suggestions? Can I have strep without fever? Im 34.I've Severe pain sp backache, 101' F fever and little bit blocked nose. Shivering fever at night. What's my prob? My daughter, 13yrs old has been running a fever for 3 days over 102. The Dr said she has H1N1.How do I get fever down? On antibiotics for 48 hours for fever + drainage. Is it ok to also take Advil for a headache? is a psa of 19 with fever a sign of cancer or just prostate infection Ear infection with leakage and fever Severe Constant abdnominal pain, Yellow Mucous, Blood in stool, Loss of appetite, passing stool causes painful cramps.  I have a sore throat, but no fever and I don't have strep. What's wrong? What can I do to heal my throat? can a fever in an infant cause stunted growth? What is considered a high fever for a 13 year old and how many days should it last before calling the Dr ? My grandson has had headaches and also running fever with it for over a month now not understanding why. Any opinions is there a cure for vitamin d deficiency what can of diagnots test are to find out if your 11 month old baby is allgergic to milk products Lower abdominal pain. Started bear belly button. Nausea/vomiting/no fever/cant eat,sleep,walk/pain increasing. Help? my 7 yr old son has a sore throat. red in the back and he screams when I touch side of neck. strep? Daughter has had recurring severe stomach pain, no fever (max 99.6). Should we see specialist? Can young children (age 2) get measles after having 1 MMR vaccine at 12 months of age? If someone I know had scarlet fever months ago, could they still be carrying the bacteria and be infectious? Can you take a warm bath when you have the chills and a slight fever? I've had a uncontrollable cough for days with fever 99 a sore throat I work with food. Cough all day should i go to work I've been achy all over, weak and out of breath for 6 weeks. I feel feverish but no fever. Is this likely to be a virus? My 7 yr. old son's normal fever is 103.8 when he is ill. At what temp. should I be concerned and take him to the ER? my baby ate her on poop extreme thirst, urinating every 20-40 min for 6 hours straight. headache. vomitted 3 times in past 10 hours. no fever  Having a flu in college My daughter has a white film on her tongue that will not wipe off and she has a white film on her tonsils. how high should an adult fever go before getting to concerned  Will hydrogen peroxide hurt inner ear? Should I take my baby to the doctor if the fever keeps coming back? Vaginal discharge in 52 yr. old hysterectomy 20 yrs. ago can I have surgery with a stuffy nose Can Pinkeye cause a fever?  high liver enzymes can you run a fever with allergies? I have diarrhea for 5 days now, multiple times like over 15 times a day what should I do, Now its obvisouisly burning can you run a fever with pink eye can you get herpes lesions on your tonsils? I had rhematic fever as a child. Was just wondering if I need to know what effects that may have taken on my heart.? I had rhematic fever as a child. Was just wondering if I need to know what effects that may have taken on my heart.? How long should I continue taking acetaminophen if fever doesn't go down? in 1982 i had a operation and had a blood transfusion i also got yellow jandice from the blood. I get a sharp pain in my right side just below my rib cage any time i take a deep breath or rotate my torso. what is it? Blurred vision in one eye first thing in morning, which usually clears after about an hour 6 yr old is getting her adult teeth and has had continuous fevers for a month is that normal Is fever associated with swimmer's ear? I have headaches, mild fever, horrible cough, nasal congestion, body aches (towards the upper bod). What do I have? I have a hard lump on my butt cheek and been running a fever at night for the past two nights. Would clindamycin help? Can mosquito bites give high fever and hives? I use to have throat pain after having oral sex with my pertner.. is it too risky? pain on the right side form lower back to abdomen hurts to walk and sit should i go to the doctors pain on the right side form lower back to abdomen hurts to walk and sit should i go to the doctors Have been spotting for 2 weeks now. Take Enpresse. Never done this before and am soon to be 46. ?Perimenopause? Swollen lymph nodes? My doctor doesn't return calls A bad taste in mouth can my 15 yr old daughter take benadryl with zyrtec for allergic rhinitis? Can children get headaches with the onset of a fever? After giving Motrin the fever came down and the headache went away My post-surgical fear is so bad that it can cause me to spike a fever which has canceled surgery in 2009. How to avoid? Fever in 13 month old what is safe to take for fever if you have cirrhosis hypothyroidism my 1 year old has had a fever for almost 4 days now. It goes as low as 100 and spikes to 103.6?? A fever followed by sharp pains and breathing problems. five yr old is throwing up has a 102.0 fever and aslo haveing nose bleeds what is this and should i be worried? sudden fever chills headache neck pain ringing in ears started about 3hrs ago help Is roseola still contagious after the fever is gone? what stage is Cirrhosis of the Liver when the person becomes delusional ? When to see a doctor - How urgent is abnormal vaginal discharge? my 7 year old's tongue and roof of mouth is white, not painful, but running low grade fever the past few days my 8 yr old daughter hit her chin on her chest during gymnastics saturday.  HOW LONG SHOULD A BABY RUN A FEVER WITH A VIRIS What viruses include these symptoms: headache, body aches, weakness, fever, loss of appetite, stomach pain, and nausea? Can you have stool from divertic. and gas come through your vagina without a fever? I have persistent headache and I feel like I have lowgrade fever. Help! Is there a possibility of contamination of the money supply in countries that have suffered an Ebola outbreak?  Last night at 8pm my daugter that is 5 yrs old had a fever of 101 gave Tylenol then again at 6 am she had a fever again Feeling hot frequently but no fever, no body ache or any other symptoms for ~2 wks, I've had mild-serious chest pain, jaw pain, and also mild fever 1x. Should i go to ER? When can I return to my everyday life with mono? My daughter has very painful blisters in her throat without fever or swollen glands. What could be the cause?  can an untreated bladder infection cause herpes  Can you get cat scratch fever easily from a cat? Or would it have to be an outdoor cat? Just began tamiflu-current fever 103.5. 10yr old. Acetaminaphin ok? (Tested positive with nose swab) What could it be with my child (4yrs old) Cant keep anything down(food,fluids),with pain in his stomach and back? 