I burnt my finger. It is a second-degree burn. The only thing that helps is constant ice. What else I can put on it? When should I wean my baby off his binkie? Could the skin peeling on the tips of my fingers or toes and the numbness in both big toes be related to my diabetes? Should I be stimulating my babys gums with those finger tools? When should I start brushing her teeth? I broke my pinky fingernail down to the skin and have been feeling a tingling/slight numbness. Did I hit a nerve?  I have worn my wedding ring for years. Recently, eczema appeared on my finger where the ring touches. What can I do? My husband has been getting charley horses in his feet, legs and fingers. Is this a side effect of potassium chloride?  Is it possible to get pregnant if the boy ejaculates, touches some semen, wipes it off, and then fingers me after? I can't bend my thumbs or my middle finger back and all joints are sore and difficult to move. Any sugguestions? What should I use for a wart on my finger? Why do my right arm and hand keep going numb everyday? What causes sudden burning sensation in the hands and bottoms of your feet? My left hand and two fingers have been numb for over a week. what could this mean? If I jam my finger in a game of touch football, what can I do to help the swelling go down? is my wrist broken My lips and fingers as well as vaginal secretions all taste bitter. Any idea why? I had Carpal Tunnel Syndrome surgery at least 10 yrs ago both hands.Now my rt hand tingles again can the CT grow back? Can type 2 diabetes be controlled SOLELY through medication? Will a nail grow back if it came out completely due to an injury?  My husband closed his finger in the door, it is swollen and has a blood clot what should we do?? Can a fall cause Ulnar Nerve pain from the shoulder to the hand? My shin bones are very soft and can actually dent if I press my finger on them. what gives? What causes the cracks and splits on the ends of the fingers and what is the best way to treat? How long do I need to wait between teh 1st and 2nd cortizone shots for trigger finger (thumb) my finger tips and thumb tips will crack and bleed get very sore wear rubber gloves with all cleaning and apply lotion A dog hair has gotten stuck in between my fingers. There is a large bubble and my hand hurts bad. What to do? Should I be worried if someone elses saliva gets in my eye My daughter has a lump on the right side of her neck. It feels hard and is tender. My pointer finger keeps moving involuntary.  sore throat with a white sore on the back of it, i poked at the sore and a solid yellow ball came out. please help my 7 week old sons soft spots have closed. Should I get him checked out? I cut my finger 2 yrs ago. It healed and then breaks out again when in water too long. What do you think is the problem? I get tiny, itchy bumps on my fingers occasionally.  Everytime I write my index finger sticks out, I can not control it and it won't relax until I'm done writing. how to tell if you have fractured bone in hand? Person A has some sperm on his hands, hands get in mouth, then asks to eat me out. Could I get pregnanat? hands go numb after driving fingers on right hand always numb why?? Itchy palms and fingers bilaterally_turned to multiple tender blisters over past 12 hr_now tender blisters back of neck  finger is turning purple/red and tip and nail is turning green i have a white blister on my finger the size of a dime from a hot pan,is this serious and how to treat it  i have a white blister on my finger the size of a dime from a hot pan,is this serious and how to treat it  i have diabiets i a having really bad muscle gramps my fingers are getting disfigured and so are my toes and legsback I am getting a fever blister. I licked my finger and wiped a spot of dirt off my son's cheek. Will he get one now? Can a Methylprednisolone injection in the spine cause muscle spasms? I have a painful wart near the tip of my finger, partly under my nail. What is the best course of treatment? About a week ago I had a severe ear ache for one day, ear ache gone now and feels like fluid inside my ear?  inserting finger into girls vagina leads to pregnancy Should I see a doctor for pain from top of shoulder down arm with numbness in fingers from a fall. fingertips have been wrinkly like a bath when touched will keep the indentation mark feel sensitive and a bit tingly Does bursitis in the elbow cause the arm, hand, and fingers to swell?  i have a blister on my finger from trying to light my stove how do i treat it? The tops of my fingers on both hands are turn a blueish gray color randomly and often. what could this be? I have a "bump" swelled slightly in arm-pit area. It's sore, redish and I can pinch it with a couple fingers or so.  why does the skin of my fingers split and bleed for no apparent reason? Is it possible to be pregnant from being fingered after a guy cums? My period is 6 days late!  Every once in a while I will experience tingling in every one of my fingers and my palms. What could this be? Stray dog licked hand, do I need a shot Can a child spread warts from their fingers to their mouth? Hard lump on finger bone just past first joint on left hand. It is making area around the bump sore. Any ideas?  I have some small clear bumps on my hands and I'm not sure what they are. I have pain in my right elbo and numbnes in my fingers. What is it?  Right index finger sometimes will not work, what could be causing this? It's like all fingers but index finger is worse. I'm a 13 year old girl who has not begun her period... Would it be safe to begin sexual interaction with my boyfriend? Help.. I have what I can say are wart's on my fingers "Honey goo comes out of them.. WHAT DO I HAVE just warts?  I have pain, stiffnes and weakness in hands and fingers. X-ray did not show inflamationn or degnerative arthritis I cut my fingertip off last week. The ER put clotting tissue because it wouldn't stop bleeding. What now? I took Next Choice One Dose, and have experienced quick bursts of heavy bleeding. Is this normal? I have numbness in my first three fingers that runs up my left arm/shlder.to the neck.What should I do ?I need to know.. There is pain in my hand and underarm, numbness in my thumb and finger and reduced circulation in same hand. Please help formation of hard skin after injuri. My whole body aches for a couple of weeks, no fever, hands/fingers joints ache,not sick though How do I treat corns under the finger nail? bones-joints freezing I found a lump under the skin near my clitoris, slightly larger than a jelly bean. What could it possibly be? Why does my penis itch? I keep getting headrushes (like im about to faint) even when sitting and laying down. Should I go to the ER? i have a rash on the back of my hand that wont go away. had it for over 4 months and now its spreading. what could it be how do i know when a man has reached my gspot during or after sex I have arm and shoulder pain, also tingling. I have loss strengh and loss of motoin in left arm. what could this be? Can fingering cause an STD in the vaginal area? Had my Cubital tunnel operation 5 month ago. my elbow is still numb and the incision area is itchy and purple my right hand went limp i cannt straighten my fingers out they are curled up Any suggestions on how to reduce a swollen finger to get a ring off instead of having to cut the ring off? I got a wart frozen and the blister is turning like a dark red. All the rest of the warts that blistered up are clear. Should I go to the doctors I hit my head yesterday and today I hit my hand really hard on a wall. It started to swell and hurt almost immeditaly. Should I have an x-ray? 8 mts ago I dislocated and broke a finger at the knuckle. It's still painful sometimes, feels like it's a big bruise why do my arms fall asleep my hair falls out in the shower, brushing it and while just running my fingers through (handfulls) help. not normal plz Is using non-applicator tampons less hygenic than applicator tampons? For years I have clipped/bit my finger cuticles down, and I have built up calluses. Now they itch. How can I stop it? a few days ago I punched a wall and now my hand is really swollen and am in a lot of pain. From my middle finger to pinky I exp. numbness and swollen tendon just below wrist, therapy n rest didnt work. Nextidea? A few weeks ago my left pinky got caught in a mousetrap. It still hurts to move it. Any ideas of what it could be? smashed finger, now swollen finger tip, what to do Can this fingering get her pregnant? She got her periods since day after I fingered her with some precum. Can she get pregnant? how do i know what my 9 year old daughter has growning under her right middle finger? how likely is it to get pregnant from getting fingered from pre ejaculative fluid? 2 months without my period and I've had protected sex four months ago, what is wrong? Is there any particular risk in sharing nail clippers right hand index finger proximal phalanges intermediate phalanges joint pain, swelling. Started a week ago. Arthritus? should you exercise or golf with sixth cranial nerve palsy having been just discussed in the emergency room yesterday?  Can you contract HIV from fingering a girl who is? Struck top of hand hard enough to break skin. Fingers cold and numb. Pain several hours after injury. Worth X-ray? finger swelling, can't bend it and have extreme pain on palm side I was stung on the back of my hand by a red wasp but the symptoms did not show for 24 hours. Is this common Is my girlfriend pregnant? What is an effective over the counter or home remedy anti-inflammatory for finger rheumatoid arthritis? Short term prednisone use and alcohol consumption wife can not orgasm from vaginal sex or oral sex only when I finger her I get hives all over my legs, it only happens at night, they itch and slowly spread to my back and hands. What are the physiological effects of drinking one glass of alcohol.  What causes my ring finger to remain locked in a curled position - requires manipulation by other hand to straighten.  Numbness in my Elbow? When I rest my left elbow on the table I also get a lack of sensation in my pinky and ring finger I have a little black dot/spot on palm of hand that goes and comes back again but in diffrent place what is it ? Accidentally might have gotten traces of fecal matter in nose My husband blew out the tip of his finger. Stitches out today. Should he soak it in epsom salts. Differing opinions. i have had many tests but unless cobalt poisoning is answer cannot figure out the painful tingling in all fingers. Is it safe to crack your fingers and other parts of your body? Every time i have sex or try to put my fingers up there it hurts really bad. This has been happening for months.  How does information travel from the brain to the fingers? can subdermal scar tissue cause tingling and numbness in finger? Why do I have chronic "swimmer's ear" without going swimming? i have had a bump on my left hand ringer finger withing the inside palm.ive been picking at it. it hurts to dig out. I missed my period but im not sexually active? finger tips crack/malnutrition? Is Bactrim DS ever given for Gout with tophi ? Is increased joint popping resultant of arthitis? finger injury can stomatitis appear on hands? Why do i keep getting an Infected finger Cut finger on glass. 18 hrs later, it bleeds freely when I change the dressing and throbs constantly. Is this normal? vagina My left index finger (injured a year ago while weeding) turns white every time I get chilled or handle cold items...why? finger injury Can a pinched nerve in the neck cause numb fingers? i have tingling and weakness in my fingers and arm is this nerve damage its from a blood test. what fixes nerve damage Why do alcoholics have night sweats? I cut off my finger  Forearm and wrist hurts and occasionally numb finger... Could my arm be broke?  I found an opening (feels like a tube) about an inch into vagina. No discomfort. About 1/3' Diameter. What could it be? ive been a type 1 diabetic since oct 2010 the last month month and a half my left hand pinky and ring fingers are numb 3 years post-stroke: What type of physio can help advance wrist and finger dexterity? Supplements to increase BDNF... ? how do I tell if a cat bite is infected BAD neck/shoulder/arm pain two months. EMG neg. Travels neck-shoulder-arm-fingers - right ear too. His. schwannoma.HELP! Whenever I put my head back I get a tingling down my left arm all the way to my fingers and thumb? Puffy dried out black lump, is it melanoma?? Did my boyfriend cut me during foreplay? sprained two fingers, fractured the bones, used a splint for 4 weeks, now both fingers are swollen and stiff. what can i do for wart on the side of my finger that is bleeding due to me picking at it. Raynaud's Phenomenon daily symptoms itching all over, hiccups 4 times, gas, achy joints,night tingling legs feet up to vigina. whats wrong Why does the cuticle lift of the nail bed on a couple of my fingers? Should you smack or forcefully put a finger in someones chest to wake the up from fainting, can i get pregnant if he fingered me with very wet cum fingers, right after getting off on my leg close to my vagina What could happen if I leave rubbing alcohol on my finger? pain-ring finger to the middle of arm,before elbow for 45 days.started after I held on to stop falling.worse on lifting Help! If a girl was fingered before brief insertion Why do my fingers hurt so bad in the joints when they get cold? object stuck in anal cavity can you become pregnant from being fingered if the fingers have wiped off ? small bruise on side of finger next to cuticle has been there 4yrs started bleeding wont heal. male 20 y.o. My son cut tip of finger with scissors. Nurse cleaned it, taped it. Said "borderline" for stitches. take him to Dr?  Does TT injection needs to be taken once every 6 months or after sustaining cuts with a sharp object? frostbit finger tips 4 days ago how long before normal without tingling and less detailed sensory feeling My hand has a sharp pain when weight is put on it. Raynaud's Phenomenon Pain around anus why do my fingers get numb? Will Raynauds that is a result of my 40mg a day dosage of Vyvanse resolve if I get off of or reduce the dose? What causes your hands to be dry and cause your fingers to crack open with sores and cause throbbing pain I have had tingling on my left fingers for about 2 months did stress test back in Sept results normal. What can it be? finger nail fungus Infected finger over a month deep laceration in webbing between thumb and index finger? what could cause my 5 year old daughters fingers,toes, and lips to turn blue and feel cold even when she is indoors  Does it matter which finger I use to test my blood sugar? My cat just licked my fingers after eating a manderin orange. Will it hurt him? Lost of sensation on skin after peeling plaster. 1 month ago pain started in left forearm, traveled to my wrist and my index fingertip is numb. all 3 hurt and go numb Have dizziness when getting up or turning over. When pressing on ends of fingers, indention remains for a while. small itchy bumps on my hands and now my entire body itches and I have two large rashes on my sides. Red dots and splotches are all over my hands, knuckles, fingers and arms. Help please? Photos included. I smashed my hand in a sliding glass door a day and a half a go. I have a few cuts and it swelled up pretty bad.  Help! is this normal? :( What can I soak my finger in? I have an Infection under my finger nail I am 69 and past year finger nails has started to grow down over end of my fingers and now my toes are doing the same. extreme forearm pain, cannot close hand, numbness in fingers burning in fingers My fingers are cold. I never experienced this before. Cut finger Tues. 6 sutures. Edema, red, pain. ATB started Wed. Poss. Dehiscence? Drainage today and edges not closed. How do you measure blood oxygen levels,what equipment is used and is it used only on fingers?  Can a Vaginal Yeast Infection irritate the area around the urethra? Red/pink dots and splotches on skin. Mostly hands, knuckles, fingers and arms. Photos included how can i get fluids (water) into my dog if he refuses to drink I had a girl play with my prostate with one finger until i orgasm..now my prostate is killing me! Will it go away? I woke up this morning with my upper gum swollen and feels like it just moved, could I have a large parasite in my gums? HIV concerns! Can finger cramps be caused by a herniated disc? I have a herniated disc between C6/C7. Laceration to distal portion of index finger. 6 stitches. Injured a month ago. no feeling in finger tip. Will it return? why fingers wrinkle a short time in water,at bath time, doing dishing or swiming Can the bad habit of licking fingers to turn pages (or money) pick-up or transfer any disease? My 4 year old smash her finger in a door. What should I do? I woke up 4 days ago with a painful lump on my finger.Whole figer is swollen and hurts. Can it be staff or spider bite? can trigger finger lead to osteoarthristis fingered a day ago and now vagina swollen inside?? Is it possible to receive nerve damage from a finger prick blood collection? having problems empty bowls seem like its trying to protruding into my Vagina. the wall between rectum and vagina . Can I be pregnant? What antibiotic is more recommended for paronychia/cellulitis of the finger if the choice is Levaquin or Amoxicillin? Can you get pregnant in a shower if a guy jerks off with one hand,washes hands, then fingers you with the other? what to use for arthritis pain relief in my fingers  Do doctors often overlook or minimize this disease due to lack of professional development or ignorance? Weakness in fingers after smoking mass-manufactured cigarettes Numb, tingling feeling on left small and ring fingers. Pain at the muscle below the left elbow Carpal Tunnel Syndrome I ate finger food with a little bit of rust on my finger. Could tetanus be orally transmitted? Why do my feet and hands swell when it is hot? So I have this problem with my hands. As far as I can tell it is Carpal Tunnel. Here are the symptoms... My fingers are swollen, painful, and itchy, what causes this? is trigger finger side effects of statin drugs? Depo-Medrol injection in hand side effects. How do you care for a severe laceration on an index finger without hospital care? Bumps on my forefingers Risk of STD's by recieving full body massage at a brothel? Is my finger broken or just swollen really bad? My mum is experiencing carpal tunnel syndrome. Her fingers are numb almost everyday. Is surgery the only option? Inability to poop without finger?!? White / clear mucus during bowel movement process how to tell if you have arthritis Anyone here who knows of a pregnancy due to ejaculant on fingers being rubbed on vagina during mutual masturbation? If I'm fingering a pregnant girl can the baby grab my finger?!? I have a hard bump on the side of my left middle finger. There's no pain or anything. What is it? My hands and fingers shake? I've been a heavy drinker most of my life I'm experiencing tingly hands, painful bumps on fingers and tenderness in arms splinter in finger. Tried tweezers,needle,epsom salt,Mag.Sulph. Still there. Now a red bump w/o pain. should I see doc? Injured finger,sliced open,6 stitches. Cleaning properly and bandaged. Fingertip is burning,throbbing? Is this normal? Can cigarette residue on fingers or mouth cause vaginal bacterial or yeast infection through oral or digital sex? how to repair a torn tendon in finger from larceration my waist has a pain. and it directs to my fingers as electric shock. Why does liquid come out of my penis when I push? Can you put nail polish on a bruised finger nail? I have been tested positive for HPV , could this have been contracted from my husbands wart on his finger ?  can I get athletes foot on my fingers I cut my finger on rusty screw. Its been 14 yrs since Tenanus shot. I now have pain in wrist and swelling.will bos prev? I recieved unproteted oral and had protected sex anyway i could have ontracred something? Should I wait for the broken fingers to heal with the help of a splint or seek surgery Why won't my hymen break? I've been w/ 3 people and even through vaginal penetration w/ fingers and penis it wont break How do I stop bleeding of index finger while on blood thinner? The tip of my left ring finger and part of my left foot have both gone numb. What could this be and should I be worried? My husband has a swollen finger and now his knee and foot are swollen, what kind of DR should he see? My husband has a swollen finger and now his knee and foot are swollen, what kind of DR should he see? After I donated blood this last time, my fingers cramped and did what I term posturing. Wondering what causes that? I have a small lump on my penis, what is it? I have been with the same girl for 2 years almost and no problems.. can an injury to finger cause trigger finger 