Who should receive the flu vaccine? When should someone get the flu shot? Will a face mask or respirator protect me from getting the swine flu (H1N1)? Can a mask prevent swine flu? Does having the flu give you immunity against getting it again? Have there been any reports of lingering side effects after the flu or H1N1? Does anyone know how soon after you have completed chemo that one could get a flu shot? How do I know if I have the flu? Should I get the regular flu shot now or wait till the swine flu shot is available? Is the H1N1 vaccine a live virus or killed virus vaccine? What are the symptoms of swine flu vs. regular seasonal flu? Do you recommend the swine flu (H1N1) vaccine? If you have a cold can you still get the flu shot? Do the H1N1 vaccines for children contain mercury? When is the flu no longer contagious? What flu strain is the seasonal vaccine? Do my 3- and 5-year-old children really need to get the flu/H1N1 vaccines? My chiropractor strongly suggests against it. My 3-year-old is taking Tamiflu and I gave him Benadryl because his lips were swollen. Did I give him too much medicine? Is the swine flu vaccine for children a live vaccine? If there is a person in your family who has H1N1 virus, how long should we as a family stay quarantined? Should a pregnant woman get the flu shot? Is it true that if I get a flu shot then I will never be able to go without a flu shot for the rest of my life? I had the seasonal flu shot. This past Friday I was diagnosed with H1N1. Why should I get the H1N1 vaccine now?  Is the H1N1 vaccine shot safe for nursing women?  What if I'm still skeptical and don't want to take the H1N1 shot this fall? Are vaccines ready for the upcoming flu season? Can an 8-year-old with a cold have Flumist flu prevention?  Are flu shots a problem when taking pilocarpine HCL oral?  What are flu symptoms and how are they diagnosed? Is the flu vaccine safe for breastfeeding moms? Any problems with accidentally taking the flu shot twice at age 69? I read that people get flu shots annually because flu strains change. Do strains of other diseases change? What happens if an infant is given an adult dosage of flu vaccine? Last year my husband got his H1N1 shot and was very sick for three days. Is it safe to get this year's flu shot? Two days after my flu shot, my arm started aching. Six weeks later, and my arm still hurts. Should I call my doctor? My son got a flu shot and four days later, he got strep throat. Does he need another flu shot? How can I convince a reluctant child to get a flu shot? My 6 1/2-month-old has not been vaccinated for flu yet, and his doctor says he should be. What is your advice? Is it true that people with diabetes are more likely to catch colds and the flu? Can I use over-the-counter cold and flu medicines if I also take medication for a low thyroid?  Is there a better or different type of flu shot depending on where you live in the country, or are they all the same? What cold and flu medications can I safely take while breastfeeding? My son was misdiagnosed with swine flu. He had RSV and pneumonia. Does Tamiflu have side effects we need to worry about? If my son had the flu shot last year, is it still good for this year?  My flu shot last week was terribly painful, and now I can barely lift my arm. What is happening? I am female, had the flu for a few days w/ diahrea. I am having a mucous secreation from my rectum. Should I be worried Is Airborne effective when I already have the flu? I'm having surgery friday. is it ok if i get a flu shot thursday ???? i am about to be 23. can i be going through pre menopause? got a flu shot now theres a large hard lump where thet gave me the flu shot is this bad  Is it wise to get shingles vaccine and flue vaccine at the same time? is the flu shot the same as getting a whooping cough shot?  Is it advisable to get the shingles vaccine and a flu shot on the same day Can getting the flu shot raise blood pressure? If I am feeling flushed and sort of achy, can I still get my flu shot now? I have heard that the flu shot is ineffective for children and seniors - is this true? Do flu vaccines adversely effect people with an egg intolerance? does the flu make you sweat I'm just coming off having the severe flu and haven't had the flu shot this year. Is it wise to still get it? why would a RN choose not to get her kids a flu shot? As the grandparent is there anything I can do? If i took allegra at lunch and benadeyl before bed can i still take walgreens cold and flu relief too? After getting a flu shot, is there a period of time that I should NOT be around expectant mothers or newborn children? I'm getting over the flu, what would be the consequences of drinking alcohol?  I am 73 years old, can I get a flu shot if I have pneumonia My pediatrician says that my children need a booster 1 month after their first flu vaccine. Is this correct? If I have HIV and get the flu and go to the dr. should I start the meds he gives me right away or can I wait? I take supplements everyday and work out yet I am always getting sick and always feeling tired. What is wrong with me? How do I make a persistent dry cough go away for good? Can the flu shot make me achy a week after getting it? Is 99.5 a normal temperature for a woman? MY GRANDDAUGHTER HAD FLU SHOT THREE DAYS AGO NOW SHE HAS COME IN CONTACT WITH A CHILD THAT HAS THE FLU I'm about 5 weeks pregnant and I am experiencing menstrual like cramping could I be miscarrying? Is it possible to have both a cold and a flu at the same time? I have severe pain and cramping during bowel movements for the last week. Do I have the flu or something worse My friend says flu shots contain toxins; she doesn't get an annual shot. I get one every year. Who's crazy?  Last week I had the flu, a week later I had the flu again, but worse. Why would I get the flu two weeks in a row? Can I get a flu shot if I have an infection, but not taking anitibiotics? Can the flu booster cause permanent behavior change in babies (14 months old)? Length of weakness from flu Is there evidence showing the flu vaccine may help prevent heart attacks and strokes? My 3 yr. old has a 101.7 fever, shakes, headache, fatigue, and is sweating a lot. Is it just the flu? I just had flu and my cough will not go away. I've had a mild fever for 10 days. Pain in left chest/back when coughing. why can't I get a flu shot if I am allergic to feathers? Is it normal for the side of your face to go numb after having the 2012-2013 flu vaccine? What can be done about it? I am taking tamiflu for the flu but why is my throat still hurting after being on meds for 2 days? I had a flu shot in October, is it good for the whole flu season. I had a flu shot in October how long is it good for. Had flu shot in Oct2012.Have a fever101+,body aches and tired. Is this the flu even if I had flu shot? my daughter has a cough, mostly when asleep. No temp and no flu symptoms. Should i be worried? my boyfiend has the flu he's been taking over the counter medicine and its not working what can the hospital do How many hours into cold or flu can we infect others? Is it safe to say that after 48 hrs, we don't have to worry? is it a problem that my son is vomiting after getting the flu shot? I was diagnosed with the flu, have been on tamiflu for 3 days now, am I still contagious? Can you pass on the flu if you have had the flu shot? Will the flu be as strong if a catch it after getting vaccinated? Pregnancy symptoms, missed period, sickness, but nipple stimulations. Not sure? how soon after exposure to the flu virus do symptoms appear? i had a flu shot in october and still have shoulder and arm pain.what is wrong?  Is it now too late to get a flu shot for my kids? I thought you had to get it a couple months before the season began? Will flu symptoms be less severe after getting a flu vacciene, even though the strain that broke out wasn't covered? I recievd the flu shot in September. Would it help to get it again? Are there any updates to the current shot? Is there a test doctors can do to see if someone has the flu going around now? Should I be concerned or do something else? If someone already has the flu this year, can they catch it again this year? Or are they Immune for the year. IF I have already had the flu this season, should I get a flu shot? I am recovering from the flu and my ear pops every time I blow my nose. The first time was painful. What is this? My daughters got their flu shots today. How long does it take until the flu shot is effective? will adema from congetive heart failure go away on its own how long will germs stay on surfaces? Can i give my 20 lb infant Children's plus flu oral suspention acetaminophen? What would be the correct dose for him? Since summer 2013, I've been sick at least once a month with a severe sore throat. Could there be an underlying problem? My 23 yo daughter had flu shot in November but diagnosed w/flu after lab tests at Dr. Is this a different strain ?  WILL THE CURRENT FLU VACCINE COVER TYPE B FLU? When an IV comes out of the vein but stays in the arm can the fluids go into the lungs and around the heart? Does getting Flu shots over the years might end up giving you Alzheimer's disease? Can a cold develop into flu? My ear really hurts from blowing my nose. Everything is aslo really loud. Is there anything I can do to help it?  blood sugar over 500, kidneys shutting down, body temp off the chart had flu like symptoms, what could this be  I'm breastfeeding and i had to take Mucinex, it dried up my breast milk. What am I supposed to do to produce more milk How long can flu/cold causing bacteria live outside the human body? How long should your child stay home when they have influenza b? What is the average hospital bill for someone treated in an emergency room for flu but not admitted overnight?  Does the flu shot cause Narcolepsy how to know when a flu has tuened into a chest infection in a 3 yr old little boy? What is the best course of action for swelled Turbinets that block your nasal passages? This is the third time in 3 months that my child has had flu symptoms, she had flu shot. Could it be something else? This is day 5 of my illness with no improvement. I've lost five pounds in 4 days. What should I do? My daughter have temp 101-102 give her flu med but what ever she eat she vomiting what her sickness typeM I feel like I have a cold or the flu but I dont have a fever? can a stubbed toe causa flu like symptoms? Can I be forced to get a vaccination?  should i get a flu shot as soon as they become available and when does the flu season start and end? why are children easier or more likely to get flu? Can you drink wine 24 hours after getting the flu vaccine? I am allergic to egg whites and work in healthcare. Is there any flu vaccine that isn't made in eggs? I can't find 4 strain flu vaccine in Columbus, Oh. Should we get high dose now, or when will 4 strain vaccine be out? What antiboitcs are ok to take, for severe cold/flu symptoms, if you are currently taking Methadone?  being in the sun makes me feel feverish, I'm fair skinned, but light brown hair, very dark eyes 56 yrs old, for years received three virus flu shot instead of four. what can i get to compensate. have asthma Can I get a flu shot if i'm allergic to Rocephin? Is it true that if you normally get a flu shot that you need to continue getting them? Why or why not? can flu vaccines cause cancerI Is it safe to have flu and shingles vaccinations at the same time? Can I get the flu shot if I am allergic to Penicillin? can I take ibuprofen after getting a flu shot? Does the flu vaccine attribute to ADHD? Can taking the flu shot 15 - 20 minutes before taking blood test result in a higher than normal white blood cell count? how does flu vaccine increase blood sugar in a diabetic? post-fracture flu Can the flu shot cause heart arrythmia's and are these permanent? how long does it take to get rid of flu with tamiflu If my 1 year old is getting over a cold (nose is sometimes running), is it safe for her to get the 2nd dose of flu shot? I have a flu right now. Is it okay to take a bath? My mother says so, but she's not something I would consider credible. Hi I shaved my genital area andonce it started to grow bback I noticed I had some bumps in the area. Can a flu shot be the cause my 7 year old daughter is loosing hair? my grandbaby got real sick 3 days after she got the flu mist. Is pnemonia contagious if you got it from having the flu? Fever is still present and antibiotic hasn't been started yet. what does it mean when temp is below normal when is it safe to get flu shot after having mononucleosis? Losing voice and ear hurt after flu? I have been taking Tylenol cold and flu severe, and sudafed together. Is it safe to start taking a Z-pack? Is a person covered if they got an expired flu shot? Should they get another one?  Flu shot First of Oct. Got hives 2 week later. Going on 3 months. Can I be allegic to. Done seen Doctor. No help. how long does the flu last I just noticed blood in my stool, but have been taking high doses of ibuprofen the last few days. Is that the cause? iv fluids yest, dehydation. bug not flu. bad diarr today. threw up blood with latest throw up. should i be conserned My daugher is 4 and has the flu, if she is still running a fever for going on 48hrs when should I take her to the ER?  Why am I going from comfortable to cold to sweating throughout the day.  How long should I wait before bringing my 11 yr old with flu symptoms to our family dr? It has been 8 days. Are senoir's more vulnerable to Swine Flu !! My wife has the the flu does she have to go to th hospital right away? already had bells palsy--no symptoms now (had it last summer)--safe to get a flu shot?---I am 30--female can I take mucinex with tamiflu? I thought I had the flu, but now all the pain is in my head, could it be a sinus infection? Can an adult have 103 fever with the flu? How long can the flu live in your home What if I was ill when I got the flu vaccine can i get a flu shot while on antibiotics My niece is a 15-year-old virgin and just had the flu and now have blister like sores around my vagina. What is it? I am on third day of Tamiflu and feeling fine. Havn't had a fever in 48 hours still have a cough. Am I still contagious? Why did I get a migraine after getting the flu shot? And should I take it again next year?  I'm the only family member who got a flu shot, and I have the flu and they don't. What could explain this? I had H1N1 in 2009? Will my natural immunities help me from getting this type of flu again? Can flu test be done on someone who is on an antibiotic Am I contagious after completing Tamiflu? Can you take a cold or flu going out into cold weather with out a coat or protection? cloudy head with plugged ears I've had the flu for five days along with having massive episodes of yellow watery diarrhea. Suggestions? I have had the flu for a few days and now have developed a rash on my fore arms and hands and my knees and inner thighs. I took zitrimax for flu and am still on prednisone. Could this cause swollen lymph glands. Is it possible to have ammonia and flu at same time what causes foul breath smell during flu If you've already started Tamiflu can you still be tested for H1N1? Having a flu in college I was diagnosed with influenza A ten days ago. I still feel nauseous and have loose bowel movements. Is this normal? Am I more vulnerable to "catching" a cancer if I currently have the flu. Should someone who previously suffered from GBS get a flu vaccine? i have UC/Crohns Disease. what are some things for me to consider when getting a flu shot? Put eardrops in ear after having the flu (ear felt muffled) after putting my ear drops in, my hearing has became worse? What can cause severe leg cramps and night sweats? how does mono affect your immune system? Son has a Bruised back and is Vomiting after being tackle on Friday while playing football what should I do ? Will the flu shot affect my birth contol shot? Will it cause spotting?  Can I get a flu shot if I have pink eye? Paranoid and terrified of HIV - so I'm one of those super paranoid girls who thinks I can get HIV easily.  Will getting the flu shot or a meninghitus shot cause ketones? What is flu shots? Do they make you get the flu when you get the flu shot? The last time I saw my period was 6 weeks ago but all pregnancy test come back negative. I was on the bcp Femiane Does Valtrex diminish the effectiveness of the flu vaccine? I have always had normal BP, since I got my Flu shot 3 days ago, my BP has been 150/95. Can the Flu vaccine increase BP? Should dogs get flu shots Is the Flu Virus transferable through breast milk? I got my flu shot. Can I still spread the virus against which I am immunized by sneezing for example? I got my flu shot. Can I still spread the virus against which I am immunized by sneezing for example? I just got the flu shot yesterday and my arm feels heavy fuzzy and sore,especially in shoulder joint. Is this normal? will exercise while having a cold or flu get rid of it faster? 