How can I store food safely during a disaster? Can food and nutrients reverse the aging process? Is fast food really getting healthier? How can I make a food allergic friend feel comfortable eating at our home? Is it true that most of the food you buy at the grocery store is bad for you when it comes to cholesterol? When should I introduce my baby to solid foods? What does it mean if a food product is labeled light, low, reduced, or fat-free? Are there any foods that might counteract my allergy medications? My 8-year-old daughter was prescribed Tamiflu. Do you have any suggestions on how to mix it with food or drink?  Are there foods I can add to my diet to help my skin? What foods will impact the quality of my sleep? What medications and foods should I avoid before surgery? What foods have the highest levels of pesticides? Is eating primarily low-fat food the best way to shed pounds? How can I know if a food has a high glycemic index (GI)? What are some examples of a food's glycemic index (GI)? What foods are good for gallbladders? How do processed foods affect heart health? How can I reduce salt in my food? I have acid reflux and cannot eat tomato products. Is there another food effective for preventing prostate cancer? What foods and drinks may make incontinence worse? What foods contain magnesium? Why is processed food unhealthy? How can I make it easy to eat nutritious foods? How can it eat more whole foods? What are the symptoms of Food Poisoning and Safe Food Handling? I take Trinsicon and have a problem with stomach upset. Ive taken it with food and on an empty stomach. What can I do? My dentures collect food, are very uncomfortable, and are not held in by the glue. What are your suggestions? Why are whole foods good for me? What are food fake-outs? Why should I read food labels? What kinds of foods contain resveratrol? I am a 6'3'', 20- year-old male at 175 pounds and want to lose fat and weight. But how do I overcome my fear of food? How much extra food should I eat while pregnant? Can some foods be addictive? After losing 50 pounds, I've gained back 10 and always feel hungry. What food can help suppress my appetite? Are there any foods or drinks you should avoid giving children so their adult teeth don't come in discolored?  Other than carbonated drinks, and foods that contain sugar or acid, what foods are bad for the teeth? I occasionally develop mouth ulcers. It happens when I've eaten highly acidic foods. Are there any treatment options? I have little yellow-green bits coming up out of the back of my throat. Is this food that is lodged in my esophagus? How can I improve my denture bite? Some of my favorite foods are really hard to eat now.  How can my crock pot help me make fast, healthy food? What are the most healthy foods to stock in my refrigerator and freezer?  What are the best foods to stock in my pantry?  How can I begin to make healthier food choices? What kinds of foods will boost my immune system? What's the best way to pack convenient healthy food to go? My mom's cousin says she can no longer taste food as a result of metformin. Have you noticed this in your patients?  Are certain foods linked with healthy skin? I was told that oatmeal is good for the skin; is that true? When should I start feeding table foods to my nine-month-old, and what should I give her?  What foods should be avoided when taking Coumadin (warfarin)?  Will calcium caplets have the same effect if crushed up and added to food as they will if swallowed whole?  What foods I can add to my diet to help my skin?  How can I build white blood cells with food? I have a hiatal hernia. What foods can I enjoy? What foods are high in plant sterols? How long can you live without food? What food safety tips can reduce potential exposure to E.coli? How can I get the benefits of chia in foods and beverages? My nephew has ADHD. His mother feeds him junk food on visits and it makes him hyper. Can he use a blood glucose meter? what foods do you not eat when you have gasritis Are there foods and/or drinks that may cause acne breakouts? why do foods taste funny and I feel like I want to throw up? It started about 2 days ago My 4 yearold has a casein allergy, but has shown little reaction to foods containing whey and at time skim milk. Why? I just turned 30 and seem to be going through a growth spurt, is that cause for concern? I have pain in my upper left abdomen. I eat a lot of fatty foods and drink a good amount. I have no other symptoms. Why would somoene experience pain on the left side of their chest? my weight keeps going up, its not my diet or lack of exercise, thyroid test is normal, help?? How soon does the food you eat affect your cholesterol? How long does food you eat affect your cholesterol? When I swallow, it feels like food gets to a certain point and stops, causing pain, before going on down. Why? am i pregnant? Why I cannot reduce my waist line and weight even if I do sports everyday? could i possibly be pregnant? I only had a four day period ... 10/04/12. first 2days were heavy the last 2 were light... I was diagnosed with acute pharyngitis and came home, haven't been able to eat, barely drink, feel ill. is this normal? how can i ejaculate more? My husband's MD recently diagnosed slightly elevated glucose levels. It was 314. Isn't this too high?  Where can someone with multiple medical diet restrictions go to create a plan taylored to their specific health issues? When I try and feed my six month old daughter baby food she shakes her head like its sour every time. How can I reduce my waistline, I'm sixty years old, work out ten hours a week doing cardio, lift weights plus diet? Can you take too much protein (as in protein shakes, food, vitamins, etc?) my blood test showed low level of ferritin and little bit high colestral . what types of foods can i eat? My son has been lethargic for 48 hours now, vomited a lot on Friday night, but hasnt vomited since. Ideas? Hardly eating Can type 2 diabetes be controlled SOLELY through medication? A few times a week when eating, food seems to get stuck part way down. Don't normally have heartburn. What could it be? Can you contract herpes2 from sharing a cup or food with an infected person? Or from using the same shower or toilet? I am trying to stay away from glucose. I need a food plan that doesn't have glucose.  Question regarding wheat insensitivity..Can a non celiac be insensitive to wheat I am hungry all the time, no matter what or how much I eat. What could be causing this? How long does it take for food to pass through the stomach and small intestine to the large intestine? 4year old constantly hungry, cranky. Only eats frozen chix nugget, milk.Always been like this, ALWAYS.What to do? My 27 month old looks like she has all 20 teeth but complains of mouth pain and refuses food what could be problem?  Why am I developing multiple food intolerances all of a sudden? What does thrush look like in an adults mouth? PLEASE READ AND REPlY ASAP (my mom is vomiting after meal everyday) Where can I find out what quantity of omega-3 fatty acids is present in a particular food? It is not listed in labels. I am getting dizzy when I eat sugar and my legs also feel numb.  We are having some weight gain and growth issues with our 17 month old Is there a list of easy to cook/prepare diabetic foods in can/frozen/packaged form? Foods such as oysters are rumored to be aphrodisiacs. Are there any scientifically proven aphrodisiacal foods or herbs? What are some healthy meals that are not perishable and can be cooked in a microwave or require no preparation? What foods would taste good to a person newly diagnosed with pancreatic cancer? thanks I get tiny, itchy bumps on my fingers occasionally.  What food should be eaten or avoided when you have a hypothyroid? I am a vegetarian. Does diet impact psoriasis? What could cause food to not digest entirely before a bowel movement? Getting sick overseas. I'm trying to lose 70 pounds, I exercise at 6:30am. What's the best food to eat before strength training and for cardio? What are best natural remedies for high LDL (120). Other numbers good. I take fish oil B complex. Don't want statins. It takes me many toilet paper wipes to get 95% clean after my bowel movements. Why is that? foods habit for improve irection?  how long can a 94 person last on few sips of food/liquids each day? How can you tell if a food is a starchy food? Rectal area pain when #2 is low and ready to evacuate. Once evacuated no pain except for minor pain when sitting. After I drink a cup of coffee I almost immediately get an upset stomach. Is it the caffeine or the coffee? I feel fine, I'm in a great mood, but food tastes weird/funny.. Don't have an appetite. What is this? im on cumdine = so i cant eat any dark leafy veggies -what other foods cant i eat? How long does bacteria such as salmonella stay contagious on non food and water surfaces such as cloth car seats? What is the main difference in a diabetic eating "real" baked goods vs baking with whole wheat flour and Splenda? What causes sever abdominal cramping, gas, and diaherra? What is wrong with me?  When I defecate it is mostly undigested food I've been having flash headaches and fevers. what could it be? Direct me to articles on meat allergies either at Web MD or elswhere on the internet. Is it safe to mix sulfameth/trimethoprim with a z-pak? I'm a hepatitis B carrier and my baby wants to eat my food I contacted. What would happend? do i have acid reflux disease? My 3 year old just had his tonsiles removed. and he refusing to drink. Can giving him a bath help with hydration? I wanted to know if these symptoms could be something serious? Can you contract herpes from some one if they double dip in a communal dish? what food can u eat with gastritis until the stomach heals what can cause yellow skin and sulfer smell? I have pain in my throat, but only when I swallow. It feels like a lump above my adam's apple. What could it be? I feel like there is some food in my throat and now any other food won't go down. I am having trouble swallowing my food. it feels like i the food wont go down  why are sweets easier to digest? What foods do I have to eat to have enough strenght to do a lot of cardio? iron levels in blood to go lower?  inspiration pneumonia?  What diet for diabetic, kidney problem and heart patient? My friend has all of these problems. Are there any treatments for panic disorder above and beyond therapy and medication? I'm desperate.  Are there specific foods that can help lower blood sugar do i need to see my doctor about decreased appetite and nausea? Low blood sugar, what foods bring it up safely, avoiding a spike? Why is sugar bad for you . Also what is a accetable % of sugar in food products. Can you still eat carbs, legumes and dairy and still lose weight it seems like the answer is no based on expert studies Stray dog licked hand, do I need a shot hemorroids were bleeding for a week, and doctor said he needs to remove them but I don't have money. Can drinking a lot of hot water cause diarreah? having constant feeling like there is food in my throat, heartburn gotten worse, and i have thownup. hiatal hernia? What foods should I absolutly avoid to keep blood sugar low? how does insulin been produced? naturally, manufaturally? What exactly causes oily skin?  can I open a capsule of amoxicillin and give it to my 8 year old son, the doctor prescribed 500mg. he can't swallow it. My 8 month old is throwing up her milk (formula) only, not her food, could this be something serious? Can you get pregnant through clothing? My son was born premature/was 6 wk early when can I start giving him cereal/baby food? After vomitting and horrible diarrhea, I am still nauseas, dizzy and very weak 2 days later, why? How can I fix this? Is there evidence that chili pepper can cause hives? I have a mouth ulcer and sore throat Are their foods to avoid when taking plavix. How do I gain weight? I think I have an eating disorder. How do I tell my family and where do I go from here? 4 year old male child vomiting saliva and yellow bile I'm 42 female.Since 40, my armpits have had sour smell, without changing diet.  deep hunger pains after being sick for two days? What can I do to ease the pain because food isn't working. Is it safe to work with ringworm? Will Myrrh cause a false positive for a drug test? My Daughter will eat nothing for DAYS and will eat alot in 1 day then not eat for days agian. What is going on? Why does the my food not taste as good as it used to? i have a rash on the back of my hand that wont go away. had it for over 4 months and now its spreading. what could it be What is a good diet to follow if I want to improve definition around my midsection? I have random bouts of Blood in My Stool, I'll go a couple weeks where I'm fine and then it happens again Why am I gaining weight despite regular exercise and eating a healthy diet at what age is it appropriate to use whey protein in weight training? I've acid reflux and wanting to know what foods to eat, I know what not to intake, but what would be the select foods? I have chronic dry nose with tissue inflammation. All allergy tests were negative. What OTC products I can use to treat? I cannot gain weight and am becoming too skinny. how to log weight into food/fitness planner? My son is having problems with his kidneys and it's causing him to have high blood pressure what can I do to lower it? What foods can i eat to keep my liver healthy.I have Hep c and would like to know what foods I can eat to help my liver. My daughter is 18 and for some reason she has been very tired and sluggish, but very hungry, what could be the problem? LESS EJACULATION DURING MASTURBATION. IS IT I HAVE LESS SPERM PRODUCTION? how to gain weight  Pain lower right side everything comes back norma what to do? Experienced extreme chest pain, due to taking to much Advil.  I have to get a hepatitis A vaccination. What if I already contracted it (raw food) How do I know I don't have it??!  My medication says no food for two hours after I take it. Can I still drink coffee during the two hours of no food? How to gain weight back from unexpected weight loss, also having fatigue and nausea? Pregnant? Please help! does a chronic sore throat cause difficulty swallowing or throat spasms? Ive been on depo for 6 mnths now an after reciving my last shot I got sick What does this mean? does smoking meth prevent antibiotics from working im diabetic, is it safe to eat whatever i want if i take my insulin?  Why would my 3 year old daughter wake up at least once a week vomiting in the nght? is it normal to lose 5 pounds in a week without changing eating or excersize habits? Why do I keep gaining massive amounts of weight in a short period of time? What can I do to ease gastroenteritis stomach pain? how long is a tetanus shot good for? What can I eat until my fungal throat infection gets better? Can you give a 10 month old rice milk instead of formula? 12yr old daughter nuesa and pucks only one time in the morning every morning I am prone to recurrent uti. What can I change about my diet to prevent and treat urinary tract infections? when you can't digest food I have negative calories every day, like 1K. Is that why I am not losing weight? daughter diagnosed with gastroperesis. What can she do to help her digest her food. when i eat spicy food in dinner by the next morning my lips moved away like paralysis attack ..... I have been coughing up a sticky type of saliva. What is it? I am 35 years old had tubal ligation done almost 3 years ago. I missed my period 10 days late, could I be pregnant? I wake up nauseated and I get diarrhea each morning. Foods that I would normally eat for breakfast I can not stomach. Small part of throat hurts and has been getting worse. Now I also have an earache. What could be wrong with an 18 month old who is never happy, always bitches, cries, screams, and is violate? How do I lose the last 10 pounds? I eat relatively health vegetarian and stay active. Am not overweight, but not ideal. My wife is having problems with allergys to everything, out of no where they are increaseing in what she is allergic to foods high in fiber give me severe stomach pain and bloating,  Not sure if my foot is broken or sprained. It hurts pretty severly on the outside edge of my foot just below the ankle.  should fatty fried foods be avoided with pancreatitis  im 21 female and weigh 103 i want to be 115 are places suppose to cook shimp in the same grease as other foods Have lowered bad cholesterol but my HDL keeps on getting lower. why is it that now im off my diet i cant eat regular food without throwing up?  Can this overwhelming hunger feeling to the point of being nauses be a sign of being pregnante? Can I get a list of foods that can help lower my cholesterol levels please?  had sex 26th of May, 28th of May and 1st of June, 4 June morning tested regnant am I responsible had sex 26th of May, 28th of May and 1st of June, 4 June morning tested regnant am I responsible WHENEVER I EAT SWEET,SNACKS NEXT DAY THERE WILL BE FREQUENT MUCUS DISCHARGE ALONG WITH GAS what type of food should be eaten if you have hemochromatosis I have a fever, headache (past two days), lightheaded, I am constently hungry and thirsty, nightsweets, dizzy 29, male, non smoker, drink occasionally and fit. Last 10 months having ED. Last 3 weeks no sensation. Whom to contact When i eat spicy food, within 15 minutes i get loose-motion. it is a real problem for me. Please advice a solution. Sister cannot eat. Gastro Emptying Scan and Endoscopy negative. Losing weight. What can we do next? Please help. 3 yr old black lab/ newfinland mix. she is having full body shakes. she has been alos been losing weight. got sunburned a few days ago, yesterday both hands/ feet are severly swollen. no other symptoms. Could be sunpoision? can pain medication cause food to not digest Is it possible to have too few calories in a day? How many cups of food should a woman eat in a meal? can diet effect pain management. can certain foods inhibit pian relief or certain foods bad for certain conditions Pounding Heart After Eatting, Walking Up Steps Heart Races And Short Of Breath Inc frequency - episodes of sudden weakness, slurred speech, can't text, lightheaded, dizzy, sleep for 2 hrs then fine is it possible that i am pregnant with breast tenderness, breast itching, nasuea, headaches  Am i pregnant? I have been having cramping, nausea, headaches, food cravings, and constipation. low grade fever, lower abdominal pain, motion, frequent urination at night, unable to digest food properly what does it mean if a food product is labelled "real" ? How long can a person in a semi-coma go without food and water? I'm over wght/carrying most between my knees and waist. My legs look like cottage cheese/bumps what causes that? Are there foods/prebiotics that can reduce the amount of 'bad' bacteria in the gut? I recently lost 20 lbs because I wasn't hungry not eating. Now I'm hungry all the time I eat alot but can't gain weight Does the body actually need 64oz of water per day, or do other fluids count towards thia total as well? If more than four hours between breakfast(0530) and lunch(~0900) leads to being dizzy/nauseous. Concern? I get nauseated during a meal even though I am hungry? Could a diet high in acidic foods, such as pickles or vinegar, be harmful or helpful for gout ? What could this be? excessive sleeping in day ,continuous running thoughts and attention problem,suicidal thoughts,hoplessness, weight loss, Foods to avoid after gull bladder and appendix removal? what types of food should i not eat with a stomach ulcer? What foods can I eat with colitis Hi. Recently I've had horrible diarhhea. Every time I drink or eat food I have to use the bathroom. i think i have a stomach virus? i havent been able to eat for days, and it's been causing headache and i am always tired American living in China, 3 weeks of diarrhea and noticing food like carrots being partially digested. Concerns? I am restricting food and I've been feeling exhausted, as well as having a low pulse. Does this mean I'm anorexic? Is there a medicine or something you can do or take before eating certain foods to prevent diarrhea? I am in my first trimester and ate an unwashed piece of cantaloupe. How serious is the risk of listeria from this food? CAN I QUALIFY FOR THE NEW HEALTH CARE REFORM ACT? I AM ON SSD/MEDICAID WITH A SPENDDOWN AMOUNT OF $202.00.  For a long time now, it feels like my food gets stuck in my esophagus at the base of my throat. It hurts. What is it ? Do eating raisins good for heart? my dog we adopted 2 weeks ago they had her on adult food she is around 13 months should she still be on puupy food I had an allergic reaction (likely something I ate),can I just re-try these foods to determine which caused the allergy? does spice food effect ovaries Can I eat foods with Vitamin K while taking Nattokinase? How can you get a type 2 diabetics blood sugar down? Sudden gain of weight....pls help High cholesterol and history of prostate cancer Once on antibiotics, for MRSA, how long before it's safe to work around people (food products)? What is the best way to gain weight after being diagnossed with Chronic pancreatitis? Do eating raisins good for heart? What is a loss of equilibrium without being "dizzy"? Is only a PART of my brain malfunctioning? I notice that sugars are supposed to be under 25 grams per day. How is that possible when milk has 7 grams per glass? do sugar alcohols raise triglycerides? what foods to avoid with exema? Frequent, soft, yellow, stool? what to do if bowel obstruction causes vomiting Is meat that has been left in a car for almost 24 hours safe to cook and consume? What foods are good to eat when you have hyperthyroidism? What foods should I avoid? can a belly wrap help obesity what are foods to incrise level of HDL ??? are dairy foods bad for you when you have cirrosis of the liver, mainley milk what to do when your body starts rejecting all foods? How can I lose weight when I have depression? Can I get pregnant with Irritable bowel syndrome? Do certain foods help bacteria grow while taking antibiotics for strep throat? Recently I've been getting very nauseated with no warning. It happens day and night and doesn't appear to be from food. Could I have E Coli from this? Scared!!!!!! Does maternal food afect new born's T4 level? Are there any foods to make your frist period come sooner? What steps should we take? How does E coli get in my urine? just starting a diet and workout, im anxious about thanksgiving, if i induldge will it kill the prior 3 weeks work? i need to reduce my weight wts the food which i have to take to burn my calories soon I'm bleeding, but having pregnancy symptoms. Could I be pregnant? Can i eat food with cooked milk while taking amoxicillin? Can you be allergic to mold in your food? With gastroparesis: Is liquid food like Jevity good? already follow Jackson Siegelbaum diet for gastroparesis.. Veins are not visible for the blood test, what to do? Why have I all of a sudden started uncontrollably eating?  can you drain water from canned food and rinse to lower sodium? what foods or drinks can help my blood pressure? i'm 32 and had my tube's tied 8 years ago but latey i have been haveing pregancy fellings like feeling sick around food  Where can I find a reliable list of food values for things like apples, carrots, etc.? High metabolism and need to gain weight When babies are switching from breast milk to solid foods, is cow's milk neccessary? I'm 22,weight 47kg.I am under weight,i want to gain weight. Also I want to stop the bad habit of masterburating.pls help can you get sick if you eat food that a roach has crawled on? Do I have intolerency towards spicy food? what foods to eat to raise testosterone levels what happens if im not eating enough salt? My one year old drank some water from the Christmas tree with tree food in it bow he is really sick, could that be why? My 1 year old refuses to take sippy cup and wants the bottle Can you please tell me daily doses for vitamins and daily servings of foods to increase low blood platelet counts? can a dog have the cat royal canin canned food feeding fussy cats My dog has developed an ear infection and we have been treating itl All of a sudden he has been drinking and vomiting Can dogs eat oranges? my dog wont eat dog food Can a hiatal hernia put unusual pressure against the heart? Whenever i eat i get nauseas and heartburn, even the littlest amounts make me sick, what can it be from? White rice causes my stomach to become distended. Other foods do also but this one is the worst. Why? my husband is weak throwing up blood and stomach is enlarged  Opened 2 boxes of sausage that was in bottom of fridge. There was alot of mold. Can that make you sick? accidently swallowed Tooth/Crown hypothetically, if someone limited eating and refrained from eating food they once liked, would that be Problematic? Amount of Flaxseed for a 16yr/103lb teen? what natural food should be taken to reduce chances of geeting an attack My husband is experiencing diverticulitis pain. What foods are best to eat? Why do i feel like throwing up all the time, but i am hungry. I also have a constant pressure in my throat.  what type of food r vitamins can build up the platlets count, Normally. how long should it take for food/gas to move through the intestines? Is dry skim milk in oat cereal safe for my six month old? Do vitamins help boost a toddler's appetite? what can you take if you have anemia What foods produce cold sores? why do high fiber foods give me indigestion What can prevent Vitamin D from being absorbed into your body what foods do you suggest with mono being the throat is so sore  DHEA....Where do you buy it? Health Food Stores? Found thin red worm in food I partially consumed. Should I go to doctor ASAP? foods to bring down your blood sugar naturally. What is the best motivations that will get you started on your diet, i tried so many things but failed :( , plz help me MY BODY IS REALLY ITCHING ITCHY PIMPLES AROUND MY BODY, WHAT SHOULD I DO,TAKE,WHAT IS THIS, TRIED ANTI HISTAMINES BUT UH For immunodeficiency (two low igG subclasses), are there any diet changes I can make that would boost my low igG levels? I just got diagnostic and taking medication for diverticulosis what foods can I eat I am hungry my stomach still hurts Missed period please help If my child eats breakfest, he throws up. Any other meal of the day he is absolutely fine. He doesnt have any symptoms. What cat food should I feed my cat for urinary infection or prevention. liver disease What types of foods are best for an already cancerous liver What foods are easy for kidneys to digest Ive been unable to keep food or liquids down for almost a month Is canola oil bad for health ? I've had a uncontrollable cough for days with fever 99 a sore throat I work with food. Cough all day should i go to work Why won't my 5 year old son eat with his classmates at school? My seven year old boy refuses to eat anything that he is offered telling us he's not hungry. can sweet tea and cranberry juice with no food all day make your blood sugar levels high?  what OTC product will help with loose bowels,1st movement reg. then 2,3 times loose daily Is smoke food (fish,meat) not health for people over 70.Thank's. Edward Can a mother pass on hiv to her children by cooking food,giving medicines.applying hair to the scalp,serving cut fruits My period is a week late but the pregnancy tests are negative. Could I be pregnant? I need a list of foods high in Vitamin K. My doctor told me to stop eating them. How do I find such a list? Are there certain foods that should be avoided after ones gall badder is removed? is there such thing as feeding my cat too much wet food? If I eat Milk with coffee and cereals plus 3/4 glass of water in the morning, I'll be bloated? mom gets sever chills shaking and diahrea after eating certain foods comes on randomly. had pancreatic cancer is clear if my grandkids got chickenpox and i already had it can i go to work and not infect people i work in food service What foods contain high levels of Biotin? What fruits/vegitables can I mix in a blender to make a healthshake that has all the viamins/nutrients of a multivitamin does eating fat make you fat? can you get herpes lesions on your tonsils? Which food that I should take and avoid to banishing belly fat?  My cheeks flush after I eat anything and sometimes at random. It is hot to the touch. Why? which foods aggravate eczema? What can I do to increase my potassium? What foods have fiber without high sodium? Can suppliments like Whey Protein Shakes enhance height in a 14 year old male who is 5' 1'' now? I am 4'11'' weight 123 Lbs and waist is 36 inch. I want to reduce my belly. Please advise me the right process to follow I exercise and eat right, very healthy. Not overweight per se but need to lose abdominal fat, drop about 15 lbs Is it okay to mix dog food in chicken broth Why does my tooth hurt after a new filling was done? What are the limits of food after gallbladder removal? is it safe to wrap warm or cold food in a product like saran or other plastic wrap? I have two 12 year old indoor cats, who have dry skin, what should I feed them to help? Dry food versus wet food? In egg consuption how many a day is too many? I ate finger food with a little bit of rust on my finger. Could tetanus be orally transmitted? pain and pressure in sternum area, seems worse with physical activity, caused by swollowing steaming hot food What is the cheapest healthiest diet I can afford? What cod cause a severe allergic reation when you are not allergic to anything? how to control high LDL I need to be on a low potassium and low protein diet. i would like to know what food am I allowed to eat? what food can I offer a cat who has thrown up? She seems hungary but won't eat. After shower. Itchy skin leads to anxiety and panic. Usually fear of contact of sight of dirt and food crumbs and stains i ate junk food at midnight. I wanted to start my diet on a new day so will me eating the junk food ruin my diet? My fingers are swollen, painful, and itchy, what causes this? Why do I have trouble eating whole wheat cereals but have no problems with foods like brown bread and pasta? do cats cry? What foods and beverages should be avoided to reduce incidence of gastritis? Are there such a thing as "food addictions?" Why do cats leave home What foods should be eaten/avoided if you have fatty liver. Can any one suggest medicen for Epilepsy for dogs.. my pets is effected with it rabies? touched kitten with long time sick mother. tiny wound on my hand, possibly scabbed over but not sure. I cant gain weight, I eat a ton of food and dont gain a pound. WHY! Can Lactose Intolerance cause weight gain? If all my food rushes through, could my body be overdoing calorie retention? My stomach is disabled so why am i still bloated? When is it safe to feed kids hot sauce? Can you become allergic by eating to much of a food? blood count 10, daily vitamin with 100% iron,fluids, and foods, is it enough without an iron pill to bring level back up what foods should I avoice for meneire's disease? Pain in upper right quadrant of abdomen may indicate what What foods are good for liver health and to keep AST and ALT in normal range? my daughter has little white worms in her stool she has not eaten any raw foods what is it? My 9 year old daughter has gurgly and painful gas several times a week and bouts of diarrhea 2-3 times a month. After endoscopy, blood in saliva What do probiotic products help in digestion of food ? I started Microgestin 1/20 on day 1 of my period. Am I protected right away even if I didn't bleed that much on day 1? Can proper nutrition help kidney disease My son was born a noneater, but he changed at 6 (now 12) and now overeats. I was wondering how and why this happened..? How to increase adrenal function through food I really need help. Im Scared and worried. Please just read my additional infro and help. Should Liver Cancer Patient consume significantly less water, per doctor's instruction? Why is this? How does naturaly produce cholesterol of the body, differ from cholesterol in dietary foods? 3 year old. 12 days every time we give her food or liquid she gets bad tummy ache and vomits losing weight. What kind of food can I eat after a vires do plums have potassium? How long after the bouts with Pancreatitis subside can you begin eating small portions of bland foods? Why is corn syrup not a good ingredient in processed food but corn oil is good in fact even better than olive oil? What types of seafood brings on a gout attack? Is there any health condition a dog could have that would cause excessive barking? Is there a problem if child refuses to eat table food at 14 mo ecp nordette taken 12 hrs after unpro sex pulled out 5-6 seconds before eruption a week before period (last aug 26,2014) what are the symptoms of starvation Why is there urine in my semen and what should I do about it? What food or drinks to avoid when u have delayed ejaculation what object or food will give a person ebola? Risk of infection of cold sores It's not immaculate conception is it? My 11 month old will not eat solids. She is still breastfeed but should I be worried about her not getting enough iron. Got food pois. 5 days ago. So bloated and stomach has been burning ever since. Diff. to eat anything. Thoughts? is there any food that contains l-carnitine?? What to eat with HSP? What type of foods can I eat to help prevent or heal pylori or stop the bacteria from forming  when in night i shut eyes and think something negative i feel giddiness Why can't I taste food when I have a cold my husband has been vomiting coffee grounds for two months,  what foods cleanse the liver Why are spicy foods actually spicy or "hot"? What vitamins and minerals are best for absorbing niacin? Can gallstones cause vomiting and unable to keep food down is toast bad for you? I've been hearing alot about the dangers of burnt foods and their adverse health consequences I'm tired more often than not. Why? What do I do next? Insect found in feces--help, panicked Is this dangerous and what disease is this is? If i cook while I have a cold, can others catch my cold by eating the food? should I be concerned that a women w/ hep b vaccine was exposed to Hep A thru food service and had sex with her What could it be with my child (4yrs old) Cant keep anything down(food,fluids),with pain in his stomach and back? Which foods are beneficial for people with gout and which foods should they avoid? I stopped red eating meat to reduce my cholesterol, and want to know what other foods can help lower my cholesterol? 