What is hand foot and mouth (HFM) disease? My 3 1/2-year-old has strep and is taking amoxicillin. Can I give him Benadryl to take for itchy feet? My 5-year-old grandson cut his foot on glass. His relatives put super glue on it to close the wound. Is this toxic? I have seen those Ped Egg commercials on TV. Do those really work to get rid of calluses on the feet? I think I picked up athlete's foot fungus from the swimming pool locker room. How do I get rid of it? How long does it typically take to get rid of foot fungus? I am over 40 and my feet are killing me. Can I get dermal fillers injected into my feet so I can wear high heels again? What can I do to take off the wrinkles on my feet? My friend is facing removal of about two feet of her colon and I was wondering what she can expect afterward? My mother has Parkinson's disease. She complains her feet are sinking into the floor when walking. Is this a symptom? Which is better for an itchy foot rash -- Claritin or Zyrtec?  I have a plantar wart on the heel of my foot. Is there something I can buy over-the-counter for this?  My active 13-year-old daughter has gained a lot of weight this year. She is 5 foot 6 and weighs 198. What should we do? How can I manage swelling in my feet and legs during pregnancy? Can Adderall or MS Contin make my hands and feet swell, and cause severe joint pain in my hands?  Can adults get hand, foot, and mouth disease? Is it recommended to elevate the feet above the heart for a person with congestive heart failure and emphysema?  I've noticed a lot of loose skin around my knees and in the front of my legs. What can be done? I'm on my feet at work. I wear sunscreen, sunglasses and use eye cream, but Im still getting crows feet. Is there anything else I can do? My husband has been getting charley horses in his feet, legs and fingers. Is this a side effect of potassium chloride?  What can I do to take off the wrinkles on my feet?  I'm 24, have to work under the sun, and already have wrinkles under my eyes and crows feet. What can I do?  What foot care tips should people with diabetes follow? What are some foot safety tips for people with diabetes? why do my feet burn and hurt? Can a compression stocking be used to support the ankle after injury? COULD HAND FOOT AND MOUTH CAUSE SHINGLES? i have yellowish bumps on the instep of my feet can my blood pressure medication cause cold feet? I've been on blood pressure meds approx 2yrs. how to treat candida Rash started at base of toes and is now on thigh and some random spots on arms. Could this be chickenpox? Why does my leg ankle and foot swell the lower left leg is 3times the normal size and is purpleish and red. It also has little sores. what could this be? My feet hurt. How can a podiatrist help me? LAXIS CAUSES SEVERE LEG AND FOOT CRAMPS Sharp pain in top of my foot that moves to my shin. Not in the muscle it is in the bone. Then the other leg starts too I think I may have fractured my upper arm. What causes sudden burning sensation in the hands and bottoms of your feet? Hi,Im a 19 year old female who is 5 feet tall.Is there anything I can take that will help me gain a few inches.Please can an injury to foot cause dvt in thigh i'm 37 year old male six foot 1 inch and weigh 221 pounds, how much should i weigh? How long does it take for fungal meningitis symptoms to occur? Can i get hand foot and mouth disease without coming in contact with someone who has it? Could I have athlete's foot? Can our athletic trainer help me? My 2 year old vaccinations yesterday. Having trouble bending one leg and has brown spots on the bottom of that foot. The heel of one foot is very sore when I walk on it. Could this be related to my back surgery? it feels like both of my legs and feet are falling asleep. Uncomfortable to sit like its cutting off circulation to legs i have non painful, non itchy bruise like rash my the arch of my feet. What could it be? I have two large lumps on the outside of my knee - one above and one below. The one above is extremely painful. I have a sore on the bottom of my foot which looks like something pushed up in it. how do i remove. My 2 y/o's ankle/foot was crushed with heavy steel yesterday. No fracture on Xray. Is an Aircast Walker recommended? Why is the second toe on my left foot partially numb? broke my collarbone last week now my feet are swelling with fluid, any connection? Is it important to see a doctor if you have a pressure ulcer on the same foot as the broken toe but on the heel? When I fast walk, I have excruciating pain from below my knee to my foot? Why? would a gluten-free diet be beneficial to a person with type-2 diabetes? I have a gouge on the mid-tip of my thumb;a piece the flesh is gone; it keeps bleeding, no pain. How do I treat it? do corns hurt and itch? I am 60 years. Type 2 diabetic for 6 years. 5 feet 10 inches tall and weigh 275 pounds with a waist of 48 inches. Help I am having intense left foot and knee pain. They are both swollen and a redish purple. No injury can't bend my toes. I have type 2 and my feet tend to tingle and in the morning they seem to hurt till I get up and move. Is that normal? is ok to take gabapentin 300mg every night My 4 year old walks funny She turns her left foot in when walking it gets worse when she runs. which Dr. handles this? In addition to medication, is there anything that can be done at home to ease diabetic neuropathy? Is it safe to take Hydroco 5/325 and .5mg xanax? Why would one doctor a neurologist says I have prenicious anemia associated with b-12 deficiency and another says no why does the toenails on my left foot turn purple I woke up this morning with an excruciating pain in my foot. It is painful to touch and is hot to the touch. Not a cramp Is suffering with your feet burning up at night part of diabetes or of diabetic neuropathy?  Sir, 6 yrs ago both my hands and feet started to swell once a week and more. From 2 yrs Im having sore throat on right. I stubbed my big toe almost 1 year ago, it is still black and now the big toe on the other foot is starting to get black what causes body to stop producing oils? very painful foot pain i dont exercise because my legs and feet hurt so bad, what can i do to fix this ?" Reocurring foot swelling, redness, and itching? What do I do if my college roomates foot is turning completely blue after tripping and hitting it on the table earlier? I WAS PRESCRIBED AMOXICICILLIN FOR A FOOT INFECTION. I NOW HAVE A VAGINAL BURNING AND ITCH. SIDE EFFECT?  Vertical Black line on nails On feet all day should I have several pairs of shoe wear Why is my skin always hot to the touch?  for the last 5 months the area just behind the heel towards the bridge of my feet are so sore and painful that i stwh My husband has lost about 30 pounds in the last month. His feet are bad to. Could he have diabetes? My husband has lost about 30 pounds in the last month. His feet are bad to. Could he have diabetes? I have swelling, tenderness and heat throughout my whole foot. Could it be gout? can sperm live inside a woman one- two days before she is fertile? What do I do about flashes of pain in my hips and legs? Most noticeable at night. Severe enough to keep me awake. I am wasting away.. i stubbed my toe yesterday and now my toe hurts and i have pain going up my foot. should i go to the doctor or not? 33 year old male. Lump below jaw. Recurring staff infections on hands and feet. Significant loss in weight. Should I have a follow up on my foot? Would like to hear more about Post-Polio Syvdrome. Do you have more info? i have not taken any benzos for 2weeks or more yet still showes in system. WHY? I am 8 months pregnant and my feet are swollen and was wondering if it is safe to put epsom salt in my bath to soak in? What causes high fever, sores on lips and in mouth, general malaise. Patient is 15 years and has been treated 9 days How fast can arthritis develope in a broken foot. what can cause yellow skin and sulfer smell? i stand on my feet all day at work , my right heel hurts as if i have a bone sper, what can it be ? Can being in severe pain cause sugar glucose levels to rise to higher than normal levels? HUSBAND HAS SWELLING IN HIS ENTIRE LEGS AND HANDS AND HAS PAIN AND SEE BELOW. sore knee and tingling in bottom of foot I am getting leg and foot pain after standing for a long period of time What causes the head and arms to jerk constantly,even in sleep,which produces pain? I fell on the side of my foot a week ago and I still can't walk on it, should I see a doctor or continue home care? what is the likelihood of getting cancer from shining a 1 watt laser on skin? WHY DOES RUBBING "VICKS" ON THE BOTTOM OF THE FEET STOP A COUGH? I have constant rectal pressure and numbess in my legs and feet?? My right hand and feet are always cold and sometimes tingly. What could that mean? I twisted my foot 2 weeks ago and now have intence pressure and pain at the 5th metatarsal. What should I do? are spams in ligaments a symptom of fibromyalgia my sister had a miscarriage. when she gets up and moves around she has abdominal pain and flow gets heavier. is this ok drop piece of firewood top part of foot,bruised,swell within 2mins top part of my foot with the bruises it has red spots i work on concrete all day and i have flat feet. lately my left ankle has been hurting after about 6 hrs of work Rt. foot (top), pale in color, painful to the touch, and when i move it, feels as though my skin is pulling/stretching herniated disk: what is alternative to surgery? which of the 2 would be more beneficial in diagnosis, xray or mri? Does rubbing vicks vapor rub on the bottom of your feet when you have a cold work? If so, can I do this on my 1 yr old? what injury would cause pain in the knee but bruising halfway down calf and below ankle on inner right leg? My husband is in severe pain from gout! can you take ibuprofen if you got a cortisone shot in your foot? why do my outer most toes go numb and turn purple at times during Taekwondo (barefoot) and even at home? My grandfather has been laid up with a foot problem: Burning, aches, body-wracking pain, has been going on for 20 days. My left ankle bends to the left. This causes pain in my ankle, the bottom of my foot and my big toe. Dr suggests surgery  I cant lift my left foot Why is the skin on my feet peeling? My husband has been having pain in his ankles and feet and sometimes the shin area hurts too. Any ideas? My Legs fall asleep quickly when i sit down and my feet are numb in places constantly Can you have gout in your big toe without swelling? Hairline fracture of the right foot 5th metatarsal bone heaing time Which brand shoes are best for people suffering from arthritis? i have bruises and swelling on foot and ankle due to an accident, can I exercise? I have severe pain from knee down swelling and unexplained bruises on leg and my feet are like ice all the time 7 weeks ago, someone came down on my outer calf playing basketball. The bone is not broken but the muscle is still sore. bones-joints freezing What these reddish brown bumps on the bottom of my feet.  Started working my legs are swelling I am on high-blood medications I have neuropathy in my feet, my BMI is 38 Obese range I am only a prediabetic. If I lose weight will it go away? am I pregnant? am I pregnant? My feet, ankles, legs, hands, and face are swelling. I do take BP med but my BP and heart rate have both been very high. I have a sharp pain in arch of left foot when I begin to crouch down, and sometimes when walking.  can magnesium cause swelling of hands/heel of foot I am a 29 year old male, and yesterday i checked my BP and it was 160/89. Today its 150/74. Should i go see a doctor???? What treatments and type of doctor should my child see to correct his feet from turning in? Why I feel anxious when I am doing homework or while in class? Why I feel anxious when I am doing homework or while in class? Ive had 2 prior knee surgeries to replace/ repair an ACL injury. I now have constant pain in my knee, how do I stop this Jammed my third toe and have a HUGE bruise on foot around toe and the toe is swollen, excruciatingly painful AND shorter The bottom of my feet are numb - sugar check fine , no high BP , good weight ..what could cause this ? I cut my foot on the top and it has a piece of skin which seems to be reattaching should I cut it off I was just told by my doctor that I have Diabetic Neuropathy in my feet. I don't want it to get worse. Any suggestions? How to lose weight with little mobility? What happens when dying starts to occur?. Had feeling from my head ,slowly and heavily went down my body to my feet. . Lump/Bump on the outside of my foot. WHAT CAN I DO TO HELP WITH ARTHRITIS IN MY FEET on the bottom of my feet and they hurt badly I have a rash on my ankle. I have had it for 4 months, my doctor thinks its from tiny fish. Some kind of bacteria, help! I have cold feet some numbness in right foot and cold hands nearly constantly  my left foot is swelling and when pressed it leaves an indention that doesnt bounce back. What could this be? Pain and burning starting in the feet and going up body all the way to back of neck.(feet,groin,neck I am 21, I have a foot and ankle that is swollen. It been swollen every since 2007 and never went down. HELP ME PLEASE! I'VE BEEN IN PAIN WITH MY LEGS GOING DOWN TO MY FEET WHAT CAN I DO OR WHAT CAUSES THIS PAIN what causes a odor under a womans breast? It smells like feet. I have tried everything. Is it safe to be pregnant or raise a newborn 500feet from highways? swollen and bruised left foot, no injuries what causes whitish colored ova in stools that can be seen with the naked eye i am on a high dose of opiates for orthopedic pain. will doctor consider prescribing adderall to help with somnolence? The rotation of my left foot causes a major pain in the side of my foot, ankle, and runs up the outside of my leg.  Heel Pain Not sure if my foot is broken or sprained. It hurts pretty severly on the outside edge of my foot just below the ankle.  My daughter has a staff infection on her foot. Should she discard her shoes that she has worn? My fourth toe is painful, red, and swollen. It has fever and is extremely painful to touch. Also has small white spot. rolled ankle, swelling went down, it is still very painful, have a soft lump on the top of foot, cant walk after rest,  i stepped on a rusty nail 6/16/2013. i had a tetanus booster in 2008 after an injury. do i need to get another one now? How do you treat blisters on the bottom of feet caused by walking on hot pavement? what causes burning on soles of (both) feet? I run, while running I have had a pain on the top of my foot behind the fourth toe, a bruise shows up the next day??. Have a couple little tiny looking bite marks on foot and ankle. Get them every summer. Very itchy. Just had cast removed from broken ankle. More ankle/leg/ foot pain that before. Any exercises without going to PT? Pain all over my body, and it's just getting worse... what is wrong? My toe next to the big toe began hurting after I sprinted (I'm 50 and raced a 10 year old) to the point I am limping.  got sunburned a few days ago, yesterday both hands/ feet are severly swollen. no other symptoms. Could be sunpoision? i have lower back pain,pain in legs and feet.what could it be? My son is 5 years old and seems to be getting aroused with my wife's feet? why and what can we do? should we be worried? have little sore like things on the bottom of my feet they are not painful or irritating but look unpleasent. WHAT ARE THE SYMPTOMS OF MS. I have pain on the outside of my foot from my pinky toe to my heel it feels like a Charlie horse.  Spider bite on the ankle has become infected, deep red, hot to the touch. What wound care is recommended? What kind of doctor do I visit? Can being over weight cause arthritis in your feet? i'm18 teens young male. my highr 5'6 feet weight 49 KG so how i want to gain it..plz tell me sir... I broke my 5th metatarsal 5 months ago it still hurts what should I do? Did I break it again? Can i try the new fast diet(intermittent fasting)?  what is causing my babies face, arms, legs and feet to turn purple? both my niece and daughter are having a seizure like episode where there hands and feet curl. what is numbness in thigh with sparadic sharp pains cure for swollen feet Can athlete's foot spray be used for jock itch? No where on the can does it mention additional treatment for jock itch. can i use compression socks for swollen feet after chemo what causes swollen legs and feet My foot falls asleep while working out after recently injuring it, should I be worried it's not getting circulation? After lying down or sitting for a while I get up and my feet and legs hurt and its hard to walk for a few minutes. I'm 59 have neuropathy in my feet and they've been swelling in the afternoon I have a meniscus tear and will get a cortisone shot.How long do i have to be off my feet  Have been dealing with plantar fasciaitis. Now have severe pain on top of foot, cannot put pressure on it to walk. Can I switch from Vicodin to Advil without waiting for the Vicodin to clear my system? I hurt my foot a week ago (bumped top of foot on a sofa), it's still swollen and hurts. Do I need to see a doctor? Itching all over body, like scabies, but currently no burrows, could be early detection? I AM HAVING PAIN IN MY LEGS ALL DAY AND NIGHT WHAT COULD IT BE?  Broke my foot 5 weeks ago. It turns red when I stand up...what could that mean? Red spots and blisters on palms and feet Staying clean and healthy I am experiencing severe pain in both legs that start behind the knees and radiate down to my feet. It's very painful how to get rid of tinea pedis on hands and feet of a child under 7 years old  My son rubs his feet together before he falls asleep! Is this restless leg syndrome?  where can i get a cortizone shot with no health insurance? when should i go to er after a toenail is removed Last night, I stepped on an earring that I never wore before and it went into my foot. could develop tetanus from this? ANY CURE FOR METATARSALGIA can the two step TB skin testing cause numbness in your feet. Diagnosed with Patella Tendenitis and Physical Therapy for 2 weeks plus steriods, but it's just getting worse. i have pins and needles for a week now in my left foot, i have had back pain for a month which has shifted to left thigh foot pain  About Diabetes 2 : My father, age 77, can't feel his feet anymore. Forearm and wrist hurts and occasionally numb finger... Could my arm be broke?  my son gained a lot of weight and now has shortness of breath coming up stairs and walking...is this weight or heart??? Can Coumadin cause Peripheral Neuropathy? I had foot surgery 3 years ago and recently the same region of the foot that was operated on is hurting. Is it possible to have a broken bone in my foot and still be able to walk? Severe pain in my calf that is only relieved by bending my ankle/foot upwards - should I be concerned? What can be done for ankle/heel in teenage football player? I hit my foot 5 days ago and it still hurts...Should I see a doctor even though I can still walk? I hit my foot 5 days ago and it still hurts...Should I see a doctor even though I can still walk? can athletes feet infect the scalp what dr should I see for nerve damage in the foot? Are calluses and corns suppose to hurt the most after taking a shower. What is the best way to tone up your body? What could cause a random, short, sharp, and extremely painful feeling in my feet? im pregnant and my blood pressure read 126/94 the book that comes with it says its a hypertention measure should i worry daily symptoms itching all over, hiccups 4 times, gas, achy joints,night tingling legs feet up to vigina. whats wrong I spilled Ramen Noodles down my lower leg and foot, should i see a doctor? I fell wrong on my ankle and heard a loud pop. The swelling has gone down, but there is still pain. Sprain or Break? Can the smell of cigarette smoke (from about 50 feet away) cause long term effects?  feet become numb and cold after 20 miles of biking. not a problem in warm mweather. Why have I all of a sudden started uncontrollably eating?  I've had a cut on the bottom of my foot for over a week and if I step on it, it bleeds, what can I do to stop it? After walking in sandals in muddy trail in the carribean, the soles of my feet turned black. How can I make it go away? What does it mean when blood is found in my urine?  What sort of home remedies can a Tinea Pedis fungal infection be treated with? numbness and tingly Tickling sensation at the bottom of my foot How can you tell when athlete's foot is healing and the over-the-counter products are working? Is there any treatment for peripheral neuropathy?? I am 12 years old and have flat feet. Do I need surgery? i have been prescribed zoloft 100mg and effexor 150 bid. i have been taking for about 3 weeks. i am having problems Can a child get hand, foot and mouth disease more than once? During and after exercise I have ankle pain. It sometimes shoots down into my foot. What could this be? My 5 year old has lots of bumps that itch all over his feet up to his knees is 'softening of the soles of the feet, a sign of death what causes very thick nails on 3 of my toes I have a circular skin rash that appeared a month or 2 ago. My GP had me do a blood test, and 9 months later at my next app, I asked what were the results, he told i was diabetic!! Give you younger looking and vibrant glowing skin? There is something wrong with wrinkle reducer products? When will my feet stop growing? Am I close to being done growing? I am 15 years old 5'11 with a size 13 shoe Stood up after sitting in bed after drinking coffee and eye sight went black/felt like I was gonna faint/feet was numb I am always tired, feet swell up I can't feel my toes.I have numbness in my thighs and feet and my right arm and wrist.  Feet pain from working will nausea from alpha lipoic acid decrease with use I hit my foot really hard 3 times a week ago and it's still black and it feels like it's on fire plus I can't walk on it Can scar tissue move? My neurosurgeon says I need surgery for a ruptured disc. Will this heal on its own in time? Took a shot off my foot playing hockey, It hit the ankle bone, How can I tell if its broken? small itchy bumps on my hands and now my entire body itches and I have two large rashes on my sides. hello. i am a canadian in buenos aires. i broke my my leg.my upper part of fibula and lower part of tibia were broken. I fell down stairs a wk ago. Now my legs feel like they are pulling hurtful when I move my foot. Is that normal? Both of my lower legs, ankels and feet are EXTREMELY swollen. very painful numb and tingly. Red and blochy in color. neuropathy What would be causing my hands and feet to swell? Can I increase my height? Is there a way to see if I have a torn ligament in my foot without having surgery?  I have a lump on my left hand and my right foot that are painful. I have been exercising and started a heart smart diet, now my feet stay cold. What should I do? Does Foot Detox have a medical benefit Does Foot Detox have a medical benefit What can cause severe lower back pain in the right hip area? whats the next step in determining cause of my 6 yr old hives? how do i get DR to test for the"rare" causes. No interest for normal sex the ball of my foot just started hurting it feels like something is in it, or like its fractured/ I've stabbed myself in the foot with a belt prong, more details included, please help! I am 61,been exercising 3.3 miles on treadmill, 4.4 miles on bicycle,and a mile on walking track,everyday-have cold feet Problem of swelling in feet and ankles.  I have diabetes and RA and I like to do 5 k Walks. I am fine but my feet hurt so bad it slows me down. What can I do? tendonitis of the foot can a child's skin color change due to over eating citris fruits? My feet won't stop shrinking! Please help rolled my ankle and it was swollen for two days and very bruised, is it a sprain or broken? I have a severe fear of heights,recently when I stand less than two feet off the ground, I have an anxiety attack I have plantar fisheritis on both feet I cant afford the splint they want me to buy what can I use or do? Can changes in diabetic neuropathy be an indication of MS Is it possible to undo an ankle fusion? If I sat next to a research sceintist who may have been experimenting with radiation could I get radiation sickness? What would cause tingling numbness to spread from head to feet in about 10-15 sec and last for 5-10 min? Can finger cramps be caused by a herniated disc? I have a herniated disc between C6/C7. sprained my ankle 2 months ago. Bone chip and 2 fibular fractures. It still hurts on outside of my arch. Why? What to do? What's wrong with me I'm scarred.. 7 mth old sons fourth toe curls under the other toes born this way doesnt support weight on it rolls onto side of foot can you get shingles down the back of your leg and bottom of your foot? Sprained ankle 8 weeks ago. Still swollen below knob bone pain on side of foot both worsen with any walking; indicates? Sciatic nerve pain? for about 6 weeks, right foot only. cant move toes or ankle. Will i be able to walk again? What is the safest and most effective way to remove a thick splinter?  pain and swelling in wrists, hands, feet, ankles and feeling of snapping rubber band in fingers, sore muscles, knee pain can a severed nerve in the foot cause facial paralysis appears to be a callous on my second toe. tender to the touch or when i am wearing socks and shoes. any self treatment? How do I tell the difference between my eczema and poison oak/ivey? They look so much alike! Droped 25 inch tv on foot 4 weeks ago. Diagnosed with foot contusion. Still painful to walk. Appox. recovery time? I fell on my heels 3 years ago. It hurt a lot then but it wasn't fractured. Why does it still hurt when I am standing? Pain around bottom outside of both heels. Had tarsal tunnel release without relief. Developed neuropathy both feet. I have heard that soaking your feet in apple cider vinegar helps with toe fungus. Is this true? If so, how much to use? Feet going numb after hit head. Numbness, tingling in legs and feet Can you have blood clots in the vaginal area on one sidw mm Can you get blood clots in your vaginal area causing bulg  An old ironing board fell on my foot and considering that it landed pretty hard could it have fractured some bone(s)? have severe heel pain in one of my feet, causes? Why do my feet and hands swell when it is hot? I fell down stairs and bruised my hip/thigh on Tuesday. Today the foot on that leg is swollen. Should I see Dr? 11 yr old daughter gets dizzy and will be for hours. Today it was sudden and got very pale. muscle strain I am a female(40).My nerve is paining heavily from foot to shin especially at night(feels like it is being pulled). Swollen feet and shortness of breath are new symptoms of a 85 yr old who has congestive heart failure. Can plantar fascitits cause pain below the ball of the foot rather than the heel? if its a 8 yr old that has accessive sweaty skin has multiple blisters on foot is tx 2 lance and stay off foot? very sore ankle tenden Can you have Postconcussive Syndrome if you were told you didn't have a concussion? Red itchy bumps keep appearing on my arms and around feet Why are the two small toes on left foot swollen, sore, and purple at the end of each day? What cause legs cramps when you are swimming I have a rash on the instep of my right foot, that comes and goes, what could be the cause? can menopause have anything to do with swollen feet What causes a Charley Horse, usually while sleeping at night. Also, some nights my foot locks up. can i see a walk in clinic at a hospital My foot smells I had double neuroma cut from my foot 3 weeks ago. My middle toe is purple hard and little feeling. Should I be worried Fast heart beat after walking 5 feet in distance neuropathy in hands and feet  My 80 year old mother's left leg is swollen from her thigh to her foot however, she claims not to have any pain? Are warts contagious after removal? How do you treat neuropathy of the feet associated with secondary Sjrogren's Syndrome? Does ACL tear cause pain in lower leg and feet? lupus symptoms I have Crohn's disease. Recently I developed painful neuropathy on my left side. Any connection to Crohn's? 25 yrs old woman and I got my peroid at 12;I'm still growing in height and im almost 6 feet? caught my foot no pain a few days later i did is it possible to get a injury without immediate signs Im told no What happens if my caloric intake is less than what I should be getting due to exercising and eating less? Could Lyrica affect me with the Lisinopril. By blood pressure was very low when I saw my PCP on Friday I was exposed to high levels of noise within 3 feet of me for 18 hours at a time when could this surface as an issue Just recently, my big toe has had a dull pain throughout the day. What could cause this? I have anxiety, i was put on welbutrin. Last night was so bad felt I was suffocating I couldn't get enough air, normal? I have excessive swelling and discoloration of my legs and feet. Have cirrhosis. What does this mean? Should i consult the doctor if i am ra positive? Sciatica  I went for a long 3 hour walk and now have pain behind the knee and arch of my foot. can varicose veins cause this pain? Is hand foot and mouth the same as rubella can fungal infection spread to the penis?? Family history of kidney cancer, eclamptic with pregnancy, now have swollen feet/ank that wont go away should I worry? What foot injuries can cause bunions? I've had discolouration on my left foot since about January. It started small but has gotten bigger by the month? Am I obese? I have bone spurs on top of foot below big toe. What is surgical procedure to fix problem Missed period 7weeks, foot and ankles are swelling and back pain CAN NEUROPATHY SPREAD FROM ONE ,LEG AND FOOT TO THE OTHER LEG AND FOOT i have what looks like blisters that would be on your feet, on my inner thigh.. what could it possibly be ? I dropped a cupboard door on my foot, why is it painfully swollen and my toes are black? im as 55 year old male with swollen lower legs and feet im short of breath and completley out of energy. help I have jumped from a 4 foot desk and I can barely walk. What do I do??  can poor circlation in legs cause extreme swelling in feet and lower portion of legs. is this dangerous the nerve in the bottom of my foot starts to iching so bad i scarch it so that it swell up . What can cause a burning sensation to appear suddenly on the soles of the feet and turn into fiery pain on standing up? how do i exercise with osteoarthritis and patellar tendonitis in both knees and falling arches in both feet? What is Trench Foot I am female, aged 76, five foot one, and weigh 42 kgs. All I want is to gain weight. Am skeletal. What to do for pin worms on foot can kidney issue cause premature ejaculation / ed ? I injured my foot a year ago by landing on it backwards from a flip. Hasn't healed yet but no bone break. Will it heal? The tip of my left ring finger and part of my left foot have both gone numb. What could this be and should I be worried? I get severe cramping in my hands and feet almost daily, I am a African-American male 67 years old , is this a stroke? can peripheral neuropathy and bipolar be related I'vebeen dx'd with hypothroidism and am taking Levothroxine for approx 3yrs, but my symtoms remain the same. My husband has a swollen finger and now his knee and foot are swollen, what kind of DR should he see? My husband has a swollen finger and now his knee and foot are swollen, what kind of DR should he see? in winter i have cold feet and toes pain,sweeling and redness and can't walk Cause and Cure for lower leg cramps? My husband spent an hour in the hot tub. He is now dizzy and disoriented. What should we do? My 2 year had hand foot and mouth illness. My question is how to stop it from reoccurring? Why am I still in pain 2 years after surgery? I'm a 19-year-old male who is 5-foot-8. Can human growth hormone (hGH) pills help my workouts and make me taller?  