I take a shower everyday and I wash my hair everyday. I wash my face twice a day. So why can't I get clear skin? I am a guy and I get ingrown hairs on my face from shaving. No matter what I do I can't get rid of the bumps. Help! Do home laser hair removal systems really work? They are not cheap. Are they as good as professional laser hair removal? Will prenatal vitamins help my hair grow faster? If I shave my face or lower arms, will the hair grow back in darker or coarser? I have polycystic ovarian syndrome and I have lost hair on my head. What can I do to fix the hair loss problem? I am sick of shaving my legs. I get bumpy skin and my legs never feel smooth. Does laser hair removal really work? I have seen the Vaniqa facial hair removal cream commercials on TV. Its too expensive! Is there a cheaper alternative? Can a laser be used for a Brazilian hair removal? How do I inquire if this can be done; it's rather embarrassing to ask. My skin is irritated after I treated a flea infestation in my hair with kerosene. How can I reduce skin irritation? What type of docotor can help me get rid of unwanted facial hair on my cheeks, chin, and neck? How can I get rid of unwanted facial hair? What is laser hair removal? How can I prepare for laser hair removal treatment? How can I keep my hair and skin oil-free in the summer?  Can lithium cause my hair to fall out? How can I prevent split ends in my hair? Does suncreen contain any type of chemical that would create more facial hair? Is it safe to have laser hair removal for my unibrow, so close to my eyes?  I have been wearing hair weaves for four years. Now my hair touches my shoulders. How can I keep growing it out?  I am an African-American female, and my hair has started to thin and fall out. How can I stop it?  I had maxillofacial surgery, and have metal plates in my face. Can I receive laser hair removal on my chin and lip area? I have residue in the part in my hair. Ive tried switching shampoos/conditioners, and it didnt help. What should I do? What is the most effective way to remove facial hair from the chin and lip area? Do lasers work as well as electrolysis? I am African-American and have alopecia. Would using Rogaine for men help my hair to grow faster, and is it safe? I take atenolol, flecainide, hydrochlorothiazide, prednisone, and warfarin. Do any of them cause thinning hair? Many women in my family have facial hair on their chins and jaw. I have dark marks from shaving. What do you suggest? I am a woman in my late 30s. I have undergone laser hair removal treatments for my chin. However, after several treatmen My skin is irritated after I treated a flea infestation in my hair with kerosene. How can I reduce skin irritation? I'm a 51 year-old female, and have hair on the sides, upper lips, and under my chin. What can I do to stop the waxing?  I am a vegetarian and my hair is falling out. What can I do to solve the problem?  I want to have a clear upper lip and underarms. Which hair removal treatment is the best?  As a woman, what can I do about facial hair on my chin?  i had an ingrown hair on the shaft of my penis, i got it out but its not really healing, what can i do to help it Are there foods and/or drinks that may cause acne breakouts? I have PCOS. Why do I gain weight if I'm active and eat well? Can I get back to the way i was last year (100 lbs less)? I suspect my birth control is making me lose my hair, if I stop taking Birth control, will I lose even more?  Is it okay for vaginal discharge to come out while receiving oral sex? Hi, I am having an issue with my vagina lips. They are very itchy and irritated.  Some sticky liquid is coming out of my head this happened after using hair colour please suggest some remedy can you have babies if a dog hair touches you on my forhead i have a quarter size lump that itches. it looks like a bruise but i didnt hit my head on anything What can cause small head bumps that are sore? why is my right eye bloodshot in the morning? It doesn't itch or burn. Can't even tell it's irritated. Why am I losing my hair after weight loss surgery and how do I stop it? i have this bump on my head, its penny size and all of the hair fell out but is growing back now, small blood dot in it How effective is laser hair removal at treating keratosis pilarus (especially on arms)? can biotin cause weight gain Ingrown hair or STD?  How do I stop picking my hair out? And, what kind of medication could I use to grow my hair back? Can a low ferritin level cause hair loss and heart palpitations in women? My ferritin level is at 12. A dog hair has gotten stuck in between my fingers. There is a large bubble and my hand hurts bad. What to do? Male, 25 yrs old. I have low T. CAT scan shows no pitutary tumor.Symptoms, low sex drive,fatigue,mild depression. Cause? Male, 25 yrs old. I have low T. CAT scan shows no pitutary tumor.Symptoms, low sex drive,fatigue,mild depression. Cause? Is there a natural way to grow hair? I have what I believe is a wart on my scalp at the hair line. Can I use compound W on it? i just started to get white hairs on only one eyebrow. why is this and will it go back to its normal color 25 year old female long dark hairs above and below belly button, on my chest, neck and around the nipples. whats wrong i think im having a outbreak of shingles on my head what can i do to stop the feeling i need to pull my hair out?  Is hair loss a part of menapause, and will it stop? I have a six year old who has peach fuzz on her upper lip but because she has dark hair it is visible to her and  I am a 22 year old male and i dont have facial hairs. Am i normal or am i having low levels of Testosterone? what causes body to stop producing oils? do pinworms attach their eggs to hair roots how do you care for an open wound after basal cell cancer surgery on your scalp? I have a re-occuring scab like crust form on my scalp. Olive oil softens it to be removed. What is it exactly? Can hair color applied to head kill lice? My hair has been falling out for almost a year now. cyst like structure under follicle in groin area. hard and caves inward. should I worry? is there any treatment for hairloss for teenagers? i have a small lump just underneath the surface of my skin. its like a hard marble, it is not painful. what is it? I am a 45 year old man and have little facial hair, basically I have no sideburns. What can i do to promote hair growth? I seem to have had an alergic reation to hair color. My scalp is red and burning. What can I do to relieve this? I have a "bump" swelled slightly in arm-pit area. It's sore, redish and I can pinch it with a couple fingers or so.  Why would Keratin shampoo make my hair fall out? As soon as I quit using it, it stopped.  how do you heal small cuts near the vaginal opening anus? Large redish pimple like bump in pubic hair, painfull at first. could it be an std? Does bulimia effect the hair. Accidentally stabbed ear with q tip can I lose hearing from this? I have a pilonidal cyst, that is leaking small amounts of pus mixed with blood throughout the day. Should I go to the ER I have what appears to be a pretty serious dandruff condition on my scalp and under my facial hair. What can I do? Why did his hair grow back white?  Why has nearly all my under arm hair disappeared in the last couple years? i've had diarrhea for a few months now my skin breaks out bad and i havent had a period in over 40 days and i have cramp Our 3.5 year-old daughter has a, "unibrow." Is waxing recommended? is monistat safe to use to promote hair growth? scalp ringworm lotrimin and flagyl 3 days 1spot looks better but it has spread to other areas scalp. when stop spreading what causes hair lose on your head eyebrows eyelashes arms? Am I still growing and going through puberty? can long hair cause migraines I DON'T HAVE ANY MEDICAL INSURANCE. IS THERE A CHEAP QUICK TEST THAT I CAN TAKE TO DETERMINE IF THIS IS MY PROBLEM? Are there any medications to take to prevent hair pulling/trichotillomania? I'm 5 1/2 mths pregnant with a boy, and many people are telling me I will grow dark facial hair.. if so what can i do? I likely have PCOS and got malaria 4 months ago. Now my scalp hair is falling out - PCOS or malaria? My scalp itches severely (even after washing), occasionally gets hard crusty build ups and my hair is weak and breaking. my daughter used a bikini razor to trim her private area, just shortened it and now it hurts really bad, what can she do My 14 year old son eats my hair. Now he has a bald spot from eating his own! What causes him to do this? my hair falls out in the shower, brushing it and while just running my fingers through (handfulls) help. not normal plz I get severe common cold accompanied by frequent bouts of sneezing if I miss up the monthly schedule of hair cut.  i wore a combat helmet too much in afghanistan my hair is thinning, will it grow back or what can i do to help I wrestled in high school and cut a lot of wieght. Now I am worried I have caused low testosterone in my body. Can laser hair removal treatments on neck hurt vocal chords? I took one 30mg Adderall about 4 months ago. What are the chances it will show up on a hair drug test? can i go through puberty without one testicle I have a hard moderately painful long spot near my clitoris. NO discharge, smell or puss, what could it be? can hair dye cause swollen lymph nodes? After being sick, I feel like I have hair stuck in my throat and I have a tiny knot under my chin. What could this be? my son sleep with his dog alot of dog hair on his bed and banket is that bad for his health I have had TRUE test done and I am allergic to the PPD's in dark hair color. Is it safe to get Tattoo? I have a red bump on the shaft of my penis. I'm scared it might be herpes as I have recently had sex with a new partner  im having crawling sensations in my varginal area ? What are my risks of getting HIV or stds? Noticing thinning hair. What could be causing this more, minocycline or neurontin? can you get genital herpes above your genitals where your pubic hair grows. without have any on your penis? I'm 19 years old and my hairline is starting to recede. How should I take care of my hair to stall further loss? Seconday amenorrhea with normal hormone panel why is my hair loss is only before ovulation? Pubic hair growing out of my urethra. What should I do? If I have PCOS and I get my period on a regular basis can I still get pregnant as easily as a normal woman? Just turned 13. I have chest hair! I am about 6ft. Doctors said I'd be 6'4". Am I done growing? Just turned 13. Have lots of pubic hair and body hair. It seems my penis hasn't grown at all... What's should I do? I am female, I shaved my face to get all peach fuzz. Now I am breaking out badly. how soon can I safely color my hair after surgery for a brain aneurysm? how to treat allergic realtion to hair dye ? should you use ice or heat after picking an ingrown hair to keep the swelling down?  When will I get My FIRST Period? Is it normal for 6y boy to play with his self. He is going to his room and under bed covers is playing with self. My 4 year old daughter has pubic hair? is nasal hair trimming bad? infection etc Does stress cause gray hair? is it true that oils help black hair grow? If so, which are best recommended pre-employment hair drug test finger tips crack/malnutrition? Took 3 500 mg hydros 1yr ago they took hair off my leg will I fail hair drug test? what makes guys have more body hair then others Does wellbutrin and/or zoloft cause hair loss? Can bed bugs live in human hair can you wash hair with staples in it? being in the sun makes me feel feverish, I'm fair skinned, but light brown hair, very dark eyes 56 yrs old, for years Facial Hair Is using baby powder or dry shampoo between shampoos bad for your hair? how to get dust mites out of hair why do I have gray pubic hair at the age of 43 If you get blisters on the front where the hair is not underneath is that herpies? There are never blisters on lips. do eye doctors use tweezers to remove hairs that are embedded underneath your cornea why did my period stop? How can I get it to start again? If I shave my forehead with a razor, will any hair grow there? Can a pulled pubic hair become infected?  I have little black bugs in my hair. They are NOT lice, fleas, ticks or bed bugs. What are they? What vitamins can I take to help get my hair full again? I'm having itching in my genitals. Puffy dried out black lump, is it melanoma?? Twenty-four year old daughter losing hair. Tested positive for auto immune, but negative for lupus. Any suggestions? I am on narcotic painkillers and my hair has become brittle an dull. What Shampoo should I use? Garnier isn't working. Can I fix a scar on my head? What can I do to boost iron and vitamin d levels If I go outside with wet hair will I become ill? Can doing this cause a person to catch a cold? Small brown spots around breasts? I'm 14 1/2 and still dont have my first period! HELP!!! will vinegar change hair color No pcod but still chin hair and acne is hair removal a possible solution to combating the recurrance of a pilonidal cyst? HIV Possibility? I am 21 and losing hair on my head.I have little Facial hair.Is it true you wont go bald unless u have a beard? Can a flu shot be the cause my 7 year old daughter is loosing hair? Are there negatives to taking premenopausal supplements when I'm in my early twenties? I'm 27, M.Loosing hair rapidly.Hv heavy sticky dandruff (drying in winter) n itchy scalp.pls help.Can I use hair oil. is it true that im skinny because I have really long hair and all the nutriuents are going to my hair? what would cause hair to fall out of my beard in patches and not grow back CAN I DYE MY HAIR WITH BELLS PALSY? If I have had a full hysterectomy due to Uterine cancer and can't do hormone therapy what are my optopns? can you lose you lose your hair with being a type to diabetic I'm23 year,female.my hair quantity decrease day by day,scalp remain hot mostly.how to increase the quantity of my hair?? can estradiol it cause hair lose Why is hair coming off on my hands while shampooing? Why should women remove there body hair? When will boys stop growing after puberty? Our son is 13 and has armpit and pubic hair. No facial hair.Voice changed. how much promethazine with codeine would it take for me to fail a hair test? Is Apple cider vinegar good for your hair why would my hair have a chemical smell almost like a sulfer smell? What vitamin should you take for splintering fingernails and breaking hair? Foreign objects injected into bloodstream  Is it Possible to go bald without being able to grow a proper beard?  I hit my head 3 days ago. Throbbing pain hurts to touch and when not. Should I get it checked?  My 60 year old husband touches me at night andit stings my body. his side of the bed turns an orangy color over time, my daughter has keloids on her scalp. what can i use to remove them? Yesterday I had a swollen spot on my labia that I squeezed. Pus came out and now there is a hole. What could that be? why do I get a pimple in my pubic area after I trim my pubic hair? What should I do about my hair problem? Why do u lose body hair when u have heart disease I have recently noticed hair thinning (24 year old male). i think its due to poor diet/sleep. How long til it grows back Should in grown hair's have red bump with white discharge with blood following it? hypothyroidism, does this make your hair fall out in unusual amounts?  I have painful bumps on cheek and chin that developed after using hair trimmer to remove fine white facial hair whats it I have had 5 once a week injections of methotrexate 1ml could this be why my hair is falling out?  Female, 26, hair thinning all over head since teenager. Thyroid is normal, no health issues. Tried vitamins, topicals. why does my head hurt when my hair growws, its even sore and painfull to the touch. My bf shaves his pubic hair and gets sore, red bumps down there. Can a creme like Man1 Man Oil help? Can a UTI cause bumps/sores near your vagina? I have sores on my scalp and think conditioner is the cause. Will I fail my hair drug test because of my perscription medication? How severe is a Class III allergy to dog hair/ dander?What are the correct preventative measures? everytime i shave i get ingrown hairs/boils in my vaginal area. how do i prevent this and treat it? Everytime I shaveI get ingrown hairs/boils in my vaginal area. How do I treat and prevent? my 3 year old boy is affraid of almost every thing what to do? Can a mother pass on hiv to her children by cooking food,giving medicines.applying hair to the scalp,serving cut fruits Can sharing a hair brush or comb transfer eczema from one person to another? I popped a small bump on my virgana it had what looked like a small seed in it. It was painless but won't stop bleeding. swelling on legs and falling hair is any symptoms of liver probloms? I could smell pot being smoked from another room will It show up in a hair test can someone give me a definitive answer,?i am really confused I have histrionic personality disorder? HELP!!?!?!? What color is my hair? It seems to me that it is dark brown, but then in the light it looks like it has red in it. why does grey hair itch so much? Allergic Reaction to hair loss product? What color is my hair? My husband has never had hair on his legs. Is there a medical reason? Why does a man need to remove hair from his chest and legs? does any form of chemotherapy make all you hair fall out? 1What is the standard signs that boys end puberty2.Are there any relationship between height growth and body hair growth I am 26,experiencing hair loss.Started using Rogaine 1month back.Losing 10-20 hairs every time I apply?Should I continue Skin Problem I noticed a small lump in my armpit about a month ago. It has gotten larger and has become painful.  Small dark colored bumps near vagina How often should you shower? what are the blood tests for hormone imbalance Why am I so uncomfortable all the time? can perming a girls hair kill head lice and nits Is it really safe to use baking soda and or white vinegar in your hair when washing it?  Can I have hair colored? I am 15 male and been exibiting hair loss, Please help, more info below what are good vitamins for chemicaly damaged hair? is milk creme good nutrient for hair growth My hair started falling out after losing weight. What should I do? what causes hair to smell bad and change color my mom has stomach and colon cancer, she wants to color her hair. is this a good idea? I am 35yo man don't have body hair and facial hair .How can i get?I have mustach but like teenagers. Can I give my dog both benadryl and aspirin at the same time? Is pubic hair removal dangerous or needed for hygiene? I start sweating for no reason starting on my hair line the back of my neck to the point that it just pours off of me. Ingrown hair on my legs is my diet effecting my hair? HELP Please!! Is my diet effecting my hair? is my diet effecting my hair? I need answers from doctors or nurses if possible: is manic panic hair dye safe for unborn children? What can I use to make my hair grow faster if I have Alopecia?  Besides the obvious just don't smoke, how can I pass a hair drug test and I smoke everyday. I have had a recurring bump on the shaft of my penis for a little over a year. Its red but doesnt hurt. What could it be is a male sterele if he doesn't have hair on his chest? My daughter has hair growing out of a mole on her face. Is it ok to wax the hair out? What can I do to control escessive sweating? I have these small white specks, slightly smaller than dandruff in my arm hair what are they? Is coconut oil good as a hair treatment and how often can i use it? Took liquid hydrocodone about a month ago got a hair test next week will I pass only took 1 dose Under my arms, on my legs, and in my pubic hair, I have multiple hairs in one pore/hair follicle. How can I cure this? how to remove mated cat hair How do i get rid of in gown facial hairs? PLS HELP!! This is KILLING ME!!! Since I had brain surgery before, is it bad for my health if my boyfriend pulls my hair roughly? When do the masculine features of the male body stop developing, e.g. increase in facial hair growth area, shoulders etc Penis size Can I use Calamine lotion on a sympton like heat rash? Why am I suddenly oily and breaking out? Hair do we humans have hair glands i popped a ciste i thought and hrs latter my skin was seeping tiny black things  will not go outside. will not go outside. Does Prozac cause hair loss I have a patch of hair missing. Why is that? 32-y.o. female, 5'2", 145 lbs. Symptoms:dizziness, EXTREME fatigue, brain fog, loss of hair,no sex drive, irritability. What is the cause of a small, sharp pinch on my back between my left shoulder blade and spine? Can estrogen pills cause hair loss on your head? i am having hair loss since 3 years. the irony is that till today i am unable to know the cause of hair los . How can I slow down the growth of my beard? Is it normal for pores (that contain the hair follicle) to still be as large after hair-removal on say hands or arms? does stress cause low zinc levels? does anesthesia cause hair loss? 