What are the different surgical options for treatment of arthritis of the hand and wrist? What is hand foot and mouth (HFM) disease? What can I do about brown spots on my face and hands? What medications and first-aid items do I need to have on hand before my baby comes? I have a burn on my hand and a slight red line that goes past my wrist. Is antibiotic salve enough to prevent infection? I burned my hand with hot water and its starting to blister. Are there any at-home things I can do to promote healing? I have a bad burn on my hand. I am using antibiotic cream and keeping it clean. Do I keep it covered or uncovered? I have warts on my hands. Will those wart remover products at the drugstore work? Can a dermal filler fix my bony looking hands? Who does these types of injections? What can I do to improve the appearance of wrinkles on my hands? I have itchy bumps on my forearms and hands that look like poison ivy, but they don't ooze. What could it could be? I have been experiencing hand and lower arm tremors. Is the herbal treatment Limbarax safe, and will it help? Can Adderall or MS Contin make my hands and feet swell, and cause severe joint pain in my hands?  Can adults get hand, foot, and mouth disease? I have very dry hands that are cracked. What should I use on them?  I was told by a doctor that the age spots on my hands are from hormones. I thought it was sun exposure. What can I use? What can I do to improve the appearance of wrinkles on my hands?  Why do my 16 year old son's hands shake when he holds them out straight? Otherwise he is healthy and active. round lumps in the palm of hand under the skin what should u do if u cut or scrape the inside of the penis or urethra during rough sex there is some pain bleeding  The tip of my left hand thumb has been numbish for 2 days, can you explain what could be causing it? COULD HAND FOOT AND MOUTH CAUSE SHINGLES? Every 2-3 months the skin of my hand thickens, pills off and renews to a new skin. No certain diagnosis from any doctor. Sharp Back, Neck and Arm pain on the left side So are shingles contagious? my grandaughter has blister like rash on her hands. And was exposed to them. She's 3yrs old I hit both my hands on a glass door, now i have burning sensation, does it mean I fractured my wrist? I have symptoms of a thyroid disorder, but results come back negative. What could it be? What can be the cause of having black spots on my throat? Why do my right arm and hand keep going numb everyday? after hard phys exercise,sometimes get bad tunnel vision and a big ball of light right where i try to focus my eyes.why? What causes sudden burning sensation in the hands and bottoms of your feet? STD / HIV risks? My left hand and two fingers have been numb for over a week. what could this mean? Lumbar Puncture Complications .... Can someone get pregnant if they use a toilet paper that have semen on it to wipe after peeing. Even during a period Causes of nausea, tightness around mid-section, shortness of breath, sweating, trembling and pain (not heart or anxiety) How can I rehab a pinched nerve? Can i get hand foot and mouth disease without coming in contact with someone who has it? How can I get my doctor to prescribe medication and testing needing for a diabetic condition in my hands?  hand and forearm cramps.started last evening.what to do? Are there any home remedies for edema? My son, 8 years old, has swollen and red hands  I had Carpal Tunnel Syndrome surgery at least 10 yrs ago both hands.Now my rt hand tingles again can the CT grow back? My wrist hurts when weight is put on it after a car accident, what could be wrong? My vaginal fluids have a tendency to "bleach" my underwear, is that possibly Ph unbalance? Can I pass on a STD from someone else touching my laptop after I masturbate? Can a fall cause Ulnar Nerve pain from the shoulder to the hand? Can I get an STD through urine contacting an open wound? my finger tips and thumb tips will crack and bleed get very sore wear rubber gloves with all cleaning and apply lotion A dog hair has gotten stuck in between my fingers. There is a large bubble and my hand hurts bad. What to do? I treid to get blood drawn and nothing came out from my arm so they tried my hand and still nothing whats wrong? Are there health risks if there is a piece of graphite pencil stuck in my hand? Can warts from a childs hand be passed on to my animals.  My pointer finger keeps moving involuntary.  I have been having severe arm numbing of both arms while sleeping. Keeping me restless all night.What could be the Cause What can you do for bad circulation in your hand warts on hands, tried home remedies, o/c med, derm. burned off, removed by surgeon and imiquimod. back and spreading mor My brother in law accidentlty poked his hand with a jack knife. It bled and now he has a lump where he got poked.  I cut my finger 2 yrs ago. It healed and then breaks out again when in water too long. What do you think is the problem? how can i prevent passing gastroenteritus to my family members in my household? My hands were shaking and I couldnt stop crying. My stomach also felt like it was being punched. I also couldnt breathe What could be the cause(s) of very bad hygene habits?  Can hand and mouth disease be caused by contact with animal urine or stools or dirty living conditions within the home? can a diabetic climb up the towers? what is the risk involved? How do you prevent getting mrsa once you touched a person who has it (shaking hands) how to tell if you have fractured bone in hand? Person A has some sperm on his hands, hands get in mouth, then asks to eat me out. Could I get pregnanat? hands go numb after driving fingers on right hand always numb why?? As an asthmatic taking the bus a lot, I'm around 2nd hand smoke so much that my asthma is worsening. Mask recommendation What is small vein disease? Why would one doctor a neurologist says I have prenicious anemia associated with b-12 deficiency and another says no Any permanent cure for parkinson - I have in right hand for two years.taking medicines -syndopa + given by Dr is it safe to have carpal tunnel surgery on both hands at the same time to have less time off of work? Puncture wound, 5 days old, from cat bite -between thumb and palm on palm-side of hand -swelling from site to wrist- I take 150 mg of Effexcer daily, and have tremors in my hands. Is this a serious side effect? what labs can detect brown recluse venom after 7 years after bite? 92 year female. Scratching, wringing hands, rubbing legs and arms, crying sounds without tears. Emotional no sleep will dehydration cause you skin to look blue Sir, 6 yrs ago both my hands and feet started to swell once a week and more. From 2 yrs Im having sore throat on right. what causes body to stop producing oils? I have a itchy rash that comes and goes, what could be causing this? why does the skin on the palm of my left hand look dead and dried out? How long does bacteria such as salmonella stay contagious on non food and water surfaces such as cloth car seats? When it comes to sexual activity I have no probelms ejaculating except when she is preforming oral sex why is this? I ache all the time mostly my neck shoulders arms and hands and tired all the time.Bloodwork came back good can you have an outbreak of herpes in your hand What causes my left arm to feel like there is a electical current going through it on occasion Why do I have internal jerking like I am on a vibrating machine -- not visible outwardly? Vertical Black line on nails most of my bowel movements are hard pebbles most of the time i use a rubber glove on my hand to get the stool out why Is possible for some people have higher than normal blood pressure with no side effects, mine stays 165/90 with med. Why is my skin always hot to the touch?  I am Diabetic and started a pump since I noticed that one side of my hand is clammy and sweaty what is the cause what to do for hand cleaner in eyes? Is toe twitching, numbness in hand, and weak arms a sign of MS? I hit my right hand on a metal fixturea few days ago, now im having a hard time opening and closing my hand. 33 year old male. Lump below jaw. Recurring staff infections on hands and feet. Significant loss in weight. Shap abdominal pain in upper left side of a male??? Would like to hear more about Post-Polio Syvdrome. Do you have more info? What causes high fever, sores on lips and in mouth, general malaise. Patient is 15 years and has been treated 9 days Does bursitis in the elbow cause the arm, hand, and fingers to swell?  I'm beginning to notice that I'm losing strength in my hands, things fall out of them, what's wrong with me ? The tops of my fingers on both hands are turn a blueish gray color randomly and often. what could this be? HUSBAND HAS SWELLING IN HIS ENTIRE LEGS AND HANDS AND HAS PAIN AND SEE BELOW. will you be able to get frost bite exposing your hands for 10 minutes in 30 degrees Touched pregnants wifes vagina with hand that had dry paint on it. my 9 month old has become unusually agressive towards everyone lately. how young can diciplining start and what do i do? I was bitten by a spider two days ago and the swelling continues to spread. Should I worry? What causes the head and arms to jerk constantly,even in sleep,which produces pain? what is the likelihood of getting cancer from shining a 1 watt laser on skin? What does one do when her partner is asexual? He could care less about intercourse,but is very affectionate otherwise Is it possible to be pregnant from being fingered after a guy cums? My period is 6 days late!  does vitamin k cream help with purple bruises on hands why are the backs of my hands drying out? been having problems with my kidneys for over a year and sypmtoms of Diabetes Can a skin rash or infection last for months? My right hand and feet are always cold and sometimes tingly. What could that mean? i slipper on ice and laned on myleft palm. ifelt a very heave bend and pressure poke under left breast pain get worse .  I, recently, noticed that after I pee, when I wipe, there is some blood. But, there isn't any blood in my underwear. are spams in ligaments a symptom of fibromyalgia My Husband has numbness,swelling and pain in his right hand when he is sleeping Hard lump on finger bone just past first joint on left hand. It is making area around the bump sore. Any ideas?  I have some small clear bumps on my hands and I'm not sure what they are. I found 2 blister like bumps on my hand can brown lady bug bites cause you to get an allergy to styrofoam, plastics, and latex (swelling of the eyes only) My wrist is not swollen, but is in very bad pain what could this be? Woke up with pain in my right chest and a painful, sometimes numb right arm. My right hand is also colder. Any ideas? experiencing numbness of left hand with swelling and tingling for long periods what causes an child's lip to peel? when my skin on my hands get wet, I can scrape a layer of skin off. should this be happening? whats going on? I have a physical reaction to stressful situations, but lately that same reaction has been occuring for no reason. Why? moderate to severe discomfort beneath my ribs right side. No comfort from sitting, standing or lying down. No pain Does cat scratch disease always cause symtoms at the bite/scratch site? why do my hands shake involuntarily? it happens when I'm trying to do something precise, like pour sugar in my cup. If i wash after intercourse, will the water wash the semen away? I have a rash on both hands very dry and causes pain. What is it? what does it mean when the skin under the fingernails are blue? I fell walking my dog a couple days ago and tried to stop myself with my wrist now it and my thumb are very sore I have pain, stiffnes and weakness in hands and fingers. X-ray did not show inflamationn or degnerative arthritis Does Periphial Neuropathy cause leg cramps? Grazed hand with screwdriver the other day. Swollen and painful. Heart feels like its racing and am hot. Can painful nerve endings with itching down the back of your leg be a result of an outbreak of genital herpes? There is pain in my hand and underarm, numbness in my thumb and finger and reduced circulation in same hand. Please help why am I always dropping things I recently started Seroquel and I'm having some side effects Should I call my doctor or wait it out? i had a protected sex and my condom was intact after sex but she applied some hand lotion on condom,will it cause hiv why do my outer most toes go numb and turn purple at times during Taekwondo (barefoot) and even at home? My whole body aches for a couple of weeks, no fever, hands/fingers joints ache,not sick though What would happen if a patient quit taking their thyroid medication? Can I get genital herpes from fixing someones make up? I have fibromyalgia.When holding a phone my hand started shaking. Its happen before.what is this? Painful Lump in the armpit - is it cancerous or common? Why is my 4 yr old afraid of all loud noises? Penis "de-sensitized" by too much masterbation ?  I have many symptoms to hypothyroidism. Is it possible that I can fall in normal ranges but still have the disease?  2WEEK OLD WOOD SPLINTER CUT IN MY HAND IS STARTING TO SWELL, WITH SOME PAIN. WHAT KIND OF DOCTOR WOULD HANDLE THIS??? My feet, ankles, legs, hands, and face are swelling. I do take BP med but my BP and heart rate have both been very high. Can you get pregnant by wiping yourself with an unwashed hand? i have a rash on the back of my hand that wont go away. had it for over 4 months and now its spreading. what could it be can magnesium cause swelling of hands/heel of foot I have an itch that started on my groin and has spread to my hands, buttocks, and hips, any clue to what it could be? my daughter dug out a small bump on her nose that looks like a hard tiny bead. it was just under her skin. any ideas? My hands tingle, and lately they have been falling asleep while I sleep? We have a 6wk old lab that we found out has hookworms. I have two small kids can they catch canine hookworms? Symptoms Why should people wash their hands after using the restroom? What can I do to ease the pain of osteoarthritis in my right hand ? Carpal Tunnel Post-op Pain--Am wondering if it really takes a year or > from open-release CT surgery to be pain-free? Does shiny skin mean your skin is thin? My husband gets blister-type painful bumps UNDER the skin on his hands. Prednisone seems to help. What is this? Can a third metacrapal fracture be fixed 5 years later? my right hand went limp i cannt straighten my fingers out they are curled up I have cold feet some numbness in right foot and cold hands nearly constantly  I'm a 35 year old woman Why is it that right before my period I don't want sex at all, but I'm extremely horny after it? Intermittent bloody blisters, extreme pain, swelling and heat on all extremeties and scalp and under breast? why i am always concentrated with my sweaty hands, i am not getting sleep at night my mind is racing what is that  my hand feels lke its numb and tinglie like its asleep but the feeling wont go away and at night i wake with pain what can a human bite cause? I hit my hand really hard on a wall. It started to swell and hurt almost immeditaly. Should I have an x-ray? what cause lumps on a baby's leg Gave a guy a hand job and touched a little precum. Had to end it early, so i put my underwear on a couple minutes later Mysterious Numbness  can you lose weight and have diarrhea while having an ovarian cyst? is tabacco residue on clothing harmful to infants are shingles contagious middle digits of both hands cramp and lock in claw position only at night. Very painful to try and straighten Is using non-applicator tampons less hygenic than applicator tampons? a few days ago I punched a wall and now my hand is really swollen and am in a lot of pain. something that bit me. it's in a circle my upper layer of skin is off some redness in the centre of the circle. Can washing hands with water kill semen? Why do I sometimes feel as if I'm not alive? I lose my grip on reality. No feel of surroundings but I can see them. right hand index finger proximal phalanges intermediate phalanges joint pain, swelling. Started a week ago. Arthritus? If i scratch my genital herpes area,can i spread it to anybody if i dont wash my hands after scratching??? My hand, arm and gland under my arm are swollen after fire ant bites. Should I see a doctor or treat at home? should you exercise or golf with sixth cranial nerve palsy having been just discussed in the emergency room yesterday?  What is soft tissue damage and how is it treated? Struck top of hand hard enough to break skin. Fingers cold and numb. Pain several hours after injury. Worth X-ray? Had pox in my 30's, now 43 and have something similar.Not localized in one patch. Can shingles be more spread out? Can I be pregnant if I gave a hand job and washed hands on tub, then a few minutes later got in?  I was stung on the back of my hand by a red wasp but the symptoms did not show for 24 hours. Is this common I sat down and became dizzy and slightly light headed. My right arm and hand became numb and had difficulty thinking. got sunburned a few days ago, yesterday both hands/ feet are severly swollen. no other symptoms. Could be sunpoision? I'm 20 weeks pregnant and was using boric acid to kill roaches. It was in contact with my hands. Did I hurt may baby? Sometimes both of my arms will go numb and tingly bellow the elbow and the muscles in my hands lock up painfully.  how long do I soak in epsom salts after stitches are removed to help healing? What causes stuttering in adults? Can this be related to essential tremors? think dermatitus on penus. after use very sore on circumcision scar. red, painful, skin sluffs off Can you use Emergency Contraception before sex? (Ex.Plan B) I get hives all over my legs, it only happens at night, they itch and slowly spread to my back and hands. A friend contracted ringworm and I touched his skin but not the infected area. What are the chances of contracting it? I just had a shot of coritzone for my dermatitis on my hands. Had the shot one week ago.  What causes my ring finger to remain locked in a curled position - requires manipulation by other hand to straighten.  Can I mix moisterizing lotion and topical medications? both my niece and daughter are having a seizure like episode where there hands and feet curl. I have a little black dot/spot on palm of hand that goes and comes back again but in diffrent place what is it ? 19 year old female, synthroid .25 for approximately one year and my symptoms are still not alleviating. Why is this? Can i get someone pregnant from touching her even after hand sanitizer? last 3 months i have having were i cannot move talk and smell amonia and my hand is numb im like coma but awake Accidentally might have gotten traces of fecal matter in nose Is it possible to faint or pass out during sex? i have had many tests but unless cobalt poisoning is answer cannot figure out the painful tingling in all fingers. Could my pinky be broken or just sprained like the ER doctor said it was? Itching all over body, like scabies, but currently no burrows, could be early detection? Does hypothyroid cause pain in legs and hands? i have had a bump on my left hand ringer finger withing the inside palm.ive been picking at it. it hurts to dig out. I AM HAVING PAIN IN MY LEGS ALL DAY AND NIGHT WHAT COULD IT BE?  HIV or STD thru hand to fluid contact? i touched a girls panties and was feeling them. She had just ejaculated in them. what shoud you do when you don't have soap and water to wash your hands? Red spots and blisters on palms and feet can stomatitis appear on hands? Why do i keep getting an Infected finger Peripheral neuropathy My hands are hot,cold, and tingle and feel like frost bite. Curved penis how to get rid of tinea pedis on hands and feet of a child under 7 years old  How do you know if you broke you thumb? what is causing pain in upper arm/armpit/chestarea near arm with increase in pain when laying down. Will grapefruit in hand lotion counter-react with any medication? how long will my pain last after having carpal tunal surgery Are Ganglion cysts a type of disability? can my child get hiv this way? ive been a type 1 diabetic since oct 2010 the last month month and a half my left hand pinky and ring fingers are numb Will my cherry angiomas ever go away on their own? how do I tell if a cat bite is infected Splotchy, rashy penis after masturbation pap smear test painful Pain in right palm radiating down arm to approximately 3/4 to elbow. can i get chlamydia from the following things in my dorm room? what is done for a broken hand below the thumb, How can you tell if your hand is broken?? What is the best way to tone up your body? Laundry list of symptoms and only 19. im pregnant and my blood pressure read 126/94 the book that comes with it says its a hypertention measure should i worry dried blood why does my stomach jerk Is there an effective, fda approved treatment for hyperhidrosis (the hands in particular) in children (12 yrs.)? What causes swelling of hands and lips. This shows up randomly and gets worse over days. Spreads up arm with heat I have the single transverse palmar crease on one hand, does that mean I carry the downsyndrome gene even if I am not DS HIV Possibility? What could happen if I leave rubbing alcohol on my finger? I had carpol tunnel surgery 10 weeks ago and my hand is still swollen and red at the wrist and painful to touch. Normal? Carpal Tunnel Syndrome? I am a competitive bowler and my wrist and top of my hand has been hurting and getting worse. is there any possibilities of aids from having hand sex? I fell on my hand several months ago and since then my hand has bee hurting. Could I have broken a bone in my hand? abnormal scab healing What does it mean when blood is found in my urine?  numbness and tingly Is there any treatment for peripheral neuropathy?? Am I pregnant or not It's been 4 weeks now that I broke my wrist, I am in a cast. Is it normal that I am still having so much pain? Can a child get hand, foot and mouth disease more than once? My 4yr old daughter has red blisters arnd mouth,neck,ears,hands, chest and feet.Is it hand mouth and foot disease? Why is hair coming off on my hands while shampooing? If the cancer tumor is felt by hand in lower abdomen, what stage of cancer is it could my abnormal menstual cycle be hindering conception? Playing basketball and fell on left hand, very painful yet no bruising or swelling. Please help What do you do if you have low B12, critically low Vitamin D, low testosterone, headaches, hand tremors, insomnia, aller How long after your exposed to a cold do you get sick i even cannot lift a cup when i am in a social gathering like meeting or lunch Can you spread hives on yourself by scratching, similar to poison ivy? My hand has a sharp pain when weight is put on it. Blood vessels in hands visible? What causes your hands to be dry and cause your fingers to crack open with sores and cause throbbing pain can a rotator cuff disorder make your hand cold? Will calcium supplement help to heal broken bones faster? What will speed the healing? are skin warts a vitamin deficiency? Can this cause pregnancy? memory blurred, forgetfulness, fatigued, low self exteem, exhaustion, loss of balance, independent, overweight, paranoid I have Knicks and sore on my penis from shaving. I recieved a handjob..What STD's am At risk? She also fingered me Anal. Painful intercourse  Can Hot or Warm Water open skin pores and cold water closes skin pores? I recieved a unprotected hand job and had a cut on my penis also I got fingered Anal. What STD's am I at risk? deep laceration in webbing between thumb and index finger? pimple-like bump on side of penis shaft I have had the flu for a few days and now have developed a rash on my fore arms and hands and my knees and inner thighs. My two year old has HMFS. What can I put on the sores to help with pain? She's not sleeping. What are some useful tools for strengthening the muscles in the forearm and hands? How to treat clammy hands Using ice cutter to cut though 7" thick ice. I slammed I cutter on the ground and now my hand have no feeling in it. Is it possible I could have Depresson or Anxiety? small itchy bumps on my hands and now my entire body itches and I have two large rashes on my sides. Red dots and splotches are all over my hands, knuckles, fingers and arms. Help please? Photos included. I smashed my hand in a sliding glass door a day and a half a go. I have a few cuts and it swelled up pretty bad.  i have carpal tunnel in both hands and nerve damage in both elbows.is one of the symtoms you knuckles hurt to the touch. Sudden Left Hand Numbness Ive been unable to keep food or liquids down for almost a month Sudden onset of pain, swelling and bruising in a knuckle on my hand. Tender to the touch. No injury; Some joint pain. i popped my radiator cap too early. burned my hand badly. how effective is aloe vera and how should i wrap it? What would be causing my hands and feet to swell? My body structure is very weak and feeble and feeling weakness.  I have a lump on my left hand and my right foot that are painful. Can I wear some type of mask to prevent me from inhaling second-hand smoke while I am pregnant? whats the next step in determining cause of my 6 yr old hives? how do i get DR to test for the"rare" causes. Hi, My Blood group is O- and I sucked few drops of A+ blood from my girl friends cut. Is this harmful for me? My baby girl has hand foot mouth disease. She has a few blisters on her hand. She sucks her thumb. Do I stop the sucking How can you control a hand tremor while assisting in surgery?? extreme forearm pain, cannot close hand, numbness in fingers burning in fingers I have a red rash with red bumps on the backs of my hands mostly clustered around the base of my thumb and forefinger.  My fingers are cold. I never experienced this before. is it carpel tunnel ? can a child's skin color change due to over eating citris fruits? Red/pink dots and splotches on skin. Mostly hands, knuckles, fingers and arms. Photos included Can anyone pls answer whether I can test positive after testing negative for hiv after 78 days. Has anyone experienced hand tremors as a side effect of taking 100 Mg of Topamax? Should I request HGH therapy? And how to ask my doctor for it. my hands and arms go numb often on both sides. I even awake with it and it hurts. Im only 33 what could cause this Why do I get a large purple sore on my penis after taking anitibiotics? Iron deficiency Anemia I have tennis elbow in right arm, is a symptom that my right hand is cold? What would cause tingling numbness to spread from head to feet in about 10-15 sec and last for 5-10 min? Will Valtrex help with the rash that I broke out with after my son was diagnosed with mononucleosis? If not, what will? Can finger cramps be caused by a herniated disc? I have a herniated disc between C6/C7. Does secondhand smoke go through a machine that makes oxygen off room air? Is it dangerous to people with COPD? what causes hands to turn dark purple  MY COLLEGE STUDENT HAS SWOLLEN AND OOZING SKIN ON FOREHEAD, SWOLLEN LYMPH GLANDS AND HEADACHE. IS IT IMPETIGO OR MRSA? What's wrong with me I'm scarred.. Casual open wounds on hands contact with HIV guy, risk of HIV infection? Busted hand 5 mths ago. Swelled and bruised from knuckles to wrist. X-ray showed no breaks or fractures. Still hurts. 38 yr male, little bit underweight,having pain in legs and lower back, numness hands at times also having ED lately,??? pain and swelling in wrists, hands, feet, ankles and feeling of snapping rubber band in fingers, sore muscles, knee pain What is it?  Do you think I have a std? Please answer I'm really worried Pain in left breast and left arm fingered a day ago and now vagina swollen inside?? When is my period due? When can do I take a Pregnancy test? Could I play baseball with a Shoulder Stress Fracture? During intercouse, could shards of glass go into the vagina if they are on the condom? If so, could they be removed? Can someone help me understand why I feel this way? Can you get pregnant in a shower if a guy jerks off with one hand,washes hands, then fingers you with the other? what to use for arthritis pain relief in my fingers  I have Carpal Tunnel Syndrome and my left hand shakes uncontrollably. Can the syndrome cuase this?  Weakness in fingers after smoking mass-manufactured cigarettes My right hand is very painful and swollen, what causes this? I fractured a couple of ribs about three weeks ago and have develped numbness in the arm and hand on side of fracture.  I ate finger food with a little bit of rust on my finger. Could tetanus be orally transmitted? Why do my feet and hands swell when it is hot? My right hand swells and pain shoots to my elbow when I turn my right arm a certain way. So I have this problem with my hands. As far as I can tell it is Carpal Tunnel. Here are the symptoms... Can panic attacks be caused by beeing in a room with low oxygen and high temperature? Discolored hands and painful joints? Is it possible to contract rabies by touching something a dog bit? I woke up one morning to a tick on my right hand palm. Now I have a red spot that doesn't itch. Need different antibiotic? Red itchy bumps keep appearing on my arms and around feet Could my girlfriend get pregnant if the small amount of semen i had on my hand made contact with the vulva?  Could my girlfriend get pregnant if the small amount of semen i had on my hand made contact with the vulva?  for hand and mouth disease can the sores be on tongue? Depo-Medrol injection in hand side effects. tingly and painful feeling in right hand  Dr. Moser. can i get C diff from having oral sex and my husband has rotten teeth? How long could sperm survive on a hand that has been wiped off but not washed? neuropathy in hands and feet  how to prevent dysentery what to expect after rotator cuff surgery Is pubic hair removal dangerous or needed for hygiene? rabies? touched kitten with long time sick mother. tiny wound on my hand, possibly scabbed over but not sure. I am a female Paramedic and I contracted molluscum My husband of 5 years does not show symptoms. did he cheat puncture wound, rusty screwdriver, poss to bone in hand. 6 hrs post vomitus and muscle cramps. do i call 911?  HPV transmission to facial or hand skin I have anxiety, i was put on welbutrin. Last night was so bad felt I was suffocating I couldn't get enough air, normal? I have been feeling very tired lately and noticed that im getting a yellow tone to the inside of my hands should i worry What are the health risks of coming into contact with poop and urine? Should i consult the doctor if i am ra positive? Random mild itching in penis a few days after unprotected hand job and blow job how to tell if you have arthritis Is hand foot and mouth the same as rubella small blood vessels keep breaking in my hands, why.  Is it possible my girlfriend is pregnant? I'm on my period and I was fingered by a man 10 minutes after he came on his hands. Prengancy? Should I get Plan b? Is swelling in face and hands normal during pregnancy? what could possible cause a scab/sore formation on the lower left hands side of the testicle  yellow jackets stung hand 7x at once. Had pain, swelling, no anaphlactic reaction. Carry an Epipen from now on? Healthy 71 yr old male - skin on both arms bleeds easily. Anyone here who knows of a pregnancy due to ejaculant on fingers being rubbed on vagina during mutual masturbation? My hands and fingers shake? If someone with STD's spit on me and I masterbate, will I get an STD? Was in a rollover car crash on Sunday my wrist and shoulder hurts what can I do to make the pain stop? What is skin to skin contact herpes called and is it treatable and is herpes on hands very noticeable? I've been a heavy drinker most of my life I'm experiencing tingly hands, painful bumps on fingers and tenderness in arms Ovulation cat puncture wound directly into large vein on back of hand. do I need medical attention? can precum be released via a handjob?? had unprotected sex withdrawal method. ecp nordette and its a week before my expected period had unprotected sex withdrawal method. ecp nordette and its a week before my expected period 2days passed no period How long do sperm live on clothing Are there any excersises that I can do at home? The pinched nerve is located in shoulder under healing collar bone. what does it mean when light pink comes out after sex Regarding Testicles while masturbating is it ok if i rub my foreskin up and down instead of making a hole with my hands? i find it easier  I came on my period a week and half early and only lasted 3 days ?  how to cure granuloma annulare without steriods can I get carpal tunnel syndrome after a cast came off from a broken arm? Hi I was shocked by 14400 volts Is there a way i can imitate a vagina instead of using my hands, because as soon as i start ejaculating  What can cause a burning sensation to appear suddenly on the soles of the feet and turn into fiery pain on standing up? http://www.musclegainhelp.com/elite-test-360/ Can shingles cause beign essential tremors? Is Tart Cherry Juice effective in treating back pain? I get severe cramping in my hands and feet almost daily, I am a African-American male 67 years old , is this a stroke? can peripheral neuropathy and bipolar be related Is pregnancy possible when semen lands near the vagina? Help Is pregnancy possible when semen lands near the vagina? HELP bruises, My bruising is getting worse. Will my glans burn recover? Has anybody heard of a procedure in which the hand is insterted into the abdominal area to promote healing? After I donated blood this last time, my fingers cramped and did what I term posturing. Wondering what causes that? My 2 year had hand foot and mouth illness. My question is how to stop it from reoccurring? Is it normal for pores (that contain the hair follicle) to still be as large after hair-removal on say hands or arms? While giving me a digital prostate exam, my doctor held onto my penis with the other hand. Was that ok? Sudden onset of pain, swelling and bruising in a knuckle on my hand. Tender to the touch. No injury; Some joint pain. can an injury to finger cause trigger finger 