I have polycystic ovarian syndrome and I have lost hair on my head. What can I do to fix the hair loss problem? I have a patch of dry, flaky, itchy skin on my cheek. It has spread to my ears, neck, and forehead. Is this psoriasis? What are these small cracks in the head of my uncircumcised penis? What could be causing severe pain in the back of my head when I get an MRI? My son got hit in the head with a baseball. There is no lump but he complains of headaches. How long will this last? What can I do about the pain in the back of my head, which worsens when I move?  Im taking Maxalt daily for headaches. I took one this morning and my head still hurts. Can I take Excedrin now? Do breastfed babies have larger heads and bigger brains?  What is the best solution for pimples that do not come to a head? I'm 40, and thought I was past the stage for pimples. My skin is prone to lots of whiteheads and breakouts. What can I do?  I have a lot of whiteheads on my forehead and below my eyes. Where did they come from, and how do I get rid of them? I have large brown patches on my forehead and cheeks, like liver spots. It's not skin cancer. What do you recommend? I am 56 years old. I have whiteheads, blackheads, and adult acne. Nothing seems to help. Do you have any suggestions? The doctor said my four-month-old has baby acne. Its spreading to her head and body. What could be wrong? I have a lot of whiteheads and blackheads on my oily, uneven brown skin. What can help? I'm 24, but laugh lines and forehead wrinkles are already apparent on my face. Can I slow them down?  I was told that I had dilated blood vessels on one side of my head. Should I be concerned? The back of my head itches and is starting to have hair loss, but baldness does not run in my family. What is the cause? I have sever pain, stiffness and swelling of the neck. Is this normal with a strep throat diagnosis? Having testicle pressure, urethra pain, minor burning while urinating. Chlamydia, gonnorhea negative, what can it be? Can prostatitis cause oversensitivity/irritation to head of penis? Is it possible to have depersonalization symptoms after a migraine attack? what is the best option when you have a tooth abcess and you have no insurace? And by that i mean home remidies Dry insertion and little burning after ejactulation. Swelling, redness and burning sensation under head of penis. Why?  what to do if tick is not entirely removed and the head breaks off? Every time I wake up or lay down I get severe headaches on the back of my head and severe nausea. Help? Is it okay for vaginal discharge to come out while receiving oral sex? Will Saw Palmetto help with prostatitis?  Some sticky liquid is coming out of my head this happened after using hair colour please suggest some remedy My son has 7 small flesh colored non irritating bumps on his stomach and they have recently started spreading. my 11 yr old has a thin, white 1/32" long thing on his face - what could it be? Red bumps on penis head and shaft.  Can prostatitis cause redness on the tip of the penis? I have a little white head on the corner of my eye, on the skin.It looks like a sleepyman at first glance.  After getting sick (step, I believe), a sinus issue developed. Has persisted and I'm having pressure headaches now. My friend has red bumps all over her chest and now it has spread to her arms and face Painful and Visible hard string like chord that extends from my armpit down my inner arm past elbow. on my forhead i have a quarter size lump that itches. it looks like a bruise but i didnt hit my head on anything What can cause small head bumps that are sore? itchy rash everywhere no doctor treatment has work I think I may have fractured my upper arm. i-keep-getting-hot-flashes-in-my-bodyneck-and-head-they-come-for-no-apparent-reason-sometimes-during-sleep I've went to numerous doctors about my anxiety and panic disorders and nobody can help me. How can I deal with this? Lying down flat and lifting up my head my stomach bulges in the center from my chest to my navel and is very soft. I was dry heaving yesterday and something popped in my head, it still hurts today. What happened? Fell over and cut head. Didn't get stiches but probably should have. Now have numbness, pain in head above cut. i have this bump on my head, its penny size and all of the hair fell out but is growing back now, small blood dot in it having pressure in forehead and ears, balance is sometimes off and feel dizzy and discombobulated I have chronic joint pain and body aches, my head feels a lot of pressure and fogginess, my eyes hurt as well. Help? I have a dull pain in the top of my head. I don't have a problem with sinuses so what could it be from? I have been having very sharp,stabbing pains down through the top rt/rear of my head.The pain almost knocks me down. 15 yo son dizziness, sever headache, nausea, for 7 days no relief from meds normal ct and mri worry need suggestions I will get nervous and jittery, my head itches and I cannot fall asleep before bed. i wake up in the am with a rash. When I try and feed my six month old daughter baby food she shakes her head like its sour every time. My daughter is ten months old she has seborrea on her head i want to know what cause's it and is it treatable? can my neck pain be causing my earache Sometimes when i turn my neck sudden i get a very sharp pain almost like a jolt up the back of my head to my brain. have been having a white type of build up around the head of my penis cauing severe itching and redness of the head I WOKE UP AND STARTED FEELING LIGHT HEADED AND EVERYTIME I MOVE MY HEAD I FEEL MORE DIZZIE I HAVE NEVER FELT LIKE THIS Do i have a staph infection? I have a few flat red spots on my cheek, they don't have any heads and seem flaky Taken Plavix for 7 years, now starting 6 months ago head feels like it will explode when I bend over or cough. I've a spot in the vision of my R eye for a few of days its like i've been looking at bright lite but isn't going a way what secondary effects should I expect after having a cyst removed from my head? Penis has two tone colors and my penis head has cracks FELL IN TUB, HIT LEFT MORE UPPER PART OF MY HEAD REAL HARD BIG LUMP.CAN THIS CAUSE BLOOD CLOT TO FORM IN MY HEAD/BRAIN? How do I stop picking my hair out? And, what kind of medication could I use to grow my hair back? What could cause red bumps/lesion like areas on genitals? Can a low ferritin level cause hair loss and heart palpitations in women? My ferritin level is at 12. i have a scar that i am insecure about. What should I do for the pain and to cure my sinusitus? How do I know when a head injury is bad enough to see a doctor? I'm 59. When erect my penis now has a significant bend to the right near the head. What are the likely causes?  Can a slight trauma or injury exacerbate lumbar spinal stenosis? Can an ear infection cause pressure and tension throughout your entire head? 47,male acne, tried antibiotics, met.top.0.75%,hydcort,val.0.2%,Prednisone 20mg x16days,not helping. whats next? HELP!!! mri showed bilateral mastoiditis but don't have mastoiditis, pressure and headaches 24/7. any other mastoid diseases? How long will it take until antibiotics start helping my ear infection? My acne has gone from mild to severe cystic acne? my 7 week old sons soft spots have closed. Should I get him checked out? 7 weeks after concussion still have nausea, blurry vision. I have been yawning a lot, and my face has been hot, ears red I hit my head on a wooden pole very hard.  My hands were shaking and I couldnt stop crying. My stomach also felt like it was being punched. I also couldnt breathe mirena - should i consult doc? My 7 year old son has spots on both of his upper arms that look like pimples with little white heads. What is this? Could you have brain seizures over a period of time, say years, and not know it? Migraine on Sat. morning on Mon. and still feeling dizzy and the base of my head/spine is acking, Should I be concerned? What is small vein disease? Why is the cause of a chronic cough so hard to diagnose? skin tears around head of penis How can I reduce the appearance of my acne scars? (I am 16 and have scarring around my chin and forehead). Any permanent cure for parkinson - I have in right hand for two years.taking medicines -syndopa + given by Dr Hi my husband has a lump on his head that has been there for 2 weeks and now has a lump under his armpit I have recently found small red bumps over my scalp. I have started a new shampoo. Could it be that I am allergic? how can i get rid of those red scars which then make a pit on my face? nerve throbbing on left side of head just above ear. No pain or soreness or ear related issues. I smoked cigs for 1 month, averaging about 3 a day. Just wondering if any irreversible was done. I did quit since then. I have hallucinations of cuts on my arm and i can actually feel the physical pain of the cuts on my arm. Wondering if I have an STD or maybe just a sore? Small, flesh colord bump above my clitoris has slight itch when touched i have a pencil size growth that has appeared at the hairline in th middle of my forehead. slightly itches and tender  How long after being hit in TMJ area, should pain be sharp when touching it and opening mouth? My child sustained a paretial skull fracture but I don't know when it happened. What can tell me how long ago it happen? i think im having a outbreak of shingles on my head what can i do to stop the feeling i need to pull my hair out?   help i think i may have herpes  what causes breast size difference, and can it be corrected without surgery? 1 1/2 difference in cup size. Off and on cobweb feeling in head, nagging urge to move it. have seasonal allergies, deviated septum. maybe related? How much ibuprofen is too much during the first trimester of pregnancy? Made this mistake, worried. What medication should I take for a fever, sore throat, body achs, and muchus presser in the head and neck body aches and body hurts bad headaches hurts to swallow heads cloged up I have a re-occuring scab like crust form on my scalp. Olive oil softens it to be removed. What is it exactly? my daughter got a concussion about 6 months ago and she is still in a lot of pain, her head hurts like crazy need help can you have bursitis in the neck at the base of the head? Why do I hit myself in the head when angry (usually until I see stars or ears ring) and how can I stop? Why do i have a lump in the back of my neck that causes severe head pain and numbness on my left side? Can hair color applied to head kill lice? Is it safe to mix sulfameth/trimethoprim with a z-pak? About a week ago I had a severe ear ache for one day, ear ache gone now and feels like fluid inside my ear?  I get these sharp pains almost like something is blowing up in the back of my head? is there any treatment for hairloss for teenagers? what causes pressure in the back of the head? I wanted to know if these symptoms could be something serious? I have skin attached to the head of my penis, making putting on condoms difficult (and retraction). How do I fix this? I have bumps on my head that act like zits but are harder to pop. there is a hard white piece that comes out. what is it I recently starting taking cymbalta for anxiety and every time I stand my head throbs like when your sick. Is this okay? Is hearing loss and tinnitus after a T Tube normal? Do I have a learning disorder or do I have OCD?  i was treated for a sinus infection but still feel bad- do i head back to the doc? i was just treated for a sinus infection but still feel bad- do i head back to the doc? i have a quarter size totally bald circle on the back of my head. What is causing this? Please Help! Shooting pain in the right side of my neck and right shoulder when I breathe? symptoms-stuffy nose, head in a cloud, coughing(rasping),bring up mucous,so far 7 days  What specialist can I get to to have the cause of vertigo diagnosed? can i be pregant while on the depo shot. How do I get rid of the mild to moderate acne scarring and large pores on my forehead? I have slight ear pain in my left ear with 2 swollen glands that are tender under my jaw should i be worried? I was exposed to mouse droppings two days ago, now I'm achy, coughing and sneezing nonstop. Is it hantavirus? i'm 43 , on depo provera. yesterday for no reason my nipples got extremely sore, the had whitehead spots on them Back of the head pain for 2 months. It's unbearable to stand or sit up but goes away when lying down. Any ideas? i slipper on ice and laned on myleft palm. ifelt a very heave bend and pressure poke under left breast pain get worse .  I felt a painful pop in my shoulder when I pulled my toolbag . Now I can hardly lift my arm and my bicep feels pain. Should I be concerned or do something else? After 1 hr of zumba, my head hurts really bad, almost like a migraine, throbbing for about an hour or 2 after. A few weeks ago I had several attacks of dizzieness within one day. I've been suffering since. What is the cause? have pain in the right side of my neck that goes way up into a terrible headache on the right side of my head the right side of my head hurt including jaw ear timple. i smile but the right side barely moves what could it be Constant throbbing pain above my right eye socket. why do I sweat so much without hot flashes.  I hit my head and now it is really swollen i've been having a dull ache on the top left side of my head that runs down behind my left eye at the slightest touch. Swollen, Itchy Foreskin... need help! I have lightning bolt types of pain shooting through different parts of my body including my head what does this mean? Are there techniques to help panic attacks, or maybe an at home supplement? Please help me.  i turned my head right slightly ,and felt a popping sound in my neck,and now i have constant head ache on my left side What does it mean when your eyes hurt and then it causes pain to your head? This happenes to me very often. I have 3 rib fractures from a skating fall and now terrible headaches and dizziness with nasea, do I need to see a dr.? I have slight numbness on the right side of my head. Should I be really worried or what could it be? why is my entire head hurting to were i cant touch it because of my wisdom teeth Toddler with fever of 103 for 1 week, then fever of 101 for two weeks. dizziness, vomitting, falling down, hitting head. How do you check for concussion.? An attack of dizziness caused hubby to shut his eyes and bed rest for 24 hours to recover. Is this an STD? HARD PROTRUDING KNOT ON BACK OF SKULL Is it normal for my baby to have a small lump on the side of his head? When a teenager has ADHD, does throwing a tatrum go along with having ADHD? Could I be pregnant by a not-at-all-deep ejaculation? (period is late by 4 days) I have a headache for several weeks now. It feels like a hammer is slamming on the left side of my head. What is this? I have a shooting pain the goes down the right side of my head everything I stand up. What causes this? Wrinkled penis head that looks like raisin when flaccid. Goes away with erection. Pain in upper right arm which limits motion. Painful to move arm above my head. Knee still has sharp pain when I kneel down on it after a fall 2 weeks ago.Should I see a doctor or wait a bit longer? I've been puking a lot and getting head aches. I don't know what to do. What could i have? I keep getting headrushes (like im about to faint) even when sitting and laying down. Should I go to the ER? Can head lice cause bumps, bruising, and/or pain in the area where they feed? What is cause of feeling like I am going to pass out, swooshing of head swirling? .  What is cause of feeling like I am going to pass out, swooshing of head swirling,  what do you take for pain when you got a traumatic brain injury Should I see a doctor? I am 23 weeks pregnant and I just recently aquired this migrane that has not gone away for over 24 hours is it normal? what causes hair lose on your head eyebrows eyelashes arms? I hit my head on a machine about a month ago and it swell up and went down within days. Bruise still there. No Pain. I'm bipolar - I'm afraid itmaybe mis-diagnosed as an aneurysm, i get this pain in my head in between breaths how long does it take to decrease fever after starting antibiotics Why do I get nosebleeds for no apparent reasons? i have a severe headache almosts every day that is located on the back of my head behind rightside ear.thers also a knot What happens when dying starts to occur?. Had feeling from my head ,slowly and heavily went down my body to my feet. . Is there a cream that can fix wrinkles on your penis head glans when flaccid? Penis head irritated I have an mri of my head. Need another opinion. What is the best type of doctor to pursue to read and diagnose my mri? why would I get head aches in my sleep?  Boy(13)has bald spots on his head. Skin smooth. Dr said not thyroid. should we try another pediatric or dermotology? Ache in the right back side of head , 3 weeks. When I breathe through my mouth, don't feel it at all, only through nose. where do headlice originate from? Would/could a stye cause pain in the ear, jaw and head? I have a rash on my ankle. I have had it for 4 months, my doctor thinks its from tiny fish. Some kind of bacteria, help! after getting a cold i took dayquill then a hour lator nosebleed two days later started crying and blook came out fast On antibiotics for over 24hrs. Fever wont go below 100. ER trip? How can I remove a skin tag from my penis? My left ear feels clogged,Been given steriods for 5 days and antibiotics Tilt head down unclogs until raising up.  Busted head open now have 8 stitches. Tylenol isn't helping not allowed to take anything with aspirin. What can I try? Large red bump leaking puss on the back of the head. Red patches on head of penis, bad odor. It has been 12 years since last sex. No pain. Blackheads have been a problem for many years of my life. What should I look for in a doctor to treat this problem? Is this Balantis on my penis? Should I go to the doctors I hit my head yesterday and today shaky feelng, unsteady walking, tired, uncontrollable muscle movements, recent achalasia surgery, hit head unconsc I had mitral valve repair heart surgery 2 months ago. Lately I have been blacking out severely after using drugs(addict) what can cause lit headed stiff neck tired shakey ringing in head Can a head injury cause someone to have a short temper? I had a sharp pain in side/back of my head at base of skull-2 inches behind ear. It feels bruised now. Stress headache? I was bitten by 4 ticks in the stomach-legs area. They were on me for 2~4 hours. Should I be concerned. (I removed them) What could cause diarrhea, cold/hot/sweaty, "wierd" feeling in head, confusion. I try to control type 2 diabetes. How do I know if I have an enlarged heart? I get a severe headache anytime I lay down. I am now resorting to sleeping in my recliner. Any ideas? I get a stabbing pain on the left side of my head that feels like ive been hit with something i wore a combat helmet too much in afghanistan my hair is thinning, will it grow back or what can i do to help Over a year I have randomly had this strange "feeling" in my , , followed by less enthusiasm, positivity, etc. Why? in past 2 weeks I have been having problems keeping my balance 24/7 i feel like im in daze.any idea whats wrong with me? is it possible to hide things in your sleep and return them the next night? cough, feeling cold, shuddering, sore throat, snot, headache, and sore legs? (also, swollen bumps in the back of throat) I have a swelling in the pubic area that forms a head on it after a few hours. swelling has spread to my penis. whatisit I have recently had unprotected sex and both me and my partner were virgins and now the head of my penis is irrritated I have recently had unprotected sex and both me and my partner were virgins and now the head of my penis is irrritated I have recently had unprotected sex and both me and my partner were virgins and now the head of my penis is irrritated Just started taking birth control but am getting acne? I had an episode of vertigo two weeks ago, It was diagnosed as BPPV, how long will it take to go away? whats the difference between MRI and a CATSCAN? get a pain on left side of head, pressure headachy back of head vison blurry dizziness head ack stays for a while What causes the rash on the back of my head when I shave? Fell down steps and landed on my ankle. Didn't hit head but had vision disturbances (seeing white) for a few minutes Why do I sometimes feel as if I'm not alive? I lose my grip on reality. No feel of surroundings but I can see them. I have a fever, headache (past two days), lightheaded, I am constently hungry and thirsty, nightsweets, dizzy I have not had ear wax for several years, yet I have constant sinus problems and pressure in my ears, what should I do? While having sex, I had pain, withdrew, to discover bleeding on the skin below the head of my penis my drug test for a new company position, came up looking like I bought some yhing from the head shop. and I did not, why how do you know a purple spot is cancer?  child cries and says that his head hurts, vomits and then passes out for an hour or two or longer? Why do I get sharp pain in my head after orgasm? Extreme pain at head of the penis whenever it rubs against anything. Something wrong with my head? my sister fell but didnt hit her head but dosent reamber anyhting and when she sleeps her memorys are gone again i managed to pull back my foreskin, but it somewhat gets stuck but i can somewhat get it to cover me back, is it normal? I have had 3 swollen lymph nodes for over 2 years. 4-5 enlarged lymphnodes in different parts of body 2 cm's or larger (one over an inch) for 2 years. Whats wrong? my penis is shriveled up head yellow shaft dark I'm 15 can a head injury cause autism? What causes stuttering in adults? Can this be related to essential tremors? Should I be concerned, My 6 Year old has had 3 nose bleeds in the past 24 hours?  My husband has relly bad migraines that never really go away.What could be causing this and what can we do? can i treat 2nd degree sunburn on my childs face with vinegar?  Have a small cut under penis head caused by zipper. It doesn't fully heal and reopens during sex. what is the lump on the left side of my head behind my ear? it feels like it is full of cartilage. Penis will not stand up fully erect. feels tight but will not stand up. only lays on body facing upward After surgery I am still bloated (pressure) acid reflux and now constipation, what gives? Penis head pain whenever it rubs against anything what would cause this? Std tests are negative How do you reduce a fever in a toddler? (19 months old) Is it common to have dizziness or loss of balance from sinusitis? I have adult cradle cap, it's on my face and it WONT go away no matter what I do. Im getting depressed. How do I treat? My period was black and chunky and I'm in A LOT of pain. Is it possible that I was pregnant and had a miscarriage? Cnstnt ringing in ears also hear a light tss...tss....tss.noise w/ feeling of tipsy every pm esp. with head/eye movmnt. What causes veins protruding on the forehead? when i bend over clear fluid leaks out of my left nostril it happend last year but it stopped now it happend this week my two year old got thit in the forehead with baseball bat.he was concious.it started to swell and had a small cut I start having head pressures that last about 2-4min. I am 39, had breast cancer last year. My periods never came back. is it a sign of sinus problems if im hearing my heart beat in my left ear for 20 min everything was blury and spinning in my head. I was staggering trying to walk. any help? My entire jaw aches, and my teeth don't hurt, but are bothering me. What is causing this? I am a 37 year old female. 4-5 enlarged lymphnodes in different parts of body 2 cm's or larger (one over an inch) for 2 years. Whats wrong? can I sue an MD for failure to dignose genital warts ? my cndition progressed into penile cancer. Severe headache after head bath. ExpertAdvice is much required I get this itch in just one spot on the back of my head, do you think it may be a reaction to medication? why does my vision go black and my head pound if i stand up fast? AM I PREGNANT ? PREGNANT OR NOT  Could my pinky be broken or just sprained like the ER doctor said it was? 2 year old son has a enlarged painless lymphnode on his left side of the neck and 3 on the head near the ear from 3mont 10 mth grandson has dry rash by left ear it has spread on his face/forehead and ear is weeping, red, sore. Thoughts? Headache with a lot of pressure in head. Is this sinus? Hello. I play football and i always end up with a rash on my chin and forehead. Anything i can do? PAIN IN NECK/THROAT Should I pop white heads on my 8 and 10 year old kids? My 3month old has little cradle cap on her forehead but I notice that its discoloring her skin when some flakes fall off scab like skin by head of penis Type your question here.Can cervical spondilosis cause high blood pressure Can Chicken pox and shingles come at the same time / my left ear is stopped up and my right ear is making popping like fluttering sounds what can it be? my left ear is stopped up and i have a popping like fluttering sound in my right ear? Can bed bugs live in human hair does human growth hormone make your head bigger What is this itch/rash that appears on the head of my penis after oral sex? My son has a red and hard bump on his lower stomach, What could it be? I have a headache a week after hitting my head. My legs and Head are really very tingly. I also feel cold in my legs and around my body 8 month old falls hits head cries, then acts sleepy eyes rollin limp, not responsive, rigid, 3rd time stopped breathing? Penis was straight, now abruptly bent - spontaneously occurred. Hello, there is a small white bulge under my foreskin where it connects to the penile shaft. Should I be worried? My husband has an itchy red scab on the top of his head that won't heal. Any ideas? Severe pain in left ear What is a loss of equilibrium without being "dizzy"? Is only a PART of my brain malfunctioning? Dizines after runing or walking I have a concussion, slept and when I woke up my upper body/arms jerked? Why do I hear a knocking sound in my head? Having twins at 44 years old does vaginal birth cause incontinence I have had a UTI for two weeks now and I am having pain in my lower back where my kidneys are, what should I do? How to treat a burst sebaceous cyst? can you get HIV from a broke condom? my eyes almost feel like they are straining? Is there a gland at the base of a man's skull that has anything to do with sexual performance? Pea size lump inside head of penis If I shave my forehead with a razor, will any hair grow there? after I do work in high heat, I get painful throbbing in my inner ears and inner head, also SEVER headaches!!! Why am I hot during ovulation?  why do i not register a temperature when im sick and burning up? I am retired and on Medicare but have a dependent adult (over 26) son who lives with me and has no insurance.. I have a dark mark on my nose from popping black heads, it sort of feels like a bruise. How can I make it go away? Is it normal to have trouble while walking straight? Sometimes I feel like I am being pulled to the right baby weight Lots of back problems, don't know what to do? a year now the tip of my penis has been raw and raw, doc says i'm good but it hurts after sex inside my penis, herpes? Why does my head hurt during bowel movements? Tongue tingling on right side followed by headache. Causes weakness, confusion, and uncoordination. Is this serious? I am Deepika suffering from fever for 3 days.high temperature only at nights.urine in yellow,eye in red, bodypains The pink part on the base of the head of the penis always has a fishy odor. How am I supposed to get rid of this odor? Can I take nighttime cold medicine while pregnant? is it possible to lose feeling in your penis? Whenever I put my head back I get a tingling down my left arm all the way to my fingers and thumb? Constant fatigue and low energy with numb head, crackling ear and sore muscles. Well for a week, sick for a week? headache for 4 days. getting worse. no relief. noticed more confusion. what could it be? my 23 YO son developed a 2 inch lump at the base of the skull just above the hairline. How do you cure Pearly penile papules The lower half of my penis gets erect, the head enlarges, but the center remains flaccid. Is this ED or something else? My 4 year old blue male Doberman is shaking like he has Parkinson's. He is almost cat purring. No abnormal behavior. Can I fix a scar on my head? Brain Tumor I have been having a little head aches , then pain in the eyes and body , weakness, and i cant get an erection ?  why does my head sweat so much at night? 5 months after bilateral grommets, still in agony! Any possibility of melanoma being contagious? Should people get "regular" CT scans (or some other head scan) to check for tumors in the brain (before its too late) My penis head has been very very dry. I've tried everything. Help? Regained forgotten memories after hitting my head Why would head of penis be itchy? Painfull Recently i have developed pain near my collar bone area on my right My son hit his head lastFriday and had a large knot on his head. The bruise and a small knot is still there Is this ok? Does xylocaine jelly totally numb urethra and penis head? When someone gets staph after a C-section how could this happen I am 21 and losing hair on my head.I have little Facial hair.Is it true you wont go bald unless u have a beard? I ha ve sever headache after 10 days after child birth ?? How to get rid of large, very sore boil in groin area? my heart pounds at night, my ears burn and head pressure all the time and i feel dizzy most the time, had for 5 weeks Hi have small spots on face around nose and forehead area. They are really small. How do I get rid of it? Hi have small spots on face around nose and forehead area. They are really small. How do I get rid of it? I've had the same headache at the same every day for about a week now. It is right above my right eyebrow on my forehead burning testicles but no burning urine or sensitivity on head of penis i have a single round bump on my forehead, what could it be? Why have been getting these odd sensations in the back of my head accompanied by pressure? Does my son have Phimosis? He is 13 and his foreskin is attacked to the head skin connected on penis head connected to a centimeter below the head My husband has sinus headaches that wake him up every night. Decongestents don't help and CT scan showed nothing. last week the doctor said that i have shigles today i have a rash from head to toe that itches is this normal? Recently passed out and my butt is still sore, now I'm passing blood. Is this normal? left shoulder and neck pain when i lift my head up  I recently recovered from pneumonia. Now am itchy all over with itchy bumps on back of head, neck and back. Related? What are the protuberances on the left backside of my skull?  SEVERE Gastroenteritis, should I stay home? What's wrong with my ear? Very concerned, would just really love some direction. I thought I had the flu, but now all the pain is in my head, could it be a sinus infection? my head and neck hurt after falling on ice and hitting head, what could it be? What causes exercise induced head pain? I am 29 yr female. And I have very oily skin especially on my nose and forehead. What is the best treatment or product? I have 11 yrs old son who gets very small sores on his forehead. They appear for a while and then go away. My boyfriend has a bump that looks like a vein on his penis just below the head that is swollen? Can you get pregnant by giveing head my penis retracts inside my foreskin An old tampon came out of me this morning that was probably there a week should I head to er or wait for doctors appt Should I pester my Dr. about my ongoing symptoms from a head trauma I had 3 mos ago?  I walked into a low hanging wall and bumped my head and now have some internal bleeding coming from the inside of my ear the glans of my penis(head) has been very sensitive my whole life i cant even touch it when i wash it it bothers me alot Painful intercourse  WHY WON'T MY BRAIN TALK TO MY PENIS ? IF I'M WITH A WOMAN MY BRAIN IS ALL EXCITED BUT MY PENIS IS STILL LIMP . cloudy head with plugged ears complete body trauma at 23 years old. at 50 years old I was told I had fibromyalgia-would the body trauma have caused it I have otisis media (spelling?) Anyway i got meds and took them, now i have head preasure. Is this normal? what might you have when your symptoms are lack of energy, shortness of breath and head conjestion (with stuff noise).  I hit the side of my head will I be alright? PAIN ONLY WHEN I URINATE. FEELS LIKE RAZOR BLADES WHEN I GO.FEELS LIKE SOMETHING INSIDE MY SHAFT. NO DISCHARGE.  My fart hurt the back of my head on the left side? I have a lump on the lower back of my head. Its gotten bigger, hurts and is hard. Any ideas whatit could be? Why am I getting neck and head pain? I injured both in Sept. but I got cleared since then. Why is my pain coming back? I've been regretfully a porn addict. From grade school till now. I'm 22. I have a burning sensation after ejaculation.  i bumped my head a week ago and have been having trouble remebering things learned and have trouble rememebring a lot I hit my head 3 days ago. Throbbing pain hurts to touch and when not. Should I get it checked?  I occasionally have a heavy, dull pain in the right ide of my upper chest and occasionally my head. Any help? Sister dropped tv on my head I didn't suffer a concussion but things are gradually getting worse im 14 what should I do? my daughter has keloids on her scalp. what can i use to remove them? Should you apply heat or ice to a shoulder ligament strain?  I have a seizure disorder but im waking up with headache on one side of my head what does it mean? I have a small red sore on my upper forehead. This coincides with an indentation about an long. Any ideas? Do I have cat scratch disease? If I make sudden movements with my head or lay flat then get up I get severe dizziness and cannot focus I then feel sick Can antibiotic cephalexin cause blue veins to appear in forhead panic/anxeity attack or something else? i have a red smooth patch of skin on the underside of my penis Female, 26, hair thinning all over head since teenager. Thyroid is normal, no health issues. Tried vitamins, topicals. why does my head hurt when my hair growws, its even sore and painfull to the touch. Can a urine test detect syphilis? what can be side effects of iodine given for a cat scan? my husband 31years old (230lbs) , who under penalty of death will not see a doctor has had blackout/ fainting spells  What doctor should I see or what do you thinks wrong? Can sugar intake cause neausea,light headed,strange feeling in top body and to pass out? I have two really small, red zit like bumps on my penis. One on the head, the other on the foreskin. What is it? Can high blood pressure cause a severe headache during sex? My nose is always stuffy,feel pressure in my head and get headaches all year long.what could it be? I had a vng test and now my ears are ringing from the test, can that happen Is it normal to have pain and bleeding from a concussion injury 2 years old? Small red bumps on penis forskin after and head also pink irritation on base. Happens after masterbating or intercourse I have SLAP tear in shoulder with extension into biceps anchor and proximal long head biceps tendon. Suffering syncope w/ collapse. Drastically worse the past 4 months,abt.once a week. No answers from dr. Any suggestions? how can i get fluids (water) into my dog if he refuses to drink What casues pain after Urination? what cause a male penis to have a discorloration Why am I having these twitches or tics that are accompanied with vocal noise? Should I worry about it being torrents? Why do I get a large purple sore on my penis after taking anitibiotics? sleep on left side only. Now for 10 months dark blemishes appear down left hip and thigh. bed sores perhaps? my daughter is 21 weeks pregnant and the babys head is in the birth cannel already. is he going to be ok? What would cause tingling numbness to spread from head to feet in about 10-15 sec and last for 5-10 min? What could poosibly cause a swollen lymph nobe on the back right side of head? Very tender and causing slight headaches. I have anxiety/depression. I am coming off paxil going on zoloft experiencing severe shock like dizziness. I feel as if there is a ring around around my head, like im wearing a hat, I am not in any pain, what is wrong with me? What happened to my abdomen? swollen lymph nodes 11 yr. old had freckle/mole on head that grew. It fell off and is oozing thick orange fluid. What could this be? mom fell backwards on to her back on concrete and has bups on head with on larger cause of severe pain in the back lower part of my head lay down take 2 tylenol goes away after 30 - hour. Reason for a Prostate Massage!? My dad is 65 has weak spells, dizzy and slurred speech..only last about 15 minutes or so? MY COLLEGE STUDENT HAS SWOLLEN AND OOZING SKIN ON FOREHEAD, SWOLLEN LYMPH GLANDS AND HEADACHE. IS IT IMPETIGO OR MRSA? Painless swelling under penis head noticeable only during full erection. Uncircumcised age-25y.o. Hi. I am 25 y.o. I have a painless swelling under my penis head. Please follow links below for images. I've had extreme head pain while having sex. What is happening? anger issues making me hit myself in the head and chest, how can i stop doing this? ended up getting mri to check errectile disfunction while lying down or bending head down I can feel my brain moving around and I haven't done anything, such as jumping around or shaking my head. Is this normal I am 26,experiencing hair loss.Started using Rogaine 1month back.Losing 10-20 hairs every time I apply?Should I continue What is this on my penis? what can happen if i do not do anything for kidney infection? i am having symptoms that scare me. Hi i am experiencing severe head pressure and ringing of the ears. I had my ears checked but they were normal. Tiny colourless spots all over my forehead. Please see profile picture Daily and severe motion sickness 13yo passed out,awake now, b.p. 100/65, what,s happening? neck pain that comes and goes whenever i bend it or turn my head feels like it pops I have this cut/lesion on the head of my penis that bled over night (Not excessively). What is it? Surf wave drove me head first into the sand whats shots, if any at all, and what medication is given at er to a patient in distress from anxiety and panic attack ? Is it possibly Peyronie's Disease? If so, in early or late stages? Or something else? Jesus Christ Heals. What to expect? What should we do? Why does my head hurt so severly when I cry? I simply try not to cry as it is so painful. I had a tick on my head near the top of my neck. There is now a pimple like area where the tic was should i be concerned Feet going numb after hit head. Numbness, tingling in legs and feet can you pretreat shingles with over the counter vitamins? My 6 year old son complains about his head hurting at least 6 times a month, what might be the cause? I have a dark ring under the head of my penis.  My 9 year old son has recently developed car sickness and now gets dizzy when his head is below his knees.  For the past few days, I have been experiencing dizziness and slight pressure in my head, is it anxiety related? Head of penis and skin directly under red and swollen Always have tight neck, been having headaches, sometimes they make me sick, can someone tell me what this is? Can office work cause your head to hurt more with heat exhaustion? I pulled a tick out of my skin, but the head remained. I have redness in that area. Do I need to get the head out ? Hole under head of penis? can neurophy effect the neck? High Blood pressure, increased pulse rates, high acidity and throbbing feeling in the head.What could be wrong? Can you have Postconcussive Syndrome if you were told you didn't have a concussion? can a concussion cause vestibular migraines?  What if you can't get a person who you think has a concussion to go to the doctor? hypothyroidism- can this make your head feel like its on fire?  Swollen lymph nodes? Do I have a concussion? Is a CT scan indicated on an 84 year old male, on blood thinners, with a TBI? MD did not do one. Dad died. Law suit?  I have a pea-sized lump on the head of my penis that does not itch or burn, so what could it be? I have wavy lines, that have a few tiny red spots and don't itch or hurt, under head of my penis. What should I do? A bad taste in mouth Should I be concerned about past head trauma which hasn't been checked out by a doctor? can your mind take over when you fall and can't feel any pain and you're just perfectly fine or is it something else? Breathed in welding fumes, pressure on left side of head, confusion and nasal drainage. Can a stye show up over night looking like a pimple w a head on it?  What is the name for "excessive sweating" from the neck up, only? i have this red spot on the head of my penis for 2months now, no pain not itching, it accumulates crust on it sometimes Headaches for a week. And three days ago my right eye vision became blurry. My headaches are always on my right side.  I'm 4 1/2 wks pregnant. My scalp is itchy n I have dandruff. Can I use head n shoulders to treat dry scalp? severe stomach pain every morn. untill about noon time.  is reoccuring headaches in four year olds common? Random mild itching in penis a few days after unprotected hand job and blow job blister on pensi head how long does it take eyes to adjust to a new prescription? i'm having migraines with a lot more frequency than usual. How do I treat stitches with puss? How long should I wait for the antibiotic to work? I have a neurological issue that is impairing my cognitive functions. I can't get diagnosed. What do I do? Pulsating headache after head trama? Not circumsized and skin has tightened around head of penis and can no longer pull it back comfortably what should I do 6yr old yesterday fell headfirst has bump on forehead this morning her eye is swollen/purple should i go to er? Under the head of my penis on the shaft is two red splotches. they arent raised at all and dont itch or hurt.  I pulled my foreskin back for the first time while masturbating, my dick shrank and wont erect. foreskin looks too long veins bulging out Close to the head of my penis Small veins bulging out Close to the head of my penis... What is cause of sudden intense head ache while straining physically?  is it safe to take two kinds of antibiotics at one time if a person is short of breath do you elevate or lower the head my son 2 fell hit his head and has a bump outward,he fell asleep but is a wake now crying should i be worried Son has a Bruised back and is Vomiting after being tackle on Friday while playing football what should I do ? lump on labia beside clitoris and a little bit higher then the clitoris bottom line..could this be heart related or just in my head?? was there some sort of drug in my drink? Since I had brain surgery before, is it bad for my health if my boyfriend pulls my hair roughly? drug in drink or did i over do it? weight loss is it normal for my 3yr old son to hate when i try and wash his uncircumcised penis? I recently had unprotected sex, almost a week later my lymph nodes in the back of my neck and head are swollen and aches What is this white flaky stuff at the head of my penis? Small bump on penis What causes a creeping flesh sensation,especially on face and scalp? can I split my medication in half to lower the dose? can degenerative disc disease cause thigh pain? prolonged neck stiffness after accident Penis swollen in area just under head. Dark spot in middle like a bruise. Tender to touch urinating is normal. Can I use Calamine lotion on a sympton like heat rash? Why am I suddenly oily and breaking out? Signs of Panic Disorder, or a heart problems? Can you get shin-splints at the end of cross country season? Pink bumps around my penis head my son is 44.25in. hehas two older broters who were much taller is there a posibilty of dwarfism? had safe sex..the next day(about 5-7 hours later) i noticed 2 tiny dots on head of penis. can it be from rough oral?  masturbation i have a part of my head of the penis itchy and when i scratch it swells I have a patch of hair missing. Why is that? Pain and popping in ear months after a mastoidectomy. I was punched in the ear and left ear lost hearing, ive just put my head under water and there was a pop and so painful Can estrogen pills cause hair loss on your head? Discolored penis skin Can medication cause problems with the penis? I accidentally had very hot water on my penis, will there be a nerve damage or friction burn? My friend hit me in the back with a tennis ball. Now my lower back hurts and my head feels weird. My spine feels weird I get boils/absesses in my pubic area but they only happen at certain times of the year like fall/winter.  I am only 14 and i thiink my low blood pressure is caused by my Anti-Depressants. Is this bad? Dizziness and head spinning...now I notice a blood spot in my right eye I have post-concussion syndrome and cant sleep. Suggestions? pain in neck with temp of 101 How much weight can I loose if I stop drinking 8 cans of Pepsi a day ?? Small white looking pimple like spot inside mouth. Worried if it's cancer or leukoplakia. Please help someone :( does stress cause low zinc levels? I got only one tiny red ulcer on the head of my penis, what could it be? 