What are the symptoms of migraine headaches? Is the side-effect of the diet pill Phentermine massive headaches? Is it okay to give my son Benadryl and Advil for his runny nose, sinus pressure and headache? What over-the-counter (OTC) medication is OK to take for headaches when you have stomach ulcers? How long does it take Methergine to work for a headache? Can having headaches increase my risk for a stroke? I am a college student and wonder what could be causing headaches during exercise? Twice this week I got a mind-numbing headache during sex. Should I be concerned? My son got hit in the head with a baseball. There is no lump but he complains of headaches. How long will this last? Can migraine headaches be caused by lack of sleep? What can be done about headaches associated with multiple sclerosis? How can I determine if my new glasses are causing my headaches? Are headaches a side effect of taking citalopram? Have there been any advancements in diagnosing or treating chronic daily headaches? Can you recommend a medication for rebound headaches besides Excedrin?  What can I do to treat Tension Headaches at home? I have a big headache, and I'm pregnant. What over-the-counter medicine can I take that will be safe?  Im taking sulfameth/trimethoprim for a bladder infection. Can I take acetaminophen or Excedrin Migraine for a headache? What is the strongest over-the-counter headache/pain reliever medicine?  I take amitriptyline for headaches, and now the doctor gave me Ambien for sleep. Can I take these medications together?  Im taking Maxalt daily for headaches. I took one this morning and my head still hurts. Can I take Excedrin now? Can I take ibuprofen for a headache if I am already taking Adderall XR 20 mg?  Is Laudanum still used for headaches or other conditions?  I take Midrin for headaches, but I am currently on Adipex P. Are these safe to take together?  Are there any natural remedies, such as acupressure or essential oils, to treat headaches?  When is a headache a real problem? After a tension headache and sinus infection for several days, why have I been confused, spacey, and forgetful? At 56, I have had migraines since my teens. Recently, I have daily headaches and developed rosacea. Are they related? What is a headache diary? What is a massage as a treatment for headaches? My husband took a 25 mg Imitrex for a really bad headache over three hours ago. Can he also take Vicodin?  Are herbal supplements helpful for relieving headaches? What are common side effects from medications used to treat headaches? Can you have an all over headache after having a panic or anxiety attack? I wake up at home, feeling dizzy, weak and headache. I sleep elsewhere I dont wake dizzy, what is the cause or allergy? Is it possible to have depersonalization symptoms after a migraine attack? Is it normal for a 5yr old to have migraine headaches heavy weight feeling on chest I have a friend who's body creates more Bad Bacteria then good.. What can we do to stop this and get more good bacteria? nasal congestion, sinus pressure, headache or pain by right eye from pressure, and pressure buildup in right ear. Everytime I eat a large meal I get nauseated, i get a headache and become irritable and tired. should i be worried if my headache has lasted for 5 days and nothing is helping should i go to a doctor? 6 months ago my daughter was diagnosed with mono. today we still battle the white stuff in her throat.anything we can do Lumbar Puncture Complications .... if u miss your period for one month an the next month u get sever cramps with three days bleeding what does that mean large painful lump on back of the neck by spine Is it normal for a 15 year old female to have migraine/tension headaches daily? hi im only 14 and i have a sore throat and ive been shaking a lot and slight feaver and a headache what could it be? I have been having very sharp,stabbing pains down through the top rt/rear of my head.The pain almost knocks me down. Headache, dizziness, claminess, pale, upset stomach, cant focus eyes. This happened 3 times in past 6 weeks. What wrong? How does severe headache relate to heart disease? My 11yo has chronic headaches. CT scan shows 1.4cm polyps/cysts inright maxillary and sphenoid sinuses. Any info? metalic taste in mouth My granmother my told her shingles where internal? Can't find any information about that. Can you take Headache Relief (equate brand) medicine with Tamiflu? 10 days have very bad headaches. 3- 4 per day lasting 1-4 hours each. Had ct and script for imetrex. ct was - any ideas? Got the Depo shot in Aug. for the past 5wks I have had my period, nauseous, dizzy,headaches, weak, tired, eyesite blurry How do I know when a head injury is bad enough to see a doctor? What can I do to help ease chest pain??  Last night I laid on my floor and got a really bad headache, couldn't open my eyes, and started convulsing? Seizure? I have had 2 brain surgerys, 4 aneurysm. I have been severly dizzy, nauseated, headaches and vomiting. Do I have a sinus infection? i keep having headche even i diet good and i dont think i have stressful life am happy How can I help my son who gets alot of headaches? if i want to stop having menstrual cycles and migraine headaches, do i need a complete hystorectomy I hit my head on a wooden pole very hard.  seeing white spots followed by headache I was seen in local er for sever headache on Monday, had ct and lumbar puncture, now still have headache neck/back pain I have been having headaches for the past 3 or 4 days. They usually dont start until its night time. How can i stop them Can I stop taking Flomax once I have passed the kidney stone? my 9yr old daughter has had a headache,fever,voming,tired all the time,dizzy  Getting sick overseas. When Viagra and other ED treatments fail what can help with premature ejaculation? when I try to have an organism, I get a severe headache, why? What would cause discoloration of your stool, specifically a black color? Should a person go to the ER if urinating with pain and bright color blood drops? Why do I wake up nauseous every time I take a nap for over 1 hour during the day? Water in ear extremely painful, causes disorientation and sever headaches. Headache at the base of the skull where it meets the spine. Sudden onset during sex. Reoccuring everytime. My mother has suffered for four years with headaches,dizziness and a stroke. She now has 3 personalities. What can I do? I frequently get horrible headaches out of no where. I started brown spotting instead of my period what could this possibly be? im a 45 yr old white female have mitral valve regertation.i pushed my shin bone it stayed dented no pain or swelling?? I had a HeartCath several months ago. I showed no blockage, but my symptoms continue.  My Mom is 56 and has frequent headaches, nausea, dizziness and a constant dull pain in the back of her neck. What is it? How much ibuprofen is too much during the first trimester of pregnancy? Made this mistake, worried. Is there a relationship between excessice coffee drinking and high blood pressure? im on blood thinner what can i take for a headache what diagnosed deals with headache, vomiting, nausea, abdmonial pain? body aches and body hurts bad headaches hurts to swallow heads cloged up He gets a headache, light headed, dizzy, slurred speech, and sometimes a limp when he walks, can tell coming most times What could be going on with my son?? My 3 yr. old has a 101.7 fever, shakes, headache, fatigue, and is sweating a lot. Is it just the flu? When I defecate it is mostly undigested food I've been having flash headaches and fevers. what could it be? What will fix a headache and fever for someone on blood pressure medicine? Im an adult, have no pain in my ears, but had a severe headache for past 2 weeks then now my right ear is "stopped up" What are advantages/disadvatages in taking med marijuana  migraine 1year few hour breaks Been treated most drugs and botox are there any clinics for me this has destroyed my life watery eyes runny nose slight headache no cough What can I do for a urinery track infection My 8 year old has had a fever for 2 days and now her fever is up to 103.7 should I go to a doctor? Back of the head pain for 2 months. It's unbearable to stand or sit up but goes away when lying down. Any ideas? What causes severe headaches daily that make you cry, pain behind the ear, and pain in the neck with stiffness?  What are some recommended meds to level out blood pressure and avoid spikes and drops?  the last 2 days i have been dizzy,headach,and unbalance. when i walk i loss control of my (left) legs,weak, ,nausea. what does it mean if you have a headache your legs feel weird you're light headed and tired with a high pulse? After 1 hr of zumba, my head hurts really bad, almost like a migraine, throbbing for about an hour or 2 after. Could Migraines indicate something more serious? have pain in the right side of my neck that goes way up into a terrible headache on the right side of my head should i get my brain aneurysm fixed ? i have hed a headache for 5 months now ... when i cough very hard i go numb and feel like im going to pass out and after it passes i get a headache. Am I Pregnant? Teenager age 18 with low grade fever 2 days, headache, eyes hurt with light and swollen upper lip i have blood in my urine, male, 50 yoa, had fever/headache yesterday, feel better today Since summer 2013, I've been sick at least once a month with a severe sore throat. Could there be an underlying problem? Is it possible to fall pregnant while taking yasmin? What can cause spotted blurred vision that sometimes brings on a headache in someone with no Hypertension? Taking xanax after 2 ibuprofen an hour ago? Bronchitis - Taking Amoxicilian  had chest arm,kneck pain with sweats and headache lightheadness 4 days on extremeley fatigued with headace mind fog etc Recently, I have chills, extreme skin sensitivity in my torso, and intense headache. i turned my head right slightly ,and felt a popping sound in my neck,and now i have constant head ache on my left side blurry vision and headache? what do i do if my eye keep hurting me after i accidentally placed some nail fungus medication?  14 y.o. daughter complains of chronic headaches drymouth. She is drinking water all the time because she's thirsty  21 days of diarrhea, mod-sev ab pain, head ache, fever and nausea.. today a "lump" in upper right/middle abdomen. Help? Strong smells like candles, perfume and lotions, Can they give people headaces? Can a cold develop into flu? I have 3 rib fractures from a skating fall and now terrible headaches and dizziness with nasea, do I need to see a dr.? my three year old granddaughter has had a low grade fever for severl days mainly at nght and is saying she has a headach my night sweats wake me out of a sound sleep what's my problem and can it be taken care of by my doctor I have had a had a moderate headache , queasiness and diarrhea of and on for a month, and now I lack energy I have a headache for several weeks now. It feels like a hammer is slamming on the left side of my head. What is this? have not had a bowel movement in about 5 months, what can i do my sister has 102 fever along with headache bodyache and vomitting feeling what immediate first aid can be given I have shingles and the rash is on my left buttock and also on my left labia. Is this an uncommon area for this? :( I've been puking a lot and getting head aches. I don't know what to do. What could i have? took 3 1/2 hydrocodone pills for cluster headaches now stomach is upset n cant sleep n on the toilet alot wats wrong possible cause of a severe headache with radiating lower back pain Should I see a doctor? Had a sudden severe headache, numbness, nausea, blurred vision, seeing stars, rash and numbness hasnt left. What is it? If a drink 1 beer I immediately get a headache.It lasts for days. Possibity that I an alergic to alcohol/hopps/grains? Can a child have chicken pox if he does not have a fever and has not signs of itching? i have a severe headache almosts every day that is located on the back of my head behind rightside ear.thers also a knot I DON'T HAVE ANY MEDICAL INSURANCE. IS THERE A CHEAP QUICK TEST THAT I CAN TAKE TO DETERMINE IF THIS IS MY PROBLEM? im sick with a cold have the worst headache ever a sore throat and keep breaking in to sweats. whats wrong with me? help do they always check 4 pregnancy when u go to the er ?second month w/o a period? but they said nothing 1 way or other? I have an mri of my head. Need another opinion. What is the best type of doctor to pursue to read and diagnose my mri? why would I get head aches in my sleep?  I know my blood pressure is causing headaches. Can I temporarily take additional blood pressure medicine to help? For 3 days now I have not been able to keep anything down. sharp pains in my side. headachs, vomit dirrah, but no fever? When stopping amitrityline, no matter how small the dose, should it be done via a weaning process? Does Mirena Iud cause false negative pregnancy tests? pregnant girlfriend, having constant severe headaches, severe nausea and severe lower back pain for a couple days now i had my tonsils taken out at 2, and am now 16, could they have grown back? My last two periods the pain has been horrible, even with Midol and there hasn't been any blood, should I be concerned? My period has been for about 2 wks and i have a pain in my lower left side pelvic area. What's wrong with me? I had a sharp pain in side/back of my head at base of skull-2 inches behind ear. It feels bruised now. Stress headache? does dehydration cause fever? Can you have headache if you stop having sex? Waht causes blackouts where the person acts violent then wakes up with no recollection of what happened? My doctor said I was healthy. But then said I may have depression and anxiety but did nothing, what do I do? what causes headache at temples when i do lunges why do I feel tired, exhausted, and suffering from a headache all the time ? I noticed a very thin white coating on my tongue a week ago in patches and white/yellow small raised bumps in the back? Am I Pregnant? When should I take a pregnancy test? I have recently started to have neck pain and headaches. I cannot find a pillow that helps. What could cause this? how can i thicken my blood?  i get headaches, runny/stuffy nose, sore throat, and cough a lot when im at my house but not when i stay somewhere else? what can cause a black eye and headaches without being hit I'll be okay feeling, then in a split second I'm in an undescribable mood. What's wrong? Why do over the counter migraine medicine make my face swell am i pregnant cannot tolerate blood pressure medicine Been having headaches, nausea, sore boobs, nipples getting darker, and feel bloated even if i don't eat. am i pregnant? Something wrong with my head? What would cause increased headaches only after eating?  I get a stuffed up nose and mild headache when I take Cialis. I saw that antihistamine's will effect the Cialis. Severe headache with sex, at moment of orgasm, is it severe? What medicines can you take while pregnant? My pregnant wife mainly takes tylenol pm and has avoided it 'til we know. my tonsils are swollen and it started with a headache and have some white spots on tonsil Am i pregnant? I have been having cramping, nausea, headaches, food cravings, and constipation. Can I take the following vitamin dosages together? I think I need medication to quit drinking,I'm worried,and what if I don't have insurace? Are there programs to help me? Hi there. i would like to know what could be affecting me as i have never experienced such symptoms before. I am 27, have reoccuring UTIs and multiple renal cysts. Should I see a nephrologist? I have asthma, the smallest exposure to bleach causes me to feel dizzy and light headed, or pass out. Please help? my two year old got thit in the forehead with baseball bat.he was concious.it started to swell and had a small cut I have no appetite. Can I take Norco after having taken Melixicam? Do I have mono? Severe headache after head bath. ExpertAdvice is much required would a sprained neck induce a headache WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU RUN OUT OF YOUR ANTIDEPRESSANT? my son's body is red all over especially the face, ears, and chest, hot to the touch, headache, and says he is dizzy I'm an anxious person. I like videogames and i'll play a tournament today and i'm feeling nervous/anxious is this okay? When should I be concerned?  i think i have a stomach virus? i havent been able to eat for days, and it's been causing headache and i am always tired Headache with a lot of pressure in head. Is this sinus? Type your question here.Can cervical spondilosis cause high blood pressure I have a headache a week after hitting my head. I have been spotting for about 3 months Hi My name is Sara. I'm14 and have all dearrhea symptoms and my period is late for 3 months whatcan ido without seeindoc grandson, 7 yrs old, 4'9', and 125lbs. younger brother tested pos. for strep. hes vomiting, fever, slept for 2 days, Why does my vision go black for about 30-45 minutes? Sometimes then followed by a headache. Why Have I havent had a period after two months discontinueing my birth control shot? Could I possibly be pregnant? Is it possible for symptoms of HIV to occur the day after possible exposure? Can you contract HIV when using a non-latex condom or chlamydia? How severe is his concussion? Can you become pregnant with the same symptoms as having your period? I have a concussion, slept and when I woke up my upper body/arms jerked? blurred vision and headache and blood pressure is 85/62 pulse 111 Does exposure to fumes from propane and tar for more than 8 hours cause headaches, sore throat, coughing, and sore eyes? I have the implanon rod and I am experiencing pregnancy symptoms. after I do work in high heat, I get painful throbbing in my inner ears and inner head, also SEVER headaches!!! On the Pill. Brown discharge, cramping, sore breasts and bloating. Has anyone had this before? Is it normal to have trouble while walking straight? Sometimes I feel like I am being pulled to the right i've using an eyeglasses almost a year..my eyes are yellowish and i had headache several days already. Tongue tingling on right side followed by headache. Causes weakness, confusion, and uncoordination. Is this serious? My daughter never feels good, always runs low grade fever,has achy bones and joints, our doctor can't seem to help Is it normal for your period to start off brown? I have light headache and abnormal heart rhythms these days. What's wrong? headache for 4 days. getting worse. no relief. noticed more confusion. what could it be? Is it a tension headache if your headache never goes away even when you take tyenol? 18 years old, crying for no reason I'm sick I am 24 years old and have a severe lack of energy. I have headaches and severe joint, neck and back pain.  Can cymbalta cause headaches Brain Tumor When on BP meds and BP continues to run high (150/100), along with headache, when should medical attention be sought? can hight to extreme cholesterol cause kidney failure have acute sinusitis/have a severe headache,stiff neck and blurred vision passed out. should i go to emergency room Our 5 year old has a bad headache with a 101 temp. Healthy 33 yr white female. High BP as of 3 mnths ago, 143/91 avg. Creatinine 1.3 and gfr 50L, thoughts? how long does it take to get rid of flu with tamiflu What do I need to give my 3 year old toddler for runny nose, watery eyes and slight headache? My 14 year old had had a severe headache and sore throat for a week; she just finished antibiotics; what to do? i drink about 7 or more soft drinks a day and i get a headache about lunch time everyday what could be the cause  can a breast feeding mother take dapakote i had a transplant 3 years ago and i would like to know if i can take a moltrin if i have a headache? Poor lubrication due to infection? Im 16 both of my parents smoke,and anytime i enter a room they have smoked in i get headaches Should i go to the doctor. I ha ve sever headache after 10 days after child birth ?? What happens when you get electrocuted? I had a hysterectomy done 2 weeks ago and 'im having moderate vaginal bleeding and really light headed. Even when I sit I've had the same headache at the same every day for about a week now. It is right above my right eyebrow on my forehead HOW TO AVOID A VIAGRA HEADACHE If your diagnosed as having a stroke in a clinic, should they send you home and tell you to see your doctor th next day?  keep seeing diffrent things in my prephreal vision My husband has sinus headaches that wake him up every night. Decongestents don't help and CT scan showed nothing. i am 16 and i have high blood pressure, when i stand it rasies. Also i have chest pains and headaches offten. bright red bleeding about 1 week before my period. Not alot to fill a pad mostly on tissue and in the toliet. Seattle.My roommate and I wake up with drymouth/mild headaches/stomach pain. Professional mold/other air tests negative. What do you do if you have low B12, critically low Vitamin D, low testosterone, headaches, hand tremors, insomnia, aller How long should I wait before bringing my 11 yr old with flu symptoms to our family dr? It has been 8 days. Lately, I have been suffering from blurred vision after spending long hours at my computer. What causes this? my head and neck hurt after falling on ice and hitting head, what could it be? Can I be immunized if I have a cold? Does cuts or bruises on the virgina cause headaches nd back pains Migraine or something worse? I have mild nausea, body aches and headache but no fever I need to know if I'm schizophrenic Im having headaches, earache, inflammed throat, a tiny bump on the tip of my tounge, green mucus, runny nose. Help? Should I pester my Dr. about my ongoing symptoms from a head trauma I had 3 mos ago?  Unprotected sex!!! could i be pregnant?? my period is 3 weeks late and i feel bloated, could i be pregnant? I hit the side of my head will I be alright? I've had the flu for five days along with having massive episodes of yellow watery diarrhea. Suggestions? I have a lump on the lower back of my head. Its gotten bigger, hurts and is hard. Any ideas whatit could be? I have had constant 24/7 nosebleeds and everyday get bad headaches. What could it be? Can I have strep without fever? Do cataracts cause headaches On antibiotics for 48 hours for fever + drainage. Is it ok to also take Advil for a headache? will a cold or sinus infection make you feel weak with no energy  I was diagnosed with a ear infection on Saturday and I was given course of antibiotics but i am due to go skiing on fri I was smelling a 100% polyester backpack to see if it needed to be washed.I got a headache, Can this cause brain damage? Had A tick about 5 months ago,got it off but still have a rised bump and now HAVE THE SYSTOMS FOR LYME IS THI possible/ Is it possible I could have Depresson or Anxiety? could i have depression or anxiety I have a seizure disorder but im waking up with headache on one side of my head what does it mean? Can a loose or infected tooth cause headaches Should I see the doctor for my heart? I have to eat or see the doc, that's why I am here. My grandson has had headaches and also running fever with it for over a month now not understanding why. Any opinions If my pants are just a close fit, not even tight I get headaches. Can I train muscles to prevent this? How can I avoid pressure headaches when playing my oboe? Seeing tracers, floaters, and having dizzy spells, headaches how do i ween myself from drinking nothing but caffeinated soda pop Diagnosed with gallbadder sludge and acute pancreatitis I'm vegetarian. I get a lot of headaches and I am tired all the time, especially when menstruating. Is this anaemia? I have the chills, a headache, and am nauseous. What is wrong with me and what do I do? how long do alcohol withdrawals last my husband 31years old (230lbs) , who under penalty of death will not see a doctor has had blackout/ fainting spells  What doctor should I see or what do you thinks wrong? Help! Blood Glucose Levels ive had high blood pressure all day, felt like ive had heart burn and a headache,  can too much potassium cause headaches Can high blood pressure cause a severe headache during sex? My nose is always stuffy,feel pressure in my head and get headaches all year long.what could it be? do peanuts help prevent headaches extreme thirst, urinating every 20-40 min for 6 hours straight. headache. vomitted 3 times in past 10 hours. no fever  why do I get a massive headache and pin like back pain and vomiting when I even try to push out the diarreaha What is the most healthy way to adjust for jet lag? Have been feeling headache after coming back from a China trip. can constipation cause headaches? I have chills, a headache, and a sore throat, what might I have? I am 27 years old experiencing hot flashes headaches abnormal menstrual periods bloated lower abdomen pelvic pain Can I masturbate 24 hours after a Lumbar Puncture? Bloating in uterus area What could poosibly cause a swollen lymph nobe on the back right side of head? Very tender and causing slight headaches. mom fell backwards on to her back on concrete and has bups on head with on larger Ecotrin vs Fluoxetine is vertigo related to ear pain? My 19 yr old has had a headache for 3 days. Nothing has worked. He lives out of state what should he do? I been on the depo shot for 4 months and been bleeding for 3 I checked my blood pressure today and it was 135/93. Is that bad? Dizziness headache Chest pain Dull pain in side back and naval Lost and gain but mostly loss of appetite Why would an mri of your brain be painful and why would you have a hard time standing and walking after the mri? Is a blood pressure of 154/114 and a headache something I should be concerned with? Pain in middle of chest for weeks now. what can frequent headaches, lightheaded, tired, sweaty and cranky be symptoms of?? I once had a bad reaction to niacin. Now I am sensitive to it. What can I do? I am suffereing from extremely painful headaches and are accompanied by painful boils in my nose. What is it?  I have blood in the eye along with a bruise and slight swelling. I woke up two days ago with this. Blood in eye with bruising and slight swelling. Woke up 2 days ago with this. Now having headache.See a Dr or let it be? I have had a severe headache for over a week now and just took 12 500 mg tylenol. Is this ok? I have severe sinus headaches that are unaffected by ibuprofen, zyrtecD and a nasal steroid. Can you get cold sores from mono I have had a sore throat for a month now and its starting to hurt more everyday what should i do is headache a sign or symptom related to contrast dye My mom put me on a 600 calories a day diet and since then I've been getting bad headaches. Is the diet the cause? How do I figure out what kind of Chronic Back Pain I have? Bloody stool help? I got my tubes tied after my 3rd child. Its been 2 years now. I have had my period every 28 days for 6 days. Why does my head hurt so severly when I cry? I simply try not to cry as it is so painful. Diabetes Symptoms I have headaches, mild fever, horrible cough, nasal congestion, body aches (towards the upper bod). What do I have? due for my period 2 days ago. This past week I was nauseous in the morning, stomach feels crampy/bloated, negative test I've just started taking birth control, could it be causing my chest pains and headaches? why do I wake up with a headache when I take my incilin at night Ever since it got warm enough to use air conditioning I've been getting headaches caused by the air. What could be wrong Always have tight neck, been having headaches, sometimes they make me sick, can someone tell me what this is? Can office work cause your head to hurt more with heat exhaustion? I was wondering how accurate an HIV blood test at 7 weeks would be? Mine came back negative; my Doctor said not to worry I have a rubber earphone protector material in my ear, is there any medicine that will disintegrate the material? I've started to exercize and eat better. But I'm getting bad headaches and neasea. Yes, I drink plenty h2o. I have DDD in 5 c-disks, 3 are ruptured. I have RA, spinal stenosis and migraine like headaches. would surgery help? Severe headache after using a male enhancement. After 2 days the headache included back pain and leg pain. Emergency? Is Cafergot a narcotic Is a 96.9 axial tempurature normal for a 14 year old girl?  I was bit by an insect on my calf but I don't know what bit me and whether or not I should be concerned. Can my frequent headaches be related to herniated discs they are and originate at the base of my neck Can children get headaches with the onset of a fever? After giving Motrin the fever came down and the headache went away Really bad stomach pain, back shooting pains, very bad headaches = what possibly? Headaches for a week. And three days ago my right eye vision became blurry. My headaches are always on my right side.  could i be pregnant? or could it be after effects from the depo shot is reoccuring headaches in four year olds common? my husband has blood pressure of 201/85 with headache and sweating. what does this indicate? is a sharp headache sign of early pregnancy? sudden fever chills headache neck pain ringing in ears started about 3hrs ago help what would cause a bitter metallic taste in my mouth every morning and persistent headache for more than two weeks now?  I need some pretty immediate answers, please I have a neurological issue that is impairing my cognitive functions. I can't get diagnosed. What do I do? Pulsating headache after head trama? What if Tylenol doesn't work for you? Is there another medication I can take? I have stopped taking Celexa for 3 days because I cannot afford to go back to dr. for a refill. Any OTC meds I can take Its been 2.5 weeks since I have had a BM. My "reg" is 3-4 days w/o BM. Im dizzy headache and itchy. Abdominal pain.help? Headache post op for detaced retina, how long will this last?  my 8 yr old daughter hit her chin on her chest during gymnastics saturday.  Small black spot on side of tongue pretty far back. Black spot on lower gums. Glasses with different frame but same perscription causing headache and nausea. Possible cause for this? havn bleeding problem not too painful lots of blood in toilet when i have a bowel movement Could I have mononucleosis again after being better for just two weeks? What viruses include these symptoms: headache, body aches, weakness, fever, loss of appetite, stomach pain, and nausea? Am I Pregnant? I have persistent headache and I feel like I have lowgrade fever. Help! Does headaches stop when using DHEA Can I eat pizza after getting over a stomach flu, body aches, and headaches? Can not ejaculating cause headaches? I am having woozy, headache, lightheaded on and off all day for the last 8 years. Do you have any advise?  Hi I was shocked by 14400 volts Nipple and breast pain could i be pregnant? Gastric bypass in '98 my issues, dizzines, headaches, RLS, vomiting, Reflux, body aches, depression to much to list. Having trouble still Sudden extreme thirst,headache,dry mouth/throat,frequent urination,eyepain,pressure on throat.It won't go away! HEADACHES WITH THROWING UP I've got a really bad earache as well as a very  What do I do next? I am virgin, last period, 22.11.14 and took BC pill first time today, having alot of headache should I stop using it? Constant headaches, Watering eyes, I sweat a lot in my sleep, Also very sluggish, coughing My period hasn't came on. I have been having gas, peeing, headaches, sleeping a lot. Could something be wrong with me? 