I burned my hand with hot water and its starting to blister. Are there any at-home things I can do to promote healing? I have contact dermatitis. Is there an over-the-counter ointment that I could buy to help heal this up? My lower leg has been itching, and Ive had slow-healing sores, for five years. Is it related to high stress at work? I had a wisdom tooth removed. How can I help it heal faster? I have blisters on my bottom lip, because I suck my lip and clench my teeth at night. How can I help them heal faster? At 21, I'm still having breakouts. What can I do to heal them?  i had an ingrown hair on the shaft of my penis, i got it out but its not really healing, what can i do to help it bruise that won't heal My husband had skin cancer and now has a cracked lip corner that's not healing. Could it be cancer has returned? Fell over and cut head. Didn't get stiches but probably should have. Now have numbness, pain in head above cut. I had ablation surgery, should I undergo cardiac stress test, and nuclear stress test? I am afraid it will damage more. Can your tonsils burst? I have my ovaries still after hysterectomy. Can I still have bleeding and bloating?  If my boil has already been drained and healed, is it still possible to infect others with MRSA? My 2 y/o's ankle/foot was crushed with heavy steel yesterday. No fracture on Xray. Is an Aircast Walker recommended? For a neck injury involving broken vertebre, what is the best way to heal? Medication?  Is it necessary to see a doctor if you think you broke a toe? I have Hidradenitis Suppurativa. I am looking treatment(s) of this condition. I was diagnosed with MRSA in mid Sept on my nose. Why does the healed spot still hurt and tingle/ich? can you use egg whites on a burn? I have a sore patch of skin thats scaley, bumpy and peels, I have had it for months and have no idea what it is. I had a vaginal pimple, was popped, cleaned, but now keeps bleeding as if it were an open wound that won't stop bleeding ulcer what to do,eat what not to do and eat? I cut my finger 2 yrs ago. It healed and then breaks out again when in water too long. What do you think is the problem? Is there a surgical procedure to remove exess skin from the penis? As in a circumcision that didn't heal properly. i have a cut on the corner of my mouth that wont heal. what can i use to help? I have a rash under my armpit what kind of treatment should I use? A group of 7 red bumps slightly raised and itchy. Is there a corrective surgery for a circumcision that did not heal properly? I got 3rd degree chemical burns on my leg, now it is doing something strange, why? skin tears around head of penis Small White bumps on female pubic area with hard centers. They do not hurt. I Think My Urethra Ripped Open (Male) will an umbilical hernia heal itself? how do you care for an open wound after basal cell cancer surgery on your scalp? I have three sores/scabs on my face; what are they and should I be concerned? what is a collapsed bladder Is there a topical ointment (over the counter) that I can get to help heal a pulled muscle? can a torn rotator cuff heal on its own My nose ring is stuck and won't come out. What can I do? 8 wks post-hemorrhoidectomy. knife-like pain on B.M., too frequent B.M., anemic-still blood in stool,on good diet/fiber what food can u eat with gastritis until the stomach heals what would cause pain in abdoman and mid-back area, streching or taking deep breaths, after gallbladder removal surgery? how do you heal small cuts near the vaginal opening anus? pain from healed broken femur with hole in muscle  can braces on the teeth and rubber bands cause ulcers on lips? Is an itchy ear a sign of my eardrum healing? How long does it take to heal a tibia plateau fracture with minimal depression? How long to wear knee immobilizer? We have seen a dr for my baby's very severe diaper rash and are using RX cream, but nothing seems to work. Will using e-cigarettes help my lungs heal from cigarette smoking? I am a diabetic and have a painful infected cyst under my left arm that is seeping with a distinct odor what do I do?  Swollen, Itchy Foreskin... need help! Is there a remedy for dark skin patch on penis from chronic male yeast infection? I got water in my ear and I have a ruptured ear drum will this effect the healing of my ear? anus bleeding 7 weeks ago, someone came down on my outer calf playing basketball. The bone is not broken but the muscle is still sore. I had sex yesterday and now my penis is bruised and I cant get an erection. Will this heal with time? can spider bites reoccur afterbeing healed for months? Can you "heal" a cavity? I've been reading a few places that say you can. Can a third metacrapal fracture be fixed 5 years later? Split my lip open a year ago had 16 stitches. I have a bump on my lip. Will this heal or do I have to get it removed? Is there anything I can do/take to help heal my sore throat? what can a human bite cause? I have a boil and am on Bactrim.It is done draining but now it is white in color. Is this a sign that it is healing? How do you remove a nipple piercing with a barbell. Made a mistake and it was done on Feb 24/25. How do I know if my ruptured eardrum is healing or healed? My hearing is fully normal and I have minimal tinitus. I scratched my eye (no pain, but blurry vision). if you are hit in the face and have a cut on the inside of the jaw how can it be healed? My nipple has cracked and broken skin (very small) but just wont heal. Keeps scabbing, how can I heal it completely? How long does the first herpes breakout take to heal? Is there anything that can be done for relief other than warm H2O? Having tongue pain after excessive cunnilingus. Sharp pains when I lift my tongue to roof of mouth. Heal on it's own? How much longer until two hip tendon tears heal? I was told by a dermatologist to use a milk soaked washcloth applied to my sunburn area for relief and healing I had my son 4 weeks ago. I have to wait 6 weeks for sex but is it safe to achieve orgasm through clitoral stimulation? My toe next to the big toe began hurting after I sprinted (I'm 50 and raced a 10 year old) to the point I am limping.  My daughter has a fracture of her third toe (from the big toe) a week ago. We buddy taped it, etc. When will it heal100% hurt my left ear and have no moeny for doc vist what can i do to hlep it heal up how long do I soak in epsom salts after stitches are removed to help healing? I have Acne Excoriee. I'd like to stop sqeezing my acne-what's the alternative-does a ripe white acne heal unpopped? will multi vitamin help with celiac disease? what kind of doctor do I need to see if my clavicle did not heal properly? Short term prednisone use and alcohol consumption Will my broken collarbone ever be healed to 100%? How much longer until my nicked achilles tendon heals? I had appendix operation 3 weeks back, but I am still having pain on right and left side. I also have PCOS. why? I broke my 5th metatarsal 5 months ago it still hurts what should I do? Did I break it again? Have a small cut under penis head caused by zipper. It doesn't fully heal and reopens during sex. big red boils on the areola of breasts errupted on its own leaving open wound. can literally see flesh not healing how could you break a rib and not know it? HOw can I speed the healing of a bruise on my inner forarm? Have fractured pelvis healing time I have what looks like a hole on my thigh, maybe the size of a dime or smaller. Could it be serious? Kenalog injetions DURING facelift to preemt scaring. Won't hold stitchs. What is happening to my scar? Broken foot healed improperly (twice.) Should I see a doctor?  I have a perforated eardrum with dulled hearing. Should I keep my ears un-popped? On 8/11 I hit my coccyx really hard on a rock and it still hurts. Should I be concerned? Bitten Lip/Cheek Infection Due to HSV? Length of Poison Ivy rash? Perforated eardrum seemed to be healing normally. Sudden overwhelming tinnitus in past few days. Will it be permanent? Hit toe next to big. Taped, swollen, painful, won't bend, leans/rubs big toe after 1 month. What is it? Can it heal? My husband has an itchy red scab on the top of his head that won't heal. Any ideas? I cracked a rib. How to heal it without going to a hospital when can i start smoking again after wisdom teeth are removed? Can I heal myself of vertigo or do I need an Rx? how do you treat an infected belly button piercing? If a candida yeast infection starts scabbing and begins to leak is this a sign the yeast is dying? 65yr with non healing ulcer on right toe,right lower limb ischemia.what are the risk of popliteal distal bypass. How do I know if a wound is infected and/or when to go to the doctors I hit my foot 5 days ago and it still hurts...Should I see a doctor even though I can still walk? I hit my foot 5 days ago and it still hurts...Should I see a doctor even though I can still walk? 13 days ago had unprotected sex. 3 days later saw scab on Penis. fell off now its just red but healing. Std or a scab?  Testerone cream locally to help heal sprained wrist.RICE, PT and removible cast inefficitive.X-rays neg., 4 monthsnow . What can I do for a very enlarged taste bud? torn ligaments/ broken fibula DO FROZEN PEAS HELP HEAL ULCERS? treatment for anal fistula that does not heal after surgery? If you cut you clitoris a lilttle bit, does it heal itself Is there a way to eliminate or fade lip/mustache scars from cold sores? I've a newly closed anal fistula. I can feel a bulge from the fluid; the pressure is very uncomfortable. Is it healing? abnormal scab healing How can you tell when athlete's foot is healing and the over-the-counter products are working? What can help a "shocked liver" heal quicker small bruise on side of finger next to cuticle has been there 4yrs started bleeding wont heal. male 20 y.o. what antibotic is used for imflamed protitis How long does it take for a torn frenulum to heal? how long does it take for gums to heal after all teeth are removed and doing radiation how long does it take for gums to heal after all teeth are removed and doing radiation for 30 days I fell and cut my lip and tore the frenulum of my upper lip. How long will this take to heal? frostbit finger tips 4 days ago how long before normal without tingling and less detailed sensory feeling what is the next treatment for a UTI that won't go away after multipule antibiotic treatments prescribed by my doc.? I have dorsal penile thrombosis It's been 3 weeks but that will heal. Thin spider veins came with it. Will they go away? I fell 7/2013; dianosed 11/2013 with torn rotator cuff; surgery was planned 1/6/14 changed to 2/6/14. Do I need surgery? Will calcium supplement help to heal broken bones faster? What will speed the healing? how do you know if the severe pain in the groin is a problem from a hip replacement seven years ago I am a diabetic and have scraped my knee and won't heal what can I use to heal other than neosporin I have cracked heels. Hav e used many lotions and baby oil to no avail. What can I do to heal them? Do urinary tract infections heal themselves? I have a sore throat, but no fever and I don't have strep. What's wrong? What can I do to heal my throat? My neurosurgeon says I need surgery for a ruptured disc. Will this heal on its own in time? I scraped/cut my esophagus. Anything I should watch for? Any at home care advice? How long should it take to heal? my husband and I had sex to soon after his circumcision,, will he still heal? what could be some reasons a scare from the icision from a surgery for a hysterectomy do not completely heal? Identify this: Blister like in appearance, solid core, white bump on skin, no redness, no pain My 18 year old son has a cast on his wrist, single fracture - clean break. is it wise to take a fly fishing course? I have painful bumps on cheek and chin that developed after using hair trimmer to remove fine white facial hair whats it Does nicotine retard bone healing? I have planters wart r/ft. dr has frozen but has not helped.f/is very very sore and swollen. Tear at vaginal opening due to a slip during intercourse will a bone spur ever heal Bruise that won't go away, dizziness, and sleepy How long should it take to heal from a deep thigh bruise. tendonitis of the foot CAN HOLES FROM TUBES IN EARDRUM WHEN A CHILD STILL NOT BE HEALED AS AN ADULT? Does weight loss help decrease heal spur pain? I have extremely pitted tonsils and I get tonsil stones every day. Its taking a toll on my life. Can I get them removed? Are there any ointments that can speed up the healing process of genitle herpes When is it safe to resume oral sex after having a cold sore? Issue with knee. Dark blood in stool,I have thick stools of large diameter. Do I have a serious problem? I have a lump that looks like a bruise, but it is filled with blood.it bleeds and will not heal. It on my butt/thigh. Numerous bites on my lower legs from flies in the jungles of Costa Rica. Two months and the welts have not healed. Can the cold sore on my girlfriends lip spread genital herpes if she gives me oral sex? Can a cold sore give me genital herpes?  I have a recurring abrasion on my leg with ongoing abcess beneath. I travel in Asia, and swim often in the Pacific. will a torn achilles repair itself with wrapping and wearing a boot or will it take surgery?  Is there a topical ointment to help heal and ease the pain of anal fissures? I was told by someone that a torn tendon does not heal. That doesn't seem possible, is it true?  I had gotten bit by a dog and it screwed up my thumbnail. Help? my 12 year old son has a ruptered ear from an ear infection will it heal or require surgery when can I start exercisng after the vaginal tape surgery. I am very active and I am healing nicely. Thank you Givin imodium 4 getting diarrhea for a month(from clindamycin)? Worried is might be c-diff. Should i get 2nd opinion? Hello, I am an African Anerican Male, who had an unprotected sexual encounter about five months ago. Odds of HIV? I've had a bruise for at least two months and it still hasn't healed. Could it be skin cancer? I fell and hurt my tail bone while hiking. Could this be bruised or fractured? Five months into Achilles Tendinitis, what should I do? It was definitely healing but lately its been worse than ever :( Can you get an std from female breasts with peircing leakage? When a herpes sore has healed over with no leaking fluids, just light red, is it still very transferable? My husband thought he had a mosquito bite on leg, touched it and it popped. clear liquid, cleaned, covered. wont heal. edema with painful sores How does nicotine affect the healing process of a hip replacement? Will a scratch on my pupil heal by itself? I feel that my ankle hasn't healed after going through a type 3 sprain and tendonitis for A YEAR. Blood blister, now dry, never healed, yrs now. Male private area. How to clear up? OTC medication available? If on Prednisone, might I always have canker sores that won't heal? I also have Sjogrens bleeding from cut in the butt that does not heal and bleeds when i go poop lately i bleeds so much i get woozy Healthy 71 yr old male - skin on both arms bleeds easily. How can one know when it is time to have a stitch removed? What should the skin around the area look like? I have a tiny skin tear inside my penis meatus. Will it heal on its own especially it's almost constantly wet/damp? I have an abscess on my penis and have now developed a blister on the tip of my penis. Are the two related? I have a healing wound at my ankle, but there is a very bad rash of what seems like acne, should I be worrried? How would I know if I ruptured my bowel resection? Are there any home remedy creams to put near the vagina? I had to poop, i went but still felt like there was more. Hours later I went to go pee and farted there was a blood clot Oyster shell cut a week ago on toe, Cleaning daily with peroxide and using triple antibiotic. Antibiotics? Stitches? My face is very dry from an allergic reaction. Should I let it heal naturally without moisturizing? weight loss Help for irritated penile skin Are there any excersises that I can do at home? The pinched nerve is located in shoulder under healing collar bone. My husband got cellulitis in his left hip where he had hip surgery. What can we do to get it to heal? Should I wait for the broken fingers to heal with the help of a splint or seek surgery Does a wound need to breathe to heal properly? What type of foods can I eat to help prevent or heal pylori or stop the bacteria from forming  wound healing I'm in recovery from an eating dissorder and need nutritional advice on what is best to heal my body. I injured my foot a year ago by landing on it backwards from a flip. Hasn't healed yet but no bone break. Will it heal? How to care for tear on female genitals Has anybody heard of a procedure in which the hand is insterted into the abdominal area to promote healing? Why am I still in pain 2 years after surgery? Did I re-break my arm? Testicle Surgery Recovery  