What is catheter ablation for the heart? Is your heart pounding for hours a sign of anxiety attacks? Is a low-fat diet better for your heart? Should young athletes be screened for heart conditions? How do processed foods affect heart health? Is cheap red wine just as heart healthy as a fine red wine, or does the aging process boost the wine's healthy values? The left side of my chest has hurt since childhood but at 17, it has gotten worse. Should I have more cardiac tests? How does a doctor choose the kind of stent needed to treat heart blockages? How do nuts work in a heart-healthy diet? Which nuts are most likely heart-healthy? Are cardiac problems commonly associated with lupus? I am having a sudden sharp chest pain that feels like my heart is being stabbed with needles. Could anxiety cause that? What worries heart patients when it comes to sex?  Do cardiac rehabilitation programs address sex?  Is sex part of an overall healthy life and a sign of a healthy heart? What steps can I take to a heart-healthy diet? Is it recommended to elevate the feet above the heart for a person with congestive heart failure and emphysema?  I have mitral valve prolapse and minimal tricuspid regurgitation. Will taking Adderall for ADD hurt my heart?  How can sleep keep my heart healthy? What is unstable angina in the heart? Are there any drug interactions between Vicodin, or other narcotic pain relievers, and heart-failure medications? Is it safe to take the heart medicine, Toprol-XL with lisinopril for high blood pressure? Are there side effects? Does your heart stop when you sneeze? What is cardiomegaly? does heart burn cause increased heart rate? Are there any risks going under general anastesia while taking adderall reguraly? what can cause a headache,fever,chest pains, shaking of the heart and dizziness? is eating chicken bad for you Reoccuring pain in my mid to upper back and my chest, under my brests. It goes on for hours and hurts to breathe. Help? Sometimes my heart flutters followed by my breath being taken away causing me to gasp. What might this be? Is it safe to take Procera AVH while taking Coreg, Digoxin, Lisinapril and Pradaxa? I am having left sided chest pain on the inner side of the shoulder.What could cause this? would myocardial bridging of left anterior descending coronary artery be considered ischemic heart disease? Does having a particular body build affect your health? Can Fibromialgia mimik heart trouble? I have symptoms of a thyroid disorder, but results come back negative. What could it be? Why do my right arm and hand keep going numb everyday? My husband was leaning on a metal rail and now that part of his chest has been sore for a month What is the record number of Heart Catheterizations?  Causes of nausea, tightness around mid-section, shortness of breath, sweating, trembling and pain (not heart or anxiety) I had ablation surgery, should I undergo cardiac stress test, and nuclear stress test? I am afraid it will damage more. is pulmonary hypertension heart lung or vascular? blurry vision heart palpitations feeling like fainting if i dont sit happen when i eat or when i dont weakness and tired i wake up in the middle of the night choking on a liquid, what could this be? My father had a cardiac ablation done on Friday and was release from the hospital on Saturday. Can I excercise on adderall xr 25mg? Is it anything to worry about if i got ache left arm. Don't want to waste anybody time.Dizzy and chest pain, Can you be so sressed or freaked out that you pass out completely? I have a constant heart burn and I feel like I have a softball stuck in throat. What is wrong? Is it normal for your heart to race after a nap? what ar symptoms of angina pectoris in women? CAN A HEART PAITENT WHO HAD HIS BYPASS CAN HE USE VIGRA I am 86. I survived congestive heart failure. How much exercise should I expect to undertake? Heart throbs in my neck. Physical activity like running or riding my bike makes my body colder the longer I do it. Also anxiety How can I help my newborn who has "silent" acid reflux? And how long does this last?? Can a low ferritin level cause hair loss and heart palpitations in women? My ferritin level is at 12. is coffee good for your heart and how much coffee ? what causes low oxygen level Having light/mild chest pains near left brest/armpit? Heart problems at 20? Should I worry about toxic shock syndrome? Today in class I was standing on my knees and i felt my heart pounding then I got sweaty. What could this be? I am having really bad chest pains and they will not stop I have had them for 4 days now What does it mean when your heart palpatations have become more frequent? Chest X Ray findings what do they mean? My heart seems to be skipping a beat... will beat 3 times then skip a beat. What would be causing this ? Can nasal polyps cause vertigo? Can a doctor decide that if there is any blockage in blood vein by doing ECG? I take Clonazepam 2 mg, still have SEVERE anxiety while driving.Is there some other medication that can help? why do doctors call it heartburn if it has nothing to do with the heart? Is it normal to not see a heart beat or movement on an ultrasound around the 6-7 week mark? I had a HeartCath several months ago. I showed no blockage, but my symptoms continue.  what sedation medication is given during a heart catheterization What are the two most common sedations used during heart cath? 29 weeks pregnant and my heart is working so hard today that I can actually feel it beating up in my throat. Normal? I am 3 months postpartum after having my son and I need HELP! Not feeling well at all. I can feel a pulsating mass in my epigastric region and I have really bad lower back pain bothsides. Are they related? what to do if you cant get a diagnosis but continue to suffer from chest pain and elevated heart rate? I take wellbutrin and still have anxiety. Do I increase the dose or try something else? After walking a short distance my heart beats very strongly as if I just ran occasionally with lightheadedness included. While taking my blood pressure, do I listen for dystolic until I hear NO heartbeat, or until it gets faint? What causes pounding heart, chest discomfort, pain between shoulder blades for 3 months? Should you have your heart checked if you find out you have severe sleep apnea? why does my penis seem smaller then usual and cannot get an errection I have high potassium and Dr recently d/c hctz and lisinopril but left me on spironolactone.. Is this right??? Is aloe extract from the leaf good to reduce heart burn? heart rate of 207bpm is this normal I am 18, female. Have had very sharp pain behind my upper-left ribcage surrounding my left breast. What does this mean? I have a feeling of my heart beat in my right mid section should I see a Doctor now What diet for diabetic, kidney problem and heart patient? My friend has all of these problems. Why do I have a flutter in my heart area Turning blue and shaking when passing out, what could cause this?? What can taking pain pills and drinking alcohol with SVT and high blood pressure cause? Could chest pain be from 4 broken ribs in 2 places each on right side back in 2005?  had a xray done found fluid around heart waiting on test to be done but having pains on right side by breast what to do? I can hear my heartbeat as a squeeking noise coming from my throat. It changes with position,possible causes? my dr says my heart throws pvc's at night while i'm sleeping i need to know what pvc's are my father had a heart atack 1 year ago and now has a stent in his heart.now hes very sick can he have a penacillan shot  It feels like my heart is racing, but my pulse rate is normal, and I feel out of breath.What could this be? Grazed hand with screwdriver the other day. Swollen and painful. Heart feels like its racing and am hot. have pain that comess and goes right under my ribcage on the right side kinda like heart burn but wrong place any ideas? Should I contact my cardiologist for more tests. What drugs are present in "Drug-eluting stents" ? Concern is being allergic to the drug(s)  When an IV comes out of the vein but stays in the arm can the fluids go into the lungs and around the heart? what tests are done to test the heart and lungs for excessive sweating Is it normal for a doctor to put you on high blood pressure if he has not sean you before. can I safely try more than 100mg of generic viagra? my heart races faster than i can count. I get very dizzy cant see. My chest hurts and burns. this last for 5- 10 min  I suffer from anxiety. I am waiting to go to the doctor tomorrow to find out if I am pregnant. Should I take my meds? my husband just had surgetry done on his legs to get 2 big masses off now he is short breath, dizzy, rapid heart beat Pain in shoulder radiating down arm. Should I use ice or heat? Depressed for 12 yrs. I'm 33. Tried several meds. Use to be outgoing, but now I stay in my room. I feel alone and sad I have many symptoms to hypothyroidism. Is it possible that I can fall in normal ranges but still have the disease?  What should I look for when looking for a neurologist? I go to sleep and wake up crying several times a week - I cry 5 or 6 times a day. How can I deal with this? 28 yo female with fatigue and tacycardia. I've ruled out any heart issues. I have tpo antibodies but normal thyroid. My dr. said Ihave a large water filled stomach. Exactly what is this and what do I do to fix it? Cause For Chest Pain Mysterious Numbness  How do you lower cardiac calcium score? what can I do to lose weight since I can't exercise because of a back problem.  I am scared about effects of first time cocaine use. How long after using it could I have a heart atack?  How do I know if I have an enlarged heart? My husband ears are turning purple when he laids down. what can cause this ? I have an 8 yr old who always thinks she's going 2 throw up but is not sick. She shakes,heart races but she is not sick. during exercise my heart will go into hyperdrive then skip several beats in a row, I can count to 5 before it restarts what are the side affects when trying to quit taking xanax is vigous excersise bad after a heart attack I jump up when in bed, I'm not asleep yet, but feel like I'm falling, heart races, feels like I'm being shocked does going off antiidepressents cause heart palpitations Has heart any thinking power? Does heart have any grey matter? Pounding Heart After Eatting, Walking Up Steps Heart Races And Short Of Breath i sometimes feel severe fear and any noise or movement around me makes it worst. Inc frequency - episodes of sudden weakness, slurred speech, can't text, lightheaded, dizzy, sleep for 2 hrs then fine can gas cause chest palpitations followed by a bout of burping? Severe pain below rib cage on left side worsen with movement Is bacon and bacon grease bad for the heart Soes Atenolol help teens who have high anxiety at school because they stutter? is it a sign of sinus problems if im hearing my heart beat in my left ear Every now and then, particularly at night I get short sharp pains in the left side of my chest. if alka-seltzer helps me does that mean I'm not having a heart attack? Do eating raisins good for heart? Is there something wrong with my heart? What antiboitcs are ok to take, for severe cold/flu symptoms, if you are currently taking Methadone?  Do eating raisins good for heart? I cracked a rib. How to heal it without going to a hospital Fitness In a healthy heart is tachycardia life threatening will desonide work on a yeast infection on the skin can you live without a heart??? my son gained a lot of weight and now has shortness of breath coming up stairs and walking...is this weight or heart??? can heart plaque be removed holistically and or through diet alone? am i better off to have open heart surgery before a heart attack I had an allergic reaction, and was given an oral 30mg dose of prednisone. How long will it stay in my system? What steps should we take? what can you eat with a stent in your heart I'm 39 and have been experienceing what seems like hot flashes with an elevated heart rate. premenapausal? I have been having heart palpitations and fluttering for 2 days what could this be. very uncomfortable Can the flu shot cause heart arrythmia's and are these permanent? heart disease blocked arteries can stem cell help breast sore,leg cramps,weight gain,constapion,heart burn,46 years old took test it was negative any feed back? why does my stomach jerk My father is having a heart problem and hes over weight. Which exercises would you suggest for him to lose weight? Can an enlarged prostate cause hyperventilation or heart racing when a man has to urinate? Woke up in the middle of the night with my heart flip floping in circles. Afib or just palpitations? Im 32 yrs female, my doctor just told me that my HDL is low and my vitamin D is low as well my heart pounds at night, my ears burn and head pressure all the time and i feel dizzy most the time, had for 5 weeks My son, who is 26, say that when he drinks liquids, his heart hurts.His BVA-100 was normal. What can be the cause? After drinking alcohol my heart rate increases so that I notice it. Is this normal? should I be concerned about heart beat in ear My mom has had 3 episodes of dizzy spells with a low heart rate. The doctors can't find anything. What is this? 73 yr old female that has heart trouble. needs knee replacement and drs say red tape at medicare- help what can we do? I am a generally healthy 27 year old who has had multiple normal ECG's.. Am I fine?  Weird heart problem possibly? (20/female) Pain in chest, heart area. Feels like bubbles popping or blockage. Age 83.Swelling both ankles.Reduced salt.Heart,Kidney OK.Swelling ankles periodic. Can a hiatal hernia put unusual pressure against the heart? How long does it take lasik to reduce swelling during conestive heart ? Is erection gel or cream as good as internet say it does What causes high blood pressure and high heart rates in children? when to replace heart stent I'm a 21 year old male and have been experiencing chest pain for over a week. What might be the cause? I have a PE in my lung and was wondering how long I will have chest pain and shortness of breathe? what are the signs of a heart stint being blocked?? Could you provide a few links to the major studies showing excessive saturated fat is unhealthy?  I have been dizzy for 2 years. I have had my heart,lungs and ears tested by specialists, everything okay. What would cause blood clots in the lung? Cure for Neuropathy Im 34 years old and have left bundle branch block am i higher risk for heart disease? is a heart rate of 35 bad with a streached heart should a heart patient shovel snow 5 way bypass 2 years ago wonder about overdoing it feeling weak and tired after Why do u lose body hair when u have heart disease Should I see the doctor for my heart? I have to eat or see the doc, that's why I am here. what are the side affects to stopping birth control pills panic/anxeity attack or something else? I am a heart patient. What can I take (over the counter) for inflammation of the knee?  Experiencing heart palpitations with Lipitor, is this harmful Experiencing heart palpitations with Lipitor, is this harmful Diagnosed with gallbadder sludge and acute pancreatitis can excess gas cause your heart to skip I have been exercising and started a heart smart diet, now my feet stay cold. What should I do? How many grams of 70% cocoa/dark chocolate is good for heart health per day?  ive had high blood pressure all day, felt like ive had heart burn and a headache,  continued chest pain but normal lab results is it my heart Just finished tetosterone therapy, injections. 67 years old. lot of news about heart and stroke problems. Concern? Suffering syncope w/ collapse. Drastically worse the past 4 months,abt.once a week. No answers from dr. Any suggestions? chest pains Iron deficiency Anemia Does your brain have anything to do with with your heart beat? I was told I had a short that is causeing a irregular H B How can your heart or any other organ get infected? Pain, pain go away. My heart no longer wants to play.... slight fatigue, pain in arms and back, and heart pain/throbbing Apparently, a combined knee and hip replacement operation are rare. Age 83.Diabetic. Outcome prospects? I'm 68 yrs of age. I've used Androgel for 15 yrs. Am I at risk for heart attack since I have no heart condition? my HDL is 45 mg/dl and LDL is 46 mg/dl. is it good for my heart.. my Tetragliciride is 200 and Hemoglobin 11.4  Is there a diet plan for rheumatoid arthritis patients on prednisone? I had rhematic fever as a child. Was just wondering if I need to know what effects that may have taken on my heart.? I had rhematic fever as a child. Was just wondering if I need to know what effects that may have taken on my heart.? why would a dr do a doppler on the neck for poor leg circulation? am 8 weeks pregnant and have difficulty breathing,my heart beat increases after walking few distance/climbing stairs. Im a 56 yearsold woman and wanted to know what my heart rate should be when riding a stationary bike at the gym. Can energy drinks hurt my 10 year old who has adhd and bicuspid aortic heart disease? My son was almost fainted when blood was drawn from him for tests.  best cooking oil for a healty heart? I am a 40 year woman,a month and a half ago I began to have swelling in both of my legs from just below the knee down. Can a person have heart problems and still have good blood pressure? Am I getting too much Vitamin A? Are bananas bad for the heart?  I have not eat for more than 50 hours - only water- , and now my heart beats so hard and fast. Is it ok? dad is scheduled to have surgery he is on blood thinners because he had 2 stints put in, should he stop taking thinners heart attack?, having sudden shortness of breath, tightness in chest and back area but doctor thinks its acid reflux.  Is it safe for adults using blood coagulants such as aspirin and effient or plavix to have a tonsillectomy? Fast heart beat after walking 5 feet in distance I sometimes feel breathless when sleeping on my side, but I don't know if it's a health problem or just stress. Left Shoulder pain, gas? My daughter experienced fast and irregular heart beat after using Symbacort. When will this return to normal? Im 34, female. prescribed neurobion.2 injs later I have dizziness, palpitations, rapid heart-beat.Overdose? Treatable? I am cooking for heart patints that are currently taking blood thinners can I use1/3 cup of vinegar to cook with is it normal to feel your heart beating while lying down Can an IUD help if you have Endometrial Hyperplasia? Is melatonin affects the heart in any way . when I took 5 mg after two nights couldn't sleep and felt heavy in chest what does it mean when you get a metal taste in your mouth after your heart flutters can B12 cause heart palpitations I have severe chest pain on the left where my heart should be. The pain is triggered when I eat and excessive smoking what does scoliosis is evident mean from an xray of the heart? Heart failure? can the ALS challange cause an undiagnosed heart condition to appear? I drink everyday and smoke sometimes doctor says heart is fine but chest hurts and shortness of breath what can it be If a person takes asthma medicine and they do not need it will they get a hole in their heart? My younger brother age 32 died in sleep.No sign of struggle except foam like saliva.PM sugest congestive heart failure. Can striations in the fingernails indicate heart problems? bottom line..could this be heart related or just in my head?? Why do I keep having chest pain everyday? It's non-cardiac and I take NSAID's for them. i was out jogging last week, and my heart started to hurt, so i stopped and walked, and it went away, should i be worrie Is a heart arterial inflammation reversible?  55 year old male. alcoholic. heart attack at 44 yrs old. stent. fatty liver Can back pain cause heart problems? I'm 20 with anaroxia , trying to recover and I feel heart pain after eating is it normal Signs of Panic Disorder, or a heart problems? Are there safe ways to help the body miscarriage a fetus that has been dead from week 6 to 10 of pregnancy? Hi Am75 with heart condition n pace maker installed. For some time have knee pain and find problematic to climb sta  My Thyroid level is 4.8. My doctor is going to do more tests. Would this make me hyper or hypo?  I went to the ER last night with chest pain going into my right arm. Do I need stents? I am 61. Having high triglycerides (848 now) since 14years. I am having ED, wherein i get erection before intercourse, but midway its gone. I am 37, taking tablets for BP and heart I have been having bad chest pain for a week. It is not my heart evey test for the heart was ok including caterization. Am I having heart problems or is it just anxiety? I get sharp chest pains on the left side near my heart. They dont last long but it happens often. Is jaw pain while exercising a sign of heart trouble ? is coconut good for heart patients How to restart testosterone production after testosterone replacement therapy? how can I be hypoglycemic if diabetes is not hereditary in my family? 