What are genital herpes symptoms and signs?  What is the treatment for genital herpes? Could I have genital herpes and not know? Is there a test for genital herpes? Is there any way to get rid of the genital herpes virus? Are there alternative treatments for genital herpes? What does genital herpes look like? What can I do to treat Genital Herpes at home? What medications and treatments are available to treat Genital Herpes? If my partner and I both have the herpes type 2 virus, do we have anything to worry about? Could genital herpes be causing the breakouts on my torso, in my mouth, and around my genital and anal areas? What causes herpes infections and outbreaks? What are the common symptoms of genital herpes? Can I get gental/oral herpes from my girlfriend who has gental herpes If I use a condom?  Herpes, what does it look like? what does it mean if my herpes test results were within normal limits? can genital herpes cause me to stop having my period? I have bumps on my genital region, I am a male. From what I read it doesn't appear to be herpes. No itch, pain/openings Had unprotected sex for over a month with a partner that is positive for herpes 1 and 2 can I get it? Can you contract herpes from an infected persons clothes or belongings? can you spread the herpes to other parts of body after touching or scatching blistered area? Can prostatitis cause redness on the tip of the penis? can a person get type 2 herpes from a person who has frequent cold sores?  If my husband has had herpes for 5 years why has it not shown up for me during both my pregnancies? How long can herpes go undetected? i have "pimples" on my penis and pelvis that I suspect are herpes. No pain. No watery sac appearance. No irritation.  Is Herpes 2 transmitted only through sexual intercourse? Can you get herpes 2 from a toilet seat? How could an 88 year old, non sexually active female get herpes 2 on her lower back? I have itchy red bumps around my pubic area. This morning it's spread onto my arms. Could this be from chlamydia? How long can Herpes Type 2 go undetected before someone who has been exposed has an outbreak or starts showing symptoms? im 21 and cannot orgasm or stay wet during sex and its only been this past year whats going on? What is the level of research being done to find a cure for cold sores and genital herpes and is progress being made? Can you contract herpes2 from sharing a cup or food with an infected person? Or from using the same shower or toilet? Could it not be herpes? At a massage parlor,had mammary intercourse/bare penis rubbed by breasts. Is this considered safe from STD risks? How do I talk to my fiance about having herpes? Also how can I be sure not to give it to him once were married? Is it possible to have a mild herpes outbreak (only redness and little tingling) and not infect my partner during sex? can a man already infected with herpes get sores on his face or mouth from preforming oral sex on his female partner ? if i have oral herpes can the girl get it if we have vaginal sex, dont kiss or have oral sex, but dont use a condom? me and my ex boyfriend now have the herpes virus, should we still use a condom if we have sex with each other? I just found out I have herpes. How to tell someone you work with every day you may have given it to them? I just found out I have herpes. How to tell someone you work with every day you may have given it to them? how long after sexual intercourse will one know if they have herpes if a person has an outbreak of genital herpes does their partner automatically contract the virus? i have 4 swollen lymph nodes does that mean hiv? even if i tested negarive after a year of unproctected sex? plz help can i get herpes from using the same computer mouse as some one infected with the virus? During a genital herpes outbreak if the blisters pop, can the fluid then cause additional outbreaks in that individual? can a person contract genital herpes from a person with a cold sore. and is there a test one can take to know if u have. can a kid get herpes from a cigarette butt? Why is my genital boil bleeding after I put ointment on it? Should I stop using this particular medication?  help i think i may have herpes  I think I got genital herpes from my own cold sore. Will it ever go away or am I stuck with it for life? can you have an outbreak of herpes in your hand is it possible to have contracted vaginal herpes from a sexual partner who has never had prior sexual partner before me? What Doctors are best for dealing with HSV-2? Can you take a bath with HSV-2?   I do not get blisters but I do get vaginal ulcers Is it possible that I have still have herpes? Can you contract HSV-1 that results from a scab that keeps getting disturbed?  MY HUSBAND HAS HERPES, CAN HE INFECT ME IF WE DON'T USE A CONDOM, ?  should a person with herpes let their partner know even if protection is being used and there are no outbreaks Can you contract herpes from some one if they double dip in a communal dish? Now a days the technology hs bcame much advanced, den hw ther is no cure for this silly herpes? can i spread herpes to my children? Blisters in my underarm area herpes transmission, somewhat complicated question can a woman have herpes1 on the inside and dont know it A friend has a herpes outbreak and he accidentally spit a little on my lips while talking. How likely is it I have it? can hsv2 be transmitted by bodily fluids alone. Do I have Genital Herpes? Can someone be a carrier of herpes without actually having the disease themselves? Can painful nerve endings with itching down the back of your leg be a result of an outbreak of genital herpes? My girlfriend believes she had a herpes breakout 17 years ago, is it possible to go that long without another? Can Herpes be contracted from being in a hot tub or pool? I take my meds, but don't want to infect my friends! my daughter has genital herpes, can we 'catch' anything from her by drinking, or from the toilet? How long can herpes stay in your system before an outbreak? Years? 8-10 years ago Dr said I had hsv, but even after recurrence, Herpeselect (specific) is negative. What else could it be? Can I get genital herpes from fixing someones make up? Can herpes be spead through sharing a towel or toilet? Is it likely to have gential herpes at the age of 13 with your period ? also any thoughts on what it can be ? I have herpes, my partner doesn't. How can I keep it that way? Do I have herpes or something else? What progress are drug companies/researchers making toward a cure for genital herpes?  My partner has herpes (anal). Is oral sex ok? is kissing with tongue ok? Is pleasiuring each other by masturbation ok? How Can i get herpes 2 if i have not been with anyone who has it?  Can electric blankets and/or heated car seats stimulate genital herpes symptoms? I want to get tested for herpes, but I don't have a PCP. Where can I go to get tested right away? partner thinks he has geni.herpes, I have never showen any symptoms, whaat do I do? how can hsv 2 igg be positive but (igm)ifa be negative 42 y/o - usually VERY regular periods - 5 days late last month, 12 days late thus far this month - no signs of period I've been diagnosed with genital herpes I've had my 1st outbreak. Why am I having so much pain in my pelvic area? I have a samll white pimple inside bottom portion of my lip Couls it be herpes? i have genital herpes. i am on meds. no out breaks for three years if i use condoms during sex can i spread herpes? Can bacterial vaginosis cause a painful rash with blisters? Can you get herpes from washing clothes together? I have had chickenpox and have herpes, is there any correlation between herpes and shingles? does a person with genital herpes have to show signs of an outbreak to tranfer ar can it be transfered with no signs I have not had any sort of sexual intercourse for over 3 years. Is it still possible that I may have herpes? How soon can the blood test detect if you have genital herpes can genital herpes be transmitted through oral sex? can you get herpes simples 1 by using someones razor? I have ONE pimple like blister near perianum. it is not red or blisterish. Could this be GH? If I have Genital Herpes can i give it to someone else by sharing a washer or dryer with them? have herpes why when i try to go to sleep does the area have a fire burning feeling just discomfort til then If I have Genital Herpes can i give it to someone else by sharing a washer or dryer with them? Can hsv1 flare up in my genital area again, or will it just become a cold sore? if my husband has herpes and i have no symptoms in 22 years can i still have it? How likely is it that I would have a primary Herpes 2 outbreak 15+ years after first getting the virus? I have genital herpes and I have a swollen gland that I usually get right before an outbreak.  I just got diagnosed w/Herpes type 1 in my genital area. Should I now avoid sex with my partner to avoid getting type 2? What happens if I stop taking suppressive Acyclovir? had unprotected sex with another women and my husband, we now half sores and i amvery sore from my vulva to my ass How long does the first herpes breakout take to heal? Is there anything that can be done for relief other than warm H2O? I have a small rash on both inner thighs only where my testicles touch. What could this be? First initial outbreak of genital herpes, did I contract it from my current partner or from previous partner? Is there any chance of getting genital herpes even if we use condoms and never have sex during a break out? Can herpes cause HPV in others?  If i scratch my genital herpes area,can i spread it to anybody if i dont wash my hands after scratching??? can my partner of 7 months get herpes if i have no present out break since? Can you kill an uncaught hepes viruse By washing your hands? I do not have insurance right now so is there any over the counter treatment I can use for a genital herpe outbreak? can you get genital herpes above your genitals where your pubic hair grows. without have any on your penis? How great is the risk of spreading herpes type I through oral sex? Can someone spread genital herpes by sharing a soap with family members either in the shower or sink? How much risk is there for sucking a man's penis (not knowing his sexual history) with respect to AIDS/HIV? Will a blood transfusion get rid of herpes My Girlfriend has Genital Herpes, but I love her to pieces for who she is. Should I stop dating her because of this? Is there a safe alternative to latex condoms for the prevention of herpes for people who are allergic to latex? Can you get genital herpes by touchin the affected area then touch yourself? Is it safe for someone with herpes to get a menangitis vaccination My ex and I had a daughter.He lied to me about his herpes. Since he exposed it to me, do I have it even tho he took meds can shingles in the vaginal area be responsible for causing herpes at a later time how contagious is herpes 1 and 2 to other family members? my boy friend had blusters on his penis and now it's painning could this be herpes does genital herpes stay confined to only one area of mans organs,can it be on only scrotum, not spread to penis?  can u get rid of genital herpes by having a tvh? I was diagnosed with herpes in "05 w/ no further outbrks. Can I infect after all this time? Thanks. scab like skin by head of penis how long should it take before you know u been infected with herpes. I have HSV-2. No outbrks in years. New partner. New outbreak. Is this poss. a new primary infection? Or recurrence? is herpes associated with lupus can genital herpes be only one bump? Is herpes complex contagious if it is dormant in a person? herpes if one gets herpes from their partner, how long before it will show up?  a year now the tip of my penis has been raw and raw, doc says i'm good but it hurts after sex inside my penis, herpes? if i have oral herpes, and my partner has genital herpes, can i catch genital herpes I had oral sex on Saturday night. The next night i saw a little pimple looking thing on my lip. Is it herpes? Or any std is there std " herpes" groups or counseling? How will genital herpes affect diabetes type 2 female patients? I recently learned a loved one has HSV-2 (genital herpes). Should I be concerned with interaction with my child? 13 days ago had unprotected sex. 3 days later saw scab on Penis. fell off now its just red but healing. Std or a scab?  Is Trichomoniasis like Herpes? are they the same? How are they different? If I have genital herpes, can I perform oral sex on my partner and not give them the virus? What kind of dr. Can I see for herpes in my eye dermatologist. Infectious disease.gynecologist.  Can genital herpes cause chronic insomnia? What other than a yeast infection could it be if the medicine doesn't work and more symptoms start occuring? can i get a vasectomy if i have genital herpes Can I get a CO2 treatment on my face if I have genital herpes? (One of the questions on their questionnaire). Hi I shaved my genital area andonce it started to grow bback I noticed I had some bumps in the area. herpes outbreak on my lower back My boyfriend lost his wife to cervical cancer two years ago and he was just diagnosed with herpes. Is this possible? Is it possible to have only one outbreak of genitials herpes in ur life time? genital herpes can it spread from drinking from other people drinking cups the result of blood test, herpes1 is+. how can I know it is oral or gentile while I have no symptoms since I remember. can autism some how cause genital herpes or cause you to have a false positive for it. I have a bump that is on the lip of my vagina and it itches, could that be a sign herpes? what is the difference between shingles and herpes? does herpes virus cause itchy skin? Worried about herpes I recently had oral sex with my boyfriend while he had a cold sore. Could I have contracted genital herpes from him? I have herpes but I don't know which kind. I had blisters on my butt cheek. Does this mean that I have type 2 herpes is the herpes virus contages with out any break outs if so how can i prevent spreading it ti my kids If you have the herpes simplex 1 virus in you, is your saliva always infected with it? Being told I have herpes could It be a mistake.? can herpes turn into hiv if not treated properly  having had chlamydia have anything to do with getting herpies later> HSV 2 tested negative 2 yrs ago I am not sexually active in any way is there any posibility it will test positive now can you give someone gential herpes if they drink out of your glass/straw I have genetal herpes . Is there any chemical that will accelerate me to have these more consistently? My partner has genital herpes but has not had outbreak in years, we had unprotected sex does that mean that I have it? is vaginal discharge a symptom of having herpes Can having herpes cause reucrring BV?..Does Smelly odor from BV connect with genital herpes My partner had sex with someone with herpes they had no skin to skin contact but used a strap on could she have it. ? Can you get gential herpes from ejaculation into the vagina My BF used the restroom at a public store and later on I kissed his buttcheek Am I at risk of getting herpes? How likely is it for a male to contract herpes having unprotected sex during a one night stand? Can you clean yourself after having sex with someone that has herpes and not get herpes? I always use protection and I recently was diagnosed with genital herpes is that possible? and how? Is folliculitis a form of herpes type 1 I have genital herpes and was wondering if it can be transferred to my children in a hot tub/ pool/ shower/ bath? I was just recently diagnosed 3 days ago with HSV2.. Me and my boyfriend would like to have kids.. How is that possible? I have what looks to be blisters around my anus could it be herpes? vaginal discharge and herpes-is there a vaginal cream available? can you get oral herpes by kissing someone who has it, if you already have genital herpes? Can my partner perform oral sex on me if I have Herpes Simplex Virus 2 So my friend has herpes and she spit a sunflower seed at me and it landed on a pimple. Does that mean I have the virus? Does the sore always come back in the same place, or can it occur inside the vagina too? Can herpes 2 go unnoticed on an std test?  husband of 19 years has genital herpes . would this lay dormant for that long? Is ther a link between hives and herpes virus? Can you have a herpes outbreak and yest inction at the same time? I have been diagnost with Genital herpes and I was wondering if I give my partner oral sex if it would infect him too? Can I still breastfeed with genital herpes? My Dr.did blood work and it showed a strand of genital herpes and I'm pregnant. What do I need to know or do? Are there any ointments that can speed up the healing process of genitle herpes ex bf just told me he has herpes, can i get tested even tho i have no symtoms?  can you get herpes lesions on your tonsils? Can bacterial vaginosis cause sores or bumps? I get vaginal discharge regularly and I taste off putting, though I keep clean. Is there something that could be wrong? If I have herpes and my husband has herpes too, is there any harm in having unprotected sex since we both have it?   can a cold sore or herpes simplex virus make the area around it puffy? Can I get herpes from sharing a pipe? Does a single pubic sore with white sticky pus rule out herpes? Can the cold sore on my girlfriends lip spread genital herpes if she gives me oral sex? Can a cold sore give me genital herpes?  how much l-lysine should be taken to shorten a herpes out break Can I get genital herpes from HSV-1 (cold sores)? Does l-lysine help with genital herpes? will l-lysine helps someone with genital herpes.  Does shingle vaccine help with herpes? I was diagnosed with herpes is it possible for shingles to appear in vaginal area After first exposure to genital herpes, how soon is first outbreak? What is this on my butt? I kissed a person who gets sml cold sore in her mouth.she did not have when I kissed. does that mean I will have it now? Just found out I have herpes 1. Depressed and suicidal. :( Is there any way out? I have genital herpes, can i get sore on my mouth i have been getting regular checkups; my doctor told me i have genital herpes. she said that i have been infected This is very awkward but.... Is it possible to go undiagnosed for years?  Can herpes cause joint pain When a herpes sore has healed over with no leaking fluids, just light red, is it still very transferable? Is it correct when both people have genital HSV2 you cannot make it worse or pass it to another area of the body? I was diagnos with type 1 genital herpes 3 years ago and now thinks it has reocurred.Will the sores go away on thier own Can having a sonohysterogram introduce herpes to your uterus?  Is there any effective things us can do to relieve pain of herpes outbreak until I can go to doctors (3 days)? can semen pass herpes on the skin surface? can i catch a std from sharing soap If a person can carry herpes and not know it, is it the person whom they had sex with last the one that gave it to them? I am having an outbreak of genital herpes and it is really painful. Is soaking in a sea salt bath helpful? Can genital herpes cause prostate cancer? What is skin to skin contact herpes called and is it treatable and is herpes on hands very noticeable? Can I give oral sex while in the recovery stage of a cold sore? Curious about accuracy of HSV tests. See additional details - would love to have a doctor that specializes answer this. Can you have herpes for 30 yrs, not know it and not pass it to your partner? A month ago I had carpal tunnel surgery. Just diagnosed with herpes virus, type 1. My wrist has been incredibly sore and Can a genital herpes outbreak on upper buttock region be treated with Desoximetasone Cream 0.25% ?  is there a connection to increase in outbreaks and menopause. Is chicken box related to herpes? Both first sexual partners - Herpes? If you have genital herpes and take a bath with someone can they get it?  if I have oral sex with female with inactive genital herpes will I be infected? can herpes be spread by bed bugs I have Herpe's 1 and I had Gential warts. Can I still have unprotected sex if I'm with only one men Can you get an std like HIV/Aids or Genital Herpes from anal sex toys? How do you differentiate between jock itch and herpes is it possible to give yourself genital herpes from rubbing your own spit onto your penis How do I know if I have herpes? genital herpes transmission through mutual masturbation  can an untreated bladder infection cause herpes  Is genital herpes spread through bodily fluids or just skin-to-skin contact? 