What are the possible side effects of Boniva Injection? What are the potential disadvantages of steroid injections? What are the expected benefits of steroid injections? Who should receive the flu vaccine? When should someone get the flu shot? Does anyone know how soon after you have completed chemo that one could get a flu shot? Is there a weight loss injection? Should I get the regular flu shot now or wait till the swine flu shot is available? If you have a cold can you still get the flu shot? I stepped on a nail. Do I need a tetanus shot? I keep getting sinus drainage that leads to a full-blown cold. Why cant I get a shot of penicillin anymore? Should a pregnant woman get the flu shot? Is it true that if I get a flu shot then I will never be able to go without a flu shot for the rest of my life? I had the seasonal flu shot. This past Friday I was diagnosed with H1N1. Why should I get the H1N1 vaccine now?  Is the H1N1 vaccine shot safe for nursing women?  My lips seemed to be thinning as I get older. I don't want injections. Are there other options for me? Can a regular doctor inject fillers, or do I need to see a plastic surgeon or dermatologist? Can a dermal filler fix my bony looking hands? Who does these types of injections? I am over 40 and my feet are killing me. Can I get dermal fillers injected into my feet so I can wear high heels again? What if I'm still skeptical and don't want to take the H1N1 shot this fall? How effective are allergy shots for asthma sufferers? Where is the safest place to inject heparin when you are pregnant?  Im having stomach problems and my face is flushed and hot since getting a cortisone injection. Are these side effects? Are flu shots a problem when taking pilocarpine HCL oral?  How do steroid shots help with fibromyalgia pain? Despite three medications, my son has horrible allergy symptoms. Are allergy drops as effective as shots? Any problems with accidentally taking the flu shot twice at age 69? I read that people get flu shots annually because flu strains change. Do strains of other diseases change? Last year my husband got his H1N1 shot and was very sick for three days. Is it safe to get this year's flu shot? Two days after my flu shot, my arm started aching. Six weeks later, and my arm still hurts. Should I call my doctor? My son got a flu shot and four days later, he got strep throat. Does he need another flu shot? How can I convince a reluctant child to get a flu shot? Xolair shots help my friend's daughter, but insurance won't cover it and they can't afford it. Are there other options? As allergy shots take effect, can I reduce my allergy medications such as Zyrtec? The clinic where my son received a vaccine refused to give me information on the manufacturer. Is that legal? So are [MMR and varicella] recommended as separate injections? Is there a better or different type of flu shot depending on where you live in the country, or are they all the same? If my son had the flu shot last year, is it still good for this year?  My flu shot last week was terribly painful, and now I can barely lift my arm. What is happening? How long does it take for hormonal birth control (pills or injections) to leave your system once you stop using them? Can you buy hormonal birth control (pills or shots) over the counter? My wife is considering surgery for itchy, painful keloid scars, after shots didn't help. Is that the best option?  I had a broken hip, then hip replacement 6/19/12 Still having problems. What can I do now? Are there risks involved with non-spinal injections of the fungus-contaminated steroid causing the meningitis outbreak? Diagnosed with pulmonary embolisms. Felt pressure in my ear. Pop and release of blood from ears. Is this normal? What are the risks or side effects of taking Diltizem and the Octreotide injections simutaneosly would counts go down due to taking injection arixtra My Testosterone level is a 9, yet my doctor did not recommend injections. What is going on...? Wet Macular in one eye. Other eye 20/30. Can covering the macular eye help the non-macular eye vision be more clear? How long does it take for fungal meningitis symptoms to occur? What is the time frame of meningitis symptoms after being injected with tainted steroid? When to eat after insulin injection? Also how much to eat after your insulin injection? Are eye vitamins such as I caps for age related eye disease beneficial? i have been receiving testtoserone injections due to low testosterone, can they cause nodules, lumpiness inside penis? Diagnosis- Hidradenitis Suppurativa- large and painful boils in the groin area. Considering injections. Success rate?  Why would one doctor a neurologist says I have prenicious anemia associated with b-12 deficiency and another says no I have a keloid on my chest but don't know what kind it is and want to get rid of it Is having a bakers cyct reson to have knee replacement? Can a bakers cyct just be removed?a fear? of needles for long as I can remember. I have not had blood draw in 27 years. I can't overcome this fear. Can I get a flu shot if I have an infection, but not taking anitibiotics? My husband is a type 2 diabetic he refuses to take his insulin injections what is the health risk of not taking insulin? I am 55. What % of getting shingles after getting shot (as a side effect) should I worry if an injection site feels hot, red and swollen after 2 days? No period after using the depo shot.. should I be worried? No period AFTER using Depo should I be concerned? Can a Methylprednisolone injection in the spine cause muscle spasms? Is it safe to use Vicodin before going to the dentist Can I take one vicodin prior to a dental appointment involving injection of novocaine and drilling? why can't I get a flu shot if I am allergic to feathers? Is it normal for the side of your face to go numb after having the 2012-2013 flu vaccine? What can be done about it? Chances of being pregnant after having unprotected sex within the 10th-12th week of being on the depo shot? Does a tetanus shot help prevent, or lessen the occurance of cold sores I had a flu shot in October, is it good for the whole flu season. I had a flu shot in October how long is it good for. Had flu shot in Oct2012.Have a fever101+,body aches and tired. Is this the flu even if I had flu shot? What causes high fever, sores on lips and in mouth, general malaise. Patient is 15 years and has been treated 9 days Does bursitis in the elbow cause the arm, hand, and fingers to swell?  can you drink olive oil when pregnant? Can being in severe pain cause sugar glucose levels to rise to higher than normal levels? My 7 month old has diarrhea for 24 hours. When is it time to take her to a doctor? is it a problem that my son is vomiting after getting the flu shot? can i be pregant while on the depo shot. I was due for the depo shot december 21st ..didn't get it and had unprotected sex the next day. am i pregnant? Can you pass on the flu if you have had the flu shot? I have constant rectal pressure and numbess in my legs and feet?? Was skiing and fell on my knee cap. Now 3 days later I just heard a pop and its throbbing and its severe pain! Stray dog licked hand, do I need a shot how soon after exposure to the flu virus do symptoms appear? i had a flu shot in october and still have shoulder and arm pain.what is wrong?  i stoped Depo-Provera after 5 yrs in oct 2012 and still havent started period why? Is it now too late to get a flu shot for my kids? I thought you had to get it a couple months before the season began? Birth control shot making me fat and moody? no period after only having one depo shot  I recievd the flu shot in September. Would it help to get it again? Are there any updates to the current shot? can brown lady bug bites cause you to get an allergy to styrofoam, plastics, and latex (swelling of the eyes only) Im on the Depo now and Im spotting alot.Is it possible to take camrese to stop the bleeding.Im due for next shot Feb 19. On depo. Period symptoms w/o bleeding IF I have already had the flu this season, should I get a flu shot? my father had a heart atack 1 year ago and now has a stent in his heart.now hes very sick can he have a penacillan shot  My daughters got their flu shots today. How long does it take until the flu shot is effective? My 23 yo daughter had flu shot in November but diagnosed w/flu after lab tests at Dr. Is this a different strain ?  My last depo shot was in Sept, when should i have my preiod again? what injury would cause pain in the knee but bruising halfway down calf and below ankle on inner right leg? wife has blood clot in leg and taking shots for this and has leg elavated but still has pain in leg. what else can we do can you take ibuprofen if you got a cortisone shot in your foot? After stopping my depo shot my first cylce was normal but I skipped one and now am spotting every three days? Does getting Flu shots over the years might end up giving you Alzheimer's disease? My son's symptoms started like a cold (runny nose and a slight temp) but now has pus draining from his blood shot eyes. what are side effects after 10 years of using depo shot How long does depo provera withdrawl last? I only took one shot and almost 3 months later I still have side effects how often can you get steroids shots for back pain? I was on the Depo Provera shot for 9 months. I have just had a peroid for 30days. Am I fertile again? I have sinusitis and have complete loss of taste and smell. Already on antibiotic meds. What can I do? My boyfriend suggested the depo shot so we could eliminate condoms. And im worried about side effects. Is it safe? im on the depo shot and i have been on my period for about 6-7 weeks is that normal and its light sometimes  I'm 19 and I live with my best friend who can't have periods, is it possible for me to still have a period? What is the point of B12 shots If a child has had polio vaccine at 2mths, 4mths and 6mths would getting IPV at 18 mths harm the child? Does the flu shot cause Narcolepsy Am I still growing and going through puberty? Is blood shot eyes an indication of a problem after doing exercise? Do you recommend the shingles shot for someone who suffers from severe tinnitus? Will the vaccine aggravate my tinnitus? Is dizziness normal after receiving a cortisone injection? how long does it take to decrease fever after starting antibiotics My daughter (12) stepped on a nail today in our back yard. Last shot 1/04. Would she require another tetanus shot? This is the third time in 3 months that my child has had flu symptoms, she had flu shot. Could it be something else? Are lipotropic B -12 injections safe for weight loss? Can allergy shots affect sexual function? What is causing a knot on the left side of my abdomen, parallel to belly button? How long does it take for a Methylprednisolone injection to take effect? I got it 30 hours ago for an ear infection. Need a vasovagal syncope doctor in Los Angeles ASAP. BY 3/29/13 Am I pregnant or is it just effects after getting of the shot?? Ive been off depo shot for 2 years and I havent gotten pregnant. Could it be from getting the depo shot for so long Ive been on depo for 6 mnths now an after reciving my last shot I got sick What does this mean? Getting MMR before 6 months to travel abroad does smoking meth prevent antibiotics from working One depo shot on Nov. 20, 2012 next shot was due Feb. 20, 2013. Have not had a period since January. is shingles a single blister or a rash?  Is "spotting" considered "menstruation"? I stop taking the depo shot three months ago I've been having unprotected sex can I still get pregnant??? I have strep throat, but when I put anything in my mouth, even water, it burns. Is that normal with strep? I have a bump on my nose that has been there since Sep. I saw the dermatologist and he scraped it. Now it is bigger. Can you take Tylenol and Benedryl together?  how long is a tetanus shot good for? I had a Dtap in 2011 and i stepped on a nail today. Do i need to get a tetanus shot? Can a strep throat that was trated with antibiotics cause joint pain and swelling? How painful is a shoulder cortisone injection? why would a doctor induce a coma in a stage four lung cancer patient how long does it take for depo-provera to take full effect? 17yr missed period in April,spotted in March nothing in June. Pregnacy test negative. on depo shot last year. are shingles contagious my husband is 26 and has low test, if he can still get hard, should he be having a decrease in sex drive? i'm hearing no I had a cortisone injection in my shoulder 7 days ago. How long before I know if it works.  brown spotting only on depo for 2weeks, had sex 3days after the shot can i get pregnant? 10 yr. old son--blood-shot eye (right eye on outside) for almost 3 weeks. No other issues. Is it time to see the doctor? My birth control has made me depressed. How do I reverse that, if at all, without discontinuing use? Pain when my BF enters me then bleeding, hurts in the anterior part of my vagina close to the entrance like a pinch If I was just diagnosed with High Risk HPV with mild a-typical cells, would it be pointless to get the Gardisal shot? If I was just diagnosed with High Risk HPV with mild a-typical cells, would it be pointless to get the Gardisal shot? can a human take iron dextran injections that is given to baby pigs If I had the chickenpox shot, is there a spot ot raised mark on the arm that I can tell that had the chickenpox shot. if you never smoked or injected cocaine how does it show positive in your system when taking a test. sinusitis - I have had chronic sinus pain in my face and ears daily for 4 years - what else can I do? Concerned about CAT scan and the injection of dye I recieved a teanus shot in my left shoulder 30 days ago and it still makes my whole arm numb. Did they hit a nerve? I had blood work done for my Thyroid that came back normal but an US showed nodues on my thyroid how is this possiable? Possible TDAP allergic reaction? hives? I scraped my leg on a rusty part of a fence and haven't had a tetanus shot in over 10 years, should I get the shot? Depo Provera Shot? how soon does depo prevara protect? had first shot june 24th within 5 days of last period? I had a tetanus shot 4 days ago and now have chest pain and irritability. Should I be concerned? My wife is getting pain and pressure in her chest which moves to her jaw and down her right arm. Is it Asthma? i can't open my mouth verry wide without it poping and sometimes it get stuck open I have been taking depo shot but i have been having unprotected sex can i still get pregnant while on depo shot I have been taking depo shot but i have been having unprotected sex can i still get pregnant while on depo shot tingling all over sometimes loose 10sec of memory and wet self know nothing of it till after it happens.  I got $805 bill (Cigna PPO insurance paid nothing) for epidural injection for l5-s1 disc herniation. Is it normal cost? Do stitches need to stay in longer if a cut gets infected? I got injected anesthetic for a dental filling. I was shaking and my heartrate increased. Is that an allergic reaction? I was on the Depo-Provera shot for 5 to 6 years and been off the shot for over a year and a half. still no period. I've been using Depo-provera shot for10 yrs , been off the shot for 1year.my periods are irreglar,cn i get pgt at39? Why am I gaining weight after getting off the depo shot?  If i had a tetanus shot 2 to 3 years ago will it hurt me to get a tdap shot now? Im on the depo shot and iv been spotting almost every day for the last 3 months what could be wrong ? treatment for household cleaning product allergies What are the physiological effects of drinking one glass of alcohol.  5/15/13 endometriosis surgery, 7/5/13 lupron inj., severe cramping 8 days, horrible pain, never started period, normal? I just had a shot of coritzone for my dermatitis on my hands. Had the shot one week ago.  does milk counter react with the depo shot? can i stop after the first shot of gardaisil .. is it ok.. will their be any side effects if i din t take them all.. Is there a difference between depo provera and depo subq provera 104 in terms of how quickly it works if taken midcycle? can testosterone injections increase the risk of liver cancer? Got the depo provera shot may 8,still no period not prego,spotting,dischange brown color, I don't know what to think. Will testosterone injections reduce sperm count? Kenalog injetions DURING facelift to preemt scaring. Won't hold stitchs.  how many doses of recephin are safe for child Why do i NOW have a lack of sensitivity in my penis. It isn't numb but takes a longer time to achieve orgasm? is plaque related to erectile dysfunction can i take the pill and depo provera at the same time for 11 weeks as my first and only shot of depo has intefered can a breastfeed mother can feed her son when she is bitten by a dog ?? Progesterone injects, 34 wks,baby not moving as much, water still intact, hot flashes,no sleep, do I call my doc? What is NSF? had a pulmanary embolism on coumadin now taking enoxaparin injections twicce a day. how long can i take this.  can testosterone injections cause mood swings FOr How many months is the acceptable serum creatinine result ? Can getting an injection of an antibiotic, vs. taking it orally, still result in a vaginal yeast infection? What happens if I had an air bubble in insulin i injected? where can buy real HCG injecting? how to give insulin injection, and how do you determine how much insulin to give. Difference between Testosterone and Depo-Testosterone? Can I inject Pavaverine (like used in erectile dysfunction) into a clitoris and get the same stimulation results? When stopping GABAPENTIN is it necessary to taper off?  How is an infection of the hip bursa detected ? At what point should you be tested for it ? Does TT injection needs to be taken once every 6 months or after sustaining cuts with a sharp object? Where and how do I give myself a subcutaneous shot? It's Prolia. Do testosterone boosters really work? How soon does botox injections relieve pain what are the alternitive treatments if spinal injections do not help with a herniated disc i'VE STARTED TAKEING INSULIN INJECTIONS AND MY GLUCOSE LEVELS ARE HIGHER NOW THEN BEFORE I STARTED TAKING INSULIN. Why? Thank you... Foreign objects injected into bloodstream  can fentanyl be used for weight loss Is there only certain amount of time that you can be on testosterone injection therapy? how often do you need a TB shot When female is taking testosterone (inject) 2 bcom male, do the fluids shared by her female partner contain testosterone I have had 5 once a week injections of methotrexate 1ml could this be why my hair is falling out?  do testosterone injections cause weight gain iatrgenic cush. synd.pred.5mgfor 4mos.now 4mg.what is the recomm.time between reducing dosage to wean off? I'm on the depo shot but missed my shot 11days ago can I still get my shot and be ok? Vaseline, toxic if Injested by humans or animals? When should you start taking B-12 Injections? Just finished tetosterone therapy, injections. 67 years old. lot of news about heart and stroke problems. Concern? Can epidural cause persistent back pain Is the contraception i was on preventing me from getting pregnant??? Is losing weight common while on on the depo provera shot? testosterone vs human growth hormone? how can i bleed less when i get off the shot  How safe is Botox cosmetic? Do Testosterone injections increase your PSA level ? Could the tetnus shot change te color of your urine Does injected insulin cause burning and itching all over body especially legs and hips and what can be done about it? Is it possible to take Oral steroids and steroid injection together Is Lumbar Epidural Steroid Injections safe if you have diverticulitis? Need to know before Monday (5/26) night! I am unable to find the HCG shots to add to my medication list. How it is listed in the database of meds? what would happen is pneumona vac was injection into your arm, when it should have been a ppd test? Depo stopped 5 months ago. Cycle returned for 2 months. Then missed 2 months. Pregnancy test negative. Confused. How safe is a 2nd steroid injection 1 month later for IT band syndrome?  What is an Occipital nerve block? Depo-Medrol injection in hand side effects. in what circumstance do i skip a issilin shot Free dissertation draft writing service is helpful to know service work quality  I got a UTI and the doctor injected me with antibiotics, what is the name of those antibiotics? Can Natural Sarapin injections be used to treat back pain caused as a result of scoliosis? how often can a person have a CT myelogram? I am 48 and take depo provera and I have no periods. How will i know if i am going through menopause? Can Testosterone injections cause anxiety Can Corticosteroid Injections into Shoulder / joints for pain cause heavy and long bleeding cycle for menstural cycle? Does Federal BCBS cover penil implant surgery? does penicillian effect the depo shot I have always had normal BP, since I got my Flu shot 3 days ago, my BP has been 150/95. Can the Flu vaccine increase BP? i stop taking the shots on sept 30 Should I have unprotected sex with someone that just received a hepititis shot, if I am immune and she has an IUD. Ive been on Xolair for 7years. I can't get it anymore what is going to happen? does exercise shorten the the length of time a testosterone injection is effective.  I'm 50 years old and in fairly good health. Should I have a pneumonia shot every year? 