How does liver damage occur in hepatitis C infection? I take Excedrin for aches and pains. I average three tablets a day. Is that a safe or can the amount cause liver damage? Im type 1 diabetic. Is there any damage to myself if I take ginkgo biloba? I am losing eyelashes when I wear waterproof mascara. What can I use to clean my face that won't damage my eyelashes? I did a lot of tanning when I was younger, now I know better, but can I reverse any of the earlier damage? How can you get rid of sun damage on your dcolletage? I have a lot of sun damage on my neck. Would it be better to do a chemical peel or laser resurfacing? Will hot baths permanently damage sperm? I tore my ACL and can still walk on it, but I have been told it's a minor injury. What does this mean? How is a damaged earlobe, that had been pierced, repaired? What are the different kinds of ankle injuries? Are there different symptoms for different ankle injuries? What should you do after an ankle injury? How does tissue damage cause pain? Can iron supplements cause damage to teeth and discolor dentures?  I have a porcelain veneer, bridgework, and one crown. Can they be damaged by over-the-counter whitening products? If a person keeps a catheter in for more than two months, will the bladder will be permanantly damaged?  Can type 2 diabetes cause brain damage to teens? I read that brushing too hard is bad. Over the past 2 months, my teeth have become rather yellow. Is this tooth damage? Can you tell me whether environmental facial damage can be repaired without doing laser treatments?  Can taking ramipril and Avalide damage my kidneys?  How can you get rid of sun damage on your dcolletage?  I have a lot of sun damage on my neck. Would it be better to do a chemical peel or laser resurfacing? Will wearing a kneebrace for physical activities after an ACL replacement actually prevent further injury? Can a compression stocking be used to support the ankle after injury? Rotator Cuff Injury My ACL is detached from its femoral attachment. Lateral Miniscle is torn - Grade 3. Would you suggest surgery or rest ? can an injury to foot cause dvt in thigh didn't addresssed head injury right away diagnosed with swelling in the brain treatment with Temadol and chemotherapy. I have been having very sharp,stabbing pains down through the top rt/rear of my head.The pain almost knocks me down. what would be average weight for a 55yearold woman to lift Weird bump on skin that changed from pink to brown and developed a sore, it is firm and not painful..what could it be? For a neck injury involving broken vertebre, what is the best way to heal? Medication?  knee cap pain Will a nail grow back if it came out completely due to an injury?  what is a c-spine injury and do i need surgery to correct it? What are these strange lines on my left shin? Started appearing about 9 months ago and are not scars or pressure marks. How do I know when a head injury is bad enough to see a doctor? I am very concerned. I noticed today my urine if very dark and red or brown, maybe blood.  I have a tingling sensation on the side of my face going toward my ear, and lasting up to a few minutes. What is this?  Daughter diagnosed w/ mono 19 day ago. ONLY symptons ab pain / swollen glands. NO fatigue. How long b4 return to sports? can leg injury cause dvt?  I have had excrutiating pain in my upper right arm for over six months.Xrays and CT show nothing.What could it be? 11/20/12, 3:34pm, NYC...My question is about CSF leaking from the nose. What exactly is the cause and cure? Hi my husband has a lump on his head that has been there for 2 weeks and now has a lump under his armpit I have hurt my inner knee before playing football a 2-3 years ago. Now im feeling the same pains again what should i do? My child sustained a paretial skull fracture but I don't know when it happened. What can tell me how long ago it happen? Why am I unable to have an orgasam after enjoying complete orgasams previously? How can I reduce the pain in my hips from an old injury? I am wasting away.. My doctor asks me to get a tetanus vaccine upon an injury when I am doubtful of acquiring tetanus.  i have not taken any benzos for 2weeks or more yet still showes in system. WHY? recently developed some breathing issues and have a soreness of lungsany possibilities My 11 month old granddaughter hit her mouth on a table and has some bleeding. What should I do? She has 2 lower teeth. I was beaten on christmas. I have been experiencing pain in the lower right side of my back when applying pressure on it Is self-injury a medical emergency that i HAVE to tell someone about or is it not a big deal? (i am 15 years old) drop piece of firewood top part of foot,bruised,swell within 2mins top part of my foot with the bruises it has red spots I have pain in my shoulder joint.Most when my arm is fully extended. No injury to note. what would cause this? What exercises can I do 5 months after an L3 burst fracture? formation of hard skin after injuri. Big toe pain?  I cant lift my left foot Strained QL? Tinglyness, Bothersome to mild pain, really bothersome in mornings, goes away after i take Motrin. HELP! overnight oxygen sat rate 78 for up to 4 minutes at a time? Dr. has me using oxygen at night. What does this mean? In October 2012, I hurt my neck. In November I re-injured the area and also began experiencing numbness in my shoulder.  what can be done for a 78 year old that has paper thin skin that bruises, injures, cuts, bleeds etc; very easily.  Can tailbone pain be cause by stress? what do you take for pain when you got a traumatic brain injury Ive had 2 prior knee surgeries to replace/ repair an ACL injury. I now have constant pain in my knee, how do I stop this Can you have both Fibromyalgia and RSD? I injured my wrist yesterday and while it is in a splint, my wrist still hurts and I have a shooting pain up my arm.  Ive been on depo for 6 mnths now an after reciving my last shot I got sick What does this mean? In 2007 I got stress fractures on both knees. Is it normal to still have severe pain after that many years? 4 years ago I twisted my ankle when hiking . I heard a snap but didn't go to dr. Now it is hurting again. Not swollen. Left shoulder injury, Painful when rotated, raised and lowered, basically used. What is it likily ro be? i feel like someone punched me in my left back rib and sometimes moves to front rib with fluttering. i have no insurance How long do kidney stones stay in the kidney? Can a head injury cause someone to have a short temper? Physical therapy exercises for a rotator cuff injury What causes pain when you lower your arm after raising it? Should I get my lower back looked at if I injured it 4 years ago? i stepped on a rusty nail 6/16/2013. i had a tetanus booster in 2008 after an injury. do i need to get another one now? what do you do for a lower abdominal muscle strain? Are thre any vitamin supplements one can take after a long period of being on painkillers for a back injury? can a head injury cause autism? what can be done for a tailbone injury? Short term prednisone use and alcohol consumption Strong impact on elbow. Swelling after 4 days. Seems to be a "dent" in bone on elbow that is source of stinging pain. is lack of potassium give a person back muscle spasms? its a very sharp pain, the middle of back. I did not injure it. Got a scar years ago that grew beyond injury. Are there treatments to remove it? My mother had a stroke, so I cannot take the birth control pill. Is the implant still an option?  my two year old got thit in the forehead with baseball bat.he was concious.it started to swell and had a small cut Foods to avoid after gull bladder and appendix removal? I have a bruised bone from a car accident I was in more than 10 years ago. How long-term are these injuries typically? i play softball and i stretch before every game i throw righty and have pain from my shoulder down to elbow what is this I have a small, soft "lump" on the inside of my cheek.. close to molars and same color as my skin. Should I worry? finger injury does blood sugar temprarily elevate with traumatic shock? My left index finger (injured a year ago while weeding) turns white every time I get chilled or handle cold items...why? I was hit very hard accross the face and nose and I am now spitting up blood clots, have a deep cut on side with pain Penis was straight, now abruptly bent - spontaneously occurred. Can you drink alcohol if you have an acute kidney injury?  finger injury Diagnosed with Patella Tendenitis and Physical Therapy for 2 weeks plus steriods, but it's just getting worse. Could it be toenail fungus or just brittle? How severe is his concussion? I have been having a sharp pain in the top of my right shoulder for a few days. No injury. Hurts real bad when I breathe How much biotin should I take to loose weight? How can I tell whether I have bruised my tibia or have a hairline fracture (minus an x-ray)? had an injury to big toe 5 months ago, it is not better still burised, painful and hard to move. What is wrong Is it ok to keep taking Benadril with a sedative to sleep at night? I had foot surgery 3 years ago and recently the same region of the foot that was operated on is hurting. Severe pain in my calf that is only relieved by bending my ankle/foot upwards - should I be concerned? Dull throbing pain in testicles, off and on but getting worse. Possiinly related to racquetball injury months ago. Why does my bulging disc at T12/L1 only sometimes cause a problem, as far as walking and standing is concerned? Do you think its fair for some athletes to play though their injury/ies while undergoing conservative treatment/s, while FOr How many months is the acceptable serum creatinine result ? about my condition small bruise on side of finger next to cuticle has been there 4yrs started bleeding wont heal. male 20 y.o. I have rocks and dirt in my knee. It's starting to affect my life. What can be done about it? Toe pain. 2 toes, big toe and the next. Burn throb. Ache pricks no sleep like broken not swelling, don't recall injury. Can a groin injury cause erectile dysfunction? What type of injuries to the shoulder will an X-ray show?  I'm in my late 50's and have implants. My right breast hurts when touched in one spot. should I be worried? Should I pester my Dr. about my ongoing symptoms from a head trauma I had 3 mos ago?  I walked into a low hanging wall and bumped my head and now have some internal bleeding coming from the inside of my ear I think my tinnitus caused by lots of ibuprophen I was taking after an injury. Have stopped med, when will ringing stop? should I use ice or heat for rotator cuff injury Why am I getting neck and head pain? I injured both in Sept. but I got cleared since then. Why is my pain coming back? Is Workers Compensation weekly checks considered 2014 income? Sudden onset of pain, swelling and bruising in a knuckle on my hand. Tender to the touch. No injury; Some joint pain. Would injuries suffered in an accident be considered a pre-existing condition if I did not have health insurance? the area above my dads right ankle is swollen and red and he says its causing him sharp pain in that exact location i do have a sprained ankle (845.00) what dose that mean? Is it normal to have pain and bleeding from a concussion injury 2 years old? Is mixing tegretol and neurontin safe and or effective? I Have A Spine Injuiry But I Can't Feel Anything From My Waist Down But Blood Is Still Circulating,Is That A Good Sign ? Can Varicose Veins be caused by an injury also? Is it normal to still have leg swelling almost a year after an injury? Can a Vaginal Yeast Infection irritate the area around the urethra? My knees feel hot to the touch. There has been no pain, swelling, surgery or injuries. My body temp is normal. I take a nightly low-dose aspirin. Recently had injury and at times have pain. Can I still take advil and when?  can a herniated disc also cause erection problems.  Crisis dentist? Is it possible for TIA's to cause a permanent brain injury? Could a closed head injury cause early onset dimentia years after the injury? posterior cruciate ligament injury I have a recurring abrasion on my leg with ongoing abcess beneath. I travel in Asia, and swim often in the Pacific. blood vessel on scrotom started bleeding during the night Can I take Amoxicillin to cure UTI? As you stated earlier to a female in her sixties, I also fell 7 months almost 8 months go at works and the doctors have  My boyfriend fell on his hip and injured himself pretty badly and now when he coughs, it causes him a lot of pain.  I asked a question and did not get an answer fitting question. every time i do lunges, i get groin/leg injury in my thigh. should i get MRI Why would I have bruises in my crack How long does ice help for swelling what to expect after rotator cuff surgery Does ACL tear cause pain in lower leg and feet? Does Blitz pre-workout supplement contain enough caffeine to be fatal or cause injury to the person? caught my foot no pain a few days later i did is it possible to get a injury without immediate signs Im told no Can patellar tendonitis cause restless leg syndrome? I feel that my ankle hasn't healed after going through a type 3 sprain and tendonitis for A YEAR. can't get help for herniated? Trauma brain injury Ankle injury has resulted in lump on ankle, what treatment options would i have at home within what period of time can you develope Carpal Tunnel? Does this accure over the years or maybe just within hours? Does pain in the middle right side of back when I turn certain ways indicate a fractured rib? If not, what else?  what is soft tissue lesion in regards to an injury What foot injuries can cause bunions? Age 66 right shoulder pain and ratcheting, night pain, had accidents long ago, swimming fast to age 50, sleep on right I bruise very easly what kind of supplements could I take to help prevent brusing? I'm an eighteen year old female who was recentently in a car wreck with some spinal injury. I can no longer feel pain. rotator cuff injury with broken shoulder, is it possible? I cut my finger on rusty screw. Its been 14 yrs since Tenanus shot. I now have pain in wrist and swelling.will bos prev? I am worried I injured myself internally while masturbating with a brush if poked a hole in my bladder how would I know why is my big toe numb I have a stretched muscle in my right shoulder blade. What exercises are best in shrinking this muscle back in shape? To make stronger physique and body muscles? I injured my foot a year ago by landing on it backwards from a flip. Hasn't healed yet but no bone break. Will it heal? I have 8 inch penis. Girls moan in pain, have gotten injured in sex.. i don't have a monster pornstar cock! HELP Hit back (3/4 down) on a thin, hard circuit card protruding from shelf. Not sure if I hit my spine. Should I be worried? Sudden onset of pain, swelling and bruising in a knuckle on my hand. Tender to the touch. No injury; Some joint pain. can an injury to finger cause trigger finger 