Does insurance cover the cost of dentures? Does insurance cover the cost of dental implants? Is liposuction covered by insurance? Why has my insurance stopped covering Prevacid? I have two spider bites on my arm, possibly from a brown recluse. I have no health insurance. What should I do?  I have a sinus infection, poison ivy and no insurance. A friend gave me a sulfameth/TMP DS prescription. Will this help? My husbands insurance does not cover diethylstilbestrol, recommended for his prostate cancer. Will Medicare cover it? My health insurance no longer covers my prescription for Allegra-D. Is there an over the counter option that works? Is there a supplement that will work like penicillin for a tooth problem? I am unemployed and do not have insurance. I need to find generics to treat my asthma and high blood pressure. I have Medicare Advantage insurance. What can I try? Is there an OTC medication to help get my blood sugar down? I lost my insurance. I know I can keep it down with diet. My 8-year-old son currently takes 10 mg Metadate CD. Our insurance suggested we switch to Focalin XR. Is this a generic? I have moles and freckles, and worry about getting skin cancer. Should I see a doctor? I don't have health insurance. I have bad acne and am going to try Accutane. I don't have health insurance. Is there any way to get it cheaper? The skin around my tattoo really itches. Am I allergic to the ink? Should I see a doctor? I don't have health insurance. I am going through some major issues and dont have insurance to see a psychologist. Should I try pastoral counseling? My husband has been taking Janumet for over a year. Our insurance wants him to take cheaper medicine. Any suggestions? I have dental insurance, but its not great. How can I fix my teeth and manage to pay my bill?  Xolair shots help my friend's daughter, but insurance won't cover it and they can't afford it. Are there other options? Will I be fined for failing to buy health insurance? I am 53 and make $12,000 a year. How do I sort through all the different health insurance plans to find the one best for me? I was prescribed Adderall XR and Nexium. I don't have insurance. Is there a program that will help pay for the scripts? Does Ortho-Cyclen have a generic form? It is too expensive under my new insurance. My dermatologist recommended laser resurfacing, which is not covered by insurance. What can I do for my face & neck?  How much do fillers cost for eye puffiness? Does insurance cover it? If not, what other treatments do you recommend?  How can I save money on my health insurance? What's the best way to get answers to my questions from my insurance company? My doctor sends me additional bills, even though insurance paid what it agreed to on my bill. Why can they do that?  I am unemployed and cant get insurance. I have social anxiety, GAD and depression. How can I get help I can't afford? I have a pre-existing condition and can't buy health insurance. Is there any other option? What are your legal obligations to pay your doctor for treatment, above and beyond what your insurance will pay? How Do I Appeal a Denied Health Insurance Claim? I have no insurance. Can I still get free screenings for pap smears and mammograms? Are there health insurance plans available for college-age students? How do I find insurance that will cover pre-existing conditions, after losing employer health coverage? What resources are available for treating drug addiction if you dont have insurance?  Is it possible for part-time employees to get health insurance? When am I entitled to appeal my insurance company over a denial of care?  What are Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plans (PCIP)?  Do I have to meet the family deductible before my health insurance starts paying anything? Is it possible for spinal stenosis to cause vertigo or dizziness? Is there any signs i should be looking for with a bump in my "buttcrack"? what is the best option when you have a tooth abcess and you have no insurace? And by that i mean home remidies New pain, never had before. Im having upper back pain while eating. This is day two and have no insurance. What do I do? I currently have severe pain in the right side of my pelvic area and I am dizzy. I have constant diarrhea almost every day, I have bowl movements 30 min after eating and cannot pass a solid bowel. I was due to get my depo shot in mid August but due to insurance issues I couldn't.  Why is my right eyeball twitching? what can I expect after stopping Lexapro and Adderall for BiPolar cold turkey after 15 yrs I have a constant heart burn and I feel like I have a softball stuck in throat. What is wrong? I am a female age42 my blood pressure is always around 104/40 and my heart rate is around 81 is there any financial help for fertility treatment out there? A dog hair has gotten stuck in between my fingers. There is a large bubble and my hand hurts bad. What to do? My daughter has a lump on the right side of her neck. It feels hard and is tender. Took a punch to my lower right chest. No external bruising, but still painful over a week later. For why?! :-( Will a general practice MD help with my mental heath diagnosis? I have anxiety disorder but my insurance isn't great. Lost 50lbs since 4/12 injured my back and had surgery in 9/12 and probably again in 12/12. How do I keep the weight off? Everytime I write my index finger sticks out, I can not control it and it won't relax until I'm done writing. What causes falling in elderly? I have no insurance where can I get help with my Adult ADD? Is there anyway insurance would cover some kind of breast augmentation for rashes under the breast?  I had a twisted ovary removed when i was 16, what are the chances of it happening again? I am bleeding a week after my period ended, what is wrong? My last CBC showed my levels were very low-Anemia- and cant stay awake. Should i seek immediate medical care? sharp pain in my rotator cuff what does that mean? really irregular period lasting 12days first was light and past days has been brownish  cough, chest at neck hurts breathing in, stuffy runny nose, sorethroat, temp>100 on 3rd week, no insurance do i need er Can back injury make my muscles sore? how to pay for medical procedures if i am a foreigner without insurance How fast can arthritis develope in a broken foot. where can i get the cheapest morning after pill since i don't have insurance? I have skin attached to the head of my penis, making putting on condoms difficult (and retraction). How do I fix this? Can I still brush my teeth, after tearing my frenulum Linguae? need a anti itch medication for eczema I have slight ear pain in my left ear with 2 swollen glands that are tender under my jaw should i be worried? how can i formally request my medical records from my old doctor to my new doctor? How long does it take to heal a tibia plateau fracture with minimal depression? How long to wear knee immobilizer? 2 weeks late period, pregnancy symptoms, negative test, now lump has appeared?? PLEASE HELP NO INSURANCE TO GO TO DOC :( How much does it cost to get a simple physical exam? I was checking my husband's testicles and I felt a peanut size lump above his left testicle not sure if we should worry? overnight oxygen sat rate 78 for up to 4 minutes at a time? Dr. has me using oxygen at night. What does this mean? i was 369 n 2months later 300 n doc said is because i now have overactive thyriod. will i keep losing weight? Generic Lipitor is not working at all but brand Lipitor did. What to do? How long does a sore throat last?  Is it possible for an insurance company to cover a medication to treat something other than the initial use? will strep throat go away without medication? I have a papercut feeling on the outside upper part of my vagina. it also itches. what is it I live in Connecticut and I want to get pregnant, but I am on a private insurance plan that wont cover it. Any ideas? how do i find a internal medicine doctor in Cape Coral, FL What is the cause of this vaginal itch, how should I treat it?  Does Lamictal XR with an antidepressent assist in the treatment of severe depression .No seizures or and not bi-polar? I DON'T HAVE ANY MEDICAL INSURANCE. IS THERE A CHEAP QUICK TEST THAT I CAN TAKE TO DETERMINE IF THIS IS MY PROBLEM? my husband has a large growth on his upper thigh. it is growing and is red around it. 4 years ago I twisted my ankle when hiking . I heard a snap but didn't go to dr. Now it is hurting again. Not swollen. i feel like someone punched me in my left back rib and sometimes moves to front rib with fluttering. i have no insurance My doctors office sent my HIV rx to two different pharmacies. I would like to fill both, will my insurance pay for both? I have an itchy, tingly, crawling sensation on my back at my right shoulder blade for months what is it? i have had a swollen gland in my neck[under jaw]now the otherside is swollen.i have no ins.will er be best option or ent Ok so i have strep throat, and i have a full perscription of non expired ciprofloxacin can i use that to treat strep? I think I am pregnant, but don't have insurance and I am keeping the baby. What do I do? My insurance was cancelled, due to not able to pay and I now own the insurance co $2000. Is there anyway to reduce this I've been having pain in my right side for almost a year now, it causes a lot of pain. I'm 21 I've been having intense pain in my right side for almost a year now..  can a human take iron dextran injections that is given to baby pigs Not sure if my foot is broken or sprained. It hurts pretty severly on the outside edge of my foot just below the ankle.  can I treat candidiasis with amoxicillian? I'm a Male, 21. Every morning I wake up to vomit, and after every meal I have the urge to vomit. What could it be? I have extremely untollerable pain, that gets worse (for years), with each menses. Any ideas why? Getting unbearable. :( rolled ankle, swelling went down, it is still very painful, have a soft lump on the top of foot, cant walk after rest,  My 2yr old has hard white/skin colored bumps on his chest arm leg groin area  how do i get help if no one will help me, i have no insurance and im always in debt, i have really bad stress issues. Is it ever possible for one's liposuction to be declared medically necessary? I have lower back pain that has been going on for 4 months, what can my doctor do to find out what is wrong? does Obamacare cover dependents up to age 26 under my dental plan? Inside vagina feels swollen and painful to insert tampon. There's no discharge, no smell. I got $805 bill (Cigna PPO insurance paid nothing) for epidural injection for l5-s1 disc herniation. Is it normal cost? Do stitches need to stay in longer if a cut gets infected? How will I know if my boss gets rid of company insurance because of the Affordable Care Act? How do I stop snorting Subutex? I do not have insurance right now so is there any over the counter treatment I can use for a genital herpe outbreak? Spider bite on the ankle has become infected, deep red, hot to the touch. What wound care is recommended? My endocrinologist says my calcium is too low. My urologist says my calcium is too high. What am I to do? I was giving Soma 250 mg by a doctor my insurance will not cover my refill.My sister was giving 350 mg can I take those? If my perideum is ripped will it burn to pee? Is it possible to become pregnant if he doesn't ejaculate inside of you? boil After surgery I am still bloated (pressure) acid reflux and now constipation, what gives? i have had back pain for over a month it hurts to cough and i cant even lift my one year old son up one step  My PCP and Ortho requests weight loss sugery, will this new insurance cover this?  I think I need medication to quit drinking,I'm worried,and what if I don't have insurace? Are there programs to help me? Will the ACA affect LONG-TERM CARE insurance coverage for pre-existing conditions such as dementia? I'm on COBRA Period every 2 weeks?? I have copper IUD (Paragard). I am 27 years old. it matters, I am in the BMI scale of obese. My fiances neck is swollen on the left and sore to the touch. Extreme sore throat and pain. What could it be? i have a lump in my right breast that keeps disappearing and reapearing WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU RUN OUT OF YOUR ANTIDEPRESSANT? I have Medicare. It's the only insurance I have. Can I keep the Medicare? Will I have to buy an insurance plan anyway? Can I continue paying Medicare and Supplemental Insurance while living in Canada The co-pay required by my insurance company makes using Androgel cost-prohibited. Are there any suitable replacements? Chiropractor trying to take me for a ride? I have Strabismus and was wondering if L.A Care can pay for my eye surgery? How much would it cost for me to get ingrown toenails removed from both big toes, if I have anthem blue cross insurance? Is VA Insurance affected? where can i get a cortizone shot with no health insurance? I am a retired 71 male and I am a US resident since 01/01/11. I do not have insurance. What I should do? I would like to change my Kaiser health plan, but I do not know what is available and where to find? Bleeding out the Anus even when just peeing. Medium to heavy bleeding. Should I go to the hospital. finger injury  am a state of illin retired , and I have Blue cross HMO insurance, and Medicare, which is best to make primary????? What test are done in a physical? Do they do drug screens? I'm on medicare, can I also purchase one of the exchanges for additional insurance? I am low income, do I get penalized because I don't qualify for medicaid and cannot afford to buy insurance. I need it. I have frequent doctor's appointments and am on several medications. Where can I get affordable health care until 2014? I work, have no insurance, have 2 college students,1 gets SSDI, 1 is in another state, whats my best insurance option? cost suboxone insurance I am a 57 yo female. I have zero income due to a job lay off. I live in Georgia. HOW do I find insurance ? My husband is on medicare. Are the premiums based on both our incomes? My income is too low to qualify for the exchanges, but NY says my retirement savings disqualify me for Medicaid. How can you determine a high Ferritin Serum level other than a blood test or liver biopsy? I have no insurance. Does any insurance cover Cialis, how about Canadian pharmacies do you know of reputable ones? Does the new insurance cover psychotherapy and diagnosis for Asperger's syndrome? Is cialis covered by any insurance? How reliable are Canadian pharmarcys? I am 72, have no Medicare, am I eligible for insurance under the AHC?  Would AFib affect insurance coverage or ObamaCare? i have had the dame iud for 12 years, it was only suposed to be in 10 yrs, is this dangorous to my body? ricks? smelly black tar looking feces, for 3 days now I will be getting Medicare June 2014, will I be taxed for the 6 months I do not have insurance? I am retired and on Medicare but have a dependent adult (over 26) son who lives with me and has no insurance.. have insurance companies stopped paying for b12 shots if you are not enimic Why is the ObamaCare named "affordable" when my insurance went from $375 to almost $900/month? I am leaving a job that offers insurance. How do i figure out what NY healthcare exchange options i will have? Is the Moyamoya disease covered by the affordable care act? I am a single mother with one son..making less than $20,000. do I have to get insurance? Are we considered a FAMILY?  retired couple, one on medicare, spouse without medical insurance Changing jobs. No insurance for 90days. do i have to purchase this until insurance is available? College student dental insurance help. I have healtcare thru my husbands work Will I be able to shop for cheaper insurance thu Obamacare? I have Endo and I.C. I had a Hysterectomy 12 years ago I'm in alot of pain to the point of tears Why did the Podiatrist give me a full leg air cast for mild turf toe? I am 57 f, divorced. Had healthy ny that was 330 mo last yr. now I read alimony is factored into your income? Right now I have no insurance, and patient assistance pays for my 388.00 a month medication. questionaire asks: how much income? Does this pertain to the individual wanting insurance, or is this for the household My pharmacy changed my birth control for some unknown reason, should I contact my doctor? I have been having heart palpitations and fluttering for 2 days what could this be. very uncomfortable If my company offers insurance, can i enroll in the affordable care act so that it is more affordable? Does my 18 year old daughter have to take the insurance her employer offered her. She just became a full time employee. At age 65 does primary insurance switch to Medicare? Can my new employer deny me inclusion/coverage in company insurance program to a pre existing condition ? what is the procedure to remove a cyst from your wrist I'm unemployed and uninsuranced, will i be able to get medical insurance under the new plan while i'm looking for a job. I am a Member of AARP, but have not received any benefit so far. Where should I get the insurance for my son who is going to college in another state? My workplace is offering us junk insurance, will that offer keep me from getting subsidies on the exchange? Are there any MediGap insurance plans in NYC that cover pre-existing conditions with no 6-month waiting period? My implanon is expired by 3 months having irregular bleeding and sore breast. Can I become pregnant if its expired? is Philippine Prudential Insurance will include to cancel? Which one would be cheaper? Private Insurance plan or Marketplace Insurance plan.Please advice me. What is the professional title for a bladder surgeon? How do I get diagnosed with HFA without using my parents' insurance? I use their plan and they do not want a diagnosis. i have RAD ADHD and Bipolar disorder, i have no insurance and i need help I am a recepient of SSDI as of 5/2013, what can I do if my husband and I do not have enough money to buy any insurance? I am eligible for Medicare on Feb. 1. Can my company deduct for health insurance that I will never use? I live in Georgia. I am my 93 y/o father's caregiver. If he claims me as a dependent, am I required to get insurance? Do undocumented qualify for the insurance? If also unemployed? What will happen in emergency if they don't have one ? Will the affordable care act require an insurance company to cover a dependent's pregnancy? Does the ACA now allow supplemental insurance policies to be purchased by people covered by Medicare Disability? Where can I rent a breast pump through the healthcare reform act? I live in upstate Buffalo, New York. about my condition If my income qualifies me for medicaid in IL, but then my income goes up, what happens? Do I switch out of medicaid? What are North Carolina's insurance plans for people in there 60's with very limit or no income?  I am eligible for Medicaid. Can I drop the insurance offered by my employer and just have Medicaid?  I just had a ton of blood come out of my eye when I blew my nose. This is the third month i have had my period and i only have blood clots when i use the bathroom when on my period.  I have non hodgenkins lymphomia. Non curable or opertable. Can I get early medicare. I have no insurance. I have been diagnosed with trigeminal neuralgia is there medical insurance that may pay for dental implant cost? If you had health care coverage or Medicaid prior to the deadline but were denied later on because the HHSA or Insurance Can 2014 Short Term Insurance Plans still deny paying for pre existing conditions? What is the authorizing identifier for obtaining Marinol with Medicaid insurance how can i get treatment for scabies with no insurance or money What is Medicare's definition of marriage and where will I find it? Will insurance cover braciaplasty,and tummy tucks? Is the Social Security number necessary to purchase an insurance? what insurance covers Bariatric Surgery ? what insurance covers Bariatric Surgery ? i just need dental coverage.  does obamacare require a separate dental insurance for families with children? Is a chiropractor required by malpractice law to keep doing scans? Is Creon FDA approved and covered by most insurance?  MILLIONS WITHOUT INSURANCE If I am at high risk for colon cancer but not yet 50, why won't doctors bill a colonoscopy as routine? I am hiv+, currently on meds. my clinic has closed I need to get insurance to see a dr , continue my meds. any advice? is in vitro fertilization covered by insurance i was able to afford prevastatin without insurance now the price has sored. how can get this drug with out insurance?  I have an abscess tooth, been treating w/anitbiotics. Cant be pulled for another year due to insurance. will it be ok?  Is one physical exam for men covered by all insurance companies under the ACA  My husband slipped on the ice about 6 days ago and hit his side. He is having alot of pain in that area.  Can I get insurance the same day I have an accident that requires medical attention AL does not have a choice of providers-only BCBS. I can't pay the premium and won't be eligible for Medicare for 2yrs.  My current doctor refused to continue my narcotic pain medication, because I can not afford physical therapy self pay I am receiving SDI until the end of May, I am unemployed and have Multiple Sclerosis, how can I afford medical insurance Why isn't Seattle Childrens Hospital included in the WA state healthcare plans?  Who decides who can keep their doctor and/or their insurance? Is Obamacare WebMD's new mission/priority? I have taken Ultracet for yrs for pain. Prostate cancer. Now my insurance won't pay for it . What is an alternative? I work 30 hrs/wk. Can my employer still prorate my contribution to benefits? Should I be paying more than 40hr employee? What to do? I've had tooth. And gum pain for over a week it's getting worse I have no insurance Otc meds aren't helping .. help !? Why am I 19 and still haven't had a period?! i dont have insurance, what is the ball park figure for having a planters wart removed by chemicals or laser therapy? I have had my period for almost 3 weeks. Not normal for me. No insurance. What can I do? if you have been bleeding since december and your energy keeps diminishing should you go to the doctors? Daughter exposed to scabbies,Dr, treated with some cream didnt help! Had now a yr, also thinks she has GOUT! No insuran What is the treatment of choice for car accident whiplash with symptoms or arm or leg pain What is the standard charge for cpt code 19081 I had a boil many years ago, on my face. There is still a place there that will often leak white, bad smelling stuff. Can MRSA be confused with Herpes ? Where do I find a drug counseling near Myakka City, FL 34251  I got sick at work with heat exhaustion which worsened my boderline diabetis.  I was in a bike accident and I may have ruptured a breat implant...will insurance cover a ruptured breast implant?  Is a CT scan indicated on an 84 year old male, on blood thinners, with a TBI? MD did not do one. Dad died. Law suit? Can my primary doctor refuse to give me a referral to a pain management doctor? I'm in pain from back surgeries How do I evaluate all life-insurance items of businesses? around how much does bladder surgery cost without insurance Is there any otc medications that can be taken for severe itching caused by primary biliary cirrhosis that really works? I cant gain weight, I eat a ton of food and dont gain a pound. WHY! Youthful individual auto insurance uk? I am 53, I was on depo for 5 ys and never had a period, I went off the shot and now its been a yr and still no period. I have stopped taking Celexa for 3 days because I cannot afford to go back to dr. for a refill. Any OTC meds I can take Where do I learn about accessing disability What are the consequences for not having my gall bladder removed, when I was told that I have numerous stones. No Ins. silicone implants are 30 years old, have scar tissue now, will insurance coverage the surgery to fix this condition? Why are my breasts so sore Lower left abdominal pain? cannot find medicare in your insurance list Can I get prescription drug insurance without getting medical insurance? Is there any help for those of us that are offered insurance through our employer, but it's still too expensive. How is having a $3000 health care deductible better? is hormone therapy considered to be immunotherapy? I will get retiree insurance in 2015 that has a $100,000 lifetime limit, is this legal? I have been having a few symptoms of pregnancy. Is there any way I can tell that I am pregnant without doing a test? I have an allergy to acetaminophen. I'm almost 13 weeks pregnant. Are there any alternatives? Hi Dr. I feel a pulling sensation on my vulva/vagina. My GYN is not concerned but I am. Is it possible to get insurance in California without going through covered California? 