What causes itching? What can be done for itching and pain from insect bites and stings? I have a cough and itchy throat. Ive tried Allegra, but it isnt helping. Would Claritin or Zyrtec be better?  Lortab makes my stomach hurt and me itch. Percocet didn't give me the same problems. What is the difference? My 3 1/2-year-old has strep and is taking amoxicillin. Can I give him Benadryl to take for itchy feet? Nothing works on my dry skin, I itch so much, I am leaving marks. What can I do? I was walking my dog, and may have gotten poison ivy. How do I get rid of the itching? Do I have to bathe my dog? The skin around my tattoo really itches. Am I allergic to the ink? Should I see a doctor? I don't have health insurance. What is the best thing for itching skin? Im 28 weeks pregnant and have small brown patches around my breast. They itch sometimes, dry out, and peel. Any ideas? My daughter has a few red raised bumps on her. She has had them for 6 months now and they itch. What to do? A new mole appeared on my back. It itches and burns, is grayish and the size of a pencil eraser. Is this skin cancer? My lower leg has been itching, and Ive had slow-healing sores, for five years. Is it related to high stress at work? I have itchy bumps on my forearms and hands that look like poison ivy, but they don't ooze. What could it could be? Why do I have an internal itching sensation where I pulled my piriformis muscle? What are some ways to prevent dry, itchy skin? Which is better for an itchy foot rash -- Claritin or Zyrtec?  I take metformin, lisinopril, and HCTZ. Could they be causing white skin blotches and itching when I'm in the sun? I have cast itch. Is there a product I can buy that has an extended aerosol spray to help with the itching?  I have itching at the tip of my urethra. I don't think my partner has an STD. Should I be worried?  Why do I get an intense tingling/itchy sensation all over my body when I work out? I take NO Extreme, a supplement. Since I've stopped menstruating, I've noticed my skin is itchy and bumpy. What can I do for relief?  I am taking hydroxyzine every eight hours. It's not helping my itching or rash. Can I take more than one dose at a time? I started using the patch to quit smoking. Ive developed an itchy, red warm area on my skin. Did the patch cause this? Since taking Plavix, I have an itchy rash developing on my chest, arms, and back. Is this normal?  I am going through menopause and now have extremely dry, itchy skin and red bumps. Is there something you can recommend? For years, I have been suffering with itchy toes. My toes are currently all inflamed from scratching. What can I use? What I can I use to brighten my elbows? They are very dark, and they itch sometimes.  Since moving into my house, my eyes constantly itch and each morning, discharges have dried them shut. Any help?  The top of my scalp continually itches after a complete facelift. My dermatologist said it was hives. What can I do? What is the best thing for itchy skin?  Is it possible to have scabies that don't itch? Does MRSA itch? What conditions can cause itching? What can I do to minimize itching and redness from eczema and winter itch? why do my feet burn and hurt? The back of my head itches and is starting to have hair loss, but baldness does not run in my family. What is the cause? I have a small light brown patch of pigment on my throat - side effect of contraceptive pill? i recently burned my upper thigh really bad. now it's itching. it's keeping me up at night. how can i stop the itching? I have bumps on my genital region, I am a male. From what I read it doesn't appear to be herpes. No itch, pain/openings i have a servere itchy, burning place on my uppper arm. creams do not work at all I almost constantly itch, mostly from waist down, and occassionally I get a couple "bumps" that are like little blisters Burning sensation (inflammation) allover inside body after meals.This ends up with extreme uncontroable itch. I have red patchs under my armpits they seem to be growing out of my armpits also. For about 3 months 81-year-old father gets a rash on his body every evening. Goes away and then comes back next evening. Can i become allergic to the metal used in hospital needles? I have 2 dark purple round circles the sizes of a pea. They're spaced apart like a fang bite of a spider. skin problem. On arms and legs.Look infected, warm or burning feeling sometimes,hurt, itch and feel and look acticve skin problem. On arms and legs.Look infected, warm or burning feeling sometimes,hurt, itch and feel and look acticve I have itchy red bumps around my pubic area. This morning it's spread onto my arms. Could this be from chlamydia? I will get nervous and jittery, my head itches and I cannot fall asleep before bed. i wake up in the am with a rash. can freckles dry up and itch? Herpes simplex Red spots behind ears correspnding with sore throat I had took a bath and my vaginal area starting to burning really bad. I have a vaginal discharge like a yeast infection and it itches what can I do too stop it? My mother has swelling between eyes with itch and redness. do corns hurt and itch? im 21 and i struggle to urinate this was sudden out of nowhere any ideas what it could be? no burning or itching Can you get the Chickenpox yet not be uncomfortable?  Groin odor and itchiness i was taking antibotics then i started to itch inmy virgnia area and when i pee it burns and when i wipe stings i have an itch all over my body I got 3rd degree chemical burns on my leg, now it is doing something strange, why? I have developed a patch of red inchy bumbs on my right ab area. This moring the same bumps on my rt forearm. help  my son has a rash all over his body that looks kind of like a heat rash but isn't red and doesnt itch, what is it? Wondering if I have an STD or maybe just a sore? Small, flesh colord bump above my clitoris has slight itch when touched small white bumps on the bottom sides of my penis shaft? i have a pencil size growth that has appeared at the hairline in th middle of my forehead. slightly itches and tender  friend has red bumps on the perineum area. what could this be? my son keeps getting big red blotches on his skin an his back what are they.they itch and are raised  why do i have and itchy throat that makes me hack and gag. i can't sleep at night because i have to spit out flem if herion is being used and they are always itching can that cause the person to get scabies ? I have had a strange itch on my clitoris for a few weeks now. What may be causing this? Possible STD? I have a brown blotch about 3" in circumference that appeared near my belly button and it is getting bigger. Any ideas? What's this severe itching between my thighs? Is it possible that inulin would cause my entire body to itch? This seems to happen after I eat cereal w/this ingredient What these reddish brown bumps on the bottom of my feet.  Skin color single bump on my penis leaks clear. HIV it came back neg. What could this be? Does not itch or burn. I have an itch that started on my groin and has spread to my hands, buttocks, and hips, any clue to what it could be? Treating a groin area rash with daily apps of triamcinolene cream for months.I stop for 1 day and rash returns.Ideas? don't think this is the correct spelling for this but it sounds like plancus likcus My scalp itches severely (even after washing), occasionally gets hard crusty build ups and my hair is weak and breaking. Penis blister? I have an itchy, tingly, crawling sensation on my back at my right shoulder blade for months what is it? I have a sunburn on my back, but this time it itched to the extreme and want to know why. For years I have clipped/bit my finger cuticles down, and I have built up calluses. Now they itch. How can I stop it? I got 2 perfect round completely red circles on my back, possibly ringworm? Occasionally i get an itch but nothing bad My doctor gave me an anti-flamatory pill for shingles, doesnt seem to be working, what can i take to make the pain go? i have an itchy perineum and im not sure what is causing it.. there is no rash and i have tried lotions and creams. What to do to mosquito bites if they've stayed for over a month and have swelled? My best friend got two red balls on the base of his penis and it hurts only when touching it what is this? Can a woman get infected if a man has jock itch? can head lice live on your body and clothing i have this bump around my groin and it kind of freaked me out a little bit i need help I have skin redness/scratchlike rashes around my shoulder and arm area, not from scratching, but it looks just like it.  A red slightly raised area on my breast, it dose not itch or burn. I just bust two tiny pus bumps, what could this be? Jock Itch Expert Needed Why does my anus only itch at night ( 20 years old male)? if you have worms would your butt itch icthy rashy skin feels like pins poking you all the time what will stop the itch Can athlete's foot spray be used for jock itch? No where on the can does it mention additional treatment for jock itch. what type of insect or spider bite would cause bruising Mucas in throat when swallowing I get this itch in just one spot on the back of my head, do you think it may be a reaction to medication? Why do I have chronic "swimmer's ear" without going swimming? Tiny red bumps and patches on penis glans, tried a few different things to no avail. Itching all over body, like scabies, but currently no burrows, could be early detection? Ear canal itch and red for a month, allergic reaction of Neomycin-polymyxin drops continuation? Can coconut oil cure jock itch, or is there something better to cure it? Do shingles itch? What causes white, thick vaginal discharge following a really short period?  What is this itch/rash that appears on the head of my penis after oral sex? Red scaley patches that come and go. Rash under breasts from sweating or menopause If you get blisters on the front where the hair is not underneath is that herpies? There are never blisters on lips. Got a rash 5 days ago. Appears as small red/pink bumps and seems to spread more when scratched. All over body. insect bite with swelling and bruising Do I have pink eye or just an eye irritation? Is Vaseline safe for toddlers itchy ears? It sooths the itch when applied. does weight loss make your skin itch does weight loss make your skin itch 13 days ago had unprotected sex. 3 days later saw scab on Penis. fell off now its just red but healing. Std or a scab?  when i scratch an itch i get welts, what an cause this? When my penis is ereceted,i can feel a small hard point, no pain no itch.Only when erected.Any idea of what might it be? my daughter has psoriasis in her arm pits wht can she use to help w. the problem. she itches herself raw . Got a shot over a year ago but still itches. Now purple? I HAVE AN ITCH BUT ONLY AROUND MY CLITORIS. COULD IT BE BACTERIAL VAGINOSIS? Vaginal bumps! please reply ASAP Do i still have a yeast infection? I have strange little bumps on my arm and chest, the chest itches and there are tiny bumps with yellow in them? Help? Dark red blood in urine 3 wks, sometimes urethra itches.No pain.No yeast infection.Took antibiotics, but still bleeding. My ringworm fungal culture came back negative. What else could it be if it isn't fungus? It's scaley but doesn't itch. My Labia itch intensely, especially after I urinate. No other symptoms. Is it possible to be allergic to my urine? My 5 year old has lots of bumps that itch all over his feet up to his knees My right nasal passage had a cold sore. Now my right eye is red. I have no discharge or sleepers in my eye but the redne Fort the last two month I have been devloping bumps on my arms almost look like a insect bite then the itch and hurt  UTI vs NGU? Can scapies be caught from exercise equipment? is itching similar to a yeast infection a symptom of UTI or bladder infections? last week the doctor said that i have shigles today i have a rash from head to toe that itches is this normal? what causes hives in a 12 year old boy and it is not food allergies? Does hives on skin indicate vitamin d deficiency? I have a bump that is on the lip of my vagina and it itches, could that be a sign herpes? I had unprotected sex and after 2 days my virgina started itchying,its now a week and it itches only at nyt shud I worry HSV 2 tested negative 2 yrs ago I am not sexually active in any way is there any posibility it will test positive now I have an itch in my vagina with no discharge, burning, or smell. It does not match any symptoms I see listed.  ankle rash for 5 years itches randomly tried presricption and over the counter creams, fungus? Deep tissue massage creates large hive like skin irratations that itch and cause fatigue and joint pain Can jock itch be transmitted through sexual intercourse? Can it spread from man to woman? What would her symptoms be? does celluitis itch I noticed reddish spots (freckle like) around my ankles, they don't itch, but they are creeping, what are they? does synthetic underwear cause jock itch?  Small red whelp like bumps and red dots appear on penis after unpretected sex and the next intercourse it itches?? Red spots on body Is there any way a woman can be sexually allergic to her husband? I itch like crazy for days after sex. i have been suffering with an uncontrollable vaginal itch for more then a year and no cream has been able to cure it. The inside of my ears flake, and itch, and are scaley. Just inside a little ways, not deep inside. small itchy bumps on my hands and now my entire body itches and I have two large rashes on my sides. I have a lil lumb over my anus? i have a red smooth patch of skin on the underside of my penis Several bumps on my scrotum and on the shaft of my penis. They all itch but no pain. Head of penis is dried out. Help? Why my skin stings when am running why does psoriasis itch more when there is no scale on it  So I have this hard lump in my breast and I'm not sure what it could be? I have a light red sometimes purpleish rash on the shaft of my penis. I have tried using cortizone and a Lamisil Atf. Sun Exposure problem, whats causing it? why does grey hair itch so much? I have an itch on the back of my testicles that itches, it comes and goes. I went to my doctor and dermatologist no luck What are these spots on my skin? How do I find out what is biting me at night? What are these white spots on my penis? I started a new cholesterol medicine 3 weeks ago do I have a heat rash or an allergic reaction? It really itches  EAR INFECTION? What is it?  i am a 13 year old boy. i am having skin irritation followed by skin rashes if i start to itch it. so please help! after ejaculation in 1st condom entered vagina again of hooker with fresh condom. Groin penis itch after 5 days. Hiv ? Genital rash Can you take Benadryl for allergic reaction to Sudafed? can laundry soap allergic reaction make your vagina itch What is a yeast-like infection prior to menstrating? Open wound with white stuf(not pus)f on right testicle. Please help 13 year old girl, 9th grade. For the past couple weeks my right breast has small red dots/bumps on it. starting to itch I am waiting for an appointment to be tested for STD's, but need help managing severe genital itching/burning now. Will my yeast infection ever go away My daughter has red itchy mosquito like bumps on her ankles and legs below knee. Itch cream doesn't really help. Ideas? I woke up one morning to a tick on my right hand palm. Now I have a red spot that doesn't itch. I have these sores like holes in my leg and it itches ive been put on 3 different antibiotics and its still on my leg Red itchy bumps keep appearing on my arms and around feet  I have a pea-sized lump on the head of my penis that does not itch or burn, so what could it be? I have wavy lines, that have a few tiny red spots and don't itch or hurt, under head of my penis. What should I do? what can cause itching all over the body, even in your scalp? Is it possible to have scabies on the vagina lips?  why do vicidon make me itch can the inguinal lymph nodes swell due to jock itch Raised brown mole on shaft of penis Random mild itching in penis a few days after unprotected hand job and blow job my grandson is 14 he rubbed his nose to the point that it is red and swollen and hurts to the touch, could it be broken? red bites that itch and only move in the hot summer, had the house sprayed 4 times last year and they are back  what could possible cause a scab/sore formation on the lower left hands side of the testicle Under the head of my penis on the shaft is two red splotches. they arent raised at all and dont itch or hurt.  mild vaginal fish odor, some itch, recent issue with new toilet paper Why is my vagina opening grey?  How can I tell between a yeast infection or vaginal allergic reaction I started getting bumps around the shaft of my penis after shaving about 2 months ago unlike razor burn. What are they? I have an extreme itch on my back with no visual signs at all. It itches and stings and spreads. Any idea what it is?  Husband has been itching for 2 months now? Underarm rash during menstrual cycle Posion ivy on my genitals? I hope Severe Anal and genital itching. Why? does tamoxifen cause shingles Can you get Genital Herpes AROUND the scrotum area? (Example-Under the scrotum, near upper leg area) what causes hives all over, when nothing new has changed? the nerve in the bottom of my foot starts to iching so bad i scarch it so that it swell up . I have a light brown spot on my earlobe that is hard to the touch and sorta swollen. what is it? its painful I have a small circle on my penis that looks like A scar. I have only been with 1 girl and I was her only sexual partner Condoms make my penis itchy-what can I do? Poison ivy on penis What causes "internal" scrotum and anal itch? What types of relief can I use for vaginal and vulva itching when pregnant? How do you differentiate between jock itch and herpes Can a vaginal yeast infection, that has been recurring for 6months ,cause you skin to itch  Small area on back rash pain itch tingling an burning what is it Jock itch returns soon after 2 week dosage of Terbinafine hcl 250mg.  