What kind of results can you expect from a less invasive total knee replacement? Is it possible for the body to reject a knee replacement implant? What kind of pain should I expect after a knee replacement? What type of exercises are OK after knee and hip replacement? What should I expect from having knee manipulation after total knee replacement (TKR)?  What is the recovery period for bilateral knee replacement? Years ago I had a ganglion cyst removed from my knee. In colder months, I get pain down to my calf. What's happening? I have tendonitis in one of my knees, which causes pain when doing jumping exercises. Can supplements reduce the pain? When is knee replacement surgery needed? My father's legs are swollen from the knees down. He is taking cyclosporine. Is this a side effect of the drug? I've noticed a lot of loose skin around my knees and in the front of my legs. What can be done? I'm on my feet at work. bruise that won't heal Fell down stairs last night,landed on my knees.Ankle, knees , lower back stiff and sore. Do I rest or keep working? why does my skin itch when i sweat? No Growth spurt from 14-18? I have symptoms of a thyroid disorder, but results come back negative. What could it be? Male 70 multiple surgeries 10 surgeries in last 4 years - how do I help him regain his strength and mental abilities? why do my knees squeak while walking Painful knees. Painful in morning, The pain is less as the day progresses. bending is a problem. Pain in left toes that traveled up leg and now my leg feels bruised to touch and knee swells daily and hurts for my arthitic knee i would get a procedure called micro-fracture on the femur. What is this and how long is recovery . my knees sqweak while walk they just give out on me sometimes n feel un comfordable at time. what should i do small soft dime sizelump on side of knee could this be a blood clot also had pain when deep breaths I pulled my hip flexors a few years ago, have hip pain that keeps me up at night now that I work out more. Help? my 55 yr. old brother has both legs below the knee to toes, unusually red,swollen,warm,painfull,useless after 20 steps. I've had a knee replacement in 2005. I am experiencing excurating pain in this knee when trying to bend the knee. Should I wear a knee brace since I had surgery and now have OA I have two large lumps on the outside of my knee - one above and one below. The one above is extremely painful. constant hips pain when I sit, lay down, ride in cars and after I run. This has been over a yr,had no test, dr sd deal I have Arthritis in my knees and my leg stay sore and feel like they are about to cramp is there anything I can take? while treating a major leg infection, my scrotum has swollen/filled up? not painful or hot. what kind of doc do i see? knee cap pain I have unbearable pain in my leg....from my knee to my hip When I fast walk, I have excruciating pain from below my knee to my foot? Why? I am having intense left foot and knee pain. They are both swollen and a redish purple. No injury can't bend my toes. Today in class I was standing on my knees and i felt my heart pounding then I got sweaty. What could this be? I have an intense pain from my knee to ankle on the right side of my right leg, it gets really bad when walking. pain in hip and cause above inside ankle to ach and become numb longevity of a knee replacement I have diabetes and am going to have knee replacement surgery, what do I need to know and what can I expect Pain in right hip that shoots down the leg on the right side. Occurs after walking/standing for long periods of time. Endometriosis-I've had 2 surgeries (findings were small) and still have a huge amount of pain. Can it be anything else? I have heard that Vitamin B12 is helpful for joint pain. If so, what would be the recommended dosage? I'm not sure if I ever had chicken pox as a child and am very concerned whether I should get the preventive shot. What are possible dangers when wearing a knee brace--if it is a little tight? Can you take cold Medicine before a knee surgery? Is having a bakers cyct reson to have knee replacement? Can a bakers cyct just be removed?a I have hurt my inner knee before playing football a 2-3 years ago. Now im feeling the same pains again what should i do? Does severe pain at site of minor leg injury (bruised from fall) indicate existing clotting has become a concern? I have had a left knee replacement using the Zimmer Flex LPS and I have had nothing but pain in the knee and outside,  any Ideas on whats causing my knee replacement to hurt so bad read below i have really bad swelling on my knee last two days been icing and putting it up is there anything else i should do? I am a mma fighter with Oa of the knee what can I do to reduce the pain in my knee while training  hi,my mother 85 y,suffer from lumber.s.s she need exercise for her knee,kindly advise,since she stand (WITH WALKER) I am having a sharp spasm like pain in the back of my left leg about 5 inches above the knee. Should I be concerned. Why do i have a lump in the back of my neck that causes severe head pain and numbness on my left side? How can I reduce the pain in my hips from an old injury? I'm 54. How do I decide between osteotomy and knee replacement? After sitting for a while, 10-15 minuntes, I cannot stand until me knee has a chance to straighten out for 15 to 20 sec. Can a viral infection cause knee problems? My boyfriend's knees are stiff and painful. His knee caps are ok. Thnak you I am wasting away.. I am getting dull knee join pain after a long walk or cycling. I was walking 5 km a day during the college time. Cervix looks like a skinned knee Had right knee replaced in 2009, worked well until August 2010, when I felt some pops to the right of the knee and fell. what is the treatment for nerve pain in knee and leg? How do you treat a chipped knee cap (patella) ? Do I need surgery? Xrays confirmed the chip (s). I fell on my already painful knees and now I can barely walk i stand for 8 hours a day and have pain all day long when i come home and still for awhile its stiff and hard to walk? I FELL AND HAVE PAIN IN MY HIP, KNEE AND ANKLE AS WELL AS MY LOW BACK. HOW LONG SHOULD I WAIT TO SEEK MEDICAL ATTENTION? What could cause abdominal pain to last 2weeks and the cause a bile movement of white stool and diarrhea? Have I dislocated my knee?  Very bad stomach pain in the mornings. What can I expect after being diagnosed with osteoarthritis in the knee?  A crawling sensation on the outside of my left thigh under the skin. Just above knee moving upward. Possible causes of leg cramps both or one leg from ankle to below knee outside of leg during sleep. I am doing arobic type exercises lately. My Knee is getting stiff if I sit for over 5 -10 mins. returns after sitting i developed a rash on upper buttox,armpit and behind both knees, any idea what type of rash this could be? The inside of my r knee is chronically in pain. Worse after walking. Anit-iflamatory and icing have not worked. MCL inj? I felt a small dull pain in the back of knee that spread throughout the whole knee during the course of the day. Is it possible to adjust the sacroiliac joint so that it drops down allowing the pelvis to tilt back into place.  One of my veins running from the pubic area down to my knee hurts. no colour change, but it feels swollen. Why is this? i was runing sprints recently and now I am experiencing pain behind my right knee...should I see a doctor? I have severe pain from knee down swelling and unexplained bruises on leg and my feet are like ice all the time I have pain in my knee under the knee cap, the back of my knee and my thigh is this just arthritis? I have pain and stiffness in my back,shoulders,knees,and hips.It has gotten worse over tha past year. what do i have? bones-joints freezing Knee Pain? Knee still has sharp pain when I kneel down on it after a fall 2 weeks ago.Should I see a doctor or wait a bit longer? I still have pain and swelling at 8 weeks post op from total knee replacement surgery. Any suggestions to help? Ive had 2 prior knee surgeries to replace/ repair an ACL injury. I now have constant pain in my knee, how do I stop this Jammed my third toe and have a HUGE bruise on foot around toe and the toe is swollen, excruciatingly painful AND shorter What is wrong with my knee? How to lose weight with little mobility? i have a hard, oval growth that is painful to touch behind my left knee at the very top of my calf My 12 yr old son has multiple bruises on his left leg only and doesn't recall bumping into anything. What should I do? Chronic pain in upper part of right leg, basically around the joint area where the leg comes together with the buttock? In 2007 I got stress fractures on both knees. Is it normal to still have severe pain after that many years? how much does a toe to knee foberglass leg cast weight? I have artritis in the spine. I have been in severe pain at night in my knees and elbows. I cant lift my arm past chest. What causes a burning pain in the inside of my left knee? I have a shap pain in one knee every time I kneel. There is no pain at any other time. What could be causing this? Strange dent under kneecap  The total knee replacement I had one year ago failed, why? what exercises should I do after knee arthroscopy What kind of doctor should I see? Symptoms: I have moderate to severe joint pain in my knees, wrists and ankles. Is it normal to have a 99.6 fever at night only, four weeks after a total knee replacement? how to get rid of an infection with stitches? I have a very itchy rash behind my knee. It started as a cluster of little bites. What is it and how do I treat it? When I run I have pain from the back of my ankles to the front of my knees. What could this be  Whren my son runs during football he has pain from the back of his ankles to the front of his knees what causes swelling in one ankle and lower leg in 93 year old woman and what specialist should she see? What sort of exercise can a handicapped person do who is morbidly obese and fighting several ailments? 47 and have a painless hard lump below my left knee that came 2 days ago.I have a ligament tear on that knee.What is it? WHAT ARE THE SYMPTOMS OF MS. how do you reduce swelling in osteo arthritis of the knee? I'm over wght/carrying most between my knees and waist. My legs look like cottage cheese/bumps what causes that? Got a scar years ago that grew beyond injury. Are there treatments to remove it? MY MOM NEEDED A BLOOD TRANS AFTER KNEE REP,HER HGB WAS 8.0,AFTER RECEIVING A PINT OF BLOOD HER HGB WAS 8.8 THE NEXT DAY. I have started jogging for exercise and the inside of my knees are sore. What i can do before/after to help alleviate? Is it common to hear cracks or pops in the knee once in a while, 8 weeks out from ACL reconstruction using a hamstring? Is it common to hear cracks or pops in the knee once in a while, 8 weeks out from ACL reconstruction using a hamstring? There are large blistrers on the ankles and behind the knees.  I pulled a muscle in my back three days ago. Now my knees are swollen and hurting badly. Is this related?  i have PAIN in my left leg,swelling,below knee, test in ER came back positive for blood clots, should i be concerned??  i have PAIN in my left leg,swelling,below knee, test in ER came back positive for blood clots, should i be concerned?? Lump on inner thigh midway between groin and knee, very old (4-5 yrs), recently causes pain and grew a bit. 25Yrs Old. what is the average time a person will have pain after knee surgery What medical professional should treat persistent bursitis of the knee due to trauma (fall)? What kind of surgery would you have for a pinched nerve in your leg Can my left leg limping cause my right hip pain? What kind of knee problem could I have? I am experiencing severe pain in both legs that start behind the knees and radiate down to my feet. It's very painful I have severe left leg pain, worse at night when I first lie down.  i have numbness in my upper right thigh On antibiotics/inhaler for bronchitis. Soon after starting meds, terribly itchy rash behind both knees. Drug allergy? About Diabetes 2 : My father, age 77, can't feel his feet anymore. Having pain around knees, on the side that seems to run down leg some. Gets worse at night.  can knee pain cause hip pain if i am bleeding from the intestines already would taking omeprazole 20mg going to stop it? Can working a job where your constantly lifting heavy objects for five years cause lower back problems 3 years later? 1 week post knee arthroscope to fix torn meniscus,woke up with pain from knee to my toes, swelling from ankle to toes. Knee pain when bending/running If a wound is leaking yellow discharge is it infected if I have no other signs of infection  I am 12 years old and have flat feet. Do I need surgery? I have excruciating pain around the top of my LCL especially when putting weight on bended knee. What's best treatment? My 5 year old has lots of bumps that itch all over his feet up to his knees can i cook after having knee manipulation after total knee replacement Is my recovery from knee replacement surgery typical? 73 yr old female that has heart trouble. needs knee replacement and drs say red tape at medicare- help what can we do? Can scapies be caught from exercise equipment? I have rocks and dirt in my knee. It's starting to affect my life. What can be done about it? why does my knee click every time i walk Knee shifted inward while running. Help me please..!? Painful!! Can't bend or straighten it. What is the alternative MRI test for someone with a stent I am a diabetic and have scraped my knee and won't heal what can I use to heal other than neosporin I had knee replacement in Nov. Now 2 months+ later I am still feeling leg pain. I have had the flu for a few days and now have developed a rash on my fore arms and hands and my knees and inner thighs. I have had a knee replaced twice and revised once in 17 months. My SED rate is 50. Should I be worried about infection Leg Pain I've waited years for hip replacement surgery I've gained weight. How much is considered unsafe for surgery? can sciatica pain throw a knee out of joint I'm a 51 year old women ,I weigh 206 and cholesterol at 250, My knee been replace,what exercise can I do to lose weigh? I went dancing last night and now my knees are really sore and stiff when I bend them and when I'm resting. had surgery almost a year ago and im still have problems what should i do? I am a heart patient. What can I take (over the counter) for inflammation of the knee?  Whats wrong with my knee? What type of surgery is performed to relieve esophageal spasms? extreme low blood pressure after percocet following knee replacement. Reversal drug felt like heart attack. Explain what are the causes of lack of balance How to treat swelling of the knee Can you help me out with a few symptoms I have been experiencing? I fell and hit my leg right below my knee. No swelling or bruising. Very painful if it is bumped. What could this be? Can changes in diabetic neuropathy be an indication of MS can I have surgery with a stuffy nose can an MRI on my knee show a DVT? I have OA. My knee is bone on bone. One doc says to have knee replacement and one says no. Should I? My knees feel hot to the touch. There has been no pain, swelling, surgery or injuries. My body temp is normal. torn cartilage in knee, how long do i wear the long brace? What are the differences between contact dermatitis and eczema? Apparently, a combined knee and hip replacement operation are rare. Age 83.Diabetic. Outcome prospects? can low potassium cause ressless leg syndrone? i have severe varicrose veins on the back of my left calf what should i do? My Dr is obviously undependable.I need to know what I can do about my broke bone. Orthopeds wont work others patients.  How do I find out what is biting me at night? I pulled a muscle in lower back, when walking my leg goes out. knee is very painfull when walking I usually bruise easily and quickly. I hit my knee very hard and it took 5days for the bruise to show up. Why so long? Is it safe to take baby aspirin, Coumadin and Plavix at the same time Issue with knee. Fell on knee. 1" petruding bump, or bulge just below knee cap. 2 weeks ago. mild pain. bad bruise? What should the calorie intake be for a 47 year old female that is disabled and cannot exercise and weighs 152? posterior cruciate ligament injury Can eczema be transmitted by blood transfusion. i fell landed hard on my left knee and ever since i cant put any pressure on it and hurts to walk bend or move.  My 9 year old son has recently developed car sickness and now gets dizzy when his head is below his knees.  I am a 40 year woman,a month and a half ago I began to have swelling in both of my legs from just below the knee down. muscle strain Discolored hands and painful joints? I asked a question and did not get an answer fitting question. I have pain in my legs from my knees down when I lay in bed at night. What could it be and what can I do? what is the strongest pain med you can get over the counter for back pain? My daughter has red itchy mosquito like bumps on her ankles and legs below knee. Itch cream doesn't really help. Ideas? When can I begin lifting weights and working out? I have had a little bumb on my knee for about two years. It scabs over but once scraped, it bleeds for a long time. Help I've had a bruise for at least two months and it still hasn't healed. Could it be skin cancer? I may need knee replacement surgery soon. I have always been quite bowed legged. Will the procedure straighten my legs? when is the best time of the day to take gluclosamine My post-surgical fear is so bad that it can cause me to spike a fever which has canceled surgery in 2009. How to avoid? I have a pain, seems to be coming from the back of my knee, when i bend it from straight position, kneel on it or squat. Does ACL tear cause pain in lower leg and feet? Does arthritis travel from back to leg?  Got Knee debridement of lateral meniscus done on my right knee. Its been 3 months having pain? What's the max rehab time What can I do for my bow legs as a 16 year old girl? Nutrilite supplements?? Are they beneficial for back and knee pain? I have pressure in my right knee but no pain; the pressure limits my ability to bend the knee fully. What happens during a scope knee surgery exactly?? How long will it take to recover?? Does wearing copper infused sleeves help one's knee or elbow joints? I went for a long 3 hour walk and now have pain behind the knee and arch of my foot. can varicose veins cause this pain? Is toenail fungus dangerous for a person with a total knee replacement ? can artritus in one knee cause arthritus in the other knee.  what is the test fot blood clots in legs Massive knee pain, cannot move leg without pain. popping noise from behind knee when straightenened fell on my leg a week ago and it's still bruised and swollen a week later Stabbing pain from ankle to knee Can you get metal poisoning from a knee replacement? When I have to poop my sides hurt . Like pressure on my kidneys ? Is this reason to worry ? My husband seems to have Psoriatric Arthritis, he has never had psoriasis before. Can both appear at the same time? I have been having sever knee pain for awhile now. If I bend it, it makes a popping noise and is very painful. HELP! Right Knee Pain Osteoarthritis Feet and occasionally legs are going numb. Should I seek medical attention. how do i exercise with osteoarthritis and patellar tendonitis in both knees and falling arches in both feet? My friend was skateboarding last week and landed wrong. His right knee bent in to the right side.  I had total knee replacement surgery 2 weeks ago, 5 days ago I developed a stiff neck, what should I do for relief? Should I go to the doctor? *knee cap Injury* what could cause the pain in my right hip when i walk it hurts the top of me leg down to my knee when i touch it?  Knee Pain while taking Naproxen  I have pain in the knee cap that comes and goes on both knees. I have had this pain since I was 12. Is it arthritis? My husband has a swollen finger and now his knee and foot are swollen, what kind of DR should he see? My husband has a swollen finger and now his knee and foot are swollen, what kind of DR should he see? 