Are sharp pains in your leg and lower region normal during pregnancy? There is a large rash on my leg after getting several mosquito bites. I am sensitive to bug bites - should I be worried? I have a brown recluse bite on my leg that is extremely painful. I dont want to walk. What pain medication is safe? I get eczema on my legs every summer. My skin looks awful. What stuff can I get from the drugstore to help my skin? I am sick of shaving my legs. I get bumpy skin and my legs never feel smooth. Does laser hair removal really work? I have spider veins and varicose veins on my legs as a result of pregnancy and age. Will lasers really zap those?  I have acne on the sides of my legs and on my labia. Doctors say it is from sweating. Please help! It is embarrassing. What is this creepy, tingling sensation in my legs? My lower leg has been itching, and Ive had slow-healing sores, for five years. Is it related to high stress at work? Can you tell me if leg weakness is a symptom of Parkinson's disease?  Could I have ruptured a tendon on the inside of my leg? Can potassium help with leg cramps?  Where can I find quinine pills for my husbands leg cramps?  A bug bite on my leg has formed a clear blister. Should I pop it? What causes leg cramps? I'm 53 with two total hip replacements on my left leg. I expect one more hip replacement at 65. What will happen then? How can I manage swelling in my feet and legs during pregnancy? If you put steroid cream on your legs for psoriasis, can it lead to weight gain? My father's legs are swollen from the knees down. He is taking cyclosporine. Is this a side effect of the drug? I have dark spots on my legs. Is there a cream or a type of acid to bleach these spots? Where do these spots come from? I've noticed a lot of loose skin around my knees and in the front of my legs. What can be done? I'm on my feet at work. Besides surgery, is there anything you can do to reduce spider veins in the legs?  My husband has been getting charley horses in his feet, legs and fingers. Is this a side effect of potassium chloride?  My baby is 9 days old. When he sleeps his arms and legs twitch in even timing, from 5 to 20 minutes. Is this normal? what if the pain worsens in the leg after three days of taking blood clotting medication I have a rash of very itchy tiny red bumps all over my legs, forearms and sides of my torso. Looks like eczema, Cure? degenerate disc disease in L5 lumbar area why does it feel like bones rubbing in hip area close to lumbar area? Major sleeping difficulties for the past month due to anxiety. Restless legs meds dont help. No caffine. Reg schedule bruise that won't heal Iget a Blister to pop up on my legs one at a time. What could this be. I get a Blister on my legs, it starts out like pus and turns into a red bump and I get them one at a time. Why does my leg ankle and foot swell the lower left leg is 3times the normal size and is purpleish and red. It also has little sores. what could this be? why would my kidney hurt? I have blood in my stool. What could be causing this? I am very tired and weak. My legs and body are aching.. For about 3 months 81-year-old father gets a rash on his body every evening. Goes away and then comes back next evening. my 4 year old chahauhas got diarrhea and dragging his back legs this morning. i'm hoping theres over the counter meds skin problem. On arms and legs.Look infected, warm or burning feeling sometimes,hurt, itch and feel and look acticve skin problem. On arms and legs.Look infected, warm or burning feeling sometimes,hurt, itch and feel and look acticve LAXIS CAUSES SEVERE LEG AND FOOT CRAMPS Sharp pain in top of my foot that moves to my shin. Not in the muscle it is in the bone. Then the other leg starts too i have severe pain in my legs and 3 years ago i develope severe migranes and im only 25yrs. what could be the cause? Pain in left toes that traveled up leg and now my leg feels bruised to touch and knee swells daily and hurts My 82 yr old mother has swollen legs and has developed blisters on her big toes. She is not overweight. She has COPD. small bumps under skin pea sized brownish red spots appearing on my arms and legs, why? How long does it take for fungal meningitis symptoms to occur? my 55 yr. old brother has both legs below the knee to toes, unusually red,swollen,warm,painfull,useless after 20 steps. My 2 year old vaccinations yesterday. Having trouble bending one leg and has brown spots on the bottom of that foot. I've had a knee replacement in 2005. I am experiencing excurating pain in this knee when trying to bend the knee. The heel of one foot is very sore when I walk on it. Could this be related to my back surgery? Itchy bumps all over my legs and white spots, it seems an allergic reaction after tanning. What should I do? it feels like both of my legs and feet are falling asleep. Uncomfortable to sit like its cutting off circulation to legs couple days ago i had a burning sensation in my groan area on left side now it is going down my leg. I had a stinging on my leg then a blister. The blister drained and refilled. Now scabbing, red and very sore. Any Idea Why is my chronic leg and back pain ignored? in several years no testing done.How long must I suffer? I have Arthritis in my knees and my leg stay sore and feel like they are about to cramp is there anything I can take? Can lumbar spinal stenosis it cause severe pain in your leg? i am having leg pain that gets worse in the evening with swelling of my right leg and throbbing pain what could it be? while treating a major leg infection, my scrotum has swollen/filled up? not painful or hot. what kind of doc do i see? bruise is hot to the touch what should I do? Would soma cause and increase in restess leg sydrom? I have a rash on my lower legs just above ankles-no pain and no itching. Is this a circulation problem or what? I have a rash on my lower legs just above ankles-no pain and no itching. Is this a circulation problem or what? I have unbearable pain in my leg....from my knee to my hip My shin bones are very soft and can actually dent if I press my finger on them. what gives? Can a stroke just affect the legs and nothing elsse? when running i get a pulled vein in my leg .stings to the touch .is this a clot I have a skin rash that looks like ringworm but isn't. Its red and very itchy and spreading everywhere. What can i do? im having swelling of my left lower leg and shin pain, why is happening? im having swelling of my left lower leg and shin pain, what is happening and why? Can stomach pain with diabetes get so bad to send you to the ER? PLEASE READ AND REPlY ASAP (my mom is vomiting after meal everyday) Diagnosed with anxiety have stroke symptoms weakness onleft side leg and arm is this normal? I am getting dizzy when I eat sugar and my legs also feel numb.  I have high blood glucose and normal hgA1C. My daughter almost 4 has clusters of little 'blisters' non-itchy and on chest, back buttocks, arms legs. 2months now. I have an intense pain from my knee to ankle on the right side of my right leg, it gets really bad when walking. im getting alot of cramps in my lega and sides near my rib cage is this associated with the spread of prostate cancer is ok to take gabapentin 300mg every night My legs are constantly falling asleep and it's painful when they "wake up". Should I be concerned? can a diabetic climb up the towers? what is the risk involved? What causes falling in elderly? In addition to medication, is there anything that can be done at home to ease diabetic neuropathy? icthy and rashes problem wid my penis and anus???? why is it that i get a warm water sensantion in my leg? its in the same area every time. can leg injury cause dvt?  Can Cephalexin 250 mg cause muscle aches? Pain in right hip that shoots down the leg on the right side. Occurs after walking/standing for long periods of time. What is small vein disease? Is surgery an option for those having deep vein varicose? Only option is just wear the leg stockings whole life? I got 3rd degree chemical burns on my leg, now it is doing something strange, why? I ve slipped disks since 4 yrs I dont have leg numbness but back pain.Does slip disks transform into cancer in long run Im 70 years old and my skin has been really flaky since around the summer time. Does severe pain at site of minor leg injury (bruised from fall) indicate existing clotting has become a concern? 92 year female. Scratching, wringing hands, rubbing legs and arms, crying sounds without tears. Emotional no sleep will dehydration cause you skin to look blue I have been diagnosed with neuropathy in my legs but am not diabetic. It is slowly progressing up my legs, Any ideas? My 15mo son walks and plays normally then will suddenly have an issue with leg. Won't put any weight on it. CAN B 12 CAUSE LEG CRAMPS ? I have a herniated disc at C5/C6 I have horrible pain associated with weakness, and tingling in arms? what do I do? Once skin is broken, how long does it generally take for a Staph infection to occur if not cleaned properly? i dont exercise because my legs and feet hurt so bad, what can i do to fix this ?" could vericose veins cause me to wake with an intense burning sensation in that area I am having a sharp spasm like pain in the back of my left leg about 5 inches above the knee. Should I be concerned. How can I reduce the pain in my hips from an old injury? Cat scratched me on lower leg, it is red, swollen and hot.  low white blood cells,low sugar, low blood pressure ,fatigue and a feeling of cold inside legs Husband's ACL and meniscus in right knee are tore. I need some ab exercises he can do without moving his legs, please. Can a Methylprednisolone injection in the spine cause muscle spasms? Severe itching/numbness over right side of body. Any advice?  What do I do about flashes of pain in my hips and legs? Most noticeable at night. Severe enough to keep me awake. The last few days I've had leg fatigue/pain in my thighs, mostly at night but today, it lasted it all day.  I have end stage Osteoarthritis in my left hip and an amputated right leg. I need a replacement hip and advice please. Can back injury make my muscles sore? what causes rt leg pain tingling twitching numbness, thrashing when in one position too long/ Is Requip the only treat? my lowr leg tendon will draw up in the mid of the night causing my big toe and frnt ankl area to draw up. Have to walk  Would like to hear more about Post-Polio Syvdrome. Do you have more info? been experiencing severe itching all over body My left leg has a very deep acheing pain that hurts worse when I try to walk. It almost feels like my bone will break what can i do for a boil or cysts on the inner side of my leg? electric shock in leg my mother has been told to quit taking nsaids, specifically alieve and advil. Can she take buffered aspirin for pain? why do my legs give out in the morning? what is the treatment for nerve pain in knee and leg? HUSBAND HAS SWELLING IN HIS ENTIRE LEGS AND HANDS AND HAS PAIN AND SEE BELOW.  Had laporscopy surgery 3 weks ago have warmnes in both legs a circle on low belly bruise color -inside skin color help? There is a really sore and swollen area between my right testicle and leg. Is it a hernia? Syphillis? Cancer? I always get severe muscle pull in my thighs or lega during sexual intercourse. I am getting leg and foot pain after standing for a long period of time skin tender to the touch, but no visible evidence. lasting 1-2 days then moving to another area. my granddaughter has to have a gluton free diet what can i feed her? Can the rash from shingles be on two legs? Right leg has few scabs but MANY more on left leg.Is doctor visit necessary? Can a skin rash or infection last for months? Why would a rash on my leg be warmer than the rest of my leg? I FELL AND HAVE PAIN IN MY HIP, KNEE AND ANKLE AS WELL AS MY LOW BACK. HOW LONG SHOULD I WAIT TO SEEK MEDICAL ATTENTION? I have constant rectal pressure and numbess in my legs and feet?? I have leg sores and diabetes. I am not sure what to do. pain from healed broken femur with hole in muscle Have I dislocated my knee?  sudden onset of numbness in arms and legs, 56 y/o male, history of diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure when i sit reclined back or lie down on my back or on my right side my leg goes numb from the hip down and causes cramps the last 2 days i have been dizzy,headach,and unbalance. when i walk i loss control of my (left) legs,weak, ,nausea. what does it mean if you have a headache your legs feel weird you're light headed and tired with a high pulse? My son has bug bites on his shoulders, back and diaper area, there round, red and itchy?  i have had coin sized lump under the skin on my lower outer thigh for a couple months. Feel rush of small pain up leg.  Im having pain in my chest, throat, neck and sometimes below my ears. It radiates from place to place. Any suggestions? Possible causes of leg cramps both or one leg from ankle to below knee outside of leg during sleep. Does pickle juice really help with muscle craps? And if it does, why? Is it common for my 6 year old daughter to have "charlie horses" in her calves at night? Her diet is pretty healthy. When I sit on the floor and try to touch my toes, my back hardly bends.  herniated disk: what is alternative to surgery? which of the 2 would be more beneficial in diagnosis, xray or mri? Two months ago I started having some severe pain where my right leg meets my hip. Its back again. What could it be? Does Periphial Neuropathy cause leg cramps? Can painful nerve endings with itching down the back of your leg be a result of an outbreak of genital herpes? 77 year old male sufering from pain in joint in legs what injury would cause pain in the knee but bruising halfway down calf and below ankle on inner right leg? after leg stent surgery. how long to recover.  pain in left groin area and can't lift left leg in mornings to put shorts on should i quit taking ambilify cold turkey. pain is almost unbarable arms hurt so bad , but realy deep ache I have been tested for lymes but fear I still have it ? what would cause my leg to discolor, swell, and skin be so tight and soar wife has blood clot in leg and taking shots for this and has leg elavated but still has pain in leg. what else can we do How painful is a leg amputation below the knee,the surgery and rehab? What is causing the calf muscle pain that happens only when I stand up,I am currently up to six days of watery diarrhea? My whole body aches for a couple of weeks, no fever, hands/fingers joints ache,not sick though Can prednisone 100 mg tablets cause mouth sores ? They were prescibed by GP for my elderly father's leg pain. Why does my wife get sexually aroused at night without stimulation? This only occurs since she's become pregnant. My Legs fall asleep quickly when i sit down and my feet are numb in places constantly My mom has muscle pain on the back of her legs, and sharp pains in her shins if touched. Would a blood clot cause this? I have severe pain from knee down swelling and unexplained bruises on leg and my feet are like ice all the time Is this an STD? I have pain in my knee under the knee cap, the back of my knee and my thigh is this just arthritis? my husband just had surgetry done on his legs to get 2 big masses off now he is short breath, dizzy, rapid heart beat 50 yr female over weight smoker recently started having deep indentions in my lower leg above the ankle from my socks , Started working my legs are swelling I am on high-blood medications Mild numbness in my lower right leg only. No health problems, woke up three days ago with it. No tingling. possible cause of a severe headache with radiating lower back pain Left Shoulder made a small pop/ grind when lifting weights My feet, ankles, legs, hands, and face are swelling. I do take BP med but my BP and heart rate have both been very high. can internal hemorrhoids cause back and leg pain Can a woman have sympathy pain for another woman who is menstruating? something at the top of my leg at the glute/groin popped and now i can hardly walk. What happened? can internal hemorrhoids cause leg and back pain I have hyperreflexia.Vision is dark and everything scrolls by. I "lose my legs", can't walk, legs tremble for hours What is wrong with my knee? how can i make myself sweat? what vitamin or herbs help restless leg syndrome? My 12 yr old son has multiple bruises on his left leg only and doesn't recall bumping into anything. What should I do? just recently when I ate fish within a few hours I had very strong vomiting and diarrhea, my arms and legs were tinglely I have a rash on my ankle. I have had it for 4 months, my doctor thinks its from tiny fish. Some kind of bacteria, help! Is there an online doctor that would look at my birthmark on my leg to see if i can get it removed? don't think this is the correct spelling for this but it sounds like plancus likcus Chronic pain in upper part of right leg, basically around the joint area where the leg comes together with the buttock? I have lost about 60 pounds and my skin seems loose. I've been walking and swimming. What can I do? I have a skin tear that starts at my rectum and goes up between my legs to my lower back.  how much does a toe to knee foberglass leg cast weight? 20 Year old male. Can I take hormones (Estrogen) without losing penile function? what cause lumps on a baby's leg I am 21, I have a foot and ankle that is swollen. It been swollen every since 2007 and never went down. HELP ME PLEASE! what is the best pain and other management for severe arthritis of the spine? What causes a burning pain in the inside of my left knee? what brings on a panic attack I'VE BEEN IN PAIN WITH MY LEGS GOING DOWN TO MY FEET WHAT CAN I DO OR WHAT CAUSES THIS PAIN Is bruising on diff locations ie: legs,arms now chest cause for concern? I do not take blood thinners didn't bump area. Can melanoma spread after being cut?  The total knee replacement I had one year ago failed, why? Mysterious Numbness  can you lose weight and have diarrhea while having an ovarian cyst? I was bitten by 4 ticks in the stomach-legs area. They were on me for 2~4 hours. Should I be concerned. (I removed them) swollen and bruised left foot, no injuries Why does my legs get numb from my back pain in the L-3, L-4, L-5 and S-1 region? I have lump in the soft tissue of my left leg about 1 inch above my ankle  The rotation of my left foot causes a major pain in the side of my foot, ankle, and runs up the outside of my leg.  I've had chronic, tight leg pain for almost a year, when sitting or lying down, and no luck finding a diagnosis. Help? Sex on 4th May, period due on 25th. No symptom in between. Heavy/light cramping after 25th to 30th. 9th june,no period. cough, feeling cold, shuddering, sore throat, snot, headache, and sore legs? (also, swollen bumps in the back of throat) i need to know whats wrong with my friend, please help. What to do to mosquito bites if they've stayed for over a month and have swelled? Brown spots on lower legs ?? My 2yr old has hard white/skin colored bumps on his chest arm leg groin area  I have a spot on my leg that is leaking a clear fluid. No cut or anything prior to the leaking starting. I scraped my leg on a rusty part of a fence and haven't had a tetanus shot in over 10 years, should I get the shot? does heart diesease qualify for disability can having Varicocele make my testicle pull up higher than normal when standing Why do I sometimes feel as if I'm not alive? I lose my grip on reality. No feel of surroundings but I can see them. what causes yellow skin?  what causes yellow skin?  Shiny Red sores on outer Labia (line running from top to bottom), had for 3 years - now 17 Yrs old. what causes swelling in one ankle and lower leg in 93 year old woman and what specialist should she see? Just had cast removed from broken ankle. More ankle/leg/ foot pain that before. Any exercises without going to PT? can exercise cause random muscle twitching? my husband has a red itchy painful rash all over him and now has swollen ankles hes a heavy drinker what could be wrong. Had pox in my 30's, now 43 and have something similar.Not localized in one patch. Can shingles be more spread out? Pain all over my body, and it's just getting worse... what is wrong? I have a red bump on the shaft of my penis. I'm scared it might be herpes as I have recently had sex with a new partner I have pinched nerve in my lower back sending pain down my leg. how can a fix this? i have lower back pain,pain in legs and feet.what could it be? Can Osteoarthritis in back cause pain in my lft gluteal muscle into hip joint down frnt thigh and not be able to walk? why does the least amt of pressure cause my forearms and lower legs to get blood pooling under the skin/ skin tears I jump up when in bed, I'm not asleep yet, but feel like I'm falling, heart races, feels like I'm being shocked I'm 18 with chronic lower back pains, this can't be normal, can it? I have weakness and tingling and a feeling of lazyness in my right side (arm, leg, face) What does trembling/ shaking of the legs during or after sex mean? My son has a bulge on his leg across from his penis that hurts to gently touch. Any ideas what this might be? WHAT ARE THE SYMPTOMS OF MS. Fell from a tree and experiencing back pain and cannot put weight on one leg, is it bruised or broken? If the condom did not break what are the chances of still becoming pregnant? I have itchy bumps on skin and itchy eyes in the summer. What could this be? How much longer until my nicked achilles tendon heals? I get hives all over my legs, it only happens at night, they itch and slowly spread to my back and hands. Is shin splint trauma located in the front or back of the leg? what is causing my babies face, arms, legs and feet to turn purple? I'm over wght/carrying most between my knees and waist. My legs look like cottage cheese/bumps what causes that? what cause extreme water gain what could be the cause of no symptom incontinence? what is numbness in thigh with sparadic sharp pains how to to splint a dogs back leg? and what can i give him for pain? what causes swollen legs and feet Sunburn I've had post-menopausal bleeding, blood-tinged vaginal discharge and pelvic discomfort for 6 months. Any thoughts? what causes leg cramps so severe to pass out My daughter broke her leg 6 months ago. we just noticed that her leg has a bigger bumb than usually..like it's swollen?? Bug bite causing pain on my thigh, what can I do? Can dehydration cause sagging skin?  After lying down or sitting for a while I get up and my feet and legs hurt and its hard to walk for a few minutes. Is it possible to faint or pass out during sex? Can immobilization of right leg from pilon fracture cause pain in lower right abdomen since I have lack of movement? i have PAIN in my left leg,swelling,below knee, test in ER came back positive for blood clots, should i be concerned??  i have PAIN in my left leg,swelling,below knee, test in ER came back positive for blood clots, should i be concerned?? I have a bruised bone from a car accident I was in more than 10 years ago. How long-term are these injuries typically? Does hypothyroid cause pain in legs and hands? I have heard of women "ripping" during childbirth, but is it possible to "rip" during sex? I have severe back pain that is now radiating down my right leg.  Took 3 500 mg hydros 1yr ago they took hair off my leg will I fail hair drug test? What can cause a 16 yr old to have numbness in leg? CT scan normal, bloodwork normal, no blockage either. What kind of surgery would you have for a pinched nerve in your leg my face, chest, back, arm and legs (sometimes) turn red or patches of red when i drink "sometimes". Can my left leg limping cause my right hip pain? what causes your legs to swell just before u start your period My Mom is 57 years old. She cant walk for over 22 years. She's paraplegic. Is there any chance she walk again.?Thank you I take bentyl for stomach cramping and connection between that and leg cramps?  What kind of knee problem could I have? I am experiencing severe pain in both legs that start behind the knees and radiate down to my feet. It's very painful When I sleep, my legs appear to be running. What causes this?  Is acupuncture a viable, and safe, option for relieving leg edema? My legs and Head are really very tingly. I also feel cold in my legs and around my body what causes leg cramps so severe my muscles feel like a rope twisting The insect bite causing lymph node swelling Looking for answers from someone who sees more than just one symptom, abdominal cramping, missed periods, swollen leg... i have pins and needles for a week now in my left foot, i have had back pain for a month which has shifted to left thigh I have severe left leg pain, worse at night when I first lie down.  why cant i get comfortable, fall asleep, or stay asleep I low level laser therapy for bad cirrculation in legs covered if it has been reccomended by primary physician? what foods to avoid with exema? Having pain around knees, on the side that seems to run down leg some. Gets worse at night.  can hypothyroidism cause restless legs Im 20 weeks pregnant and im having bad back pains on the lower right side above my hip should I be worried? 58 yr man had fatigue, pain in legs and ringing in ears. heart valve replace. did great. still haviing the pain.no help For the past five months, I have had multiple bruises appearing on my body yet there has been no physical trauma. I have sores breaking out all over my body. What could this be? my husband had ballons and stents in his legs. do the stents clog up after a while? is dry skin common during pregnancy? Had spinal fusion surg. in July. No more pain but can't regain leg strength with recomend exercises. any suggestions? pap smear test painful Why did the Podiatrist give me a full leg air cast for mild turf toe? I had an ace bandage on my leg for awhile and now have tingling in my toes and a swollen ankle. What should I do? daily symptoms itching all over, hiccups 4 times, gas, achy joints,night tingling legs feet up to vigina. whats wrong left thigh leg pain from roller derby breast sore,leg cramps,weight gain,constapion,heart burn,46 years old took test it was negative any feed back? I spilled Ramen Noodles down my lower leg and foot, should i see a doctor? could cramping be a sign of muscular dystrophy, polio or other mucsle disease? how do I cope with withdrawal symptoms of vicodin.  can i get pregnant if he fingered me with very wet cum fingers, right after getting off on my leg close to my vagina Non-itchy raised bumps at leg with central dimple. viral or fungal?bug bite? my 2yr old son burned his leg with hotwater it started to blister can I treat this at home or I take him to the ER? What is treatment for Orchitis? Will I need surgery. I am experiencing electrical shocks in both my arms and legs at the same time. are there any REM or nonREM that would cause the sleeper to seam as if they were masturbating but not touching themself? What could cause year round severely chapped lips and fungal skin infections?  I have Scoliosis and now suffer from right side lower back/upper leg pain after long physical labor. i have a boil on my left leg i try to sqzze it turns black abd blue usw a needle just blood come out My 5 year old has lots of bumps that itch all over his feet up to his knees Is my recovery from knee replacement surgery typical? I have darkened my face, arms, and legs after years of sports, without sun protection. How do I/could I bleach my skin? loss of balance, weak legs  My doctor says it is sciatic that is causing the pain in my lower back testicals and leg is the nerve damaged? Pulmonary Embolism or Panic attack? I have a circular skin rash that appeared a month or 2 ago. how do you know if the severe pain in the groin is a problem from a hip replacement seven years ago I have sudden tremors, nausia, frequent urination. What could be the problem? I am 8 mos pregnant and have a shooting pain from my left hip up my neck. Does this has anything to do with early labor? Extreme muscle fatigue, feeling of muscle strains without exertion balance issues, can go from normal to bad in 24 hours My husband has had pain starting in his right leg, then it moved to his left. It then moved to one shoulder then other. IS IT NORMAL FOR MY BABY BOY TO HUMP MY LEG OR HIS CRIB HIS ONLY 14MNTS can low iron levels cause muscle cramping? I had knee replacement in Nov. Now 2 months+ later I am still feeling leg pain. How can I tell if my cat's limping is temporary or a sign of something more serious? im desparet to break my leg and i realy want cruches plz help me what does it mean when you have a white line traveling up your leg? pl z im crying i want to break my leg that bad plz give me a qwick and easy way to break my leg or ankle I had infection in left upper leg if antibiotics were needed. No idea where in fection came from. What can cause two people in diffrent rooms in the house to suffer cramps in both of their right legs at the same time? Pain during intercourse. A sharp jolt of pain shoots clear down my leg and throughout lower back. my son was given penicillin after his gf had prenatal ck up. GF had discharge something in iv dur. labor. what for? Cure for Neuropathy Can a cortozone shot cause an allergic reaction and if yes, what kind? I have been bleeding for a year. Will progesterone reverse my cycle? Scared to take it again because its wat started it? Should she go to the ER now? Leg Pain What specialist do I go to for chronic leg cramps? IM having a lot of issues latley and im not sure if its serious or if its stress related. is there something wrong? does having surgery really help URGENT PLEASE HELP friend fell on previously stress fractured shin.  What should I do about my hair problem? My neurosurgeon says I need surgery for a ruptured disc. Will this heal on its own in time? how did my 1 year old get scabbies? he is not in day care Broken fibula 5 months ago and finally had surgery and autograft. Docs said ok to put weight after 2wks surg is this ok. Sharp pain in the middle of my lower back? Diareah 15 hr back stomach leg cramps right side mostly, bloating in upper right stomach every 15 minutes with vomiting What happens if a broken leg is not ever set in a cast ?  i have sharp pain from my vagina shooting down my leg.. what could be wrong? my lower back hurts too. had surgery almost a year ago and im still have problems what should i do? Will weed show in a follicle test 2 years after the last time its been used? The sample was taken from my leg. when i prick my ankle with pin only clear liguid comes out is that from neurapathy or in fection had other amputated I have a small bruise on my lower leg, above the ankle, warm to touch and is swollen only where bruise is. Can Cellulitis in a leg, from years ago, ultimately cause or contribute to Peripheral Neuropathy in the same leg? how can i tell if my leg is fractured or infected?  Can i get penis extended to pee correctly? I fell down stairs a wk ago. Now my legs feel like they are pulling hurtful when I move my foot. Is that normal? I keep getting pain in my hip when I sit to long or when I drive. Sometimes it shots down my leg.  Skin infection and rash after cat scratch on leg. Very painful and itchy. Rash is small raised red bumps that peel. Both of my lower legs, ankels and feet are EXTREMELY swollen. very painful numb and tingly. Red and blochy in color. What doctor should I see or what do you thinks wrong? Bruise that won't go away, dizziness, and sleepy Will flexeril help leg cramps? Why does a dark sun spot turn red and raised?  Can Varicose Veins be caused by an injury also? Is it normal to still have leg swelling almost a year after an injury? Shooting pain down leg (lower back spine sore on left side) I fell and hit my leg right below my knee. No swelling or bruising. Very painful if it is bumped. What could this be? swelling on legs and falling hair is any symptoms of liver probloms? had severe pain in my legs for more than 6 mos it went away for 2 or 3 mos now its back .what could that be?  Why do I bruise so easily? What can I do about it? What causes leg burning after a fall which essential oil can be used for itching on legs what to do about weekness after heart surgery When I lay down,sit or stand for a period of time, my back hurts really bad.. the pain goes to my legs as well. Why am I always hot/perspiring? what does it mean when your right side hurts and then it goes down to your leg I am feeling pain in legs from a week. Why can't I spread my legs with no pain can low potassium cause ressless leg syndrone? can a herniated disc also cause erection problems.  My husband has never had hair on his legs. Is there a medical reason? Why does a man need to remove hair from his chest and legs? what can i do for four bulging discs in my back without medication How do I find out what is biting me at night? can you get shingles down the back of your leg and bottom of your foot? What nerve causes pain that originates from the right buttocks, accross to the front right thigh downthe leg? I pulled a muscle in lower back, when walking my leg goes out. knee is very painfull when walking why does it feel like little bugs land on me but are not? small bump in skin fold? why would a dr do a doppler on the neck for poor leg circulation? Will a person with Sepsis be deied care because they are on Medicaid 38 yr male, little bit underweight,having pain in legs and lower back, numness hands at times also having ED lately,??? Does injected insulin cause burning and itching all over body especially legs and hips and what can be done about it? does getting sunburn while pregnant hurt the baby I wore Sketchers for days in a row and developed a bruise on leg (shin) and it hurts to touch (going on 1 month). My daughter has bruises on her leg from softball that will not go away that are 9 months old. What can we do? Can't sleep at night because my legs feel like they're still going. Constant twitching, burning and aching? How to fix severely dry skin? I bruise easily or for no reason. Why is this? Numerous bites on my lower legs from flies in the jungles of Costa Rica. Two months and the welts have not healed. How do I figure out what kind of Chronic Back Pain I have? What is the treatment of choice for car accident whiplash with symptoms or arm or leg pain I have a recurring abrasion on my leg with ongoing abcess beneath. I travel in Asia, and swim often in the Pacific. I have a hole in the crease of my leg near vagina, what is it? Can eczema be transmitted by blood transfusion. what happens when a bone graft must be done but afraid to have surgery What anti-depressants are known to have the side effect of Restless Leg Syndrome?  My moms dog smells really bad,it get into our clothing. She throws up and keeps her tail between her legs. is she dying Feet going numb after hit head. Numbness, tingling in legs and feet  3 days after sexual intercourse with my partner i began experiencing severe vaginal itching. Please advise Is there some nutrient missing that can be attributed to a person getting boils?  can a person travel in flight (FOR 2 HOURS)after 1 year of his heart surgery(CABG) and he is still taking his medicines Open wound with white stuf(not pus)f on right testicle. Please help Pregnant please help My skin has been itchy and i have a rash on my arms and legs whenever i scartch it , it turns into a big bump when i stretch my legs or my uper body i get severe pain like charlie horses i cant stretch at all due 2 pain back/legs I have a pain that goes from the leg joint to my ankle-what could it be? What causes itchy skin in the creases of your legs near your private parts?  I am a 40 year woman,a month and a half ago I began to have swelling in both of my legs from just below the knee down. I fell down stairs and bruised my hip/thigh on Tuesday. Today the foot on that leg is swollen. Should I see Dr? left leg artery 100% blocked I have pain in my legs from my knees down when I lay in bed at night. What could it be and what can I do? My daughter has red itchy mosquito like bumps on her ankles and legs below knee. Itch cream doesn't really help. Ideas? When can I begin lifting weights and working out? every time i do lunges, i get groin/leg injury in my thigh. should i get MRI can quiting smoking cause joint pain What can I do to releive the sciatic pain I have, especially first thing in the morning? I am prone to staph infections on my legs. I get them when I shave so I tried waxing and I still got one. What can I do? Can anyone help with pelvic/lower back problems Severe headache after using a male enhancement. After 2 days the headache included back pain and leg pain. Emergency? I have these sores like holes in my leg and it itches ive been put on 3 different antibiotics and its still on my leg Can restless leg symptoms also affect my arms? I may need knee replacement surgery soon. I have always been quite bowed legged. Will the procedure straighten my legs? What cause legs cramps when you are swimming how can i increase blood circulation, especially in my legs. is there a way, through exercise or diet? Since i was 12, i've been contact sensitive to water. The pain is immense and i never got it checked out. Should i? I was bit by an insect on my calf but I don't know what bit me and whether or not I should be concerned. i have leg pain thats excruciating, i had a trauma crushing my leg on concrete being thrown in a pool what do i do can i get humira over the counter? If not, then how? My 80 year old mother's left leg is swollen from her thigh to her foot however, she claims not to have any pain? throat spasms in conjunction with underarm spasms Why are my joints making so many different noises and aching? I have been getting tiny bite-like scabs on my arms and legs for a few weeks. Found no signs of bed bugs on bed. Does ACL tear cause pain in lower leg and feet? Does arthritis travel from back to leg?  My husband thought he had a mosquito bite on leg, touched it and it popped. clear liquid, cleaned, covered. wont heal. Constipation for 30 days. Bruising all overs legs and arms. Lost 35 pounds, unintentional. Nosebleeds daily. Can a vitamin d level of 10 cause fatigue leg pain and leg weakness? I have pain in the groin area on the right side and sharp shooting pains down my leg. What could that be? I have deep throbbing pain in my hips, I am 36 and have gone through a hysterectomy 3 years ago, would this be a cause? edema with painful sores I have Crohn's disease. Recently I developed painful neuropathy on my left side. Any connection to Crohn's? Ingrown hair on my legs Is neck pain common with cellutis in the leg Could muscle spasms cause sciatica How common is it for the legs of a 19-year-old male to still grow an inch or two? suddenly my left leg is twice the size of my right leg I'm diabetic and have slept on my left side for appx 5 years  Can patellar tendonitis cause restless leg syndrome? What can I do for my bow legs as a 16 year old girl? can cats cause psoriasis What is causing severe pain in the back of my thigh (hamstring area)? I have excessive swelling and discoloration of my legs and feet. Have cirrhosis. What does this mean? Sciatica  My right leg feels heavy, some blue coloring in spots, and both of my ankles are swollen. possible causes? Lower back pain and in the back of my thighs and butt? my dog has what looks like a bite of something in her front left leg. how can i treat this so it doesnt get infected?  Can patients with Parkinson's get cancer?  how long does sperm stay active in the body Had a virus 7 days ago that caused elevated blood test results. Feel fine now. Is a beer okay? i got a scratch from a rusty radator and today the other side of my leg is tender to touch and painful to touch? I need to know if my self-harm wound is infected and if what I'm feeling is normal for only 24hrs after I did it. When taking Diuretics (to eliminate edema) such as Furosemide or Spironolactone, how much water should be consumed ? Have a purple/black bump on my leg with a hole in it with something white inside, how do I tell if its a worm? Lower half of lower leg has red spots and is very tender? had unprotexted sex about a year ago no bumps or anything pain in tip of penis and down left inner leg ED and hard flaccid 5 months I HAVE RESTLESS LEG SYNDROM- A CONSTANT URGE TO STRETCH MY ANKLE, LEG AND BUTTOCK. A RESULT OF VIT DEFICIENCY? Can stress cause limb weakness? Bizzare reddish-purple sunburn with spotting on leg What can cause severe leg cramps and night sweats? It seems I have a very sore and itchy thigh and calfs, mainly at night. Seems to be caused by heat. CAN ANEMIA CAUSE LEG CRAMPS Massive knee pain, cannot move leg without pain. popping noise from behind knee when straightenened I bruise very easly what kind of supplements could I take to help prevent brusing? fell on my leg a week ago and it's still bruised and swollen a week later do plums have potassium? Can stretching of the legs during ballet and exercise increase the size of vaginal openings in a nine year old girl? Are there any home remedy creams to put near the vagina? CAN NEUROPATHY SPREAD FROM ONE ,LEG AND FOOT TO THE OTHER LEG AND FOOT Under my arms, on my legs, and in my pubic hair, I have multiple hairs in one pore/hair follicle. How can I cure this? what does it mean when you say something but are trying to say something else? I said apple but meant park  i can actually see a lump in my leg vein is this a blood clot im as 55 year old male with swollen lower legs and feet im short of breath and completley out of energy. help should you take a diuretic when taking chemo I have been having sever knee pain for awhile now. If I bend it, it makes a popping noise and is very painful. HELP! Can you get Genital Herpes AROUND the scrotum area? (Example-Under the scrotum, near upper leg area) Right Knee Pain can poor circlation in legs cause extreme swelling in feet and lower portion of legs. is this dangerous What can cause a vibration in leg every 5 seconds for several days? It is NOT visible from outer leg.  Feet and occasionally legs are going numb. Should I seek medical attention. what could cause the pain in my right hip when i walk it hurts the top of me leg down to my knee when i touch it?  Knee Pain while taking Naproxen  I get severe cramping in my hands and feet almost daily, I am a African-American male 67 years old , is this a stroke? I am having leg swelling when i am inactive or when i do particular swim strokes and it goes off by next day morning. My question is on as to whether or not I should seek medical assitance read the additional details for the question. I have dull pain in my lower leg while sitting. had/have a fractured fibula. cast for 12weeks and its been off for 2. Why am I not losing Inches? Cause and Cure for lower leg cramps? My mom can't take bld thinners to prevent her getting clots due to a hematoma. Are there natural ways to prevent them? I have constant back pain every day but mri and EMG came back fine. So what could be wrong with me? My wife is on oxy for pain. She is abusing the med. How can I get her off? What other med. can she take?  