How are breast lumps evaluated? My son got hit in the head with a baseball. There is no lump but he complains of headaches. How long will this last? While having sex, I felt a hard painful snap inside my penis halfway up. A hard elongated lump is now there. What is it? round lumps in the palm of hand under the skin belly button popped out. lump has appeared above belly button, sometimes pain sometimes not. gets hard sometimes How do you know if a lump on your breast that emits white liquid like a zit occasionaly is serious or not? i have a big lump on my lower right side of my lip what could it be? I got a tattoo on my forearm and a hard lump formed under my skin.It was painful but not any longer.What is it? got a flu shot now theres a large hard lump where thet gave me the flu shot is this bad  Still have a painful lump on shin bone, a month after hitting it. on my forhead i have a quarter size lump that itches. it looks like a bruise but i didnt hit my head on anything Have I grown out of my Allergy to egg? A couple weeks ago I noticed i had a lump on my neck, its relatively solid and hurts when pressure is applied Why does my 8 year old have a lump under the skin and above each nipple, and hurts bad? Is this normal in puberty? large painful lump on back of the neck by spine small soft dime sizelump on side of knee could this be a blood clot also had pain when deep breaths I have all the symptoms of hypothyrodisim and it runs in my family but I also have very tender breasts. Is that normal? mild pain or aching of right testicle localized where all the strings attach to testicle, intermittent for two years now My right eye has been red and hurting for 4 days now. I also have a small yellowish lump on my sclera. What is it? I have two large lumps on the outside of my knee - one above and one below. The one above is extremely painful. If I found a lump in my breast, had a biopsy and found it was a benign fibroadenoma, how often should I have it checked? Teen with breast lump. Ingrown hair or STD?  I have a ball / lump in my throat, just under ear and jaw bone, if i move it, or push on it, it hurts. What is this? I got a bumps or some hard lump on back of my ear,can any one say me what is that? FELL IN TUB, HIT LEFT MORE UPPER PART OF MY HEAD REAL HARD BIG LUMP.CAN THIS CAUSE BLOOD CLOT TO FORM IN MY HEAD/BRAIN? I had a cyst (?) on my pubic area so I tried to pop it with a thumb tack and now there is a hole. What should I do? Is it normal to have a sty for more than a year? i have 4 swollen lymph nodes does that mean hiv? even if i tested negarive after a year of unproctected sex? plz help My brother in law accidentlty poked his hand with a jack knife. It bled and now he has a lump where he got poked.  i can feel a lump on my stomach to the left of my bellybutton. its not a muscle. is it an organ ir could it be cancer i can feel a lump on my stomach to the left of my bellybutton. its not a muscle. is it an organ ir could it be cancer My husband has 3 lumps under his skin...armpit, arm and lower back...all are about 1 inch in diameter...what is this? 12 year old son has lump, pain, and clear fluid(when squeezed) in the right nipple.  i have a lump on my vagina that came back after it went away for a week it came back alot more painful and alot bigger have an egg lump on bottom scotum and feels heavy on left side is very swollen and slitly painfull Im 65 Rash on shoulder that moved to neck, left side and now a lump/swelling in front of neck. What could be the cause? What do i do with the lump on my breast and i am a 14 year old? Hi my husband has a lump on his head that has been there for 2 weeks and now has a lump under his armpit My nephew has a lump in his armpit. If it was cancerous would it hurt when touched? have lump on gums that doesnt go away,stays full of pus stays red and swollen,can be painful what is this? Lump of fluid on my ear, do I have cauliflower ear? I found lumps on my left testicle what could this mean? . Do I have a yeast infection or an STD? 33 year old male. Lump below jaw. Recurring staff infections on hands and feet. Significant loss in weight. i have a hard lump in my left nostril on the wall between nostrils. should i be concerned? 7 year having trouble moving his bowels is chalazion contagious i have a small lump just underneath the surface of my skin. its like a hard marble, it is not painful. what is it? I have pain in my throat, but only when I swallow. It feels like a lump above my adam's apple. What could it be? Three months ago a lump started forming inside my right testicle. Coughing and sneezing cause extreme pain. Is it cancer Hard lump on finger bone just past first joint on left hand. It is making area around the bump sore. Any ideas?  i have had coin sized lump under the skin on my lower outer thigh for a couple months. Feel rush of small pain up leg.  My husbands urologist wants him to have a prostate biopsy. He has no lumps. PSA was 1.8. Is this biopsy necessary? I hit my head and now it is really swollen After blood was drawn from arm last week, I now have a pea sized lump in my arm that radiates pain when touched? Help I was checking my husband's testicles and I felt a peanut size lump above his left testicle not sure if we should worry? 21 days of diarrhea, mod-sev ab pain, head ache, fever and nausea.. today a "lump" in upper right/middle abdomen. Help? lump in submandibular gland. bled this am. brown spot on whartons duct. Painful Lump in the armpit - is it cancerous or common? I am a male who has a hard lump behind my nipple that only hurts when it is touched and wondering what it could be? Besides tender swollen lymph node in neck, also have lump in front of ear. Presently on clyndamycin. Possible causes? Is it normal for my baby to have a small lump on the side of his head? I found a lump under the skin near my clitoris, slightly larger than a jelly bean. What could it possibly be? i have had a large hard lump on my testicle for many years. it has tripled in size since i first discovered it. it hurts My 14 yr old has a large lump behind her right ear. Painful. I believe it is a lymph node. What are possibilities? Lump/Bump on the outside of my foot. ihave pin like holes in left breast and a lump under my left arm I have a large, very painful lump under my eyelid that has been moving and growing for about a month now. What is this? I have two small lumps under my chin that vary in size. One is on the left side and the other on right side. I have one hard lump with white pus and a few tiny blisters at waistline. Herpes or abscess or something else?  I have a small lump between my butt and my vigina. Is that normal?  i have been having a swelling type of feeling in my throat.i can eat,drink and breath ok.what could be causeing it??? I found a lump on my breast in the spot where my boyfriend bit me, could the lump be in relation to the bite? what cause lumps on a baby's leg Have hard growing lump in upper arm, between bicep and shoulder, hard and only hurts if pressed on, what is it? bilaturial swelling in lower jaw. Painful to touch. Nothing to do with teeth cause I haven't had none in yrs. I have a large lump at the back of my vagina, it is long and round with a hole in the top of it. is it a cyst? Lump on my anus? What is this lump on my eyelid? a few days ago I punched a wall and now my hand is really swollen and am in a lot of pain. I have lump in the soft tissue of my left leg about 1 inch above my ankle  When should I be concerned about a strange bruise? Chronic ear pain, sore throat, and a larynx lump all on the left side of body. Thoughts, anyone? 47 and have a painless hard lump below my left knee that came 2 days ago.I have a ligament tear on that knee.What is it? Is it possible to sit and walk with a hip fracture from a fall? the right side of my tongue swelled up to about twice the size ive taken two benadryl with no change any suggestions? Stinging under nipple? I have a lump under my left breast, my breasts are not big at all, or discolored/discharge. I'm 16 years of age I'M 57, COULD I STILL HAVE WISDOM TEETH What is this lump on my wrist? it has gotten bigger the last 2 months and hurts when pressure is applied Painless lump in armpit what is the lump on the left side of my head behind my ear? it feels like it is full of cartilage. I had sex about 12 hours ago and I'm noticing a small patch of skin with redness, in blotches, but no pain nor pus After 7 months of Antibs I now have pussing, painful lumps that scab and spread, on scalp. Is Cipro safe with MS ? Lump on urethra opening and occassional discharge from urethra i have a lump in my right breast that keeps disappearing and reapearing Is this a cyst??? Why does it seem to be spreading?  Large lump on the base of the right testicle which comes and goes My doctor gave me a referral to get a breast exam but I cannot afford it? I'm only 22, where can I get it for free? What is happening to my scar? Does Menstruation affect a mammogram? Lump on inner thigh midway between groin and knee, very old (4-5 yrs), recently causes pain and grew a bit. 25Yrs Old. I have a small, soft "lump" on the inside of my cheek.. close to molars and same color as my skin. Should I worry? PAIN IN NECK/THROAT Had open heart surgery last monthThere is a hard lump on right side where sturnmum meets 4th rib Pains only on movement I'm having terrible ear and neck pain, chest pains, and I have a lump in my left breast. What could this mean?  Pea size lump inside head of penis I have a lump on my buttock that turned black Always have a lump in my throat I have a small lump on the opening of my anus? my 13 yrs old son has a lump on left breast near the nipple area and it is causing a lot of pain what should i did What type of doctor should I see to get a diagnosis for a lump under the tongue? Puffy dried out black lump, is it melanoma?? my 23 YO son developed a 2 inch lump at the base of the skull just above the hairline. if you had breast cancer when you where13 can you get it again lump in armit and top of breast 55 year old male. After bending all day at work, get burning and itching in groin. No swelling or lumps. Female upper thigh bump why wont doctors do what i ask 5 months after bilateral grommets, still in agony! what if you feel the calcifications in the breast or pea size lumps  I've had a hard white lump on my clitoris for a few years but it suddenly became swollen and painful,what could this be? How do you treat a gangleon cisc on the wrist.  Painful lump in the armpit under the skin. I squeezed it and pus came out then 2 small black ball like things came out. i have a small dull ache in my left testicle after i masturbated too much small painful to touch lump next the penis side of my anus hole. only noticed yesterday I have a lump at the near end of my virginal area. It's not a blister,but it hurts.  blister on viginal area I have a lump about the size of a gumbball inside my penis and couldnt find anything on this. lump near hemmoroid but near vaginal area small lump under the skin of perineum Exercise related deltoid lump, feels like fluid. no pain, should it be drained? found a lump next to my clitors itchy then sore. i am a vergine what is it When I urinated the other day, and big lump of something came out, it looked like thick mucus or something. Thank you  Red spots on penis and scrotum.  Worried I have lymphoma i have a tiny blood lump at the end of my spine where the butt crack is. soft, red, pulsing. smells like poo what is it? What is eczema of the eyeball? I have a large golf ball size lump under the skin on my clitoris and it has misshaped my clitoris. What could this be. I have a lump on the lower back of my head. Its gotten bigger, hurts and is hard. Any ideas whatit could be? Can scar tissue move? I have a lump on the roof of my mouth its hard it has been there for a while Should in grown hair's have red bump with white discharge with blood following it? I have a lump on my inner thigh near my bikini line, abnormal in shape and painful. What is it? found a lump behind my ear thats quite painfull when i touch it. Its not a pimple. what can it be? excessive brown pus and blood from belly button along with a large lump inside belly button. extremely painful What is going on with my gums? Shiftable Brest lump after miscarriage I have a lil lumb over my anus? Large lump on the vaginal lips  I have a lump on my left hand and my right foot that are painful. I have a lump/bump on my nut sack. What is it and What should I do? What should I do if I find a lump on my nut sack So I have this hard lump in my breast and I'm not sure what it could be? I hit my tricep and after 2 months the lump is still there, should I be concerned? Can a mammogram detect whether a lump found in the breast of a male is fat cells or a tumor? I was in the shower and found a lump in my right breast bleeding from nipple is it cancer I'm a 21 year old Male. I've recently found a small sized lump near my armpit, could it be cancer? Lately going #2 is quite painful for me and I have a white lump at the opening of my anus. why would a doctor ask a male patient if his sisters and mother were tested for the gene that causes breast cancer? found a hard long lump on the top of breast going toward the arm pit. what can this be? My breast has been itchy, red, swollen, tender and warm. I also have a new lump. Peasize lump under skin right near tragus very painful and tender what is it? stomach swollen and hair loss and lump on side of neck and extremly tired but no chance of pregnacy help please How to differentiate between lipoma and breast cancer or anyother condition that has the symptoms mentioned below What could a raised, very hard black bump on the inside of my labia majora be? I have recently noticed a couple of red lumps on the back of my throat. They don't hurt or anything. Please help!! I noticed a small lump in my armpit about a month ago. It has gotten larger and has become painful.  I woke up 4 days ago with a painful lump on my finger.Whole figer is swollen and hurts. Can it be staff or spider bite? Fell on knee. 1" petruding bump, or bulge just below knee cap. 2 weeks ago. mild pain. bad bruise? lump in chest I have a swore lump on my penis shaft, what is it and can it be removed? If it can be removed how? I have a lump that looks like a bruise, but it is filled with blood.it bleeds and will not heal. It on my butt/thigh. Pea sized lump above groin and to the right, where I feel a pulse. painful to touch, can move around a little bit I hit my ankle on the car after falling off the curb and twist it. can lumps from cholesterol be removed? I have a small lump on the back of my thigh its dark blue and it hurts I have a hard lump on my butt cheek and been running a fever at night for the past two nights. Would clindamycin help? I'm 25 years old I have pain in armpit are near breast where I found a pea size lump. Pain comes and goes. Swollen lymph nodes? what do lumps feel like?  I have a pea-sized lump on the head of my penis that does not itch or burn, so what could it be? I have sharp pain in my left breast. it began with pain under my armpits and then my breast. small sore lump near temple i want to know i slept on my left breast now it is sore on nipple felt a little knot or lump not sure which one it is. My breasts are always sore and a clear discharge comes out my nipples. Is this normal? What could cause lumps in your body, under the skin? I am a postmenopausal women experiencing very watery vaginal discharge with labia minora itchy bumps what is it? Can one have a hernia from too many c sections What can cause an infant boys scrotum to swell? how long do the symptoms of excessive masterbation last Ankle injury has resulted in lump on ankle, what treatment options would i have at home I have a fairly large painless singular lump located on my penis shaft that secretes clear fluid and ocassionally blood Lump in my armpit?! I have an abscess on my penis and have now developed a blister on the tip of my penis. Are the two related? lump on labia beside clitoris and a little bit higher then the clitoris I have a small, roughly pea sized lump on the upper side of my penis shaft. I am wondering if this is something serious? i can actually see a lump in my leg vein is this a blood clot i have have a small lump on my arm pit, could it be cancerous??? Hi I am a 28 year old female. I have had a pea sized lump near anus have had as long as can remember. Painless unchanged Hard lump in my armpit?  I have been having a pain in left nipple on occasion but no discharge. The nipple has become sensitive. I found a white lump near the entry of my anus. I found a white lump near the entry of my anus. Lump with small bumps on foreskin I am a 20 year old male and have a small lump under my left nipple. It has been there for about a month.  Hard immovable dark brown-black-ish pea sized lump on labia minora, left of clitoris. No pain, suddenly appeared. Ideas? I found a ball shaped lump on my left side above my vagina area what could it be? I just got the flu shot yesterday and my arm feels heavy fuzzy and sore,especially in shoulder joint. Is this normal?  can an untreated bladder infection cause herpes  weight loss and anxity I have a small lump on my penis, what is it? I have been with the same girl for 2 years almost and no problems.. DOES A BENIGN LUMP IN THE BREAST KEEP GROWING  