I am in my mid-twenties and masturbate four times a week. Could this cause the dripping that occurs after I urinate? Could my daily masturbatoin be contributing to my premature ejaculation? What is considered excessive masturbation? Can excessive masturbation lead to brain chemistry changes? Is impotence a normal at the age of 18? Can someone get pregnant if they use a toilet paper that have semen on it to wipe after peeing. Even during a period Can I pass on a STD from someone else touching my laptop after I masturbate? I am unable to achieve and substain an erection during sex. What are the main causes and solutions? Less masterbation? what parents can do when their 2 years old girl masturbates? I have CHF, HBP, and kidney disease, i cannot hold an erection during sexual intercourse Does masturbation and ejaculation stunts growth ? What nutrients do you lose when ejaculating or masterbating. Do you lose testerone ?. sexual health? how can I increase my semen (due to much masturbation)  If I stop masturbating will it cure delayed ejaculation? Is there something wrong if a man can't cum via oral sex or masturbation but can cum via intercourse? I Think My Urethra Ripped Open (Male) Hello, I cannot find any info concerning frequent erections, ie how to stop or slow them down.  i am a 15 yrs boy and masturbate daily since 2 years.what its ill-effects and solutions to stop it and recover damage is male masturbation beore 15 years harmful?  can over masturbation cause soreness and a odor on left inner thigh of a male My boyfriend had a UTI a few months ago and now has no sexual drive. What could be causing this? Taking more amino acid is good to cure the prolems caused by over-masturbation or make it worse? 18 year old guy, uncircumcised, virgin. My problem is that my penis gets swollen when I masturbate, well the outer skin. I became sexually aroused without relieving myself and now feel a dull pain in my left testicle, happened when 10 now 17 Lasting only a few minutes, I can feel happy, sad, then normal again. Is this a symptom of bipolar disorder? How often will I have this, now that I had experienced it for the first time? Masturbation problem. How to stop? Strong erection while sleeping but weak when I want it. Masturbating produces weak erction too. Flacid ejaculation. Why am I having trouble reaching orgasm? i am 47 and masturbating thrice a week any problem can hit me i'm married not able to ejaculate while having sex Penis "de-sensitized" by too much masterbation ?  how can I orgasm? Im almost 30 and have never had one My partner has herpes (anal). Is oral sex ok? is kissing with tongue ok? Is pleasiuring each other by masturbation ok? Can masturbation/ejaculation cause prostate cancer in teens? After my boyfriend masterbated last time he had a bright red discharge that he said was painful what would cause this? Can a person contract a Hepatitis A, B, or C from masturbating with a pair of 3-day-old used panties. Bumps IN my vagina? Penis head irritated LESS EJACULATION DURING MASTURBATION. IS IT I HAVE LESS SPERM PRODUCTION? What would cause a hard vein-like thing under the skin on the side of the shaft of my penis? can masturbation inhibit ejackulation in a vagina? Is porn healthy to watch to masturbate? is it normal and ok? does it affect your sexual arousil during intercourse? Penis blister? Want to know side effects of facedown mastrubation. I'm 16 i cannot retract my foreskin fully ovr my glans im nt cicmcised n any prob while intrcourse in future.any remedy? Does frequent and repeated cum denial hurt prostate? 22 years old and suddenly have less powerful ejaculations producing less ejaculate too my boyfriend didnt cum, but can he still pre cum? Can washing hands with water kill semen? I have a 12 month grandaughter who is masturbating. I am worried about sexual abuse. Issues in home with 3yr grandson. Can masturbating too much cause an erectile dysfunction, if so how can this be fixed? When I ejaculate, I feel myself cumming, but only a few yellow colored drops of cum actually come out. What could it be? it is bad to masturbate after exercise? I can only orgasm when I masturbate, but not when I am with my boyfriend, is there a way to fix that? Can my girlfriend be pregnant if we are both virgins? (No morning sickness and no symptoms) Is my girlfriend pregnant? Why I can masturbate only when my testicles are pressed? Is my girlfriend pregnant? Or should I stop stressing and worrying? i masturbated and i got off but now semen continues to slowly come out of penis. radiation treatment for prostate cancer and Lupon now taking ritlan to increase energy and my sex drive is excessive can excessive masturbation cause nervousness ive been masturbating with a razor for a while now and i missed my period last month, could something be wrong Im 15. After i masturbate my penis hurts and feels sore when i get an erection after. Im a virgin and tightly cicumcised Hi, I'm 16 and I have a ball inside my vagina it doesn't hurt and when I was masturbating blood came out When I took Prozac and most other anti-depressive drugs, I had an extremely strong compulsion to masturbate.  21male.I am addictive to masturbation since I was10.I need to know wether I am still available toPartner andHow to stop I have calcification of the prostate. Is it related to masturbation? My vagina doesn't lubricate itself and I can't orgasm. Should I see an obgyn? How do I fix myself? medication? Surgery? Tiny red bumps and patches on penis glans, tried a few different things to no avail. I am uncircumcised and due to frequent masturbation I have chronic pain, burning, tingling in the forsksin area.  Why am I having erotic dreams accompanied by nocturnal emissions? I'm a 23 year old female virgin, never had a boyfriend yet and since I'm catholic I'm wondering if it is wrong to.... After being rimmed I noticed blood on my underware and tissues when I whipped what are the chances of contracting hiv What to do if haven't had my period for 3 months and i am not pregnant? Is More Masturbating Effects On Sex Life Like decrease In Penis Size,Sprem count down,Thin Sized Penis, Early Ejaculatn? i had my penis in a sex sheath most of the day today. now i have puffy parts that aren't normally puffy. what is it? can you catch chlamydia from fingering someone? Is masturbation harmful if one has hypertension? I'm 34 and my free testosterone in 16 but my sex drive is high. I've anxiety and anger problems. What should I do? Could this cause pregnancy? Hper aroused, pelivic prolaps surgery 5 weeks ago, need to orgasm myself Now, safe Splotchy, rashy penis after masturbation My bellend is sore whenever i pull back my foreskin and start to masturbate... When my penis is ereceted,i can feel a small hard point, no pain no itch.Only when erected.Any idea of what might it be? am mustrbation last 10years to now my pines not get hard how Weird small blister looking thing on my penis. What is it? i have a small dull ache in my left testicle after i masturbated too much Is it safe to masturbate after testicular torsion surgery? my partner seams to be masturbating (breathing, thrusting) but he isnt touching himself, in his sleep plz read add info are there any REM or nonREM that would cause the sleeper to seam as if they were masturbating but not touching themself? Am I pregnant or not everytime I masturbate 1/day I get a bump on my left butt cheek 2 inches from anus that grows in size if I don't stop Get boners easy... Can I decrease visual arrousal? Not sure it's ED.  When we start intercourse, the stimulation is not enough to maintain an erection.  Is there any problem will happend in future if i daily masturbate? How to control my sexual thoughts? In which way i used to avoid from that sexual thoughts? What is the reason to getting a shrink penis? Do I have a penile fracture or serious penile trauma? i am 41 i have daily mastrbation one time at night it is harmful? Why does my vagina smell? Is it possible someone of my family get pregnant from sperm on toilet seat/bathroom? I masturbate once a day and ive taken a 5 day break and now i leak everytime i get a boner is this normal? and its alot Hi, I am 18 years old and a virgin, when I masturbate sometimes urine gets inside my vagina. Is this dangerous? WHY WON'T MY BRAIN TALK TO MY PENIS ? IF I'M WITH A WOMAN MY BRAIN IS ALL EXCITED BUT MY PENIS IS STILL LIMP . I've been regretfully a porn addict. From grade school till now. I'm 22. I have a burning sensation after ejaculation.  does masturbating remove excess heat from body? Is this normal? Don't feel like sex, more sensitive, strong erection. Feel like sex, less sensitive, weak erection. I used a plastic wrapped tampon to anally masturbate. When I was finished, there was a SLIGHT amount of blood on the end URGENT I think I may have messed up my penis Why does masturbating feel good i masturbate over 3 times a week, i can get an errection with foreplay but when it comes to sex i cant, any help? My wife is upset with me because she caught me mastubating, but I read somewhere that men need to. Is that true? I'm trying to get pregnant and have been unsuccessful My husband masturbates several times a day is that the problem  I'm trying to get pregnant and have been unsuccessful My husband masturbates several times a day,is that the problem Is it true that masturbation can cause infertility in women? Help! is this normal? :( masturbation ejaculation and masturbation what is the feeling right before you ejaculate How long do i have to masturbate before ejaculation when i ejaculate what feeling does pumping feel like im 28. is masturbation a must if you have never had sex or ejaculate? is it really necessary? I have a light red sometimes purpleish rash on the shaft of my penis. I have tried using cortizone and a Lamisil Atf. hello sir i am a 23 year old guy . i have a problem with erection when i start sex with my gf i can't feel any erection. A young guy with enlarged prostate!??? Found a small bump on the shaft of penis near glans. After touching a wet tissue to it, it fell off. what could it be? What can I do...I havent had an erection for 13 years Can I masturbate 24 hours after a Lumbar Puncture? can somebody post some videos of masturbation so i can get a visual idea of how i should do it, it would help alot I over masturbated for several years. And now i am facing a prblem... Is once a day to much masturbation for a 15 year old with one testicle swelling on left side of penis, better recently but still stressed about it I was masturbating and I kind of let go right before the came/orgasmed and it still came out? Why was my cum white, creamy, slightly sweet scented after masturbating? No sensation in penis How do women masturbate? And what does an orgasm feel like? I did not have intercourse but rubbed my penis on her vagina. Sore penis after masturbation - what helps? hi am 36 yrs guy, i have pain after masturbation in pelvis area.Not in penis.It goes after 1 week when i dont masturbate Is watching sexy/nude photos, sexy videos (not porn), ok for the health, physical and mental, penis as well? Effect ED? I ejaculation in 2-3 mins is it normal? please advice some useful tips n med if nessesary I have masturbated in a weird way since I was a young teenager. I think I'm having orgasm problems now. Can you help? Transparent sticky penile discharge while talking with girlfriend over phn or when dating with her.Whats wrong with me? Transparent sticky penile discharge while talking with girlfriend over phn or dating with her.Whats wrong?plz answer why can't i masturbate anymore? Erectile dysfunction I masturbated about a year daily. Now I am diagnosed with neurogenic bladder. how to get normal? Can a 17 year old addicted to masturbation have prostate cancer? Hole under head of penis? Is there a connection between chronic masturbation and over active bladder? Sex is painful, it feels like there is a ring in my vagina that is hard to push through and painful. Why? I have been masturbating for 12 years.what tests should I do to check my availability for successful marriage intercours What's wrong with my penis? Risk of STD's by recieving full body massage at a brothel? Can a man develop Trichomoniasis through masturbating with scented lotions? how long does residual sperm live on the penis? How soon after I have bladder sling surgery can I masturbate? Does sperm or semen have health benefits if one does not masturbate or have sexual intercourse with his partner for long Masturbation I'm a teenager exploring her body with masturbation but I can't find the cliortis. i do masturbation thrice or four a week by seeing porn movies do i get any problem in future I am 49 yo female with an insatiable sexual appetite. how long do the symptoms of excessive masterbation last Why is "white stuff" coming out of my penis when I open it? Read Details Please! Peace of mind, could she be pregnant?  Could she be pregnant? I would like some peace of mind.  Anyone here who knows of a pregnancy due to ejaculant on fingers being rubbed on vagina during mutual masturbation? Are there any side affects of not masturbating?  Are there any bad affects of not masturbating? If someone with STD's spit on me and I masterbate, will I get an STD? I pulled my foreskin back for the first time while masturbating, my dick shrank and wont erect. foreskin looks too long My penis is losing sensitivity. Why can't I stop cumming? Read Details Please! Can a groin strain lower your sex drive or cause erectile dysfunction? does masturbating help or hurt an enlarged prostate? How can I stop this pain in my testicles and bum? Follow up to "does masturbation help/hurt enlarged prostate?" I used to masturbate a lot ( usually daily some times 2-3 times a day ) .Now Facing premature Ejecluation and low libido Penis size Used body wash to masturbate and now my penis is dry, leathery looking and red, minor irritation when I pee. help??? while masturbating is it ok if i rub my foreskin up and down instead of making a hole with my hands? i find it easier  My penis skin has always been sensitive. Even w/ infrequent masturbation (3/week) and lube it is always raw. Not an STD I am worried I injured myself internally while masturbating with a brush if poked a hole in my bladder how would I know masturbation How long should i wait for masterbation after removal of epididymis is stomach pain after mutual masturbation normal? genital herpes transmission through mutual masturbation I seem to get a lot of nightmares at night if I workout a bit too much .I would like to know what is causing that?? ok so i've masturbated a couple of times and after a couple of times of masturbating my vagina becomes very sore. why? Teen overweight girl masturbated twice and is suffering from chest pains hours after My Foreskin attached around glans before corona? 