Why use a mouth guard when playing sports? Who needs a mouth guard? How do I care for my mouth guard? How should I care for my mouth and gums when I have dentures? What is hand foot and mouth (HFM) disease? Why is dry mouth a problem? What causes dry mouth? What are the symptoms of dry mouth? How is dry mouth treated? How can I get rid of the nasty taste in my mouth from the inhaler? I have nose to mouth lines. Will dermal fillers fix these lines, and how much does it cost? I am debating getting eMatrix RK for wrinkles and scarring around my mouth. How long does it last? Do you recommend it? What causes a metallic taste in my mouth weeks after dental work? After having my teeth cleaned, I can only open my mouth a few inches, and closing my mouth is painful. What should I do? What is a reasonable price to pay for a dental overnight mouth guard? My dentist is saying $550, which seems expensive. I have gold crowns in the back of my mouth on both sides. They look ugly. How can I change that and what will it cost? What is the treatment for a tooth growing out of the roof of a childs mouth?  How do I know if my child has bottle rot in his mouth, and how can it be prevented? Could genital herpes be causing the breakouts on my torso, in my mouth, and around my genital and anal areas? I have rinsed my mouth with peroxide every day for a while. Could this cause white spots inside my mouth and on my gums? I only remove my upper denture to clean it. The top of my mouth is now sensitive and bleeds when I brush. What is this? I have pink spots on the roof of my mouth. My dentist told me if they don't go away to let him know. What could they be? Whats the difference between a cap and a veneer? Which is safer for your mouth?  Ive noticed that the skin inside my mouth is peeling. What could be causing this?  Can adults get hand, foot, and mouth disease? I have dark eyelids and a dark circle around my mouth. What natural remedies can I use to get rid of them?  My gums bleed during brushing and look inflamed. Ive tried mouth washes and soft brushes. Do I have a mouth disease? I am debating getting eMatrix RK for wrinkles and scarring around my mouth. How long does it last? Do you recommend it? COULD HAND FOOT AND MOUTH CAUSE SHINGLES? Why does air come out of my mouth when blowing my nose? My son has red dots arund mouth chapped and cracked lips at the corners.What could cause this, what should I do for him  What is this tingling senstation at the corner of my mouth? I've never felt this before. No bumps present. will bubbles come from your mouth if you got cortisone 10 in it and what happens if it does get in your mouth  swelling that makes my jaw immobile and causes hearing loss  Why can't I open my mouth? My husband had skin cancer and now has a cracked lip corner that's not healing. Could it be cancer has returned? I had a canker sore and the doctor put some stuff on it and it went away really fast. Any ideas what it is? Put salycilc cleanser and garlic on pimple Now there is a huge pink splotch with pimple in center The dance is on Friday I have a watery eye left one,my mouth droops down a little,no numbness. My mouth feels like novacane is wearing off. Can i get hand foot and mouth disease without coming in contact with someone who has it? Spitting blood-tinged mucus What can be the cause of facial pain and tingling? are mouth wash contents risky in case of pregnancy ? metalic taste in mouth My 27 month old looks like she has all 20 teeth but complains of mouth pain and refuses food what could be problem?  What does thrush look like in an adults mouth? can a man already infected with herpes get sores on his face or mouth from preforming oral sex on his female partner ? My sister is in her 30's, she can't open her mouth, sallow, in lots of pain, and can't talk or walk. is it safe to go to the dentist when pregnant. is it safe to have the shot that numbs your mouth.  Can anemia cause dizziness to last a long period of time? And can dry mouth be a sign of anemia? Do I have anemia?  can i put rice cereal in my month old sons formula to thicken it up it seems he gets to much air when he drinks Inside of my left ear and palatine tonsil is very swollen and red! HELP! I was taken off birth control back in May (menopausal) and it triggered Sjogrens.  Why would my son have a blister on the bottom lip not in the center off to the right side. wasnt there this earlier If you have hpv warts on your throat can you pass the hpv virus through french kissing? Can hand and mouth disease be caused by contact with animal urine or stools or dirty living conditions within the home? i have a cut on the corner of my mouth that wont heal. what can i use to help? what kind of std could be gotten from giving a woman oral sex that would cause your face around your mouth to breakout Person A has some sperm on his hands, hands get in mouth, then asks to eat me out. Could I get pregnanat? I have a red bump on the right side of the roof of my mouth about the size of a pea. It's slightly sore to the touch. bad ear infection dont know what to do help i failed a urine pregnancy test but it was positive with my saliva. am i pregnant How long after being hit in TMJ area, should pain be sharp when touching it and opening mouth? I feel fine, I'm in a great mood, but food tastes weird/funny.. Don't have an appetite. What is this? can shingles appear in the mouth or throat Is it right that in lip plumpers there is poison or venom ? what if it accidently goes into our mouth after applied it ? would i know if i swallowed a construction nail ? i am now 14 days late, i took a test this morning and it was negative. What are these boil type things on my skin and now leaving trails of germs everywhere. Even in my mouth. for the last 5 months the area just behind the heel towards the bridge of my feet are so sore and painful that i stwh what would cause me to be hot with no fever have a dry mouth and be drowsy i am spittimg up yellow stuff Is it safe to use Vicodin before going to the dentist I have a baby tooth being my adult tooth, i cant afford a dentist til next month, but its causing me alot of pain. Do I have dry sockets? The right side of my jaw will make a popping sound with a clicking sensation when I chew or open my mouth wide. Why? can i spread herpes to my children? what can you give a 20 year old on warfarin for a fever of 102 on a mouth thermometer I have some how managed to bite both sides of my tounge and my mouth. It is hurting so bad what can i do to help it? My 11 month old granddaughter hit her mouth on a table and has some bleeding. What should I do? She has 2 lower teeth. Is it possible to be pregnant from being fingered after a guy cums? My period is 6 days late!  Can gastric acid backup cause a strange smell in the nose, along with a bitter taste in the mouth? Can a skin rash or infection last for months? Can drinking a lot of hot water cause diarreah? Can rosacea cause a rash around the mouth? my dog has red tearstains and red stains around his mouth and on his fur at his backend what could be the cause Can a child spread warts from their fingers to their mouth? I can hear my heartbeat as a squeeking noise coming from my throat. It changes with position,possible causes? i am not pregnant but i havent been having a period for five mouths . what do i have ? what could be the cause of severe cotton mouth in the morning? I am 50 and this is brand new. Whenever I gargle, be it mouthwash or tap water, i am overcome with a choking feeling and end up vomiting.   14 y.o. daughter complains of chronic headaches drymouth. She is drinking water all the time because she's thirsty  can you feel the baby after 5 mouth pregnancy I have been urinating every 15 minutes for the past 18 hours, Its clear and odorless. Am I in danger? what can I do about a blood vessel trobbing in my cheek? facial muscle weakness in the right side. What may cause these symptoms? I've been taking norco post mouth surgery. It's making me really itchy. Is that ok? can tooth decay in a man's mouth cause a woman to have a yeast infection through oral sex? what would cause griggling from your chest and alot of blood to come out of your mouth during a pacemaker being put in? I have 3 free floating hard painless "bumps' check/jaw neck and floor of mouth. should i be worried I get cold sores in my mouth regularly, when should I worry about kissing, etc? Sister prescribed Ritalin for ADHD, with the intent of using it for recreational purposes-she's over 18. What can I do? Ache in the right back side of head , 3 weeks. When I breathe through my mouth, don't feel it at all, only through nose. I intermittently smell an odor in my nose that no one else smells. I have Rhinuitis. how do I get rid of the smell. Can MS cause personality disorder, can a person with MS be nice and pleasant and turn on a dime and be mean, angry? Where can I find out severe Odontogenic Infection Sinustis resulting in the destruction of the roof of mouth and sinuses i have been having a swelling type of feeling in my throat.i can eat,drink and breath ok.what could be causeing it??? I have strep throat, but when I put anything in my mouth, even water, it burns. Is that normal with strep? What is a bitter taste in my mouth from? I've had it for a couple of days and it seems to be getting worse. my husband wants me to have oral sex will I get sick if he comes in my mouth What do I do if I think I swallowed a small piece of glass?? Bitter taste in your mouth could it be linked to some type of cancer or stomach problem When i eat fruit that has skin the inside of my mouth becomes itchy i also get little bumps on my lip What is the caused Waht causes blackouts where the person acts violent then wakes up with no recollection of what happened? Could a female get genital herpes from an asymptomatic male who always wore a condom? what does it mean when you wake up with a mouth full of blood? My mouth produces this white jelly gel like film in the morning on my gums. It's not spots like thrush. What can it be?  Whenever my wife eats OR drinks she has a bitter taste in her mouth. No medications. Does not drink or smoke. What causes a bad taste in your mouth that last all day long? simular to the same taste when you get up in the morning. Having tongue pain after excessive cunnilingus. Sharp pains when I lift my tongue to roof of mouth. Heal on it's own? can we get hiv from close mouth kising if the girl has a sore on her lips and might be bleeding or blood is present? Can you contract HIV from fingering a girl who is? i can't open my mouth verry wide without it poping and sometimes it get stuck open Sometimes both of my arms will go numb and tingly bellow the elbow and the muscles in my hands lock up painfully.  I had Oral surgery 22 days ago and the surgeon used dissolvable stitches, Should they still be in my mouth? what is wrong with me, red bumpy tonuge, spots in throat, bumps on scalp, and other things.... One side of the mouth drooping and it is getting worse. Eye also droops. Is this a womens health concern could pink eye be related to having cracked corners in your mouth? Is it possible to have a colonoscopy and biopsies from it and not find Crohn's disease, if the patient does have it Hi there. i would like to know what could be affecting me as i have never experienced such symptoms before. Nasal drainage, nose passage clogged When using a nebulizer, mouth fills with too much saliva Does marijuana induce cavities? After being rimmed I noticed blood on my underware and tissues when I whipped what are the chances of contracting hiv Why is roof of mouth and nostril painful? does dry mouth often go along with constipation? Can a pregnant dental assistant take x-rays? Do I have lockjaw??? Pain in my jaw Can U Get A.I.D.S by sucking someones penis If the person has A.I.D.S and he breaks in ur mouth what would happen  Why do I get different temperature readings on different sides of my mouth? Can Flagyl cause yeast infections? can my child get hiv this way? Can HSV-2 cause HSV-1? I get hard, small pieces of what I think is gunk that has hardened that come out of my mouth. What is it? How can I cleanse the fecal matter out of my vagina Why do I feel a burning sensation in my mouth when I have oral sex with my girlfriend?  Cannot move the right side of my mouth or cheek. I have been able to close my eye though. Is this Bell's Pasly I had some shots in my mouth when getting a crown. I have pain.Iit's been 9 days now and I still can't open my mouth. Are dry mouth and dry eyes associated with Multiple Sclerosis? Could this cause pregnancy? Gum Sores Grandson with Downs age 13 likes to put batteries in his mouth. WHY and what do I need to do about?? dried blood Can I grt a cold sore from someone's phone? Can a child get hand, foot and mouth disease more than once? My 4yr old daughter has red blisters arnd mouth,neck,ears,hands, chest and feet.Is it hand mouth and foot disease? my girlfriend has a uti. if i give her oral sex will it be harmful to my mouth?  Is it possible to survive Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever without treatment? what happens if im not eating enough salt? do you put salt in a seizure patients mouth while they are having a seizure?  Seattle.My roommate and I wake up with drymouth/mild headaches/stomach pain. Professional mold/other air tests negative. I rinse my mouth out daily with lemon juice is that ok? I have three canker sores in my mouth, is this a bad sign? If I ejaculate in a girls mouth and she swallows it can her spit cause pregnancy if she spits on her vagina afterwards? I have had chronic right ear pain for six months. Some days it is so painful I can't open mouth to eat.  Can impetigo form on the lips? what causes bloody noses in a preschooler? It's always from her left nostril.  Mupirocin is not working. It's been more than 5 days and my face condition is worse. Why won't it go away? I have night-occuring sweats and dry mouth. Is there a connection between these condition? I have a bump about the size of a grape on the roof of my mouth towards the back of my throat. Does not hurt  I have yeast fungus in my skin, scalp, mouth, ears, nails. What is the medicine to help? doc sied i have ben exposed to the herps mouth virus and it sirculating thrue my blood neverhad abreakout am icontagious bothered about 3-4 years with sores in mouth. doctors have given me clotrimazole lozenges to dissolve. I once french kissed a guy who MIGHT have an STD while I had an open cut in my mouth; should I get checked? What causes acidy mouth, tonsil stones, bad breath, foul smelling sweat and hair grease? Is transmission of HSV-2 possible through ejaculating in the mouth or eyes? I don't think this is staph, impetigo, or dermatitis? My two year old has HMFS. What can I put on the sores to help with pain? She's not sleeping. WHAT CAN HAPPEN IF DENTIST CAN NOT PULL ALL TOOTH OUT YOUR MOUTH how long can ejaculate last inside the mouth. is it a matter of hours or days? Is there something that i can read. I have a lump on the roof of my mouth its hard it has been there for a while I had a short fling with someone with a penis sore, is it an STD?  Do devices such as the Quiet-O Anti-Snoring Custom Moldable Mouthpiece work?I cannot use anything that covers mouth/nose After giving my wife oral sex regularly, I developed a thrush rash in my mouth. What could cause this? I have a hard bump on the top of my mouth behind my front tooth. It is hard like bone or another tooth. ??? Sometimes my face becomes sore to the touch after this shooting pain - is this normal? I'm about 2 wks post dental work. Do I have Strep Throat Or An Std? Can you get a reoccuring rash (no bumps or sores) around your mouth from giving oral sex to woman? Do anti-snoring chin straps work? Are they safe? If they hold your mouth closed, will you wake if you stop breathing? can dental abscesses cause an ear infection oil pulling - does it work. (swishing coconut oil (or similar oil) around in your mouth for 20 minute for detox body) Is it safe to sneeze with your mouth closed ? When I was 20 I had sores in my mouth. They came back a few years later. What is it? My seven year old boy refuses to eat anything that he is offered telling us he's not hungry. can asthma inhalers cause thrush Can anyone pls answer whether I can test positive after testing negative for hiv after 78 days. I have been working inside the aircraft fuel tank frequently. I started have cough and numberous ulcers in my mouth.  What can be done to prevent gagging? Saliva from the back of my mouth is thick and yellow, sometimes it has blood in it. No pain, no difficulty in swallowing what to use for pain relief after a tooth has been pulled is bad smell come from mouth is related to constipation? why is my amout and throat still sore after thrush? Chest pain after exercise? Im late on my period, could i be pregnant? oral sex with my husband my mouth react as if I was allergic, like latex,palat tongue,lips swell Condom or Diabetes(?) Not sleep apnea and not Acid reflux Herpes cold sore or angular chelitis? Lump right under jaw about quarter in size showed up hr ago and is growing painfull n soft part of neck Why does my bladder feel like it is going to explode? Diabetes Symptoms Teething Why do I chew on plastic? i feel pregnat. I look it to. but I keep testing negative. last time I was 11 wks didnt know and lost it a week later. I kissed a person who gets sml cold sore in her mouth.she did not have when I kissed. does that mean I will have it now? I have genital herpes, can i get sore on my mouth I cannot fully open my mouth. When I do, I hear a clicking noise and immediately get a severe sharp pain in me ear. I cannot fully open my mouth. When I do, I hear a clicking noise and immediatley get a severe sharp pain in my ear. Can I get HIV from open mouth kissing that lasted one or two seconds? guy gently sucked my lips for two or three seconds Can kidney problems cause a metallic taste in mouth? I gave CPR to a stranger last night and he didn't survive. He threw up in my mouth during it , should I get tests? for hand and mouth disease can the sores be on tongue? A bad taste in mouth I've been married for 20 year's and in the past year my mounth waters when I get aroused. Why? chlamydia from oral sex Can you have genital chlamydia by sticking a penis in your mouth of someone who may or may not be infected Should I be concerned about past head trauma which hasn't been checked out by a doctor? my daughter is taking depakote, two prescriptions of risperidal, effexor and abilify is this too much? I have white film, red tip tongue which is burning and very sore whole mouth hurts into throat do I need to see dr? What are the effects of inhaling isopropanol vapors for an extended period of time? I Blowjob her and insert my toung in, any chance she get infected from bacteria of mouth/breath ? why do men like cunnilingus How do you get a child (5 yrs) to breathe after slipping under water-coming up holding her breath in a panic? i am having 1 sore in vagina and mouth HPV transmission to facial or hand skin Why is my cat keeping his mouth open with his tongue out. He's not cuddly, and doesn't want me looking at his mouth. Pregnancy by bj what does it mean when you get a metal taste in your mouth after your heart flutters what would cause a bitter metallic taste in my mouth every morning and persistent headache for more than two weeks now?  Is hand foot and mouth the same as rubella my 7 year old's tongue and roof of mouth is white, not painful, but running low grade fever the past few days I recently had unprotected oral sex with ex boyfriend. he ejaculated in my mouth but did not swallow, used mouth wash. Is rinsing your mouth with salt water good for a canker sore  My daughter got my bottle of Hyroxycut out of my purse while I was in the bathroom. I am unsure if she took any. Can cigarette residue on fingers or mouth cause vaginal bacterial or yeast infection through oral or digital sex? Possible HIV/STD exposure question. Thanks in advance Is Nestle Polo is safe to consume ? If not what can be the other heathy mint we can consume without any side effects ? Small black spot on side of tongue pretty far back. Black spot on lower gums. I have a very small hole in the roof of my mouth which I can pull air through and sometimes mucous as well Risk of infection of cold sores I had a tooth extracted over a month ago my tongue taste like metal. Do you know why. White sore in mouth?? Is it recommended to force a child to open their mouth to feed them who has a swallowing disorder? Why am I chronically dehydrated even when I drink 3-4L of water every day? What the side effects of my body rejecting stainless steel screws in my ankle? Sudden extreme thirst,headache,dry mouth/throat,frequent urination,eyepain,pressure on throat.It won't go away! Sexual health center said I don't have a std and they did 1 6 weeks and go and 1 last week for window period.  isoniazid and impotency - don't want to talk to my doc for obvious reasons My 2 year had hand foot and mouth illness. My question is how to stop it from reoccurring? Small white looking pimple like spot inside mouth. Worried if it's cancer or leukoplakia. Please help someone :( 