It feels like my brain is moving when I jump. Any ideas? Can Imodium turn your stool dark? I am experiencing bloody watery explosive bowel movements. Could this be caused by Adipex or by Fedramine? Ive taken Metformin for my diabetes for two years. I now have loose stool, bloating, and gas. Is this a side effect?  What are some suggestions for moving on after a relationship ends? Why is my poop green? After seven years with my girlfriend, I love her but don't share her dreams of marriage and a family. Should I move out? What can I do about the pain in the back of my head, which worsens when I move?  In college, I had severe ear pain, then couldn't hear. My doctor said my eardrums had moved out of place. Is that true? I still cant move my shoulder fully after surgery 3 months ago and the rotation is not full. How long should it take? Since moving into my house, my eyes constantly itch and each morning, discharges have dried them shut. Any help?  What does it mean when a prescription drug does not dissolve, but is found whole in the stool?  It's been 36 hours since my four-month-old pooped. How worried should I be?  My baby's poop is light tan and clay-like. It has a bad odor and a small amount of blood. Should I call the doctor? I have a stressful job that keeps me on the move. How can I make sure I look radiant and young in my late 30s? How can I move on with my life after a divorce? What about dating? Bowel movements r fatty, slimy and greasy and float. Yuck. ! blood wk for Celiac disease negative. Can you help?  Bowel movements r fatty, slimy and greasy and float. Yuck sorry!! blood wk for Celiac disease negative. Can you help Can i start a new pack of birth control late to move my next period a couple days, and still prevent pregnancy? 3 days after 5 days of Flagyl Cipro treatment I am now suffering off and on loose stools for 8 days.When will it go away during a bowl movement cloudy discharge come from my penis.No pain in penis from discharge but some lower/testicle pain Wake up with severe nausea and stomach cramps. After having a large, unfirm BM, the nausea and cramps stop. What is it? Wake up with severe nausea and stomach cramps. After having a large, unfirm BM, the nausea and cramps stop. What is it? Had pelvic pain during pregnancy and still have the pain after miscarriage. What could it be? I can't bend my thumbs or my middle finger back and all joints are sore and difficult to move. Any sugguestions? why would my kidney hurt? Is it bad for my 12 year old son's back if I have him help me move furniture around the house? Why does combination of small amount of alcohol and moving vehicles cause my wife to pass out? swelling that makes my jaw immobile and causes hearing loss  What are the lasting effects of upper back spasms/seized muscles? Right arm and upper back still feel tight after months What is going on with my hip/ab? falling asleep in bed and getting on the floor anytime he sleeps  back pain in different areas comes and goes back swells infant runny bowel movements I occasionally experience pain during sex, but I can't figure out why it happens. What's wrong with me? all toes swollen and red,skin peeling,can't hardly move them,started havin a slight ooze,burning and throbbing,is itgout Have weakness in facial muscles and been around for a couple days. Nothing else, no tingling, no pain. What could it be? is my wrist broken causes and remedy when bowel movement very liquid at end with foul odor. bowel movement regular and issue is at end I have a history of a high frequency of bowel movements everyday. On average I go three times sometimes more in one day Can a blood clot losen and move and get stuck somewhere else I have constant diarrhea almost every day, I have bowl movements 30 min after eating and cannot pass a solid bowel. Are there any home remedies for edema? can my neck pain be causing my earache My father had a cardiac ablation done on Friday and was release from the hospital on Saturday. I WOKE UP AND STARTED FEELING LIGHT HEADED AND EVERYTIME I MOVE MY HEAD I FEEL MORE DIZZIE I HAVE NEVER FELT LIKE THIS I have lower back pain when I have to have a bowel movement is this a sign of some other problem? Im constipated everyday, bleed small amounts after bowel movement only when constipated, what might I have? What could sudden lower back pain, nausea and then it moving to the abdomen be? It has happened 2x's since yesterday. my 3 yr son , he repeats what i say when i ask a question, some times he dosent understand what i say, is this normal? Why the tip of my stool is hard? it cause rectal bleed when I have my bowel movement. other part of stool is soft on the outside of Lt.wrist swollen around bone, tender,burning and major pain w/any movement.can move fingers w/no pain. When I dont eat for more than 3 hours, I shake, get hot flashes, and pass out. My sugar levels are normal when checked. i was wrestling and was slammed to the ground. ever since i have been experiencing chest pain when i sneeze,breathe,etc How much blood can you lose daily from rectal bleeding before you get other problems? ie. anemia, fainting. My pointer finger keeps moving involuntary.  What causes moving visual distortions? 19 mo. old had a 102 degree fever Friday, but seemed to break it with meds-now isn't urinating normal-no bw mvmt 2 dys Would it better for me to move from Connecticut to Virginia because of my arthritis? I don't want to move West. I have arthritis. Would it be better for me to move from CT to VA. Not willing to move West, lots of family in the NEast Single white 1/4" seed-shape on toilet paper after painful bowel movement What is it? I have type 2 and my feet tend to tingle and in the morning they seem to hurt till I get up and move. Is that normal? My brother is dilusional and paranoid. What can I do to help him. 72 year old mother hasn't had a bowel movement in 5 days? what could it be? what type of doctor treats? My 6mth old weighs only 12.8 lbs and has had diarrhea for 3 weeks what tests could be done to help determine the cause. how can i prevent passing gastroenteritus to my family members in my household? My 6mth old weighs only 12.8 lbs and has had diarrhea for 3 weeks what tests could be done to help determine the cause. My legs are constantly falling asleep and it's painful when they "wake up". Should I be concerned? Was at gym. On ab crunch machine, pushed too heavy weight and felt a pop in my stomach. Felt like something stuck out. What could cause food to not digest entirely before a bowel movement? no movement in 2 days hurts to try major sharp tearing pain in low L front belly passing gas coughing moving cause pain Rash on shoulder that moved to neck, left side and now a lump/swelling in front of neck. What could be the cause? I see things floating and moving in my eyes. what could this be and how can I get rid of it?  What would cause discoloration of your stool, specifically a black color? It takes me many toilet paper wipes to get 95% clean after my bowel movements. Why is that? Dull pain on upper right abdomen? No fever, 98.9 Threw up once. It all started after having a bowel movement.  Sharp pain in the right lower middle back when inhaling or moving which travels around to the front under rib cage. I have severe pain and cramping during bowel movements for the last week. Do I have the flu or something worse I had blood in my stool, and have had constant hunger like pain under my rib cage on the right side- could it cancer? constiption for 3 days,no movement, Is it normal to not see a heart beat or movement on an ultrasound around the 6-7 week mark? My 6 month old baby (fetus) is not moving in stomach. Normal..? my two year old has had diarrhea for at least 6 months. Three doctors we've seen aren't worried. I AM! please help! When I move my jaw, I hear a deflating noise in my right ear Off and on cobweb feeling in head, nagging urge to move it. have seasonal allergies, deviated septum. maybe related? How do you know if you are having twins.....beside the results of an ultrasound? I have so much movement in my tummy. sharp pain in my rotator cuff what does that mean? what causes black poop Right side of tummy hurts :( I am a mma fighter with Oa of the knee what can I do to reduce the pain in my knee while training  Can you get a sore shoulder after not using that arm for two months? 29 weeks pregnant and my heart is working so hard today that I can actually feel it beating up in my throat. Normal? How many times a day is normal for a toddler to have a bowel movement.  most of my bowel movements are hard pebbles most of the time i use a rubber glove on my hand to get the stool out why What could be going on with my son?? Why do I have moderate bleeding in my stool consistantly? What is wrong with me?  Pain in lower right side of abdamon. usually after bowel movement. Thoughts? is it serious when a child gets a rash with a cold?  I have pain in my left side between the ribs and the hip Vertigo questions Why would my butthole hurt? I get these sharp pains almost like something is blowing up in the back of my head? Forget PMS pain, I have PBM (pre bowel movement) pain after the copper IUD was inserted. Is there something wrong? my potty trained 3 year old wakes at night to pee but does not know she is wetting herself during the day 7 year having trouble moving his bowels Are black stools a concern with loose bowl movements> Can a male, 24 yrs., get a inguinal hernia from straining during a constpating bowel movement? what type of physician do I need to see if I have a growth under the skin of my thumb?  How do you help someone understand depression when they don't belive depression exists? small little flap inside my cheek ,can move it up and down with my tongue. White spot on the tip, like a canker sore. I had anal sex and now I cant seem to go to the bathroom. Please Help. having stomach pains, mostly in the evening, after 5. feels like contractions but contstant. goes away after some time. sore knee and tingling in bottom of foot 1 yr ago I sprained my right ankle bad.Over the few couple of wks I have had sudden onsets of swelling and severe pain? My 7 month old has diarrhea for 24 hours. When is it time to take her to a doctor? I fell on the side of my foot a week ago and I still can't walk on it, should I see a doctor or continue home care? When I have a bowl movement I have a lot of bright red blood, what could be the cause of this and is it severe? red raw skin from bandaid use MY STOMACH IS BIGGER AND I AM FEELING MOVEMENT IN MY UPPER STOMACH.my tubes are tide. period is regular.  I was beaten on christmas. I have been experiencing pain in the lower right side of my back when applying pressure on it constant pain in lower back, hip, tummy. bowl movement not happing without help from laxitives What could cause abdominal pain to last 2weeks and the cause a bile movement of white stool and diarrhea? My right hand and feet are always cold and sometimes tingly. What could that mean? Should someone with lower back pain see a doctor or a chiropractor?  What is the most common month durring pregnancy can you feel the baby move? my sister had a miscarriage. when she gets up and moves around she has abdominal pain and flow gets heavier. is this ok A crawling sensation on the outside of my left thigh under the skin. Just above knee moving upward. I'm not sure if i have blood in my poop, but i do know when i push it out and wipe i start to bleed enough to worry. Why am I cold in room at 74F,no fever,adequately dressed,there is no noticeable air movement,I feel healthy,Just chilly. the right side of my head hurt including jaw ear timple. i smile but the right side barely moves what could it be Rt. foot (top), pale in color, painful to the touch, and when i move it, feels as though my skin is pulling/stretching my boyfriend won't have sex I'm stuck, should I forget him and move on or can you tell me what I can do? My ears popped on a plane ride a month ago. They continue to stay clogged.Serverity fluctuates and I don't have a cold. I had a sudden onset of pain in my lower back that radiated up to my rt shoulder, then down i am 33 weeks pregnant After every time I eat a meal within 20 minutes I have the immediately go to the bathroom. I also become very bloated  I fell walking my dog a couple days ago and tried to stop myself with my wrist now it and my thumb are very sore Possible STD? my girlfriend is feeling very dizzy, spacy, and lethargic, what should she do? Is it possible to dilate even if u havent lost ur mucus plug? i dont even know if i have or not Today i got an tight sharp feeling in my chest on the right pec it hurts when i touch it and move im 21 my GF get really scared when we talk about marriage or decide to make step forward,she had a bad exp before what to do I have pain and stiffness in my back,shoulders,knees,and hips.It has gotten worse over tha past year. what do i have?  i have had diarrehia continuiosly four weeks now, not 1 healthy bowel movement. I had a colon resection and am having problems. I have some questions. Pain in upper right arm which limits motion. Painful to move arm above my head. have not had a bowel movement in about 5 months, what can i do woman with stabbing pain in lowre left abdomin almost groin does eating beets change the color of bowel movements in adults? im concerned about my nephew 3yrs i believe he is autistic but his mom ignores my concern what should i do to help him i am a 31 yr old female, i have burning pain in my lower center abdomen. What can it be? What is cause of feeling like I am going to pass out, swooshing of head swirling,  something at the top of my leg at the glute/groin popped and now i can hardly walk. What happened? Why I feel anxious when I am doing homework or while in class? Why I feel anxious when I am doing homework or while in class? i get u.t.i s often and i have been dealing with alot of pain in my sides and i am not sure what it is. .i need answers DO I HAVE OSTEOARTHRITIS?  can a very large bowel movement (appx 3 inch diameter, 10 inch long) cause bright red rectal bleeding 1 week later? my dog has a spot on her stomach. PLEASE! I'M IN PAIN! Does anyone know back/spine things? My lower back is killing me!(I'm still a teen too)(I'm begging) What is causing a knot on the left side of my abdomen, parallel to belly button? After exercising my second toe froze up and started to move under my big toe in a very painful way without my control Any suggestions on how to reduce a swollen finger to get a ring off instead of having to cut the ring off? why would i be fine one day and the other all of a sudden be so off balence when i try to walk or stand.  had oral sex 5 years ago didnt take test until two weeks ago from oraquick and it said negative. can i move on? does the baby stop moving before its time for birth Sitting in front of a window unit cause sniffles? How long will they last when you move away from the front of the unit? I have a large, very painful lump under my eyelid that has been moving and growing for about a month now. What is this? My left ear feels clogged,Been given steriods for 5 days and antibiotics Tilt head down unclogs until raising up.  If my period is early, when will I ovulate? I just noticed a red ball of tissue on my dog's eye ball. It doesn't touch the eye lid or tear duct.  I hit my hand really hard on a wall. It started to swell and hurt almost immeditaly. Should I have an x-ray? i feel like someone punched me in my left back rib and sometimes moves to front rib with fluttering. i have no insurance what cause lumps on a baby's leg Only have bowel movements once a week sometimes less...Is this normal? i get horrible back pain and frontal pain after a sex dream and it wakes me up. it takes a while for it to go away. why? when i eat spicy food in dinner by the next morning my lips moved away like paralysis attack ..... I scratched my eye (no pain, but blurry vision). Accidently drank mosquito larvae in a bottle of water and now I have diarrhea. Should I get this checked out or am i ok?  The total knee replacement I had one year ago failed, why? I have a kidney stone. How do I know the stone is moving along to the bladder and getting ready to come out? EXTREMELY TIRED, SEVERE PAIN FROM THROAT DOWN THRU ABDOMEN. a few days ago I punched a wall and now my hand is really swollen and am in a lot of pain. I get left sided high chest pain, comes on sudden, lasts a few hours then leaves. has moved to right side a few times. My left breast muscle never "shifted" into place. My right breast is fuller because it did. How do I correct? Woke up with sharp/stabbing stomach pains for most of the day. It just disappeared all of a sudden. Now what? A few weeks ago my left pinky got caught in a mousetrap. It still hurts to move it. Any ideas of what it could be? I fell on my tailbone, the pain has gone from there but after a lot of movement muscle in butt cheek starts to ache I have mucous only when I try to have a bowel movement. Should I worry? If the Mirena has moved up and got embedded in my uterus, will I feel pain or will I know just by the lack of strings? For 24 hours having sharp, shooting pain in lower abdomen and sometimes anus. Doesn't matter position or movement. When I ejaculate, I feel myself cumming, but only a few yellow colored drops of cum actually come out. What could it be? I just took a glycerin suppository and it didn't help with my constipation. I Have PCOS sometimes out of nowhere I will have sudden shape pains in my pelvic area. Can the Cyst burst? how to get rid of an infection with stitches? What would cause very sharp, breath taking pain from my stomach all the way through to the end of my rectum? could progesterone defficiency be the cause of brain fog/ derealization and could i use progesterone cream on the pill back pain from lifting a table took a day before full pain set in, pain moves but also constant always in lower back? I am around 8-10 weeks pregnant. I felt movement in my right side still feel pressure near my right rib. What is this? Will THC show in regular urine screening? Will THC show in a urine screening where they are checking for bacteria? Why do some states require doctor's orders for a blood test while others do not? How can I supress sexual desire? ovarian cysts. BC keeps them away but DR messed up my RX now Im off them. have 2 wait until my period to take it again? i have pain when i walk its in my hips,knees,and ankles i also have pain in the arches of my feet my sister fell but didnt hit her head but dosent reamber anyhting and when she sleeps her memorys are gone again Is Miralax safe for 2 year old children? constipation i sometimes feel severe fear and any noise or movement around me makes it worst. What to use for dryness around outside of rectal area can groin pain also be associated with fibromyalgia? I get hives all over my legs, it only happens at night, they itch and slowly spread to my back and hands. i miscaried lastnight but still feel movement after miscarring should I g to ER for bloody bowel movements its been over 12 hours and the baby has no vowel movement, is this normal? what is the lump on the left side of my head behind my ear? it feels like it is full of cartilage. What can cause pain under right breast on my upper ribs for four days with no bruising. It hurts to breath and move.  why do my genitals hurt periodically My daughter-in-law is not feeling baby move. Due date is 2 days away. Is this normal? A huge red bump appeared on my chin that pus came out after popped, and the top skin peeled.The peeling is not normal. last 3 months i have having were i cannot move talk and smell amonia and my hand is numb im like coma but awake Cnstnt ringing in ears also hear a light tss...tss....tss.noise w/ feeling of tipsy every pm esp. with head/eye movmnt. what does it mean if my period is a week late? How to correct the e sure thing i had done one of the metal coils has moved Is it possible to faint or pass out during sex? I have not had a bowel movement in 2 weeks Can immobilization of right leg from pilon fracture cause pain in lower right abdomen since I have lack of movement? i fell off a chair hanging curtains hit my left side below my ribs theres a popping sensation when i move hurts bad  General abdominal pains and nausea for almost 4 weeks. This occurs off and on all day and night. 24 male in shape with no health problems - I just had these extremely troubling symptoms, help? How can I change the timing of a bowel movement from 5 AM to a more convenient time which won't affect sleeping? . I have mono and my kidneys are swolled and in so much pain. are they even my kidneys? Unknown Digestive Issue WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU RUN OUT OF YOUR ANTIDEPRESSANT? I hurt my foot a week ago (bumped top of foot on a sofa), it's still swollen and hurts. Do I need to see a doctor? white feces during bowel movement  what does it mean when you throw up and the taste and smell like your bowel movement American living in China, 3 weeks of diarrhea and noticing food like carrots being partially digested. Concerns? moving sensation in stomach left side pain under ribs and left ovarie My butthole hurts and there is a bump and it hurts whenever I sit or move pelvic prolapse, is intercourse possible? my left ear is stopped up and my right ear is making popping like fluttering sounds what can it be? my left ear is stopped up and i have a popping like fluttering sound in my right ear? I have sharp pain in my right shoulder blade through the lower part of my my underarm rib cage. What could be the cause? I have had diarrhea for about 8 months and have lost about 50lbs and have a low appetite should i be concerned? what causes a burning sharp pain in the left side of your ribs under your breast? How do you know if you broke you thumb? I was told not to strain during bower movements, but what other options do I have during a bowel movement. Had open heart surgery last monthThere is a hard lump on right side where sturnmum meets 4th rib Pains only on movement What causes breast swelling and severe pain in left breast? What does it mean when your feces is a goopy red discharge? What is a loss of equilibrium without being "dizzy"? Is only a PART of my brain malfunctioning? I was having a weird pulsing sensation in my vagina with no pain while sitting or laying down. should i see a doctor for xrays? I have to pee very frequently and have trouble getting or keeping an erection. I also have frequent constipation.  I have been struggling to have bowel movements and there appears to be 2 wart like bumps. What could this be? what would cause a man of my age to have a dark green bowl movement  the other day i got the worst sharp pain from my rectum. it stopped me from walking. i felt like i been stabbed Why do I get different temperature readings on different sides of my mouth? girlfriend of 13 years had Hysterectomy. Now she does not want to have anything to do with me. she told me to find some1 Can bow movements cause blood in urine? Frequent, soft, yellow, stool? Having pain around knees, on the side that seems to run down leg some. Gets worse at night.  why does my 7 yr old poop in his pants during the day. He is potty trained. Says he cant fell it untill its in his pants bm won't continue but stool is still just inside rectum.can't clean. Progesterone injects, 34 wks,baby not moving as much, water still intact, hot flashes,no sleep, do I call my doc? had an injury to big toe 5 months ago, it is not better still burised, painful and hard to move. What is wrong Why does my head hurt during bowel movements? 3 years post-stroke: What type of physio can help advance wrist and finger dexterity? Supplements to increase BDNF... ? How can I cleanse the fecal matter out of my vagina how do I tell if a cat bite is infected Isn't there a rash some pregnant women get? pain under left shoulder blade and in chest Are my 20 month old's bedtime issues behavioral or medical? Sharp shooting pains on and off all day in the right lower abdomen. Should i see emergency help? Do I have IBS? 3 bowel movements a day. Blood in bowel movement My job is sedentary and I am gaining weight fast. How can I stop the gain? my wife can't get rid of hives Cannot move the right side of my mouth or cheek. I have been able to close my eye though. Is this Bell's Pasly I have these yellow discharges occasionally when I have a bowel movement. It looks like a perfectly shaped yellow pill. i have this pain in my lower right side of my back when i walk,it starts out feeling like a knot and then starts to hurt I have gross hematuria and abdominal discomfort especially when I move. Do I really need medical attention? Is it normal for lower back pain to start at 6 weeks pregnant and still be going strong now at 25 weeks? Hper aroused, pelivic prolaps surgery 5 weeks ago, need to orgasm myself Now, safe I have ulcerative colitis. I throw up everything I eat and haven't had a bowel movement in 2 weeks. What's wrong? My wrists and pinkies are very stiff and sore in the morning. Sometimes during the night my wrist will "pop" Abdominal pain frequent bowel movements and burping Is it safe to take gas-x after taking 3 laxatives and not having valv movement? I haven't gone in around two weeks.  I need help with my anxiety  i am sexually touching myself in my sleep no dreams and totally unaware My penis head has been very very dry. I've tried everything. Help? What is the best way to tone up your body? Laundry list of symptoms and only 19. my mom is diabetic and has high potassium i need to know what she should and definately should NOT eat ? help is cancer a virus why am I sleepy after a bowel movement?? Can a blood clot in the lung move again? how do I cope with withdrawal symptoms of vicodin.  Carpal Tunnel Syndrome? I am a competitive bowler and my wrist and top of my hand has been hurting and getting worse. what could cause sharp pain in my right rib cage when i take a breath or move? Medicare costs Can I get sick from sitting directly in a draft in frigid temperatures all day?  I'm having severe gas pains that come on randomly and sharply numbness and tingly How long does it take for a cat allergy to surface if you move into a home with cats? (an asthmatic cat allergy) I have had a cold for a few days, now my adams apple moved to the right side of my throat! Rotator Cuff Injury I believe that is what I have what antibotic is used for imflamed protitis I'm addicted to laxatives I want to stop taking them, but im worried I wont have a bowel movement... sore ribs when breathing as a result of bronchitis Playing basketball and fell on left hand, very painful yet no bruising or swelling. Please help Recently passed out and my butt is still sore, now I'm passing blood. Is this normal? What type of injuries to the shoulder will an X-ray show?  Fell on wrist and elbow riding bike. Nothing fractured per XRay but still painful and sore when moved in certain ways. My blood pressure goes up high when moving around and I feel dizzy. Also, I lose hearing in my ears temporarily..  sharp pain in lower right pelvic region how often should you poop?  I swallowed a ball of aluminum foil, a bit smaller than the size of a ping pong ball, a few days ago. What should I do? What may cause blood in the stool? Knee shifted inward while running. Help me please..!? Painful!! Can't bend or straighten it. I have a circular skin rash that appeared a month or 2 ago. Is the Social Security number necessary to purchase an insurance? can a penny made after 1982 be harmfull to stomach linning My husband has had pain starting in his right leg, then it moved to his left. It then moved to one shoulder then other. I woke up with abdominal pain that seems to have come from nowhere, I dont know what it could be. I'm taking pain medication from a spinal fusion but have not had a bowel movement in a week. Normally. how long should it take for food/gas to move through the intestines? I have diverticula. Recently I have alot of bright red blood in first B.M.of morning. Had polyp removed 8 months ago. I think I had feces come out of my vagina, what do I do? How should you add organic ground flaxseed to your diet? What tests should my doctor be conducting to diagnose the cause of my vertigo? I was diagnosed at the ER this weekend.  I hit my head 3 days ago. Throbbing pain hurts to touch and when not. Should I get it checked?  What could cause blurred vision and sensitivity to light in one eye right after having a bowel movement? I am having a clicking noise in my left ear when applying pressure and it does not occur when I move my jaw. Could i be Pregnant? Why does my vaginal area get so sore after having a bowel movement?  Can scar tissue move? My adult ADHD is getting terrifyingly worse over time and it's ruining my life.. what can I do? Using ice cutter to cut though 7" thick ice. I slammed I cutter on the ground and now my hand have no feeling in it. severe pain right side below then hematoma 2 fists man-size large below ribcage at pelvic area black blue purple My 2 year old daughter has been refusing to have a bowel movement for the past few days. She's not constipated. Found thin red worm in food I partially consumed. Should I go to doctor ASAP? If I make sudden movements with my head or lay flat then get up I get severe dizziness and cannot focus I then feel sick low back pain Frequent fetal movements at 26 weeks is having a bowl movement every 3-4 days normal?  I have this mind trick that enables you to urinate. How do I get the truth out? I have this mind trick that enables you to urinate. How do I get the truth out? Seeing tracers, floaters, and having dizzy spells, headaches panic/anxeity attack or something else? I have stage 4 COPD. Would moving to a lower elevation ( I live at 5500') help on a long term basis? Sharp pain in the middle of my lower back? Is moving to a warm dry climate like Arizona good for arthritis excessive brown pus and blood from belly button along with a large lump inside belly button. extremely painful I pulled the left side of my neck while working out.My peripheral vision in my right eye has been effected. This normal? Why would a Dr insist on prescribing percocet 10-325 over oxycodone 10mg It makes me nauseaus, and he doesnt believe me. I have a hard time sometimes taking a bowel movement approx. once every 1 1/2 to 2 wks.. 50yrs. old male Wednesday night I urinated. At end of urination, had a pain in my right testicle. What could cause this? What is the recommended age to move a baby into their own room? I smashed my hand in a sliding glass door a day and a half a go. I have a few cuts and it swelled up pretty bad.  7yr old daughter, problems urinating, strong ammonia smell The epididymis is normally at the back of the testicle. Can it accidently become separated from the testicle? Sudden Left Hand Numbness is numbness around fractured tailbone normal why would i get a boil in my butt crack I fell down stairs a wk ago. Now my legs feel like they are pulling hurtful when I move my foot. Is that normal? Hi, I hyperextended my right arm about a month ago and it is still painful. i wake up in the middle of the nite in pain. can you be in your second trimester of pregnancy and not know you were pregnant can you be in your second trimester of pregnancy and not know you were pregnant My sister, a smoker is having pinching pain in the right armpit that moves from spot to spot on the underside of her arm What's wrong? My bowel movements are all over the place and now I have dull pain consistently. Male/25 years old. What can cause severe lower back pain in the right hip area? Why would bowel movements smell like moth balls? the ball of my foot just started hurting it feels like something is in it, or like its fractured/ What is this back pain and how can I alleviate it? recently I feel a pulse in the right side of my neck that goes up into my ear for moving bowel problems, what test can be done to get a diagnosis why do i have an extreme urge to have a bowel movement when i am faced with scary/fearful situations? Large clotted, bloody stools, painful bowel movements, swelling, bloating to abdomen. negative EGD and Colonoscopy? what OTC product will help with loose bowels,1st movement reg. then 2,3 times loose daily Small amount of blood in stool today noticed alot on tissue, have a dr appt next week should I go to dr sooner or E.R? Why is my right testicle pulling up towards my body? (regardless of temperarture?) how can i get fluids (water) into my dog if he refuses to drink I was diagnosed with influenza A ten days ago. I still feel nauseous and have loose bowel movements. Is this normal? I woke up this morning with my upper gum swollen and feels like it just moved, could I have a large parasite in my gums? My eyes have been bothering me for a few year now, maybe cause of "ghost" floaters? What caused sever pain in left side under rib cage? how to relieve gas pain and blotting Is a tan a negative or good thing? what causes cialis to give me heartburn Do I need to go to ER and is this bowel obstruction? What happened to my abdomen? I was sick this past weekend, and i am 16 weeks pregnant with strep throat does this affect the baby? Does gonorrhea cause pain.. 11 yr old son testicle will no longer move down, painful to touch, why? How to differentiate between lipoma and breast cancer or anyother condition that has the symptoms mentioned below my bowel movement my stool is so hard it hurts at a 10 pain level.there is blood right after not much but a little. is it ok to take a colon cleanse everyday a natural aloe colon cleanse I can feel my brain moving around and I haven't done anything, such as jumping around or shaking my head. Is this normal Im 16 and lately I get pressure/aches in the back center pelvis area that ranges from nothing to sharp stabs randomly. My 4 year old smash her finger in a door. What should I do? Can your cervix be effaced if you are not pregnant? why arent i having bowel movements Sciatic nerve pain? for about 6 weeks, right foot only. cant move toes or ankle. Will i be able to walk again? Daily and severe motion sickness My newborn gets a lot of gas 30 minutes to an hour after she drinks her formula. Is she Lactose Intolerant? Is it possible to get heat rash when moving from one state to another Pea sized lump above groin and to the right, where I feel a pulse. painful to touch, can move around a little bit Last DP shot was 2 yrs ago but I am still having irregular peroids.My current has been on for 17 days now, Whats wrong? I found several small, white, 1/4 inch, flat, square, worms on my cat's butt, what is it? I had medium to loose consistency stool once or two times a day for over 2yrs.I am 37.the stool size is not big I have a rash in my groin area. The bumps are not sores or blisters and are not puss filled. What is it? Is it true that everyone should have a bowel movement everyday or is everyone's system different What could cause severe pain during your period when you have to have a bowel movement?  is bloody bowel movements signs of hiv when i contracted it i new something was wrong i bleed 1 week bowel movements  can you take over the counter prilosec with pristiq? Genital rash My dog is now 10yrs old and overweight. He has energy but lately has been limping everytime he gets up, is it arthritis? What anti-depressants are known to have the side effect of Restless Leg Syndrome?  How long can you go after surgery without a bowel movement before you should see a doctor? Open wound with white stuf(not pus)f on right testicle. Please help is it normal to have freely moving testicle? is it a defect or what? can he still produce good sperm?? Is this normal? Besides medication for blood pressure what is my next move? i fell landed hard on my left knee and ever since i cant put any pressure on it and hurts to walk bend or move.  My stomach is upset and sour and I am not geting my full 8 hours of sleep and if I'm moveing pain goes away or I forget gas pains I had sharp pain under my left brest and could hardly breath what could it be. Lasted 7-8 min w/ bouts of stabbing pain  Why are my bowel movements green? Sometime during bowel movements I strain and accidentally ejaculate. It furthermore hurts to urinate. Lasts for 10 mins Doc prescribed 4mg Dilaudid 3x/day, not working anymore now that I've returned to work. Can I also take 50mg Tramadol? muscle strain Rotator Cuff Injury? What type of doctor should my husband see for neck pain..... Missed Period by 3 weeks.  is it normal to have diarrhea when trying to move to a soft diet after a liquid diet Back pain after lying down I frequently have ejaculate discharge from flaccid penis following bowl movement. Not involved with arrousal, whole wipe I cannot fully open my mouth. When I do, I hear a clicking noise and immediately get a severe sharp pain in me ear. is a thin red line moving up your arm from site of swollen, itchey spider bite,a sign of blood poisioning? Could I be preg? So it has probably been about 4 to 5 months now since I believe I have gotten pregnant. what wood cause bowel movements to be green ? i do take naproxen for pain ... I moved and now have well water, can I get a yeast infection from the water? what do lumps feel like? can i see a walk in clinic at a hospital what causes shoulder and neck pain why does it seem one or booth of my testicles move up into my body durring sexual interaction? i have this weird bubble like feeling under my ribs..my stomach looks bloated but not hard... how to prevent dysentery throat spasms in conjunction with underarm spasms Why are my joints making so many different noises and aching? Is it normal for a very active person to have higher blood pressure? can your mind take over when you fall and can't feel any pain and you're just perfectly fine or is it something else? Did I fracture my tailbone?? rabies? touched kitten with long time sick mother. tiny wound on my hand, possibly scabbed over but not sure. Wrist pain in BOTH wrists restraining me from normal activities... What could cause an 18 year old female problems such as stomach pain and bloating, rapid weight loss, loss of appetite? Constipation and swollen rectum, sometimes bloody stool and internal pain when having a bowel movement how many calories do you burn passing a bowel movement? how to increase blood volume in body? Is one testical being swollen normal in a 2 year old? My son he is 2years and 4months old he is suffering from loose bowel movements, vomitings and gas with bad smell.  can nuts and fiber help with bowel movement Why do my toddler's bowel movements smell like ammonia? I have hypoxemia and live at 6000 ft. Will moving to sea level reduce the need for oxygen sup. long term? My 9 year old daughter has gurgly and painful gas several times a week and bouts of diarrhea 2-3 times a month. Inability to poop without finger?!? White / clear mucus during bowel movement process i have what feels like something moving in my lower abdomine. could it be worms? My consistency in stool color and shape is irregular, why? how to tell the difference between fetal movement vs gas Is it bad if I chew my blanket? I'm 17. Blood In my Stool red bites that itch and only move in the hot summer, had the house sprayed 4 times last year and they are back  3 yr old ate quarter How do I keep a smaller penis in during sex when I am very wet? Or how do I get it in at different angles? My 44-yr old boyfriend needs oral stimulation in order to get hard. Is this normal? why is my penis hurting after I have a bowl movement? Put eardrops in ear after having the flu (ear felt muffled) after putting my ear drops in, my hearing has became worse? 3 year old. 12 days every time we give her food or liquid she gets bad tummy ache and vomits losing weight. Do you pass out if you are having a stroke? Age 66 right shoulder pain and ratcheting, night pain, had accidents long ago, swimming fast to age 50, sleep on right no bowel movement in 2 days...can it cause gas and back pain? Massive knee pain, cannot move leg without pain. popping noise from behind knee when straightenened I'm an eighteen year old female who was recentently in a car wreck with some spinal injury. I can no longer feel pain. have pain in shoulder when I move my arm  I have a small, roughly pea sized lump on the upper side of my penis shaft. I am wondering if this is something serious? Is it better to shower after every bowel movement or is this unnecessary? What's causing the sharp pains in my back, right under my shoulder blades? It hurts to breathe. Is Cyclacur a contraceptive? I have an extreme itch on my back with no visual signs at all. It itches and stings and spreads. Any idea what it is?  gfg Blackline Elite Is sudden intense ovulation pain normal? Severe Anal and genital itching. Why? I'm a 19 year old female. Ever since I was little I get intense chest pain to where I can't breathe. Doctor or no? Lower left abdominal pain? bowel issues in teenager I have pain from the front hip, going down to the front of thigh. any advice? havn bleeding problem not too painful lots of blood in toilet when i have a bowel movement Can beginning birth control cause immediate fatigue in a teen? How can I be sure I am ovulating? I tried BBT charting, but I move too much while I sleep. Any other suggestions? how do you move a piece of apple lodged in throat? Only small amounts of water will go down.  Hard lump in my armpit?  While lying on floor kissing with hubby on top, I felt a "pop" and got pain in the upper left abd/ribs. What can it be? Got food pois. 5 days ago. So bloated and stomach has been burning ever since. Diff. to eat anything. Thoughts? Afraid I may have Colon Cancer? Appendicitis What is the cause of a small, sharp pinch on my back between my left shoulder blade and spine? Knee Pain while taking Naproxen  My stomach has been swelling and bulging and even making movement as if a babys inside of me but im not pregnant. can ibs cause migraines? Is pregnancy possible when semen lands near the vagina? Help Is pregnancy possible when semen lands near the vagina? HELP What's up with my tummy? Why am I not losing Inches? Lump Near Anus Which Fills Up With Puss After Bowel Movement! ok so i've masturbated a couple of times and after a couple of times of masturbating my vagina becomes very sore. why? My mom can't take bld thinners to prevent her getting clots due to a hematoma. Are there natural ways to prevent them? When I wake up, my ear is often swollen shut and wet. I have no pain and feel better after moving around for 10 minutes. I'm so confused and I dont know if It can result in pregnancy to have anal and a slight touch at my entrance by the cock Can suppositories be used on an infant who has not had a bowel movement in 4 days and has already taken prune juice? 