Does aerobic exercise interfere with muscle gains from weightlifting? What are muscle cramps? Can vitamin deficiencies cause muscle cramps? How can muscle cramps be prevented? Will exercising the vaginal muscles make my vagina tighter? Do tighter vaginal muscles improve sexual response? My doctor gave me Valium as a muscle relaxant, and it was great for my nerve pain. Is it safe to continue to use? I am taking 500 mg of naproxen once daily for back pain and Robaxin for muscle spasms. Should I take them together? What are muscle-strengthening exercises? What are the muscles that make up my butt? Medication has helped my anxiety and depression. Why do I occasionally have anxiety symptoms, nausea and muscle aches? Can fibromyalgia cause muscles to tear more easily? Why do I have an internal itching sensation where I pulled my piriformis muscle? When you workout and then become sedentary, does the muscle that you gained from exercising turn to fat? Is an MRI recommended if the pain from my pulled forearm muscle is gone, but the area is still enlarged? Could minor surgery cause signs of multiple sclerosis exacerbation, such as clumsiness, dizziness, and muscle spasms? What causes the muscle pain in Parkinson's disease? What is the difference between pulling a muscle and straining a muscle?  What is the difference between a torn muscle and a pulled muscle? What causes muscle spasms? How do you treat a pulled groin muscle?  How long after drinking a margarita do you have to wait before taking a Vicoden for muscle pain?  Is it true that it isn't good to do the same exercise every day to allow muscles to rebuild with a 48-hour break?  Could sleeping problems, muscle aches, and fatigue be possible side effects from taking Prozac?  Can Abilify, Strattera, Celexa, or bupropion cause muscle twitches at night when you go to bed?  Is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise? can pacemaker lead cause a chest muscle twitch Are there risks involved with non-spinal injections of the fungus-contaminated steroid causing the meningitis outbreak? i have a sharp constant pain in my upper left chest area, it feels like a pulled muscle, can i pull a muscle in my lung? What are the lasting effects of upper back spasms/seized muscles? Right arm and upper back still feel tight after months I am having weird chest pains and it feels like a tight knot in my neck and shoulder area. Sharp pain in top of my foot that moves to my shin. Not in the muscle it is in the bone. Then the other leg starts too my body aches all over most of the day- but extreme in the morning hours 5+ years on simvastatin 20mg. 12 mo. ago muscle pain upper arms, recently swithched to atorvastatin 20mg, will it help? Have weakness in facial muscles and been around for a couple days. Nothing else, no tingling, no pain. What could it be? What specialist would be best to help diagnose fatigue, short term memory loss and muscle pain symptoms? GP isn't a help Why does a deep massage make me so sleepy the next day? What weighs more, muscle or fat? Does muscle weigh more than fat?? Can you be so sressed or freaked out that you pass out completely? Can I get an STD through urine contacting an open wound? PLEASE READ AND REPlY ASAP (my mom is vomiting after meal everyday) After sitting for 20 minutes and then standing up, my hearing goes in and out in rythum with my heartbeat then goes away cramping and lower back pain after period and ovulation I'm 28 yrs old and my chest feels heavy, almost like muscle pain in the chest. Is it anxiety or something worse? Severe Spinal Pain 2 years postop. i can feel a lump on my stomach to the left of my bellybutton. its not a muscle. is it an organ ir could it be cancer i can feel a lump on my stomach to the left of my bellybutton. its not a muscle. is it an organ ir could it be cancer Can the flu shot make me achy a week after getting it? I have a very high metabolism and I can't gain weight. How can I lower my metabolism while exercising more? Can Cephalexin 250 mg cause muscle aches? Any permanent cure for parkinson - I have in right hand for two years.taking medicines -syndopa + given by Dr Sharp pain in the right lower middle back when inhaling or moving which travels around to the front under rib cage. have severe pain Lvl, 10 lasts for minutes to hrs. after the pain lets up the area is very sore 4wks, then disappears. Chronic overall debilit. pain. No answers. 59Yo, diabetic, peripheral artery disease, Go to pain mgmt specialist. I am a male. Why does it feel like i am going to urinate in my pants? I had a HeartCath several months ago. I showed no blockage, but my symptoms continue.  What could some causes be for charlie-horse type cramps in muscles all over my body? i have diabiets i a having really bad muscle gramps my fingers are getting disfigured and so are my toes and legsback When it comes to sexual activity I have no probelms ejaculating except when she is preforming oral sex why is this? Length of weakness from flu DOES LOU GEHRIG DISEASE CAUSE LOW TESTORONE LEVELS Is there a topical ointment (over the counter) that I can get to help heal a pulled muscle? I am wasting away.. Is toe twitching, numbness in hand, and weak arms a sign of MS? i have had a multi-level spinal fusion done 10 months ago, is it possible to damage the fusion or is it muscle strain Can back injury make my muscles sore? My 12 year old son has some fatty tissue under his right nipple. Should I bring him to the doctor? Recently both eyes sting and burn all day. Extremely dry. Must blink hard non stop. Extreme discomfort I always get severe muscle pull in my thighs or lega during sexual intercourse. what are the long term side effects of depo provera? if you are having kidney pain where is the location on your body Is using a mouse causing muscle knots and now numbness and tingling in my right arm specifically around bicep? pain from healed broken femur with hole in muscle My Husband has numbness,swelling and pain in his right hand when he is sleeping Could chest pain be from 4 broken ribs in 2 places each on right side back in 2005?  can a cold virus settle in the muscles of your back Daily Pressure in head i have severe pain in the muscle of my arm. my arm is weak and hurts when i bend or stretch it. what's the cause? Does pickle juice really help with muscle craps? And if it does, why? If i wash after intercourse, will the water wash the semen away? Can taking protein supplements (to increase muscle mass) increase blood pressure? During high intensity workouts, my chest has a sharp pain, after rest for a few minutes it goes away. Is this bad? Can protein shakes help my 17 year old son gain weight? I have all symptoms of my gallblader. Dr dismissed it gave me muscle relax.pain is slowly coming back. What should I do? My mom has muscle pain on the back of her legs, and sharp pains in her shins if touched. Would a blood clot cause this? If you have condition that cannot be diagnosed, and is unknown to world, who do you talk to next? I have pain in my knee under the knee cap, the back of my knee and my thigh is this just arthritis? 7 weeks ago, someone came down on my outer calf playing basketball. The bone is not broken but the muscle is still sore. Could my birth control cause me not to lose fat? facial muscle weakness in the right side. What may cause these symptoms? My sis-in-law has a bone spur grown into a shoulder muscle which is paralyzing her arm.  Showing results for: can a hepatic function panel be affected by the by a muscle enhancing product such as stacker? I am a 55 yr old male and i am unable to ejaculate when wife and i have relations, i also have to take a type of viagra I am a 55 yr old male ,when me and wife have relations i am unable to ejaculate,i also have take ED med i am worried Are Dried Liver Supplements healthy to use for Building Muscle? Stabbing pain in rib cage and collar bone? Could charley horses possibly strengthen the muscles? at what age is it appropriate to use whey protein in weight training? For a cervical bulging disk, is ice or heat better relieve. constant muscle twitching for over a week why? can you pull a groin muscle from coughing too hard? I am a man attracted to male masculinity but want to have sex with women.I also get turned on by myself in gym at times! How to gain weight back from unexpected weight loss, also having fatigue and nausea? lifted heavy object in the AM back started to hurt at night, is this a pulled muscle or slipped disc what supplement will prevent the post workout muscle pain shaky feelng, unsteady walking, tired, uncontrollable muscle movements, recent achalasia surgery, hit head unconsc have muscle spasm right of t-6 khraplastie for 9 years very painful is there a condition that can cause this How to prepare to get stabbed? 2.5 mgs of valium made me sleepless a year ago. Today I have a muscle spasm. Is it likely to make me sleepless again? is choline good or bad Can anxiety probles cause severe muscle tension in the stomach, chest and shoulders even when you think you're relaxed? Akward feeling of pressure under right ribcage. No pain just pressure. Feels like pressing against other organs. Help!  I have a dull pain in my right lower abdomen and groin. It hurts when I sneeze. How can I tell hernia vs muscle strain? My Migraines have gone from about 2-3 a month, to 14-18 a month. My pain has also shifted. I weight lift and have firmer muscles that do not get larger. Why? i have had reactions to both niacin and statins to control my colesterol. and suggestion? My left breast muscle never "shifted" into place. My right breast is fuller because it did. How do I correct? I fell on my tailbone, the pain has gone from there but after a lot of movement muscle in butt cheek starts to ache how to regain muscle loss after acute bout of pancreatitis What is wrong with me? I wrestled in high school and cut a lot of wieght. Now I am worried I have caused low testosterone in my body. is ther anything i can rub on my lower back while pregnant? Should I get my lower back looked at if I injured it 4 years ago? I noticed a very thin white coating on my tongue a week ago in patches and white/yellow small raised bumps in the back? I recently began taking loratadine . I have noticed muscular cramping in my forearms and calves. Any conection? I have lower back pain that has been going on for 4 months, what can my doctor do to find out what is wrong? When I first lie down, my lower back erupts in sharp pain. Sometimes it goes away, sometimes not. I'm a 20 y/o female. How much longer until two hip tendon tears heal? can exercise cause random muscle twitching? Pain all over my body, and it's just getting worse... what is wrong? what do you do for a lower abdominal muscle strain? What are some arm exercises for muscle strain. Sometimes both of my arms will go numb and tingly bellow the elbow and the muscles in my hands lock up painfully.  Can Osteoarthritis in back cause pain in my lft gluteal muscle into hip joint down frnt thigh and not be able to walk? WHAT ARE THE SYMPTOMS OF MS. i am trying to gain muscle and body mass whle slimming down my mid section how can i do both at the same time? What kind of doctor should I see for muscle strain/tendonitis? I have had pain for several months. Is shin splint trauma located in the front or back of the leg? Possible HIV Risk from Kissing? "Bunched up" feeling in my penis? is lack of potassium give a person back muscle spasms? its a very sharp pain, the middle of back. I did not injure it. Can yellow jackets carry lyme disease or west Nile? Pain on the shaft of my penis, why is that? My husband banged his arm and had tremendous pain shoulder to elbow now his bicep is misaligned when flexed. Any ideas? I pulled a muscle in my back three days ago. Now my knees are swollen and hurting badly. Is this related?  protein supplement is protein bad for 16 year old kids in sports like westling that weigh 190 to gain muscle mass and lose some weight Can prednisone cause fibromyalgia? My 13 year old has a pulled muscle in his back. Was told he isn't old enough to take muscle relaxants. Is this true? Abs and back sore during workout what causes leg cramps so severe my muscles feel like a rope twisting i have back and neck muscle knots and severe back and neck pain and was wondering if gymnastics is why and what i can do does biotin help reduce lactic acid build up does anal fissure affect the spincter muscle are muscle sprains a symptom of a health problem can a broken bone or a muscle tear cause a fever? torn shoulder blade muscle Constant fatigue and low energy with numb head, crackling ear and sore muscles. Well for a week, sick for a week? i have this pain in my lower right side of my back when i walk,it starts out feeling like a knot and then starts to hurt why do i get pain in the elbow area after lifting weights? Despite regular cardio exercise and eating healthy, I can't seem to lose weight? What is in OTC testosterone boosters? Do they help with muscle growth? Are they safe? I can't stop doing kegels! What's the cause of my night cramps and subseqent pain in my calves? do pulled muscles hurt when you laugh why does my stomach jerk I have upper back of the neck pain and upper back/shoulder pain. Feels like I need to pop my neck/back, but when i do.. my partner seams to be masturbating (breathing, thrusting) but he isnt touching himself, in his sleep plz read add info Muscle building products really help to be get powerful body?  I'm having severe gas pains that come on randomly and sharply Best treatment for Golfer's Elbow? Weird nerve sensations are there any REM or nonREM that would cause the sleeper to seam as if they were masturbating but not touching themself? I have some inflammation in my tonsils but I also have a thing hanging beside my uvula that's never been there before muscle strain to lower back that go up both sides of spine Severe gas pains after surgery what kind of painkiller can i take that wont thin my blood i even cannot lift a cup when i am in a social gathering like meeting or lunch Does hives on skin indicate vitamin d deficiency? I have had Pain and tingling on the left side of the middle of my back and the MRI was normal. whats causing this pain? Extreme muscle fatigue, feeling of muscle strains without exertion balance issues, can go from normal to bad in 24 hours is there a drug to strengthen the bladder muscle Painful intercourse  can low iron levels cause muscle cramping? Why do I always feel tired? how does the amount of time weight training affect muscle gain? Leg Pain What would cause upper arm pain, popping and weakness for almost a year? What are some useful tools for strengthening the muscles in the forearm and hands? If my pants are just a close fit, not even tight I get headaches. Can I train muscles to prevent this? I pulled the left side of my neck while working out.My peripheral vision in my right eye has been effected. This normal? 46 yo female. very foul gas, many other symptoms. ALP 188, Amylase 23, WBC 11. Rule out pancreatic problems first? if not pancreatitis, what could pain on my right side, below my ribs be? Why do I taste acetone after very vigorous endurance workouts? Sed Rate 92 alk phos. 140 alanine amino transferase 89 aspartame amino transferase 7.8 chills and night sweats What does this mean: The differential diagnosis includes primary biliary cirrhosis, autoimmune hepatitis. Hi, I hyperextended my right arm about a month ago and it is still painful. i wake up in the middle of the nite in pain. since January I have had a 20% loss of muscle mass and increasing joint pain. started in shoulders, has now traveled. Is there an illness that causes fatigue, brain fog, constipation, muscle aches, stiff joints, depression, and migraines? does lipitor and cytoxan cause muscle damage How long should it take to heal from a deep thigh bruise. Hematoma due to fall(15x10x5C) had for 5 months still not reducing and beginning to hurt.What are my options? What causes muscle weakness? I pulled a muscle in lower back, when walking my leg goes out. knee is very painfull when walking Does ejectulating semen affect muscle growth Can a muscle knot in my back cause pain in my sternum? I've been diagnosed with depression and anxiety and I have panic attacks and muscle spasms. What's going on? Are STD's detected in a urine dipstick test?  I have Carpal Tunnel Syndrome and my left hand shakes uncontrollably. Can the syndrome cuase this?  Numb, tingling feeling on left small and ring fingers. Pain at the muscle below the left elbow on erection the girth is OK but when massaged with anylubricant the girth size reduces giving a feel of a muscular pipe  I am 56. Statins give be muscle pain, on red rice. Is that good? muscle strain sweating profusely, muscle cramps, low blood pressure (80/75) and dizziness, are these signs of heat exhaustion? What correlation is there beween diet and muscle spasms? I AM TRAINING TO BECOME A POLICE OFFICER AND I HAVE TO BE TASED. WILL THE ELECTRICITY AFFECT MY BREAST IMPLANTS? I am exercising a lot lately and keeping my diet pretty healthy, but for some reason I keep gaining weight. Why? doctor prescribed abilify and zoloft taken together. get muscle twitches, strange sensations. Also taking gabapentin. Doctor prescribed abilify .5 mg,zoloft 300mg,gabapentin,also metformin for diabetes. symptoms:muscle spasms,restlessness I'm able to "stop" an ejaculation by contacting certain muscles in my pelvic cradle.I wonder if this is safe. sudden sharp pain on top of my elbow and also in my forearm muscle on opposite arm lasting about 1 minute or longer Could muscle spasms cause sciatica puncture wound, rusty screwdriver, poss to bone in hand. 6 hrs post vomitus and muscle cramps. do i call 911?  why is my arm very stiff to bend 6 mos after tennis elbow surgery? is that muscle or tendon issues? what are the odds that I gave my ex the virus when he had an outbreak two weeks before me?  My mum is experiencing carpal tunnel syndrome. Her fingers are numb almost everyday. Is surgery the only option? how do i tell the difference between normal sore muscles and a wasp sting reaction? Can one have a hernia from too many c sections sore on testicle turned into a soft patch of skin after scabing over what could it be i have a bit of pain ED and hard flaccid 5 months Would it be pointless to visit a doctor years after contracting Lyme Disease? Is there any health condition a dog could have that would cause excessive barking? What causes bladder spasms? Is holding back an ejaculation dangerous? Can melatonin cause one to have muscle cramps? I can't push my soft stool out. My buttock muscles won't work. I have always been regular. I am a 62 yr old female Can back pain cause heart problems? What causes a creeping flesh sensation,especially on face and scalp? What causes muscle spasms (painless) in or near the testicles? What can cause a vibration in leg every 5 seconds for several days? It is NOT visible from outer leg.  Hi I was shocked by 14400 volts Feet and occasionally legs are going numb. Should I seek medical attention. http://www.musclegainhelp.com/elite-test-360/ I have a stretched muscle in my right shoulder blade. What exercises are best in shrinking this muscle back in shape? To make stronger physique and body muscles? are muscle cramps related to diebeties?  My grandma got Polio at age 5, now at 60 her arm muscles are dead and she has no use of her arms, can she get them back? I have sharp pain in my upper to mid right side of my back. what could it be? I'm 54, last six mornings have had tightness and pain under sternum that goes away after a couple of hours. Broken Rib, cartilage or muscle? does Ripped Muscle X really work?  I've got a really bad earache as well as a very  Why do you say ALS has no pain involved, then list muscle cramps, spacicity, spasms, as symptoms. No pain? Wrong answer Incision sight pain a yr after hysterectomy Cause and Cure for lower leg cramps? Hit back (3/4 down) on a thin, hard circuit card protruding from shelf. Not sure if I hit my spine. Should I be worried? 