Each time I use Astelin two sprays per nostril twice daily, my nose starts to run. Is that normal? Is it safe to use a vaporizer in my baby's room to help him sleep when he has a stuffy nose? What can you give a 1-month-old baby that has a small cold and runny nose? Is there a safe dosage of Benadryl I can give my 5-month-old baby who is battling a very congested nose? Is it okay to give my son Benadryl and Advil for his runny nose, sinus pressure and headache? I have nose to mouth lines. Will dermal fillers fix these lines, and how much does it cost? The sides of my nose and top of my nose keep peeling and it is not sun burnt. I dont know why. For the last year I have been facing the problem with a black line on the left side of the nose. How can I remove this?  Im a 50-year-old male. Recently, I have noticed little bumps and white patches growing on my nose. What are they? How can I protect my nose from getting red and sunburned when I work outdoors? Could my 5-1/2 month old's stuffy nose be caused by a cold or allergies? At 30, I had my first-ever nose bleed. Then I had another, with a small amount of blood. Could it be serious?  Can you really become addicted to those spray mist inhalants for a stuffy nose? Is there any danger in using them?  Is it possible for a bad tooth to affect your sinuses? Can it lead to a polyp forming in your nose? What's the most effective way of removing blackheads from the nose and T-zone and keeping them away?  I'm 48 years old, and I have adult acne. Also, the skin around my nose flakes. What can I do about these two issues? Is there a safe dosage of Benadryl I can give my 5-month-old baby who is battling a very congested nose?  How do I deal with broken capillaries around my nose and on my chin? Is it possible to reduce the size of my pores?  How do I remove blackheads from the tip of my nose?  Is impetigo highly contagious? Why does air come out of my mouth when blowing my nose? Sour odor between crotch the remains there, even after using canesten and other perscribed anti-fungal drugs, help! My 7 week old seems as though she is congested when she is eating and breathing at times. Should I take her in? Why am I always cold? Have weakness in facial muscles and been around for a couple days. Nothing else, no tingling, no pain. What could it be? Spitting blood-tinged mucus I have a bad cough, congested nose, and chest hurts when I cough. What am I sick with? Why does my nose run all the time? Do i have a staph infection? I have a few flat red spots on my cheek, they don't have any heads and seem flaky After nasal surgery typically how long will the packing stay in your nose?  What kind of rash is scaly and located about the face, between the eyes, its itchy, caladril helps MY SON IS 4 AND HAS A RUNNY NOSE ALL THE TIME I was diagnosed with MRSA in mid Sept on my nose. Why does the healed spot still hurt and tingle/ich? I am on oxygen and my nose is very dry inside. What can I do to sooth it? I was told NOT to use petroleum jelly. whats the best way to get rid of a cold thats just starting to come in Can a woman get a yeast infection in her eyes or nose that have allergy like symptoms from touching her vagina then eye? FACIAL SWELLING what kind of doctor should treat thyroid cancer? one year old allergic to penilillian, found black mold in cup and shows symptoms of being affected by the mold. 56 male nosebleed after sex never had a nose bleed in my life under no medication what would cause sudden a sudden hot flash with cold sweats vomiting and a bloody nose episode lasted about five minutes What is the safest way to ween yourself off of a low dose aspirin regiment? I know a sudden stop increases clot risks. I keep waking up with violent coughing, but feel fine and don't cough during the day. Should I go to the doctor? Can I stop taking Flomax once I have passed the kidney stone? How can i know if my cold/flu has become bacterial? so i can take a ampicillin? why, when i cough, does my head feel like it's being crushed? I am currently being treating for a whooping cough exposer and now my infant is showing simular signs, what should i do 11/20/12, 3:34pm, NYC...My question is about CSF leaking from the nose. What exactly is the cause and cure? Why is the cause of a chronic cough so hard to diagnose? I have a wart on the tip of my nose for the past 3 months. No treatment has helped so far. Please suggest.  Can 2 year olds be given any medication for cough? My daughter is five and every two weeks she gets a runny nose, bad cough and high fever. Why is this happening? Do i have the flu or a cold? I take Furosemide 20 mg And Escitalopram 20 mg And Warfarin 10 mg a day can this cause severe nose bleedings a day I have a sore throat and when I blow my nose hard a thick gooey mucus mixed with blood come out. What could it be? I have a sore throat and when I blow my nose hard a thick gooey mucus mixed with blood come out. What could it be? I'm just at the end of a cold, and my nose is running non-stop. what causes this and how do I stop it. My right nostril is stopped up. Had 2 treatments of antibiotics. What to do? Can I take 4 Advil gels for a week in a row> This is the 3rd day. What is this swollen feeling in my nose? I get this "smell" ever so often when i breathe.  how many nose bleeds a day is too many? when should one seek medical attention for numerouse bleeds a day? low white blood cells,low sugar, low blood pressure ,fatigue and a feeling of cold inside legs When I blow my nose, contents have a pinkish color to it, would this have something to do with something you breath in? 7yrs old boy, bleeding from nose. It is not havy but 4-5 drops, 2-3 times a month. What may be d cause? and remedy ? 15 month old with sneezing, now has some coughing when sleepin blood in mucas when sneezes. What can I do? Have had a very bad cold for last week now I have yellow discharge from my nose, no fever or anything, sinus infection? My 18 month old son will act out around mom. Like throwing a tantrum. I am having chest pains, shortness of breath, hypertension, fatigue, and nose bleeds. What should I do? My nose ring is stuck and won't come out. What can I do? I have had nose bleeds at least 4 times this year aloneI do not have a history of nose bleeds other than hitting my nose Is aloe extract from the leaf good to reduce heart burn? Had year round runny nose for as long as i can remember. Go through tissues like crazy and dr advice not working - help  watery eyes runny nose slight headache no cough symptoms-stuffy nose, head in a cloud, coughing(rasping),bring up mucous,so far 7 days  Can gastric acid backup cause a strange smell in the nose, along with a bitter taste in the mouth? What are symptoms of infecting yourself through the "Triangle of Death" area on your face? my right ear feels clogged and i can hear myself echo? suggestions please!!!!!!! My nose was broken a couple of times playing football. Now sinus over right eye will not drain. Surgery needed? My nose and nostrils are swollen and painful after a severe cold. How do I get rid of the pain and swelling? My nephew picks his nose in his sleep an it causes nose bleeds EVERY night. How can I help prevent this? I have popping in one ear every time I blow my nose. The first time it happened, it was painful. What is this? I am recovering from the flu and my ear pops every time I blow my nose. The first time was painful. What is this? My nephew picks his nose in his sleep and it causes nose bleeds EVERY night. How can I prevent this from happening? what is going on when i have a cold and blow my nose fluid comes out of my left eye tear duct? Following a blow to the nose, I have severe pain but no bleeding or bruising. Could my nose be broken? sudden red, tender, painful, and peeling skin around nose and upper lip. this is the only place it occurs on my body.  can pinworms live in your nose and sinus cavities and if so, how are the irradicated? Does rubbing vicks vapor rub on the bottom of your feet when you have a cold work? If so, can I do this on my 1 yr old? Do I have the flu? what causes frequent involuntary nose and eye twitching Why is my face, especially my nose, continually dry and peels? Do i have a sinus infection i have blood in my snot when i blow my nose?(mornings)slight pain in eyes certain directions Hello I've had a mark on my face below my eye for years and have never been able to identify it, i have pictures to post How can I stop my nose from running when at work due to a bad work environment from a poor/dirty ventilation system?  My ear really hurts from blowing my nose. Everything is aslo really loud. Is there anything I can do to help it?  My 72 yr old dad has two issues. Nose bleeds, and blood vessels in his eye has burst. Both on left side of his face. why does my bag of arrowroot powder say it may cause breathing problems??I want to use this in home made baby powder can chunks of stuff show up when you blow your nose 2 years after having peunomia. c-scan shows a spot on lung reducing my daughter dug out a small bump on her nose that looks like a hard tiny bead. it was just under her skin. any ideas? I'm bipolar - I'm afraid itmaybe mis-diagnosed as an aneurysm, i get this pain in my head in between breaths What is the best course of action for swelled Turbinets that block your nasal passages? I've had a cold for a week, the cough seems worse than when the cold first started, I'm also coughing up some blood . can i get an opinion on my nose ct scan. i can upload the scan. runny nose, took antihistamine. developed fever. Reaction to drug or cold/allergy symptom? Is allergy drainage ever green or does that only indicate a viral or bacterial infection. Ache in the right back side of head , 3 weeks. When I breathe through my mouth, don't feel it at all, only through nose. Is it safe to take aspirin or tylenol with 100.6 degree temperature?  I am 51 year old male and Overweight. I am looking older than my age. I am feeling physically weak all the time. i think i have a sinus infection but the bridge of my nose is extremely sore to the touch. is this normal after getting a cold i took dayquill then a hour lator nosebleed two days later started crying and blook came out fast My 5 year old daughter has a swollen tonsil and gland, shes had this 5weeks now, the tonsil has small white dots on it. How do I straighten a bent nose without surgery? My 14 month old takes zyrtec for her allergies. But has a runny nose and chest congestion. What can I do for her? I got over a cold about 2 weeks ago. In the past 5 days, every day i wake up, i blow straight blood out of my nose. Help Most of the time when I get cold it's triggered by my allergies. is this normal? What can I do to prevent this? I have a bump on my nose that has been there since Sep. I saw the dermatologist and he scraped it. Now it is bigger. I've been taking Claritin D for the past 2 weeks for my seasonal allergies and it's not working. What should I do? Can I give my 3 year old daughter childrens claritin and a decongestion med within 24 hours of each other? I'm going to start scuba diving. I've been diagnosed with G.E.R.D. and am wondering if its safe for me to scuba dive? cough, feeling cold, shuddering, sore throat, snot, headache, and sore legs? (also, swollen bumps in the back of throat) 21 years old, masturbate 1-2 times a day regularly. Had a possible UTI, now ejaculating less. Retrograde ejaculation? Advice on scar removal on nose from tumor removal? i get headaches, runny/stuffy nose, sore throat, and cough a lot when im at my house but not when i stay somewhere else? Can Nose bleeds and ovulation have any type of connection? I was having 1 a wk now I have only 1 a month on my ovulation I am getting my wisdom teeth removed in a few days, but I am getting a blocked nose/cold. Can I still have the surgery? I'm 19 and when I pulled my tampon out it ripped out some white/T light pink tissue and it bled a different consistency I have had a bad cough for two weeks and im coughing up clear phlegm and it hurts to cough.  I get a stuffed up nose and mild headache when I take Cialis. I saw that antihistamine's will effect the Cialis. what to do if nose had lost smelling sensation Should I be concerned, My 6 Year old has had 3 nose bleeds in the past 24 hours?  Possible HIV Risk from Kissing? Nasal drainage, nose passage clogged handled old cooking mushrooms, too old to use, picked nose with mushroom secretion on finger,can mold grow in nose/brain Accidentally might have gotten traces of fecal matter in nose when i bend over clear fluid leaks out of my left nostril it happend last year but it stopped now it happend this week Do I have mono? is vomiting through nose normal Why is roof of mouth and nostril painful? 3 year olds nose has a bad smell coming fron it I was hit very hard accross the face and nose and I am now spitting up blood clots, have a deep cut on side with pain I've been told by 1 Dr. That i have to see an ENT what can i expect from an ENT visit? can you wash hair with staples in it? What do it means when a dog like to lick your nose and ears? Is this a sign of some kind of health problem? I have a dark mark on my nose from popping black heads, it sort of feels like a bruise. How can I make it go away? Should I be worried if I have symptoms of a TIA occuring 5-10 times a month? My dog has befriended a stray kitten who appears to be sick (discharge from eyes and nose). Can my dog catch a disease? Do most people get infected by the common cold when touching the nose, when touching the eyes, or breathing in droplets? 18 years old, crying for no reason I'm sick can hight to extreme cholesterol cause kidney failure Average time it takes a person to regain smell and taste after a sinus infection? inside dry nose - if untreated it bleeds. use antibiotic and Ayr gel 2-3 times a day. Better treatment avaialble? If my 1 year old is getting over a cold (nose is sometimes running), is it safe for her to get the 2nd dose of flu shot? What do I need to give my 3 year old toddler for runny nose, watery eyes and slight headache? What causes swelling of the tongue..as well as bumps and dryness under the tongue? How long can I take an otc nasal spray called Vibrocil? Are there any permanent side-effects? In Hungary. My 1 Year old has a wet cough, runny nose, and rash behind the ear and on his cheek. The rash is new. What is this? Should I be concerned that my child vomited blood and mucus after a nosebleed?  Hi have small spots on face around nose and forehead area. They are really small. How do I get rid of it? Hi have small spots on face around nose and forehead area. They are really small. How do I get rid of it? I just had a ton of blood come out of my eye when I blew my nose. feels like there's something in my eye but there isn't and it makes my nose run but stuff at the same time What could cause year round severely chapped lips and fungal skin infections?  Lingering cold, in sinuses for more than 8 weeks. Could this mean something else? My one year old drank some water from the Christmas tree with tree food in it bow he is really sick, could that be why? Type your question here.ve broken my cartilage of nose while playing criket how can be it cured my friend found out she has mrsa from a nose swab. we have had sex. should i get tested? How long after your exposed to a cold do you get sick Can impetigo form on the lips? Adult with hard Foreign object in the nose that wasn't placed there. what causes bloody noses in a preschooler? It's always from her left nostril.  I am 29 yr female. And I have very oily skin especially on my nose and forehead. What is the best treatment or product? Is Diphenhydramine HCI safe in pregnancy? can losing over a gallon of blood cause a skipped period? Is the polio vaccine safe with fever or runny nose? random nose bleed with large clot do 5 year olds have bone in nose or just cartlidge? Acne and horizontal lines on back...related? what do I have plz help Im having headaches, earache, inflammed throat, a tiny bump on the tip of my tounge, green mucus, runny nose. Help? I have had constant 24/7 nosebleeds and everyday get bad headaches. What could it be? Can you get cold sores from a runny nose? Can I have strep without fever? Im 34.I've Severe pain sp backache, 101' F fever and little bit blocked nose. Shivering fever at night. What's my prob? how long does it take for impetigo to breakout Had allergy tests done, not allergic. Sinus drainage in the back of my throat and my eyes, nose are itchy. not sure wha Do devices such as the Quiet-O Anti-Snoring Custom Moldable Mouthpiece work?I cannot use anything that covers mouth/nose can shingles appear on both sides of the face? my sore throat is causing me to lose my voice?? cough up phelm, runny nose. it hurts really bad. why do i blush What does maxillary sinus mucosal thickening mean? Coumadin and severe nasal congestion - remedy? when I blow my nose, is mucus being pulled up from my lungs as well as from my sinuses? Pimple and other face scar . Which OTC allergy medicine can be taken with Singulair? Should I be worried about my20 year old sons nosebleed that took so long to stop? mold in home and in toillet on poo diagnosed with bronchitis,do i have it or is it the mold,mr dr said id be fine can I take dayquil capsules? I am very congested and pregnant Here lately i have been really tired for no reason an i have random nose bleeds i feel bloated and hungry all the time My nose is always stuffy,feel pressure in my head and get headaches all year long.what could it be? I am 87 yo. I have a basal cell on my nose. Would you recommend surgery knowing age. is it safe to use breathe right strips everyday? adult male will not blow nose can I have surgery with a stuffy nose i have pain in my eyebrow side above right eye from two to three days. my nose is always blocked.what's my problem. does osteoarthritis cause cartilidge in your nose to disappear or become less I am suffereing from extremely painful headaches and are accompanied by painful boils in my nose. What is it?  I had 5 red bumps in my pubic area and doctor said it was folliculitis. 2 months later my face is very hot daily. my son blew his nose and heard a loud pop, lost his vision for a minute and got dizzy, now has ear pain what could it be How do I know if the piercing in my nose is rejecting?  6 yr old is getting her adult teeth and has had continuous fevers for a month is that normal Should i be concerned about my Very frequent nosebleeds? How seriously shoud I take a peck to the eye? My nose swelled up and began bruising, when will the swelling go down? Is it possible to contract rabies by touching something a dog bit? Constant phlegm in throat can stress and sleeplessness have anything to do with a moderate to severe nosebleed? can i give my son benadryl while he is taking amoxicillin for ear infection im constanly stuffed for years and have mucus build up in my nose, some nasal drip down my throat, and im not sick? Where can you buy zinc oxide to put on your nose to prevent sunburn Should I be concerned about past head trauma which hasn't been checked out by a doctor? What are the effects of inhaling isopropanol vapors for an extended period of time? I know this sounds crazy, but I got some water up my nose in the shower and now I'm scared. Is the deadly amoeba in PA? How to treat bad acid reflux? five yr old is throwing up has a 102.0 fever and aslo haveing nose bleeds what is this and should i be worried? my grandson is 14 he rubbed his nose to the point that it is red and swollen and hurts to the touch, could it be broken? why does my nose bleed for no reason? Ear pain and stuffy nose Why can't skin grafts be used to reduce nose bleeds caused by capillaries too close to the surface of nasal passages? How long after stopping drinking alcohol (beer) does it take for the blood to return to normal viscosity. I've had a cold for about a week and a half and its not going away? I think its a cold anyway. My 8 year old daughter has a temp of 104.5 and stuffy nose with a lot of mucas. How should we treat her? Could I have mononucleosis again after being better for just two weeks? Is a rise in blood pressure common with syncope? 6yr old has constant snuffle like runny nose but nasal passage is dry how can i rinse my nose after a walk i got allergies? how can i rinse my nose after a walk i got allergies? What causes you to get sores in the nose? How to treat my allergies On birth control, the nuvaring, but not sure if I'm pregnant or not. how effective is suprax If you scratched a infested scabies area and then touched inside of your nostril can you get scabies inside your nose? Just began tamiflu-current fever 103.5. 10yr old. Acetaminaphin ok? (Tested positive with nose swab) 