Are there alternative solutions for heartburn like phenol (ph) oil or baking soda? I have chronic constipation. My dad wants me to try castor oil. Is this something I should do? What is the difference between Lovaza and the OTC fish oil products? What type of home remedies can I use for boils? I shower twice a day and use an acne wash, but still keep getting them. When I started having kids, I started getting boils around my panty line and my bra line, any idea why? What is the recommended dosage for Fish Oil? What is Coconut Oil used to treat? What are the different types of cooking oils? Is it safe to take fish oil capsules if you have shellfish allergies? I am allergic to iodine and need to know, is it in flaxseed oil? Are there any natural remedies, such as acupressure or essential oils, to treat headaches?  How can I keep my hair and skin oil-free in the summer?  Do I need to boil the tap water when I make formula for my baby? I get boils over my entire body that leave scars. It makes it difficult for me to go out in public. What I can do? Can I take St. John's wort safely with metformin, enalapril, simvastatin, HCTZ, and omega-3 fish oil? I have recently been prescribed metoprolol, simvastatin, pantoprazole and fish oil. Can I resume taking Alli? Can I take fish oil supplements while taking the antidepressant Parnate (MAOI)?  Whats the difference between Lovaza and over-the-counter fish oil supplements?  Is there a big difference between fish oil and flaxseed oil supplements?  Can I take pravastatin, lisinopril, Singulair, fish oil, calcium, and vitamin D all together?  Are boils contagious? Why do boils bleed? And if they bleed what does that mean? What steps should be taken 4 reoccurring boils?,get them 3 to 4 times a year. I have seen MD who prescribes antibiotics. is castor oil safe to take to induce labor? I suddenly have a long bus commute and motion sickness (nausea/headache) is a problem. What's the best OTC solution? should the boil form a yellowish film after drainage I have a infected boil. the physician prescribed Bactrim DS, does that sound right? If my boil has already been drained and healed, is it still possible to infect others with MRSA? while treating a major leg infection, my scrotum has swollen/filled up? not painful or hot. what kind of doc do i see? Do i have a staph infection? I have a few flat red spots on my cheek, they don't have any heads and seem flaky Im constipated everyday, bleed small amounts after bowel movement only when constipated, what might I have? Is it safe to use Olive Oil to get rid of ear wax and does it work? What is red raised bump on my arm, looks infected, is very hard all over, has a hard core in the center which sticks up  What will happen to a boil if you left it alone , will the infection spread through the body ? If I have a boil, does it mean that I have staph in my bloodstream? I've never had one and I am EXTREMELY worried!!! My husband had a pilonidial cyst removed, what are the signs of infection? He is black, so redness isn't the answer. Diagnosis- Hidradenitis Suppurativa- large and painful boils in the groin area. Considering injections. Success rate?  Breast cancer, diabetes, dry skin on body, oil rough face skin what do I do. I am going to have surgery and I have a boil. Should I go? I have 5 Days to get rid of it. what feels just like a urinary track infection, but isn't? Why is my genital boil bleeding after I put ointment on it? Should I stop using this particular medication? what causes body to stop producing oils? Will oil and vinegar on my salad thin my blood? what can i do for a boil or cysts on the inner side of my leg? I've had recurring boils after a treated MRSA infection 6 months ago. Should I get more antibiotics? 4G of fish oil per day - is this bad liver fibrosis 30mg of zinc,1000mcg of vitamin b-12,50mg of vitamin b-1, 400mg of magnesium,1400mg of fish oil. other vitamins needed? I have heard a lot about 'oil pulling' lately. Is this safe, does it work, and are there any side effects? Why do I bloat up after dinner? We don't overeat and we eat a good diet, but my wife and I bloat up hours every evening. What supplements are good for Omega 3 other than fish oil or krill?  Can you "heal" a cavity? I've been reading a few places that say you can. how to gain weight  Doe exposure to heating oil fumes contribute to COPD? Is there an online doctor that would look at my birthmark on my leg to see if i can get it removed? Is there an oral medication that is not a "statin' which can be taken for high Cholestrol/Triglycerides? Do I have anal abscess? Give me the exact symptoms. Which doctor should I consult? Which doctor should I go to for boils I have a boil conditon that mainly occurs under my breasts and my pants line I don't know what causes it can anyone help I get hard boil like bumps on my thigh and on my pubic area only around my period? I'm 47 years old  Does tea tree oil prevent head lice. can the paleo diet raise my cholesterol how to treat a peeling sunburn Which cooking oil should a diabetic use? boil big red boils on the areola of breasts errupted on its own leaving open wound. can literally see flesh not healing is olive oil good for dermatitis is olive oil good for dermatitis I have what looks like a hole on my thigh, maybe the size of a dime or smaller. Could it be serious? recently I've been getting boils in my vagina area or my inner thigh is this common Are popular facial oils like Argan Oil and Marula Oil rich in antioxidants and do they fight the signs of aging/wrinkles is it true that oils help black hair grow? If so, which are best recommended is coconut oil a good sunscreen? Can coconut oil cure jock itch, or is there something better to cure it? Why does my sweat have a musky ammonia scent? What vitamins can I take to help get my hair full again? Will castor oil help your eyebrows to grow? Can E. coli bacteria be in a boil near the anus? My boil has opened but I can't get all of the pus out because it hurts too bad. What do I do? My boil has opened but I can't get all of the pus out because it hurts too bad. What do I do? Could I have E Coli from this? Scared!!!!!! is there a corralation between diabetes and boils?  Can I use mineral oil to treat an ear infection effectively? How to get rid of large, very sore boil in groin area? I'm 27, M.Loosing hair rapidly.Hv heavy sticky dandruff (drying in winter) n itchy scalp.pls help.Can I use hair oil. Does rubbing fish oil on your butt make it bigger? Is it ok to be taking 81mg aspirin with apple cider viniger and olive oil daily will keflex treat a boil on the buttock i have a boil on my left leg i try to sqzze it turns black abd blue usw a needle just blood come out is your house making you sick I have 11 yrs old son who gets very small sores on his forehead. They appear for a while and then go away. Is Cod liver oil same as fish oil supplements? Is it safe to drink castor oil to hurry delivery? is there a vitamin to help prevent boils? is organic coconut oil a safe personal lubricant? boil like sore around the anus Could tight jeans cause a boil to appear in the upper inner thigh? PLEASE TELL ME IF BLACK SEED OIL CAN BE USED FOR PLAQUE PSORIASIS What are the HEALTHIEST edible oils for daily cooking and consumption? Can taking fish oil cause rectal bleeding in women? What dosage of oil of oregano should be given to a 12 month old baby with asthma? is coconut oil ok to eat when you have high cholesterol I have high blood pressure. The diet is chicken olive oil raw quail eggs for 10 straight days. Can i eat like this? can you take fish oil and flax oil in same day SShould I put toothpaste on a boil? is it ok to dilute castor oil in tea, will it effect it's reliability as a laxative? My grandmother used what she called black salve to treat boils. I can't seem to find it anywhere it was a drawing salve I'm pregnant and have a severe tooth ache is it safe for me to use clove oil? Currently in India.Have eczema and have developed a heat boil exactly on top of the affected spot. What should I do ? oil pulling - does it work. (swishing coconut oil (or similar oil) around in your mouth for 20 minute for detox body) can you have a boil on the lip? why would i get a boil in my butt crack is it safe to use soy oil in cooking Is canola oil bad for health ? what are rapeseeds, are these seeds edible? What are the side effects of rapseeds and rapeseed oil? everytime i shave i get ingrown hairs/boils in my vaginal area. how do i prevent this and treat it? Everytime I shaveI get ingrown hairs/boils in my vaginal area. How do I treat and prevent? Once I have a boil is it in my blood forever? I bought a tanning lotion that contains sweet almond oil. Will it affect my boyfriend who has a peanut allergy? which essential oil can be used for itching on legs can coconut oil cause hives No sensation in penis im scared i have a boil and i have diabetes and i dont want to get sick I am suffereing from extremely painful headaches and are accompanied by painful boils in my nose. What is it?  Can I get herpes from sharing a pipe? What is it?  How do you treat a geographic tongue? What is more effective at removing earwax: Hydrogen peroxide(Debrox) or mineral oil?  Is there some nutrient missing that can be attributed to a person getting boils?  I had a boil many years ago, on my face. There is still a place there that will often leak white, bad smelling stuff. I have a lip wart and no near doctors, I need help! i am sexually active and i have boils in the genital area will my partner get boils to? i am sexually active and i have boils in the genital area can my partner get it Are 2 tablespoons of coconut oil, taken daily, good for reducing belly fat? The morning after a visitor was in my home with sepsis, I woke up with a boil on my inner thigh? best cooking oil for a healty heart? Can i have or had an std that caused balantis or something?  when a boil breaks open is it common for discharge like toothpaste to exit the boil My girlfriend has an egg-shaped cyst or boil near her pelvic bone. It is very hard and painful. Can it be a bartholin?  Red itchy bumps keep appearing on my arms and around feet I am post menopausal and my partner has had a vasectomy. Can we use coconut oil safely as a personal lubricant? 33 weeks pregnant having contractions dilated 1 cm is it ok to drink castor oil? When and how much a woman has to ate healthy fats (olive oil, peanut butter, nuts and seeds) by day ? How to get rid of the poison ivy rashes? I've had this bump on the side of my face for about a month now PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE help get rid of it! Put eardrops in ear after having the flu (ear felt muffled) after putting my ear drops in, my hearing has became worse? Can we use castor oil for dry eyes? Is coconut oil good as a hair treatment and how often can i use it? Why is corn syrup not a good ingredient in processed food but corn oil is good in fact even better than olive oil? i have boils on my penis. no sex so it has to be from public toilet , tell me how to treat it and prevent it in future Can having trichomoniasis cause boils? pimples on penis - what to do does peppermint oil help with bad breath Can therapeutic oils help with pneumonia? Does fish oil lower blood pressure? is coconut oil safe to drink Should a 48 yr old male take cholesterol medication with his third test at 270? told to use tea tree oil to clean out ear wax, was not told to dilute it, now it feels clogged. Did I damage my hearing? Can too much vitamin A cause a bloody mucus on your stool? does taking cranberry pills dry out boils I get boils/absesses in my pubic area but they only happen at certain times of the year like fall/winter.  excema Can you take CoQ10 and fish oil at the same time? 