Are over-the-counter weight loss supplements helpful in losing weight? I have cat allergies and wanted to know which over-the-counter and prescription medications might help. What are over-the-counter options for diarrhea or for constipation? Are there any over-the-counter solutions for nausea and vomiting? Do Adderall, over-the-counter, or vitamin C formulas work? Could Advil PM and other over-the-counter sleep meds cause liver problems? Is Over-the-counter product Dormin helpful as a sleep aid? Over-the-counter pain medications and sleeping pills are helping with my insomnia. Should I still see a doctor? Why have experts recommended lowering levels of acetaminophen in prescription and over-the-counter drugs? I have heard that OTC cold meds were dangerous for young children and are pulling them off the shelf. Is that true? Are there any over-the-counter meds to help my really gassy baby who doesn't burp well? Are there any over-the-counter meds I can give my child for an ear infection? What are some of the best over-the-counter solutions for diaper rash? How do I choose an over-the-counter heartburn medication? Is there any decongestant or over-the-counter products besides Benadryl that will help with the congestion? While pregnant, can I use OTC products containing Benzoyl Peroxide or Alpha Beta Hydroxyls? What about Retinol? Are prescription prenatal vitamins better than over-the-counter ones? What's the best over-the-counter treatment for an upset stomach? What's the best over-the- counter treatment for diarrhea? I have dry sinuses. What OTC products will be the most helpful? Are there any over-the-counter treatments for cold sores? I have contact dermatitis. Is there an over-the-counter ointment that I could buy to help heal this up? What is the best OTC medicine for any skin infection? Are there any OTC sleep medications that do not cause symptoms like restlessness? I am 72 and take 1/2 an OTC sleep aid. When I wake up at 3 a.m., I can't get back to sleep. Am I doing myself harm? Are there any OTC creams that will help relieve the pain and sting of shingles? Can I take OTC Zantac after taking OTC Prilosec? I completed at 14-day round of Prilosec OTC two weeks ago. Is it be OK to start another 14-day round?  I am nursing my baby. Can I take an over-the-counter allergy med like Claritin? What over-the-counter (OTC) medication is OK to take for headaches when you have stomach ulcers? What problems would an overdose of OTC potassium cause? My health insurance no longer covers my prescription for Allegra-D. Is there an over the counter option that works? Is there an OTC medication to help get my blood sugar down? I lost my insurance. I know I can keep it down with diet. What is the difference between Lovaza and the OTC fish oil products? Should I use a prescription retinoid or are over-the-counter retinols good enough? What is the best over-the-counter skin treatment to combat aging neck skin? Is there an OTC version of Latisse? What is it called? Is it effective? Thanks! I have a big headache, and I'm pregnant. What over-the-counter medicine can I take that will be safe?  What is the strongest over-the-counter headache/pain reliever medicine?  Can a nursing mother safely take any OTC nasal allergy medication?  What over-the-counter drugs can I use for hemorrhoid relief?  What is a good OTC treatment for eczema? Is there any OTC method of removing freckles from your face?  Can a 10-year-old be given over-the-counter gas-relief soft gels?  Can my 9-year-old take over-the-counter Prevacid?  What is the difference between prescription Protonix 40 mg and ranitidine 150 mg, an over-the-counter medicine? Is there a safe over-the-counter antacid to use while nursing? I have a plantar wart on the heel of my foot. Is there something I can buy over-the-counter for this?  My husband is taking Neurotin and Percocet. His father gave him three OTC sleep aids last night. Is it OK to mix them?  What happens if you crush or chew a Prilosec OTC pill? Is there a difference between prenatal vitamins prescribed by my doctor and over-the-counter choices at the pharmacy? Are there any over-the-counter energy pills?  Is it safe to take OTC energy pills/supplements if you drink a lot of coffee?  What over-the-counter or home remedies can be used to maintain white teeth?  I have a porcelain veneer, bridgework, and one crown. Can they be damaged by over-the-counter whitening products? Will OTC products help with the adult acne on my chest? Is it safe to take over-the-counter cold medicine if you are taking high blood pressure and cholesterol medication? Is it OK to take a benzodiazepine after a dose of over-the-counter night-time cold medicine?  Is it safe to take over-the-counter cold medicine for multiple symptoms along with dextromethorphan for a severe cough? Can you take two different over-the-counter cold medicines at the same time?  I take Zoloft. Is it safe to take an over-the-counter cold medicine?  Would over-the-counter cold medicines impact the effectiveness of birth control pills?  I'm taking a prescription cough syrup that contains a narcotic. Is it OK to take an over-the-counter sleep aid with it?  Is an over-the-counter cold medicine safe to take while you are taking medicine for high blood pressure and low thyroid? Is it OK to take aspirin and an over-the-counter cold/flu medicine together?  I have a bad sinus head cold. Can I take over-the-counter cold medicines along with my high blood pressure medicine? Can you treat whooping cough with over-the-counter medications? My husband takes gabapentin, hydrocodone, venlafaxine, & hydroxyzine. What OTC meds can he take for congestion & cough? What OTC medicines are available for cold sores? Can you buy hormonal birth control (pills or shots) over the counter? What is the best over-the-counter treatment, and the best cosmetic treatment, for freckles and scars?  I didnt get shingles confirmed for two weeks. The doctor didn't give me a prescription. Would OTC medicines help?  I'm 45 and have sunspots and age spots on my face. Is there an over-the-counter product that I can take to fade them? I used an OTC product for adult acne, and now the pimples have flattened, reddened, and spread. What did I do wrong? I have had a chronic cough for several months. Im taking an OTC antihistamine, but it's not working. What next? Is Allegra D available over the counter?  My 7-year-old takes an OTC antihistamine and steroid nasal spray, but still has a cough. Can I give her cough syrup? Can a 10-year-old take an over-the-counter antihistamine and Motrin or Tylenol at the same time? What about an adult?  I can't take an over-the-counter decongestant with lithium. Is there anything I can take for severe chest congestion?  What over-the-counter medicine can you take for postnasal drip?  I take Lexapro antidepressant. Can I take an over-the-counter medicine for my allergies?  Is there an OTC version of Latisse? If so, what is it called, and is it effective?  I am nursing my baby. Can I take an over-the-counter allergy medication like Claritin?  Are there any OTC creams that will help relieve the pain and sting of shingles?  What is the best OTC medicine for any skin infection?  I have dry sinuses. What OTC products will be the most helpful?  Is there an over-the-counter diet pill that is safe to take with Prozac?  Are there any over-the-counter appetite suppressants that are effective and safe?  Whats the difference between Lovaza and over-the-counter fish oil supplements?  My husband has low testosterone levels. Will OTC meds help?  My grandfather takes 1 mg of folic acid, but ran out. I purchased some OTC, but it's 400 mcg. How do I convert it? Is there something OTC for low testosterone?  Is there an OTC medicine for enlarged prostate treatment? My father can't afford anything expensive or to see a doctor. Is there any OTC medication for water retention due to high blood pressure?  What OTC pain medicines are safe to use with amlodipine besylate, taken for high blood pressure?  What is the best over-the-counter skin treatment to combat aging neck skin?  Can an over-the-counter product fade an unwanted tattoo? Ive gotten a yeast infection just before my period for 2 months. I used an OTC treatment and diflucan. What can I do?  what over the counter or suppliments work for low test.or low sex drive problems in men ? I had a hysterectomy but have 1 ovary left. Is it ok for me to take over the counter estrogen pills? what is the best option when you have a tooth abcess and you have no insurace? And by that i mean home remidies Female, 47 yrs. Red, scaly rash on my neck for several months. Tinea Barbarae was dx by Dr. Didn't cure.Cause?Cure? What drugs (prescription and over the counter) can cause your eyes to dilate? Can anything else cause this? my 4 year old chahauhas got diarrhea and dragging his back legs this morning. i'm hoping theres over the counter meds I had a canker sore and the doctor put some stuff on it and it went away really fast. Any ideas what it is? I burned my wrist with vapor and the area peeled off. It hurts badly, it's swollen and red. Should I see a doctor? how can i ejaculate more? I have constant diarrhea almost every day, I have bowl movements 30 min after eating and cannot pass a solid bowel. I've become dependant on an over the counter nasal spray to not be congested. How do I fix this? what is the best over the counter diet pill for weight loss and energy  i have gerd and i need an over the counter substitue for pantoprazole 40mg i cant afford it anymore please help can a type 1 diabetic use over the counter sinus and allergy medicine?  What are the effects of drinking alcohol with a yeast infection? Can it interact with the over-the-counter treatment? I went on a family vacation for the forth of July and came back with horrible acne!! What can I do to get rid of it? I have a wart on the tip of my nose for the past 3 months. No treatment has helped so far. Please suggest.  Is there anything I can do to prevent scaring BEFORE abdominal surgery?? Are over the counter testosterone supplements effective? Is there a topical ointment (over the counter) that I can get to help heal a pulled muscle? What over the counter cold medications can safely be used when taking prescription 800mg ibuprofen Is there an equivalent over the counter medication for PANTOPRAZLE 20 MG TAB? Can I still brush my teeth, after tearing my frenulum Linguae? my boyfiend has the flu he's been taking over the counter medicine and its not working what can the hospital do Had year round runny nose for as long as i can remember. Go through tissues like crazy and dr advice not working - help  Prenatal vitamin or multivitamin? Is yeast infection related to diabetes? What can be done if the infection wont go with over the counter treatments? My son is 1 and has constipation, what over the counter medicines can he have? I am suffering from sleep disorders for the past 1 year, having bags/dark circles, breakouts on skin, what to do? is there a risk of liver damage if I take acetaminophen with my prescription pain medicine (oxycodone) ? I have had a had a moderate headache , queasiness and diarrhea of and on for a month, and now I lack energy I often have UTIs and Yeast infections after sex. What can I do? Over the counter medicine to resolve stomach pain from acid reflux? what is the maximum number of benedryl you can take for an allergic reaction runny nose, took antihistamine. developed fever. Reaction to drug or cold/allergy symptom? Are there any over the counter cough meds that are safe in the 3rd trimester to use ? Busted head open now have 8 stitches. Tylenol isn't helping not allowed to take anything with aspirin. What can I try? Is there some kind of medicine or tea or supplement i can take for an anxiety attack. before it happens I have started menopause, and have constant itching of the outer vagina area.Neg. on STD's. Pap smear ok. Will a over the counter pregnancy test show up positive for a ectopic pregnancy?  What can I take over the counter after having a total hyseterectomy? Why do over the counter migraine medicine make my face swell how to treat a peeling sunburn I do not have insurance right now so is there any over the counter treatment I can use for a genital herpe outbreak? What medicines can you take while pregnant? My pregnant wife mainly takes tylenol pm and has avoided it 'til we know. Is it possible to have a UTI and a yeast infection at the same time?  What is an effective over the counter or home remedy anti-inflammatory for finger rheumatoid arthritis? How long will pain last after tonsillectomy? is there a nonprescription dieretic?Diurex does not work for me.. Over the counter is my only option. Is there an over the counter drug similar to Metformin? what to do if bowel obstruction causes vomiting is there anything over the counter for depression that a 3 mo. pregnant woman can take? Average time it takes a person to regain smell and taste after a sinus infection? Are over the counter Urinary Tract infection treatments effective in curing a Urinary Tract Infection? Do testosterone boosters really work? can a yeast and bladder infection be treated over the counter at home or will it get worse ? Been suffering from scalp folliculitis 8+ yrs and can't find anything that helps prescription or over the counter.  Does cuts or bruises on the virgina cause headaches nd back pains what is the best over the counter cough medicen to take while taking tamiflu? ankle rash for 5 years itches randomly tried presricption and over the counter creams, fungus? I fight with adult acne what is the best over the counter treatment for it. Is there any over the counter medication for hives? I am a heart patient. What can I take (over the counter) for inflammation of the knee?  I been tearing on the outside of my vaginal area durring sex. what Can I do to stop this? What over the counter drugs interfere with drug tests? is it safe to use breathe right strips everyday? what otc meds i can take to stop my heavy sweatings Eye trauma..( been more than 2 years) and I still have a sensativity to light and early morning pain The earwax in my husband's ears is brown and he has ringing in his ears. Will over the counter medication help this?? can you take over the counter prilosec with pristiq? Is there a perscription medicine that is better than over the counter for hemmroids? Best over the counter anti-inflammatory for swollen arthritic joints can you pretreat shingles with over the counter vitamins? Is there an over the counter cream that can be purchased for bunions what is the strongest pain med you can get over the counter for back pain? I have had two warts for years what do I need to do? Large Toe has yellow fungal infection but it is now red and numb due to over the counter creams . can i get humira over the counter? If not, then how? metopolol make me tired, can i take something over the counter to help with this. are there over the counter diet pills for someone with hypertension How much is too much for over the counter menopause support? what are the best over the counter fertility drugs  can i buy tetracycline over the counter What over the counter medicine treats chronic dermatitis?  What over the counter medicine treats chronic dermatitis? I need an over the counter steroid cream for periferial neropathy what is a good one that would work? 