Why is it hard to predict when I ovulate? Are regular menstrual periods triggered by regular ovulation? Does ovulation always rotate from one ovary to the other? Can a women get pregnant after ovulation and while she is having her period?  I am trying to get pregnant. The ovulation calendar needs an exact date my period ends. How do I calculate that? If I am trying to get pregnant, when should I have sex if the ovulation predictor kit tells me what day I ovulated?  Pregnant? Unprotected sex a week before period. Period came on time and heavy with bad cramps as usual. Reg 28 day 4 yrs IUD removed after 4yrs trying for a baby online says i should be ovulating but homekit says I wasnt What could be wrong? I have been having cramps days after my ovulation could I be pregnant? what could cause this cramps? Is it normal? If I got my wife pregnant right before she tested to see if she was ovulating, would the test show positive? Can I still ovulate if I'm pregnant? Can I get pregnant? When do I know I am ovulating? how long do you ovulate after your period had sex around ovulation.took plan b 28 hrs later. got period a week later.suppose to get it next week.result of planb? How long after your period do u ovulate being off birth control for 2 months.trying to get pregnant.been on pill for 6mo cramping and lower back pain after period and ovulation Two days after Ovalation Why did I get cramps after sex with husband that is still going on after 8 hours. Sex is great, i had sex 2 days before my period but my next month period is late or missing. so can i be pregnant? Spotting for 10 days then light to medium bleeding for 3 days am I pregnant? help on getting pregnant Can you get bleeding heavier than spotting when pregnant around the time of your supposed period? how do i know if im ovulating Is it ok to have sex while ovulating? Is it possible to get pregnant a week after ovulation but 1 wk before your preriod? i was 5 days late and now that i got its a brown color and i had unprotected sex while ovulating could i be pregnant I have many symptoms of pregnancy and I think it may be ovulation though. My period was early and light. not usual  Shap abdominal pain in upper left side of a male??? Is it normal to experience the side effects of Plan B for over 1 month? I had protectef sex with my boyfriend on 14 december on ovulation day.my last period on 28 november.i am having breastt Does exercise (1 hr of yoga and 30 to 45 min on eliptical 3-4 times a week) prevent ovulation and/or fertilization? I want to know if there a chance you can get pregnant if you have sex the day after your period stops? regular 28 day cycle im 4 days late test negative weve been trying for years to have another baby whats wrong with me? With both of my pregnancys, an at home urine test did not say positive, until a week or so after my missed period. I got my period on Dec 26, 2012.Unprotected sex during ovulation per which was around Dec.12, 2012.Could i be pregnant? i had unprotected sex the 28th of dec my ovulation didnt start till the first of jan and ends the 5th am i pregnant I have been so emotional the last week and senstive breast but I had period after ovulation date could I be pregnant? when can i take pregnancy test? My last period was November 15 I am now 13 weeks did i most likely conceive 2 days before ovulation or 3 days after?! if my husband and i had sex two days before ovulation can i still get pregnant TTC, Ovulation Confusion I ovulated on the 7th March, and had sex on that same day... What are the possibilities of my being preganant Is it possible to start your period a week early?  I have pain around my pelvic area when having sex during my ovulation period only. what could be happning to me? Normal 30 day cycle - 1 week after period had bright red blood in thick stretchy CM - am I ovulating? I am TTC If my period is early, when will I ovulate? missed the 6th pill in birth control pack? odds of becoming pregnant? do you always ovulate as soon as a birth control pill is missed.in a 28 day pack I am 38 and he is 42. We took some time off and had sex without birthcontrol during what I believed was my "safe" time if you do sex every alternate day on the week of your ovulation will you be pregnant with a boy? Is "spotting" considered "menstruation"? bleeding a week before expected period My period has been for about 2 wks and i have a pain in my lower left side pelvic area. What's wrong with me? Can I get pregnant if I am not ovulating ? Could I be pregnant? We had sex with a condom on and it popped and i was ovulating is there a chance i could get pregnant? I got 2 pos.ovulation tests on D10 of my cycle-my cycle ranges from 32-40D-Could it hurt my chances of getting pregnant? What are the early symptoms of pregnancy? I have sex 1-3 times a month unprotected for a year with no pregnancy should i be worried about my sperm count? Can I get pregnant after anal sex if my bf ejaculated in my anus Can I get pregnant after unprotected anal sex during my ovulation period ? My bf ejaculated inside my anus I m worried Can you still ovulate if you miss your period? i had sex and the next day i ovulate , can i be pregnant When should I take a pregnancy test? My cycle usually 28 days. My period is 5 days late-test are negative. Had a UTI 2 weeks ago, can this delay my period? Can Nose bleeds and ovulation have any type of connection? I was having 1 a wk now I have only 1 a month on my ovulation my boyfriend got off on the inside of my vagina some but not UP IN it now i have a yeast infection. could i be pregnant? why is my hair loss is only before ovulation? Haven't had a period in over two year so am I ovulating or not? We had protected sex it was my ovulation day he didn't cum t can I conceive? I was supposed to have my period 8/4/13 and I still haven't gotten it. I've taken 5 tests all neg. What's wrong with me? I have been diagnosed with mono with an enlarged liver. Is it normal to experience more ovulation pain than usual? Had abnormal period related things usually never had, ex spotting before period, white discharge... Could I be pregnant? brown spotting in between period Could I be pregnant, I had unprotected sex 6 days after period started? exactly how long after your period ends do u start ovulating? Can I get pregnant from precum while ovulating? No ovultion while on birth control? Why am I hot during ovulation?  iv been trying to get pregnant my ovulation just ended and Im spotting! Frustrated  What is theliklihood we are pregnant? Please give opinion asap How soon can I get pregnant after removing my Implanon and not having a period for 4 years? Had unprotected sex 2 days before becoming fertile (which was the 29) my last period was Oct.20 am I pregnant? My period lasted for about a week. When did I ovulate?  Is it possible to get pregnant with the possibility of pre-ejaculation dripping in and then oral sex on her right after? My last period was Dec 1st, I had sex during my ovulation times the 14th-17th.. When should I test? period was on Dec. 17th..ovulation Dec. 31st had sex on Dec. 26th and 29th what are chances of pregnancy? I started bleeding when I was to ovulate. We still tried, but am now having clear discharge, but too soon to test @ home i know this is a dumb question, but im gonna ask it anyways. can i still ovulate if my tubes are tied, cut and burnt? My period was 4 days early last month and now two weeks later am cramping. I have never had ovulation cramps and am 33. What are the chance of becoming pregnant having unprotected sex one day before my fertile window and 5 days before ovu? Pregnant one month after being off birth control? if a pill is missed, would an ovulation test be proof enough for me to still have sex and not get pregnant? how do you get pregnant? Sex on the last day of your menstrual day Should I take emergency contraception or is it too late? Is there a chance that I could be or get pregnant? I've been on birth control for 10+ years. I want to ttc but my period is now irregular. How can I regulate my period? One day late period; Sick during ovulation, Had protected sex once. Am i just late or pregnant? Help please 9 days late on period with negative pregnancy test, Could I be pregnant or could it be something else?? okay so me and my bf had sex three days before i ovulate and then the next day... could i get preg? when do i test? My nipples are super sensitive and sore. What ALL can cause that? My birth control stops me from getting my period, do I still ovulate? Can you ovulate immediately after your period? I had white discharge one day then the next day i had clear slimy discharge am i ovulating? I had sex on my ovulation day but used pull out method could I still be pregnant? In dec. when ovulating I had sex. I was 5 days late but not pregnant. This month it happened again. What is going on? Plan B contreceptive?  My husband and I have been trying to get pregnant and I out of nowhere started a period, could i be miscarrying? After having a supercervical hysterectomy, I continue to have premenstral and pre-ovulation spotting. Could I be pregnant? can a woman with regular periods have ovulation signs and not release a mature egg every month?  How soon will I ovulate after I've stopped using birth control? What are the chances I'm pregnant am i pregnant? am i pregnant?  Could i still be pregnant? Ovulattion could i get pregnant? could i be pregnant? Could I be pregnant if I had sex on my fertile and ovulation days? I had all symptoms of ovulation 2/3 days after my period, is it possible? If I was fertile from may 4th till the 10th and had sex with someone may 2nd and 5th, who's most likely the father? Can I get pregnant from dry humping while I was ovulating? He didn't ejaculate Can I get pregnant 5 to 6 days before ovulation? Could my girlfriend get pregnant if the small amount of semen i had on my hand made contact with the vulva?  Could my girlfriend get pregnant if the small amount of semen i had on my hand made contact with the vulva?  33 yr old husband and I trying to conceive. Having to pee a lot and my breast have been very tender for about 2 weeks.  i had sex 4 days before ovulation could i still get pregnant. Am I still pregant ? Pain is these signs of prenancy  Can you have twins after a skipped period? What is the best time of day to have sex if you are trying to get pregnant? When ovulating is sex supposed to be painful or uncomfortable? Home Ovulation Test Ovulation Can i have my ovaries removed if i had a tubaligation to stop the ovulation pains?  When did I most likey have sex to become pregnant? can you still get pregnant taking cortisone shots Condom broke during ovulation. Took Morning after pill 30 min after it happened. Pregnant? Could I have an STD? Or an I just ovulating? Hello. Had unprotected sex during ovulation period. Took i-pill within 10 hours. what chances to get pregnant? Is sudden intense ovulation pain normal? Could I be Preggo? Not getting period on Nuvaring How can I be sure I am ovulating? I tried BBT charting, but I move too much while I sleep. Any other suggestions? I came on my period a week and half early and only lasted 3 days ?  What are my chances of conceiving a girl if I had an orgasm on the day of ovulation? 10 days away from period ovulated on 14th and condom broke no ejaculation I was wondering if masterbating can push out the male sperm out of the virgina since fluids withdraw while masterbating My egg was released on cycle day 15 and I had unprotected sex on cycle day 12, could I be pregnant? Can I be pregnant?  Regular period 10/15 sex 10/26 ovulation 10/26 or 10/27 brown bleeding/cramping 10/29 could I be pregnant period not due Regular period 10/15 sex 10/26 ovulation 10/26 or 10/27 brown bleeding/cramping 10/29 could I be pregnant period not due burning sensation in breast and water discharge I have been getting positive ovulation tests but late temperature rise (~8 days after) in some cycles. is this normal? 9 days past ovulation can you only get pregnant when you are ovulating? can a woman with a tubal ligation still release cervical fluid during ovulation? can you get pregnant a day after your ovulation 