How painful is a root canal? How painful are dental implants? What can I do to ease teething pain? Besides angina, what are other causes of chest pain? Will braces be painful? What is abdominal pain? What is the treatment for neck pain? What are home remedies for neck pain? What are other symptoms that are associated with neck pain? How is neuropathic pain diagnosed? What can be done for itching and pain from insect bites and stings? Does cold therapy work for arthritis pain? Are sharp pains in your leg and lower region normal during pregnancy? What's the best way to relieve the pain of a bee or wasp sting? Over-the-counter pain medications and sleeping pills are helping with my insomnia. Should I still see a doctor? How safe is taking Osteo Bi-Flex with the many Fibromyalgia medications and pain meds I take? How can I make sure that I am not taking too many pain medications? I was wondering, how long do pain medications like Percocet and Hydrocodone stay in your system? My husband switched to Fentanyl patches after taking Oxycontin for two years. When can he expect relief from his pain? My doctor gave me Valium as a muscle relaxant, and it was great for my nerve pain. Is it safe to continue to use? What are the best solutions for my baby's teething pain? Is Tylenol the only safe over-the-counter pain-reliever during pregnancy? Is Tylenol PM safe? Can hydrocodone worsen already developed ulcers? If so, what medication can I use other than Tylenol for back pain? I was bitten by a spider on the inside of my forearm and now it is very swollen, red and painful. Will Benadryl help? I had my teeth whitened (not by a dentist) and received burns to my lips inside and out. What can I take for the pain? I am taking 500 mg of naproxen once daily for back pain and Robaxin for muscle spasms. Should I take them together? I'm taking amoxicillin 500 mg. Can I take acetaminophen for the pain and how much? I am allergic to aspirin, ibuprofen, and codeine. What other pain medicines can I take that wont cause a reaction? I have a shooting pain on the side of my face. Ibuprofen has not helped. What do you suggest? I take Excedrin for aches and pains. I average three tablets a day. Is that a safe or can the amount cause liver damage? I fell on cement stairs 6 months ago and still in pain. I dont like taking drugs to mask the pain. What should I do? Can I take Relpax 40 mg for migraine when I take my Norco for back pain? Is there a side effect if I do mix these two? Are there any OTC creams that will help relieve the pain and sting of shingles? Lortab makes my stomach hurt and me itch. Percocet didn't give me the same problems. What is the difference? I am 51 years old and am in very bad health. It hurts to breathe, eat, and drink. Can you tell me what is going on? Ive had heartburn for three days, cannot eat or drink anything without severe pain. Nothing works. What do you suggest? I've had back pain for the past two months and have been taking 1/2-1 Vicodin for my pain. Will that harm my baby? I have a brown recluse bite on my leg that is extremely painful. I dont want to walk. What pain medication is safe? My husband has stomach pain. Is Pepto-Bismol good for him to take? I have the antibiotic called Minocycline 100 mg. Would it hurt me to take it? I have a bad cold. Three days ago, my husband's skin started to hurt. It started with a patch on his back and has spread. What is this? I am a 36-year-old male. I have acne on the back of my head, and is sometimes very painful. Any idea what this can be? What treatment can I expect at the ER for my painful erection? Why should I go to the doctor if my erection is painful or lasts too long? What could be causing severe pain in the back of my head when I get an MRI? What could be causing constant dull pain in my right temple? What kind of pain should I expect after a knee replacement? I have had bad back pain for more than a year but my MRI was normal. Could the MRI have missed something? Ive had blood in my sperm for about a month and a half with no discomfort. Does this mean Ii cannot impregnate my wife? I am almost eight months pregnant with my first child. Is there anything I can take or do to reduce my back pain? The left side of my chest has hurt since childhood but at 17, it has gotten worse. Should I have more cardiac tests? I have three stents. Should I see my doctor about discomfort in my chest? Could HIV have something to do with my husband's severe joint pain, or should we seek an RA specialist?  Is an MRI recommended if the pain from my pulled forearm muscle is gone, but the area is still enlarged? Is there a way to stop the stomach cramps and pains my daughter gets from taking Adderall? I have had two back surgeries and am pain-free except for some stiffness. What exercises can I do to play tennis again? Is the pain and cramping I feel while taking Provera normal, and should I check with my doctor about it? What are some causes of hip pain? How does tissue damage cause pain? Should I worry that when I sneeze, I have a deep, hard sneeze that leaves my chest hurting? What can I do about the pain in the back of my head, which worsens when I move?  What causes the muscle pain in Parkinson's disease? What could cause my knee pain that occurs only when I run? I have severe arm pain when I wake up in the mornings from my landscaping job. What can I do to help with this pain? What can I do to relieve the pain from a latissimus dorsi strain, and when can I start running again? What can be done to improve sexual desire while taking pain medications? Can I take Ambien 10 and Percocet together for sleep problems and back pain? Can a B12 supplement, taken with an antidepressant, cause severe gas pains? What medications and treatments are available to treat Neck Pain? What are the symptoms of Neck Pain? How long after the expiration date can you use Advil? Would it hurt me if I took Advil that has expired? What is the strongest over-the-counter headache/pain reliever medicine?  Im taking Maxalt daily for headaches. I took one this morning and my head still hurts. Can I take Excedrin now? I am taking metronidazole 500 mg and SMZ/TMP DS 800-160 for diverticulitis. Can I take a pain reliever like Tylenol too? I'm taking Vicodin for pain and clindamycin for infection after a tooth extraction. Can I add Zantac 150 or Tums?  Can taking clarithromycin 500 mg make my ulcer pain worse? Will taking antibiotics with milk keep your stomach from hurting?  I am taking diclofenac for a sprained ligament. Can I use Nabutone for the same pain?  After working out, I sometimes get a pain in my backside. It seems similar to sciatica. How can I ease this pain? How long after drinking a margarita do you have to wait before taking a Vicoden for muscle pain?  My mom has intestinal worms and has tried several home remedies. Now she is experiencing some pain. What can she do? After having my teeth cleaned, I can only open my mouth a few inches, and closing my mouth is painful. What should I do? After eating ice cream, I have been having pain in my back molars when something cold touches them. What could be wrong? I have an old filling that is wearing out and hurts when I eat. Is there anything I can do to delay refilling the tooth? Will going through an X-ray machine at the airport hurt my medications?  I am 10 weeks prenant and having vaginal pain. Is this normal? How do steroid shots help with fibromyalgia pain? I am having a sudden sharp chest pain that feels like my heart is being stabbed with needles. Could anxiety cause that? If sex is painful, will avoiding sex cause it to hurt less? In college, I had severe ear pain, then couldn't hear. My doctor said my eardrums had moved out of place. Is that true? Two days after my flu shot, my arm started aching. Six weeks later, and my arm still hurts. Should I call my doctor? While having sex, I felt a hard painful snap inside my penis halfway up. A hard elongated lump is now there. What is it? Years ago I had a ganglion cyst removed from my knee. In colder months, I get pain down to my calf. What's happening? I have tendonitis in one of my knees, which causes pain when doing jumping exercises. Can supplements reduce the pain? My wife pulled both calf muscles in a triathlon 3 weeks ago. One of her calves still hurts. What should she do? Is it unusual, in your early 50s, to have very heavy long periods, hot flashes and night sweats, as well as chest pain? Can Adderall or MS Contin make my hands and feet swell, and cause severe joint pain in my hands?  My son is taking Vyvanse 30 mg once a day. Can I give him pain reliever with acetaminophen for a fever?  My daughter-in-law is three months pregnant and has sinus drainage and her ears hurt. What can she can do for relief? Why do my teeth hurt after eating sweets?  My flu shot last week was terribly painful, and now I can barely lift my arm. What is happening? My wife is considering surgery for itchy, painful keloid scars, after shots didn't help. Is that the best option?  Two days ago, a shoe caused a heel blister. Now I have pain all up my calf, and can barely walk. What should I do?  AI have shingles and was prescribed valtrex and vicodin. How can I ease the pain? Will this affect my fibromyalgia? I have mitral valve prolapse and minimal tricuspid regurgitation. Will taking Adderall for ADD hurt my heart?  For several weeks, my right cheek has been swollen and painful, with white spots on the lining. Is this oral cancer? I'm 30 and had a skull fracture when I was 12. Whenever I do physical activities, that same pain returns. Why? I have stabbing pain along my cheekbone, to the jaw and upper section of my teeth. Is it that common in fibromyalgia?  I have fibromyalgia, with severe leg pain radiating from the hip area to my toes. Can antidepressants help? I take hydrocodone 10/660 for pain. Is the 10 mg the pain medicine or acetaminophen dosage?  Are there any OTC creams that will help relieve the pain and sting of shingles?  Are there any drug interactions between Vicodin, or other narcotic pain relievers, and heart-failure medications? My husband takes diabetic medicines. He seems to be very fatigued and in pain all the time. What vitamins can he take? Can you safely take Mobic for arthritis pain if you are taking Cymbalta and verapamil? My husband is taking Robaxin. Can he take ibuprofen with it for pain?  What OTC pain medicines are safe to use with amlodipine besylate, taken for high blood pressure?  Three days ago, my husband's skin started to hurt. No rash, just pain. What would you recommend  I have a hard red spot, about the size of a quarter, near my ankle. It does not hurt. What could it be?  I found a bump inside my vagina. It is about 4 inches up, lumpy, and the size of a nickel. It doesnt hurt. What is it? Why do my nipples hurt? Can gas cause chest pain? Are there any home remedies for lower back pain? Can sleeping on hard surface help reduce back pain? What causes stomach pain and swelling after eating every meal? been this way for 3 weeks Can having Chronic Pelvic Pain cause infertility or trouble getting pregnant? my sons tibia is fractured and its been a week and a half and he is still having alot of pain. Is that normal? RLS or not? what if the pain worsens in the leg after three days of taking blood clotting medication How long can I safely go without having surgery when the symptoms of gallbladder pain begin?  why am I having stomach cramps lower pack pain and shortness of breath. tired all the time belly button popped out. lump has appeared above belly button, sometimes pain sometimes not. gets hard sometimes I had a broken hip, then hip replacement 6/19/12 Still having problems. What can I do now? How do you relieve the pain of a bladder infection Spermatocele pain any reason why? can a c-secton cause nerve damage in the neck? degenerate disc disease in L5 lumbar area why does it feel like bones rubbing in hip area close to lumbar area? Can gallbladder stones cause low back pain What pre and post op activity restrictions needed for 8 yr old girl with inguinal hernia and urachal cyst? What causes constant pain in older men's calves? i feel belly pain whenever i get turned on before sex or during sex what cauases that What is causing my ear s to turn bright red? no pain associated with redness not related to hot flasses I'm having a gallbladder attack, how can I ease the pain? VNUS Closure done 2 wks ago, shooting nerve pain when I walk and the area around my ankle still numb, is that normal? I have palpations and I get minor chest pains with it but I'm 15 .. is this serious? I have palpations and I get minor chest pains with it but I'm 15 .. is this serious? my girl friend has severe pain in her lower right side, appendix is gone, 3 kids, 40 years old.  Why do I bleed during sex? during a bowl movement cloudy discharge come from my penis.No pain in penis from discharge but some lower/testicle pain hiking-big toes rubbed on end of shoes--nail discolored and purple- How do you know if shingles are affecting the eye. New pain, never had before. Im having upper back pain while eating. This is day two and have no insurance. What do I do? what would cause liver pain. im having mild to severe pain, no gal bladder, so could it be my liver?  I got a tattoo on my forearm and a hard lump formed under my skin.It was painful but not any longer.What is it? Should I get my backpain treated? Can you take ibuprofen when taking morphine pills? If so how much is safe? my boyfriend is having pain in is lower left side of his back and a litle swelling,....what is the cause? Had pelvic pain during pregnancy and still have the pain after miscarriage. What could it be? Used plan B twice this month. now have vaginal bleeding and lower abdomial pain. not sure whats wrong. any suggestions? Reoccuring pain in my mid to upper back and my chest, under my brests. It goes on for hours and hurts to breathe. Help? Waiting on results of UTI test (my only symptom is urethral pain, not when urinating). I'm feeling cold. Should I worry? i have a large bump on my lower back between my hip and spine causing me pain when i sit for long periods of time i have a large bump on my lower back between my hip and spine causing me pain when i sit for long periods of time Why would oral steroids help with my lower back pain so well? I woke up with back pain and left arm pain, pain is mild now but arm still feels weird, should I see the doctor? I woke up with back and shoulder pain that spread to my arm, only my arm feels strange now, should I see a doctor? CAN GALLSTONES COME BACK AFTER GALLBLADDER IS REMOVED Will Saw Palmetto help with prostatitis? what can you do for back pain do to the lung cancer scan says utreus enlarged due to adenomys no pain l hardness on lowerabdomen at times, is histerectomy necessary I am not having period for 8 days.I have pain in lower abdomen.I have taken pregnancy test its negative.Am i pregnant? I have pain at the base of my thumb by the wrist. Chronic pain, weakness, tenderness to touch why would my kidney hurt? Red bumps on penis head and shaft.  I have pain in my upper left abdomen. I eat a lot of fatty foods and drink a good amount. I have no other symptoms. What is stuck in my ribs? Why would somoene experience pain on the left side of their chest? My daughter is 12 years old, and is having stomach cramps on her sides, mid to upper abdom. she is is pain. Is constant pain in the mons veneris (pubic) area common in women. Experienced Heavy clotting and Extreme bleeding after Mirena placement.They want to put it in again. Should I? something to worry about? Colon cancer? I fell in the shower and landed on my ribs. I am in severe pain and it hurts to breathe. Could I have fractured a rib?  stopped depo no period for 7 months now alot of bleeding than none same day and very bad cramping What is going on with my hip/ab? can women lactate from pms? What does it mean when your toe starts swelling and turning white underneath? With Itching and pain?  Im taking lupron its been about three wks and i believe its makin my depression act up but i have no more pain wat to do i'm trying for a baby and after just a week after sex i seem too be having what seems like symptoms is this possible Painful and Visible hard string like chord that extends from my armpit down my inner arm past elbow. I have not had a period since august 15. Ive been having cramps, lower back pain,white watery discharge, neg preg. test When I swallow, it feels like food gets to a certain point and stops, causing pain, before going on down. Why? My lower left rib hurts when I lay flat on my back for about 1 year and 4 months now. What might be wrong with my rib? Why can't I open my mouth? I don't know why my big toe drops down and causes pain. could i be pregnant? i was starting my cycle 10.04.2012 but it only lasted 4 days. 2 days were heavy 2 were light i have had stomach pain for nine months tests have been done but told nothing wrong am i imaginning the pain? Why am I having hot flashes and ovarian pain at age 23? back pain in different areas comes and goes back swells My husband was leaning on a metal rail and now that part of his chest has been sore for a month i have severe pain in my legs and 3 years ago i develope severe migranes and im only 25yrs. what could be the cause? what cause a swollen back and pain on the right side only in my back area? i have "pimples" on my penis and pelvis that I suspect are herpes. No pain. No watery sac appearance. No irritation.  I have vaginal bleeding everyday for over two cycles with no pain. I'm young and on the pill. What can be causing this? I think I may have shingles, symptoms started yesterday, I work in an ER am I putting my patient's at risk? What medication can be used for minor throat and chest pain following endoscopy?  My dad has stage 4 colon cancer with mets to the liver. He stopped chemo 8 mo ago. Now having severe constipation prob Clear vaginal discharge I occasionally experience pain during sex, but I can't figure out why it happens. What's wrong with me? I have pain on my left side below the armpit and near my back, what could it be? Painful knees. Painful in morning, The pain is less as the day progresses. bending is a problem. 5+ years on simvastatin 20mg. 12 mo. ago muscle pain upper arms, recently swithched to atorvastatin 20mg, will it help? pain in testicals fullness/presure feelin,hurts to shart urinating afteri pee hurts to walk bend,what could it be Having pain in my right side below rib cage and around the upper right back, worse when i lay down? sharp shooting pain in right eye with swelling I have Scoliosis will Chiropractic care cure or at least help relieve the pain from my scoliosis? Can airbag in an auto accident cause permanent damage or pain? What would cause a sudden sharp pain in my chest when eating raw carrots, some meats, etc? I have sharp shooting pelvic pains on the right side, and breast tenderness. this is after mestration. Should i worry? small soft dime sizelump on side of knee could this be a blood clot also had pain when deep breaths What could cause a bruise like pain feeling on right ovary before two days before period? I pulled my hip flexors a few years ago, have hip pain that keeps me up at night now that I work out more. Help? 4 1/2 months ago I crashed my mountain bike on the trails. I feel good but i still get oreness and frontal shoulder pain Is it appropriate for an MD to not prescribe a medication due to own personal issues? I've had a knee replacement in 2005. I am experiencing excurating pain in this knee when trying to bend the knee. I have chronic joint pain and body aches, my head feels a lot of pressure and fogginess, my eyes hurt as well. Help? I sprained my ankle over a month ago and I still have pains.  I was diagnosed with a ovarian cyst, now Im having pain with sex. Should I call my doctor I was diagnosed with shingles with no oubreak. I am still in alot of pain.. It's been 4 mos, how much longer w/pain? What would cause a constant dull pain, severe due sex, in the scrotum? I have a dull pain in the top of my head. I don't have a problem with sinuses so what could it be from? No one seems to know but I can't feel any pain in any of my skin area on my entire body? What does it mean? I have been having very sharp,stabbing pains down through the top rt/rear of my head.The pain almost knocks me down. I used to have bad cramps before and during my periods.This time there was no cramp and only 3 days heavy bleeding. Why? How can I get my doctor to prescribe medication and testing needing for a diabetic condition in my hands?  I have kidney stones and UTI. I still have pain when I urinate. I have been on antibiotoics for 5 days.  What can be the cause of facial pain and tingling? I have type 2 diabetes and fibromyalgia. Why is my glucose level 20 points higher when I am in pain? mild pain or aching of right testicle localized where all the strings attach to testicle, intermittent for two years now Daughter has pain at her side and many UTI's for the past year. Pelvis and kidney ultra sounds came out clean. My right eye has been red and hurting for 4 days now. I also have a small yellowish lump on my sclera. What is it? im 21 and cannot orgasm or stay wet during sex and its only been this past year whats going on? testicle and stomach pain drinking soda How do I kinow if the pain in my calf is a Blood clot? Should I wear a knee brace since I had surgery and now have OA i am having a severe migraine that wont go away and now i am having severe pain behind both ears in the bone can my neck pain be causing my earache Continuous back pain I had a stinging on my leg then a blister. The blister drained and refilled. Now scabbing, red and very sore. Any Idea I have a stone stuck in one of my kidneys-(MRI); they say it shouldn't cause any pain but I do. Any suggestions? Thanks. Sometimes when i turn my neck sudden i get a very sharp pain almost like a jolt up the back of my head to my brain. After finishing antibiotics for an infected pilonidal cyst, I still have some pain in the area. Is it still infected? Can lumbar spinal stenosis it cause severe pain in your leg? Why do I still have blood and pus in urine after two rounds of antibiotics? i am having leg pain that gets worse in the evening with swelling of my right leg and throbbing pain what could it be? does degenerative disc disease in all cervical vertabras cause pain neck stiffness dr says i shouldn't have pain.... Cause of Elbow Pain? knee cap pain white growth on upper gum. Granular in nature. Minimal pain i have had chest pains for 4 months, for last 2 weeks pain in top of left arm Is it anything to worry about if i got ache left arm. Don't want to waste anybody time.Dizzy and chest pain, Was in shower this morning, slipped and fell and hit the back of my neck on the toilet. Should I see the doctor or not?   Can I ever get shingles on the opposite side of my body from the first outbreak? Dull pain jabbing at times on right side down below breast What can my chest pain possibly be? I have lower back pain when I have to have a bowel movement is this a sign of some other problem? Im constipated everyday, bleed small amounts after bowel movement only when constipated, what might I have? Will a hospital help my tooth pain? I had my tubes tied 6 years ago but I have been expriencing serious pain in my lower left side could I be pregnant? What could sudden lower back pain, nausea and then it moving to the abdomen be? It has happened 2x's since yesterday. I have a rash on my lower legs just above ankles-no pain and no itching. Is this a circulation problem or what? I have a rash on my lower legs just above ankles-no pain and no itching. Is this a circulation problem or what? My 27 month old looks like she has all 20 teeth but complains of mouth pain and refuses food what could be problem?  My son is urinating frequently, but only at night. No pain with it. What could cause this? how effective is spinal decompression for low back pain? Feeling of a knot on left side after eating, just below rib cage. Do I still have kidney stones? I have unbearable pain in my leg....from my knee to my hip what ar symptoms of angina pectoris in women? When I fast walk, I have excruciating pain from below my knee to my foot? Why? I was diagnosed with MRSA in mid Sept on my nose. Why does the healed spot still hurt and tingle/ich? I got a bumps or some hard lump on back of my ear,can any one say me what is that? At night, I sleep on my sides. When I lay on my right side for very long, my outer ear will fall asleep. What can i do. why do I have pain in the back of my left pelvic just below the illac crest. I am male and have a history of back pain. My little brother is throwing up after he said he ate a chicken nugget that was red inside what could it be? im having swelling of my left lower leg and shin pain, why is happening? im having swelling of my left lower leg and shin pain, what is happening and why? do drugs prescribed for pain have any impacts on Dyslexia How long do I need to wait between teh 1st and 2nd cortizone shots for trigger finger (thumb) right elbow in constante discomfort and will pop, at night it's so irritated,and uncomfortable it keeps me awake. why? I have bad pain at the end of my left tisticle espicially when touched. Causes slight pain over the last 2 weeks i was wrestling and was slammed to the ground. ever since i have been experiencing chest pain when i sneeze,breathe,etc My sister is in her 30's, she can't open her mouth, sallow, in lots of pain, and can't talk or walk. I have a pain in the lower right side of my abdomen. I have a slight, dull pain below my right rib cage ( a 2 on a scale of 1-10). I have had it for 3 weeks.  Is overhead pressing and pulling important in training? chest neck arm pain began 2or3 years ago aft heavy work . lasting 30 mins. now any activity even showerlasts 8hrsor more What should I do for the pain and to cure my sinusitus? Ear aches and hard time hearing I am having intense left foot and knee pain. They are both swollen and a redish purple. No injury can't bend my toes. After sex and for days I experience the feeling that my insides are falling out and it is painful. What could it be? What medication is best for shingle pain after rash is gone its been going on for three months Can a slight trauma or injury exacerbate lumbar spinal stenosis? why have i got a sore/burning vagina I have pain in my throat when i breathe in and a constant pain in my right shoulder.  I'm 28 yrs old and my chest feels heavy, almost like muscle pain in the chest. Is it anxiety or something worse? Green discharge from the drainage tubes I got after my double mastectomy. Is this bad? Should i go to the er Can hydrocodone 5/acetaminophen (for pain) be taken with Ciprofloxacin (antibiotic to treat infection if present)? what can cause vaginal discharge and pain? could my 5 yo son have gall bladdr problems? ulcer what to do,eat what not to do and eat? What should I do if i am experiencing pain in my pelvic area and have not gotten my period in 1 1/2 months? Fecal odor even right after showering. I am experiencing a Strong Oder and a LOT of thick discharge from my Vagina is this symptoms of an STD or something else I am having really bad chest pains and they will not stop I have had them for 4 days now My brother is dilusional and paranoid. What can I do to help him. I have an intense pain from my knee to ankle on the right side of my right leg, it gets really bad when walking. How long does it take for a vagina to return to normal after vaginal birth? chest burning /pain sensation why am i having lower pain on the left side of my stomach  I hit my head on a wooden pole very hard.  What can cause upper stomach pain, indigestion, and gas accompanied by a dull aching pain in my back? What are some physical symtoms that are caused by Thyroid disease? I have severe abdomenal pain. I get stomach spams whenever I eat or drink anything. I'm nauseous all the time. pain in hip and cause above inside ankle to ach and become numb Do I need to take my daughter to the doctor if she has mild signs of clostridium difficile. 12 year old son has lump, pain, and clear fluid(when squeezed) in the right nipple.  Sx: severe rectal bleeding with blood clots, constipation, cramping in lower ab after eating, occasional upper ab pain. i take endocet for pain is there something better I'm having severe constant stabbing pain in the top of my left shoulder. Hurts when I breathe. What's going on?  i am a gonorrhea patient. but i never had sex. i just kissed a girl twice. so what is the reason?i m so depressed.pls hp Mom has extreme fatigue and abdominal pain. She's been to the doctor and her illness remains undiagnosed. Suggestions? I was seen in local er for sever headache on Monday, had ct and lumbar puncture, now still have headache neck/back pain What can cause sharp,stabbing transient eye pain what happens if the Surgical mesh from a hernia surgery from 10 years ago starts to cause pain Can the cause of trigeminal neuralgia ,whether vessel or tumor, cause vision problems? what would cause nausea, all over body ache, blood in stool, abdomenal pain, flu like symtoms? mirena - should i consult doc? Was at gym. On ab crunch machine, pushed too heavy weight and felt a pop in my stomach. Felt like something stuck out. arthritis in ankle, rubbing bone on bone, and sports(basketball). will they ever coexist for me? I have had bright red blood in my stool for over a week. I have felt no pain or discomfort since this started. Pain in penis shaft while urinating also a milky discharge at times. STD tests are negative. I am a 55 year old male.  In addition to medication, is there anything that can be done at home to ease diabetic neuropathy? I have pain in my lower right side what can it be it been go on for two day Do Oxycodone or Hydrocodone contain codiene? no movement in 2 days hurts to try major sharp tearing pain in low L front belly passing gas coughing moving cause pain Left Chest pains while running I have frequent chest pain; However, when I take a Tums or GasEx, It seems to relieve the pain a bit....what is this? I have been told that I have diverticulitis, and with anti-biotics I keep getting a temperature back and some ab pains. Is there a pain reliever that will neither keep me awake nor make me sleepy, for early evening? Having pain on right side along bottom of rib cage. What are possible causes Endometriosis-I've had 2 surgeries (findings were small) and still have a huge amount of pain. Can it be anything else? Why does my shoulder still hurt 3 months after a Tdap vaccine? Is there anything I can do to stop the burning pain? I have heard that Vitamin B12 is helpful for joint pain. If so, what would be the recommended dosage? Yesterday I started vomiting and running a fever of 101 F. Over 24 hrs later, I am experiencing sever abdominal pain. i have constant pain in my vagina bone. it is tender to the touch. I have pain in and around my shoulder, including my neck and ribs right below the shoulder. What could the problem be? What is normal dosage of gabapentin for relief from shingles pain? My husband has been having chest pain, could his medicines be the cause? Does pain in flank area indicate bladder infection. Taking ciprofloxacin but pain has been in same area since January. Should a person go to the ER if urinating with pain and bright color blood drops? my husband just had his appendix taken out 11 days ago and the doctor told him to return to work 3 days ago.  Dull pain on upper right abdomen? No fever, 98.9 Threw up once. It all started after having a bowel movement.  Can macular degeneration cause pain? Does kidney stone in the kidney cause pain? what could cause constant abdominal pain above the naval and below the rib cage in the center.  have severe pain Lvl, 10 lasts for minutes to hrs. after the pain lets up the area is very sore 4wks, then disappears. My daughter is 20 weeks pregnant and was accidently hit on the side of her stomach, near hip. Is baby and uterus ok?  My last period went for three months straight, it ended 15 days ago and now it started again, is that bad? Rectal area pain when #2 is low and ready to evacuate. Once evacuated no pain except for minor pain when sitting. Water in ear extremely painful, causes disorientation and sever headaches. what can i take for pain if im also on naproxen? pain pill addiction I have hallucinations of cuts on my arm and i can actually feel the physical pain of the cuts on my arm. I suspect AAA might be causing my abdominal pain. Should I see my long time cardiologist or family Dr about my symptoms? My 4 year old grandson has a good strong stream of urine but it goes sideways. Will he grow out of this? Doc required? Headache at the base of the skull where it meets the spine. Sudden onset during sex. Reoccuring everytime. Sharp pain all of a sudden in my upper abdomen and sharp pain in upper back area. Iam 12 years old what could this be. My daughter is 12 and is in sever pain. what kinds of questions should I be asking before seeking medical attn. I woke up this morning with an excruciating pain in my foot. It is painful to touch and is hot to the touch. Not a cramp How long after being hit in TMJ area, should pain be sharp when touching it and opening mouth? My daughter is 6, she is constanting complaining of stomach hurting on RLQ, c/o after eats, need ct? what can i do if i had an excruciating facial pain going down from my right cheek all the way up to my ears? i am 37 weeks pregnant, what are the sharp vaginal pains that make it seem like my baby is stabbing me from the inside? if i am worried about breast cancer because of the pain should i go to the er? Had a pin inserted into by broken arm in 1974. Could it cause pain and weakness after all those years? my 5 year old has stomach pains and cant poop. My Mom liver was tested in April at 57, then August at 43, then late November(last Friday) at 61. All of her other  I have severe pain accominied by snapping and popping in my lower spinal area what causes it and should i be concerned? Why is my genital boil bleeding after I put ointment on it? Should I stop using this particular medication? I am 35 almost 36 weeks pregnant, I have developed sharp fading back pain. Labor? i think im having a outbreak of shingles on my head what can i do to stop the feeling i need to pull my hair out?  My daughter 16 has female jock-ich then she shaved her pubic area and the bumps are horrible. Shes in so much pain shes  I have a lot of pelvic pain, nausea, and a smelly vaginal discharge, am I pregnant? I have had a left knee replacement using the Zimmer Flex LPS and I have had nothing but pain in the knee and outside,  im a 45 yr old white female have mitral valve regertation.i pushed my shin bone it stayed dented no pain or swelling?? I am 61 female, I have a heart murmur with HBP and high Colrestoral I have chest pains on and off is this dangerous my 2 month old grand daughter, cries as if she is in pain and it happens more often in the evenings, is this normal? Lump of fluid on my ear, do I have cauliflower ear? what is the strongest pain reliever a doctor can perscribe to you? what causes pain in the heel when walking when i go #2 i feel something come out then go back in when im done it hurts! any thoughts? ive been using hemroid cream what could be the cause of light bright red bleeding post period with a foul smell and lower abdominal pain. I have intermittent right side middle quadrant pain, almost as if something is pinching me inside every 15 or 30 minute will an umbilical hernia heal itself? Right side of tummy hurts :( my husband has very bad stomach pains, diarrhea, vomitting green and is diabetic. she he go to the er? I am a mma fighter with Oa of the knee what can I do to reduce the pain in my knee while training  I have a pale clay looking stool with the consistency of caulk, bloating, and stomach pains.  Why does your heart rate go up when your sick. Iv had low grade fever and sinus pain for over a week. im 36 f . what diagnosed deals with headache, vomiting, nausea, abdmonial pain? I can feel a pulsating mass in my epigastric region and I have really bad lower back pain bothsides. Are they related? After sex this morning I got stomach cramps that turned into SHARP constant stabbing pain from vag. to my anus. Ideas? I'm feel a constant desire to urinate, no fever, no pain and no burning or discomfort. What could be happening? I had ankle surgery 8 yrs ago--6 screws and a plate. Now I have swelling and pain. Why, after all this time? I am having a sharp spasm like pain in the back of my left leg about 5 inches above the knee. Should I be concerned. I have pain in the upper-outside part of my right heel. Can this be caused by driving and resting my heel on the floor? DOES LOU GEHRIG DISEASE CAUSE LOW TESTORONE LEVELS my daughter got a concussion about 6 months ago and she is still in a lot of pain, her head hurts like crazy need help what to do if you cant get a diagnosis but continue to suffer from chest pain and elevated heart rate? I have a lipoma on my left thigh. I've been having pain near it but not on the spot. Should I ask my doctor about it?  for the pst 2mo i have had 3 periods, first 2 normal the last one is still going and it is day 13  Ate glass. Freaked out and puked. Now, it feels like there is acid in my stomach all the time. Am I going to die? no period in 2 months. 2 negative preg tests. cramps and pains in my pelic area lower abdomin. whats wrong with me? can I use acetaminophen with celebrex.  What is wrong with me?  After sitting for a while, 10-15 minuntes, I cannot stand until me knee has a chance to straighten out for 15 to 20 sec. I just had flu and my cough will not go away. I've had a mild fever for 10 days. Pain in left chest/back when coughing. I have swelling, tenderness and heat throughout my whole foot. Could it be gout? My wife is having stomach pain and bleeding. She says her breasts feel bigger and heavier. She is on the pill. Thoughts? Pain in lower right side of abdamon. usually after bowel movement. Thoughts? is it ok to take 10mg oxycontin while using 25mcg fentanyl 3 day patches for sever pain. My girlfriend is peeing blood and has back pains. She doesnt want to go to the doctor yet... Any help. Please Back pain has lasted longer than 3 months. What do I do? what can i do for a fractured lower jaw thats infected can this medication ciprofloxacn 500mg tab be used for sore thoat and chest pain ? I have pain in my left side between the ribs and the hip i stubbed my toe yesterday and now my toe hurts and i have pain going up my foot. should i go to the doctor or not? i am having bleeding after my stool and just this past month it has happened at least 5 times... compltd 2 wks of antibotics and medrol pack. Still have sever pain in lung area, plerasie. How long does plerasie last? I have a baby tooth being my adult tooth, i cant afford a dentist til next month, but its causing me alot of pain. cyst like structure under follicle in groin area. hard and caves inward. should I worry? I hit my right hand on a metal fixturea few days ago, now im having a hard time opening and closing my hand. I am getting dull knee join pain after a long walk or cycling. I was walking 5 km a day during the college time. About a week ago I had a severe ear ache for one day, ear ache gone now and feels like fluid inside my ear?  Chances of being pregnant after having unprotected sex within the 10th-12th week of being on the depo shot? Why would my butthole hurt? What causes pounding heart, chest discomfort, pain between shoulder blades for 3 months? I get these sharp pains almost like something is blowing up in the back of my head? Shap abdominal pain in upper left side of a male??? I am a 57 year old man and both niples hurt. It doesn't feel like surface pain, it's more of a deep dull pain.  i have NO interest in sex. don't hurt,enough lubrication,get along great,just don't care anymore--why? I am taking tamiflu for the flu but why is my throat still hurting after being on meds for 2 days? Do you know what I could have or best thing to fix this diarrhea that I have had for days now? what causes rt leg pain tingling twitching numbness, thrashing when in one position too long/ Is Requip the only treat? i have abdominal pain in my lower region for past two days. is this due to implantation of egg? 7 year having trouble moving his bowels I've been having a pain in my chest, it comes and goes. Should I be concerned?  Are there hidden side effects for taking high doses of ibuprofen? My 3 year old just had his tonsiles removed. and he refusing to drink. Can giving him a bath help with hydration? Took pills late 2 days in a row after sex with a maybe leaked condom. Chance of pregnancy? Have been on Yaz for 2 years. Im having lower back pains, and im having pains in my pelvic area and I am leaking urine for no reason. can ear infection cause neck and shoulder pain I have pain on my right wrist which started after doing heavy (45kg) lateral pulls at the gym. Should I be worried? can over masturbation cause soreness and a odor on left inner thigh of a male why are my gums white looking today? slight pain on one of testicles Can being in severe pain cause sugar glucose levels to rise to higher than normal levels? small little flap inside my cheek ,can move it up and down with my tongue. White spot on the tip, like a canker sore. Could my ankle ligament be torn again? numbness on left side of face, neck, arm.  what is the treatment for nerve pain in knee and leg? Im an adult, have no pain in my ears, but had a severe headache for past 2 weeks then now my right ear is "stopped up" what would cause pain in abdoman and mid-back area, streching or taking deep breaths, after gallbladder removal surgery? I have some kidney stones in my bladder. Causing much pain and discomfort. Going to Dr. this week. What can he do? having stomach pains, mostly in the evening, after 5. feels like contractions but contstant. goes away after some time. I am taking antibiotic, can this cause lower abdomen pain and increase urination? sharp pain in lower right back during sex, regularly but not all the time, always on the right side? i just started working out and while doing abs i have an extremely bad pain in the lower right section, is this bad? i was just treated for a sinus infection but still feel bad- do i head back to the doc? 6th month of pregnancy, no pain but can feel a soft, sac like something in my vagina, what is this? I had hernia surgery 10 yrs ago. a noticed a little round ball recently near the incesion area. Should I be concerned? Sharp pain above right nipple, frequent heartburn, and a clogged feeling in throat... is this an ulcer? will doctors allow u 2 take pain meds and use marajuana now that it is legal in nour state My mom has been on Megace for 3 weeks and just started with stomach pain. Is this normal? i stand for 8 hours a day and have pain all day long when i come home and still for awhile its stiff and hard to walk? Would taking something like Chondroitin and or ginger help in the relief gout? these are recommened for joint pain. I have pain in my lower right abdomen right below my ribs after I drink alcohol. My skin is very sensitive to touch, moreso on my back and neck. It constantly stings and feels sunburned Ive been doing suboxene for about a year,but have slowed down alot.I just found out im preg. Dont want to hurt the baby! what could cause my 2 year old wake up at night like he is in pain many times though the night  wore a boot, pinchy feeling on toe, now discolored on toe. no pain to touch now. about a week ago..concern or not? why are the backs of my hands drying out? Im am having severe pain in the left side of my body, right above the waistline, what could this be if you are having kidney pain where is the location on your body I became sexually aroused without relieving myself and now feel a dull pain in my left testicle, happened when 10 now 17 been having problems with my kidneys for over a year and sypmtoms of Diabetes Accidentally stabbed ear with q tip can I lose hearing from this? What can I do for a urinery track infection constant pain in lower back, hip, tummy. bowl movement not happing without help from laxitives Three months ago a lump started forming inside my right testicle. Coughing and sneezing cause extreme pain. Is it cancer What does it mean when you pass a HUGE blood clot during your period? pain from healed broken femur with hole in muscle What could cause abdominal pain to last 2weeks and the cause a bile movement of white stool and diarrhea? my wife had rash in her upper part of vagina. was seen after the intercourse.looks the rash occured due to intercourse Back of the head pain for 2 months. It's unbearable to stand or sit up but goes away when lying down. Any ideas? Should someone with lower back pain see a doctor or a chiropractor?  pain in the LLQ, temp only 94-95F, cough, weak, dizzy, sick to stomach what shold i do been getting worse times 3 days Is it normal to have drainage and pain the day after a cyst was drained at the doctor's office? I have a lot of sudden urges to go pee and then when I go not much comes out. Bladder infection or more serious? Was skiing and fell on my knee cap. Now 3 days later I just heard a pop and its throbbing and its severe pain! what do i do when my anxiety causes me mental and physical pain? I twisted my foot 2 weeks ago and now have intence pressure and pain at the 5th metatarsal. What should I do? Just exactly what are the long term effects on the body if addiction to pain medication goes untreated? What causes severe headaches daily that make you cry, pain behind the ear, and pain in the neck with stiffness?  i had a flu shot in october and still have shoulder and arm pain.what is wrong?  bullied for years and eventually i knew what it was like to be alone in the world..... should i go see a doctor if im pregnant and having lower belly pressure and lower back pain and im nasuea Very bad stomach pain in the mornings. I have a yellow discharge...no sex for a month..no smell or irritation just gotta keep pantyliners on...not sure?? have torn tendon from bone in shoulder. pain and discomfort and limited use. Should I have surgery to repair? my sister had a miscarriage. when she gets up and moves around she has abdominal pain and flow gets heavier. is this ok What can taking pain pills and drinking alcohol with SVT and high blood pressure cause? I felt a painful pop in my shoulder when I pulled my toolbag . Now I can hardly lift my arm and my bicep feels pain. My son has been vomiting for about 5 hours and has pain in lower right side of abdomen, but no fever. What to do? Sharp temporary cramping under left rib cage? It comes and goes throughout the day. Hurts to breathe. My nose and nostrils are swollen and painful after a severe cold. How do I get rid of the pain and swelling? had a xray done found fluid around heart waiting on test to be done but having pains on right side by breast what to do? I have pain in my right elbo and numbnes in my fingers. What is it?  My son is 1 and has constipation, what over the counter medicines can he have? Can pain be used has for of terapy to cure some mental health conditions?  My wrist is not swollen, but is in very bad pain what could this be? I have pain up and down my left arm. It hurts so bad that I have trouble sleeping. I am seeing wavy motion in my peripheral vision. What could be causing this? Lower back pain. Tried my Homedics massager, two Salonpas patches 2.5x1.5, heating pad...what else? Nothing working. I can feel bumps on my cervix, my husband can too. I had a normal pap 1 1/2 years ago. Could I have cervical cancer? what pain medicines are not processed through the liver? I had two molars pulled 2 days ago Now I'm bleeding from a part of the wound it wont stop What can I do to stop it? i have had coin sized lump under the skin on my lower outer thigh for a couple months. Feel rush of small pain up leg.  have pain in the right side of my neck that goes way up into a terrible headache on the right side of my head Does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity? what could persistent pain in both of my achilllies tendon be cause by or is it a symptom of something else? I have had variocele in my left testicle since 7th grade, now i felt a bump behind and under the same teste. what is it? Is there pain associated with bacteria vaginosis What can cause constant lower back pain and a dull pain that occurs on the underside of my pelvic area? (male)Recurring post-ejaculatory "cramp-like" pain in the lower abdomen. What could it be? Seek medical help? Am I Pregnant? will adema from congetive heart failure go away on its own I'm 21 years of age now. Can I still be getting growing pains? When I was younger I had them in the same location. How will I know when the pulmonary embolism is gone? i have severe pain in the muscle of my arm. my arm is weak and hurts when i bend or stretch it. what's the cause? What could it be? GOT AN EARACHE WHEN WATER IN IT AND IT HAS BEEN 2 WEEKS SHE STILL HAS PAIN AND A LITTLE LOSS OF HEARING WHAT TO DO Following a blow to the nose, I have severe pain but no bleeding or bruising. Could my nose be broken? I've had chronic stomach pain for three days. What could be going on? Constant throbbing pain above my right eye socket. how long is it ok to let my 1 year old cry it out Is it common for my 6 year old daughter to have "charlie horses" in her calves at night? Her diet is pretty healthy. Severe chest and back pain in right side for last 3 days gets worse during sleep or breathe out hard. should i go to ER? What can cause pain on the surface of the kneecap? It is sensitive only to touch or to kneel on, but no other problems. migraine chronic I am asking for direction to expert help as clinic/specilist that I can contact past the neurologist  is it normal to experience extreme pain after being treated for genital warts? Is it common to for the pain of plantar fasciitis to increase after completing the strectch exercises? What should my son eat when it hurts to eat? (He's dangerously underweight) i have blood in my urine, male, 50 yoa, had fever/headache yesterday, feel better today My boyfriend has stress related anxiety attacks, how do i stop them? I have a rash on both hands very dry and causes pain. What is it? Two months ago I started having some severe pain where my right leg meets my hip. Its back again. What could it be? I went to an ENT who put the thing used to look inside my ears too deeply inside them and they still hurt 3 days later. How much vicodin can be taken for pain? Would you recommend taking a pregnancy test?  how to stop taking neurontin What does it mean to have pressure and pain in the eyes? When I look up or to the side, it hurts i went to the doctor and am being treated for strep but after three days of antibiotics How can you tell the difference between kidney stone pain and appendix pain? my girlfriend period hasn't stop and it's been 4 months I feel like I have internal hemorrhoids, but I don't think they are supposed to cause pain, what do I have? Why can't my pain management doctor get the epidual in the correct spot that hurts? have copd need a pain narcotic that won't suppess my breathing Why can I not get anymore than 2 or 3 hours of sleep a night and sometimes less? I have pain in my shoulder joint.Most when my arm is fully extended. No injury to note. what would cause this? The inside of my r knee is chronically in pain. Worse after walking. Anit-iflamatory and icing have not worked. MCL inj? what causes testicular pain radiating to your kidneys Normal period no STDs or cancer or abnormalties... Why so much pain during deep penetration? My 3 year old had a fever for the past 2 days. She is complaining of stomach pain and can't urinate. what could cause a strange gasping sound in the middle of my chest as i rotate upper torso? pain is associated White particles in my urine? 77 year old male sufering from pain in joint in legs I felt a small dull pain in the back of knee that spread throughout the whole knee during the course of the day. What if I am getting pale color stools on a regular basis but with out feeling pain from gallbladder? is pain from blood clots in one certain spot? i have sharp pain in random places in my calves  pain under right breast, had gallbladder removed years ago, no coughing or fever, usually at night  Periodic, almost daily simultaneous Shoulder blade, throbbing neck, and indigestion, causing overall pain. Cause/name? Had pneumonia on Jan 1, doctor gave 5 days of medicine. 95% gone, however when I cough, I get a pain in my upr Left arm How does a young woman get help for a hemorrhaged ovarian cyst. She's quite ill--a doctor now saying bladder infection. I have lightning bolt types of pain shooting through different parts of my body including my head what does this mean?  pain in left groin area and can't lift left leg in mornings to put shorts on Is it possible to adjust the sacroiliac joint so that it drops down allowing the pelvis to tilt back into place.  Doctor can't find my Abdominal pain. I've had 3 CT Scans, Endoscopy and Colonoscopy formation of hard skin after injuri. why does my 6 year old son poop while he is asleep Is MRSA Pneumonia contagious? Heavy bleeding for 2 days, 8 days before period... Pain in the groin area. I can barely stand up and walk after sleeping and sitting for long periods.  having right adominal pain in my side  adominal pain Bronchitis - Taking Amoxicilian  wife has blood clot in leg and taking shots for this and has leg elavated but still has pain in leg. what else can we do My wife is taking clonazepam for depression, what can I do to ease her pain? my boyfriend hasnt been able to poop nothin in 3 days and is having stomach pain Yesterday i checked my weight and it was 54 and when i checked today it said 51 in different scale is it possible? I am having pain in the left side of my abdominal...also tenderness and soreness...possible cause.. all of a sudden I have pain in my chest and back when I swallow or take a deep breath. any other time, I am fine. My wife was diagnosed with C Diff, on Flagyl for 3 and a half days and now in lots of pain and vomiting. hernia surgery,dark redness in penis shaft.looks like blood build up? No pain and incision area looks clean and well. what could it mean if urine comes out white and the consistancy is like water mixed with flour?  What does it mean when your eyes hurt and then it causes pain to your head? This happenes to me very often. Is it ok for me to take Adipex if i have had a couple chest pains while excercisng? Can prednisone 100 mg tablets cause mouth sores ? They were prescibed by GP for my elderly father's leg pain. During high intensity workouts, my chest has a sharp pain, after rest for a few minutes it goes away. Is this bad? i slipped on ice fell flat on back now when i breath or cough i get sever stabbing like pain on right side what to do My grandfather has been laid up with a foot problem: Burning, aches, body-wracking pain, has been going on for 20 days. does nerv damage in your back or neck prevent you from working? I am experiencing pain in my back, all over body weakness, lack of appetite and I noticed my eyes are a yellowish color. I have all symptoms of my gallblader. Dr dismissed it gave me muscle relax.pain is slowly coming back. What should I do? Do i have a sinus infection i have blood in my snot when i blow my nose?(mornings)slight pain in eyes certain directions I have been bleeding for 30 days or more bright red blood with dark clots increasing pain in my abdominal and back . Strained QL? Tinglyness, Bothersome to mild pain, really bothersome in mornings, goes away after i take Motrin. HELP! i was runing sprints recently and now I am experiencing pain behind my right knee...should I see a doctor? I am 52 and periods are infrequent. having one now, 3wks long. this last week very heavy and a lot of big clumps. deep hunger pains after being sick for two days? What can I do to ease the pain because food isn't working. What type of specialist should I find to help with my fibromyalgia? I think I have a Kidney stone could it make me lightheaded and weak along with the severe pain in my side I have years of chronic pain all they do is test blood or act as if I don't know best. how can I get cat scan order? Im 21 weeks pregnant and i had a sharp pain under my left breast. the deeper i breathe the painful it gets. What is it? I have extreme lower back/hip pain (right side) neasua, loss of appetite, and not urinating as often. Any advise? why does the penis retract while running Painful Lump in the armpit - is it cancerous or common? Iwhat could cause bleeding and pain during sex, ive been with same man for 1 1/2 and last 3 times had pain and bleeding Is rubber band litigation used in external hemorrhoids? If you have condition that cannot be diagnosed, and is unknown to world, who do you talk to next? how often can you get steroids shots for back pain? everyday i get what feels like a toothache in my gum (no tooth there) and pain goes all the way down side of my neck. Lower back pain be a sign of pregnancy? My lower right side of my back, right above my hip I have pain and stiffness in my back,shoulders,knees,and hips.It has gotten worse over tha past year. what do i have? Lower back pain be a sign of pregnancy? My lower right side of my back, right above my hip got kicked in my testicle...about an hour ago...left...pain What type of doctor is best to diagnose neck and shoulder pain? My right eye is in pain and is constantly leaking. What could be the cause? There is no redness. I am on Implanon, do not have periods but I have been cramping I am breast feeding but they have been fuller than usual, Knee Pain? My 9 year old daughter is having sharp pains in her right side and shortness of breath, should i take her to the er? What would be causing sharp pains in my abdomen even when I'm not on my period? What kind of mattress do you recommend for a person suffering from neck and shoulder pain? I have a shooting pain the goes down the right side of my head everything I stand up. What causes this? I ate yesterday for lunch and all day after I had bad stomach pain in my upper abdomen. I couldn't sleep because it hurt Can tailbone pain be cause by stress? Pain in upper right arm which limits motion. Painful to move arm above my head. I'm having chest pains and a hard time breathing, what could it be? can sinus infection lead to abcess tooth? What could be causing pain in my upper left side under my ribs? Why am I getting migraines in my sleep through my neck? For shoulder pain radiating down arm is heat or cold better? woman with stabbing pain in lowre left abdomin almost groin Stabbing pain in rib cage and collar bone? I have stomach pain cause by a lactose issue, what medicine can i take to eleviate stomach pain besides avoiding dairy why is an ultrasound needed after an x-ray? 40's male with abdominal and lower back pain and excessive sleep Fell on stairs a week and a half ago. There is bruising and soreness, and pain on tailbone. Could I have fractured it? what does it mean when you have bilateral swollen glands on your neck? no pain, visible, 1 yr I still have pain and swelling at 8 weeks post op from total knee replacement surgery. Any suggestions to help? 2WEEK OLD WOOD SPLINTER CUT IN MY HAND IS STARTING TO SWELL, WITH SOME PAIN. WHAT KIND OF DOCTOR WOULD HANDLE THIS??? 2WEEK OLS WOOD SPLINTER CUT IS STARTING TO SWELL, WITH SOME PAIN. WHAT KIND OF DOCTOR WOULD HALDLE THIS??? i have had a large hard lump on my testicle for many years. it has tripled in size since i first discovered it. it hurts i am a 31 yr old female, i have burning pain in my lower center abdomen. What can it be? What can cause pain in the chest and continiues through the back? possible cause of a severe headache with radiating lower back pain I have a fluid bulb on the outside of my right eye. The eye hurts and my vision is blurry what do you take for pain when you got a traumatic brain injury can internal hemorrhoids cause back and leg pain Hey, should I see our athletic trainer? Can a woman have sympathy pain for another woman who is menstruating? something at the top of my leg at the glute/groin popped and now i can hardly walk. What happened? I hit my head on a machine about a month ago and it swell up and went down within days. Bruise still there. No Pain. can internal hemorrhoids cause leg and back pain Could charley horses possibly strengthen the muscles? my bf and i had sex 2/28 got period 3/1 it came early., i feel crampy and have back pain, coukd i be pegnant? my bf and i had sex 2/28 got period 3/1 it came early., i feel crampy and have back pain, could i be pregnant? does shoulder bursitis pain go down the arm? How swollen does your testicle have to get before it is serious? Should I continue having ovary pain after it has been removed? I have been spotting for 4wks w/abnormal clots (fiberous looking) and lower abdomen pain. What could be wrong? Is it safe to "push through" fibromyalgia pain? My 7 year old daughter complained of pain and when looking her clitoris looked like it was errect. what can cause this DO I HAVE OSTEOARTHRITIS?  for the past month, everytime I eat I get very bad stomach pain that can last for 30 min, what this a sign of?female,24 Bleeding after sex, pain during urination - not chlamydia, not UTI. Carpal Tunnel Post-op Pain--Am wondering if it really takes a year or > from open-release CT surgery to be pain-free? Can you have both Fibromyalgia and RSD? I ovulated on the 7th March, and had sex on that same day... What are the possibilities of my being preganant What should I do about diarrhea lasting more than a week? I sometimes get really bad knee pain during my period, does anybody else get this? or know what causes it? Cramping pain under ribcage when I twist my upperbody. Any ideas? Instant relief/ solution to chest pain and acute heartburn? Doubled over in pain- what really works? Need help asap PLEASE! I'M IN PAIN! Does anyone know back/spine things? My lower back is killing me!(I'm still a teen too)(I'm begging) BACK PAIN WORSE AT NIGHT. Why is this bad? What are the odds of having a partial hysterectomy and then getting pregnant? i had a toenail removed and i am experiancing pain and discomfort is this normal? Should non-sexually active teens have access to Birth Control, especially when they have severe cramping? Is the pain from shingles only when you touch the infected area or is it constant? I feel grinding in my hips and have severe back stiffness and pain. Is that normal?  why would i be fine one day and the other all of a sudden be so off balence when i try to walk or stand.  I've been diagnosed with genital herpes I've had my 1st outbreak. Why am I having so much pain in my pelvic area? Scratched my ear opening with a fingernail a few days ago, now it's really painful. Infection? I have a red, swollen, pimple like area on my stomach that is very sore and is hard (ish) about 3 inches in diameter For 3 days now I have not been able to keep anything down. sharp pains in my side. headachs, vomit dirrah, but no fever? does lidocaine cure canker sores on your throat? I have pain around my pelvic area when having sex during my ovulation period only. what could be happning to me? Would/could a stye cause pain in the ear, jaw and head? Is it common to have one ear infected yet have pain in the opposite ear? My aunt steals pain killers and she is bipolar. Does bipolar cause her to steal? Pain lower right side everything comes back norma what to do? What is it called when you have a small painful bump on your eyeball? Experienced extreme chest pain, due to taking to much Advil.  3-5 months, hot poker stabbing through chest and out shoulder pain, deep breath worsens/spreads, 10-15 mins then gone. Normal 30 day cycle - 1 week after period had bright red blood in thick stretchy CM - am I ovulating? I am TTC My 5 y/o is always complaining of stomach pains, what could it be? A tapeworm? galbladder issues? My daughter has mono, when do I need to see a doctor for the spleen area pain? I am currently only 18 years old. I have a very sharp paing in the mid region of my back. It hurts the most when i lifted heavy object in the AM back started to hurt at night, is this a pulled muscle or slipped disc Is plantar fasciitis associated with arch pain? why is sex so painful and then I start to bleed? I accidently overdosed on Tylenol by taking 21 in a 12 hour period. It is a few days later and I have no symptoms. pregnant girlfriend, having constant severe headaches, severe nausea and severe lower back pain for a couple days now Large red bump leaking puss on the back of the head. In 2007 I got stress fractures on both knees. Is it normal to still have severe pain after that many years? what supplement will prevent the post workout muscle pain Red patches on head of penis, bad odor. It has been 12 years since last sex. No pain. my hand feels lke its numb and tinglie like its asleep but the feeling wont go away and at night i wake with pain what would cause rectal bleeding and low back pain? Doctor test results in mail states I am fine, but i noticed protien in urine test was 30mg/fl a abnormal amount. Pain upper right side abdom and back w naus,freq urina,no vom,no fever,no gallbladder. On ibs,pain meds daily. Appendix? How long until z-pack works for strep? Started yesterday and throat is still hurting bad. can disc issues at c-3 and c-4 cause lower back and right shoulder pain? Can the application of the product "Biofreeze" to the penis cause long term damage? My 6 yr old is vomiting clear liquid but some yellow/green for about 7 hours with tummy pain. Can I give her anything? Should I see a specialist about an ongoing UTI? My back hurts when I breath, very tired and 2 doses antibiotics failed. what if heat and ice don't help the pain in my back from a herniated disc? what are the chances of being pregnant Left tonsil swollen and pain behind left ear What could this be? Pain and burning starting in the feet and going up body all the way to back of neck.(feet,groin,neck how to get fluid behind the eardrum to drain i have and enlarged spleen and the pain is worse then ever should i go to hospital? why do my arms fall asleep My 5 year old was bitten by tick behind the ear and now her lympnoyd is swollen. Should I worry? No fever and no pain  why does my tailbone hurt while setting and gets worse when I stand up to the point it takes my breath.  Can a strep throat that was trated with antibiotics cause joint pain and swelling? Sounds like one ear is pluged, but there is no hearing loss. no pain. what is going on? i have recently gone through menopause and my female parts are always sore and torn to where I am in pain all the time. I have a "uvula" infection. One week of antibotics has not helped the infection or pain. What can I do? can pain cause an increase in blood pressure how can i stop the pain? i have no dischare, pain or itching from the vagina but everytime i have sex i have a STRONG odor like ammonia having middle to lower abdominal pains somtimes i can feel it in the back too...had an ultra sound and no answers i get horrible back pain and frontal pain after a sex dream and it wakes me up. it takes a while for it to go away. why? what is the best pain and other management for severe arthritis of the spine? what would cause upper right chest pain above the breast that goes through to the back? I have a uti. It's worse than any uti I have ever had before pain-wise, and there is blood in my urine. Is this normal? I have a dull pain in my right lower abdomen and groin. It hurts when I sneeze. How can I tell hernia vs muscle strain? I'VE BEEN IN PAIN WITH MY LEGS GOING DOWN TO MY FEET WHAT CAN I DO OR WHAT CAUSES THIS PAIN I have severe stomach pains e/ so often and i always break out in hives when the pain come why is that ? Have Factor V Leiden and RA and cannot take NSAIDS for pain. Tried Tylenol but it doesn't help. Any recommendations? I can't inhale sometimes when sleeping on back, side or stomach. I have a shap pain in one knee every time I kneel. There is no pain at any other time. What could be causing this? I have terrible shoulder pain during sex. I get the pain whenever I have an orgasm. What could be causing this? I am having bladder pain after I urninate sometimes before I do, but I never have pain while urninating. It could be? My last two periods the pain has been horrible, even with Midol and there hasn't been any blood, should I be concerned? why am i 27 and have had only 2 periods in a year and have vaginal pain before sexual intercourse i have had hep c for a long time but lately i have had pain under my ribs on my right side My period is too long?  My Dad has pain in the lower back around the belt line. He has 1/2 intestine. If I had sex with one person and had my period 6 days later could i get pregnant? My period has been for about 2 wks and i have a pain in my lower left side pelvic area. What's wrong with me? I zipped my testicles while putting on jeans...and still in pain, how can i ease the pain? What causes the upper center of your back through to the chest hurt? My husband describes the pain as "hard" like a knot Son vomitting off and on 2nd week 6 years old.ER had no answers,sons Doctor says maybee stomach bug pain in the urethra burning any sugguestions not UTI How can a woman tell if her hymen was broken without blood and didn't feel any type of pain? My daughter has been having stomach pain, internally around her belly button and nauseous all the time What could it be? I have a pain on my (R) lower side, below my waist line. It only occurs when i suck in or out my belly fat. what is it?  I have been on pain meds four years and dr changed position.The new dr cut me in half and acts relunctant to fill meds? im 55 not had a period for 2yrs till recently still feel very bloated and have pelvic pain and back ache What could be wrong with an 18 month old who is never happy, always bitches, cries, screams, and is violate? My lmp was 4/22/13.Period was due 5/20 no period yet. I am having dull back pain and light pink spotting am i pregnant? i take percocet for breakthrough pain what is a long acting med that i can take for extended release with percocet I have thick yellow discharge, it does not have an odor and I do not have any other symptoms. What could it be? I am clotting and having pain in my stomach and a back am I misarrying? Why does my legs get numb from my back pain in the L-3, L-4, L-5 and S-1 region? I get left sided high chest pain, comes on sudden, lasts a few hours then leaves. has moved to right side a few times. i have diarriha vomiting hot to cold shivers and mild stomach pains Woke up with sharp/stabbing stomach pains for most of the day. It just disappeared all of a sudden. Now what? Why do I only wake up with lower back pain? if my husband has herpes and i have no symptoms in 22 years can i still have it? can i use KY jelly and Emla cream together for vaginal sex? is it safe to use both at same time I've been having pain in my right side for almost a year now, it causes a lot of pain. I'm 21 I've been having intense pain in my right side for almost a year now..  foods high in fiber give me severe stomach pain and bloating,  I fell on my tailbone, the pain has gone from there but after a lot of movement muscle in butt cheek starts to ache I have mucous only when I try to have a bowel movement. Should I worry? The rotation of my left foot causes a major pain in the side of my foot, ankle, and runs up the outside of my leg.  I get a stabbing pain on the left side of my head that feels like ive been hit with something If the Mirena has moved up and got embedded in my uterus, will I feel pain or will I know just by the lack of strings? Should I seek medical attention for a mole that became a open sore and then began bleeding on its own? im having mild pains in my ab its been going on a week. im taken cirpo for a baterical infection could this be the cause Left kidney removed, renal cell carcinoma, having pain and discomfort in area. Why? My daughter has a staff infection on her foot. Should she discard her shoes that she has worn? Over a year I have randomly had this strange "feeling" in my , , followed by less enthusiasm, positivity, etc. Why? something that bit me. it's in a circle my upper layer of skin is off some redness in the centre of the circle. Can intercourse with a partner with vaginal dryness affect the penis, including "raw" spots, slight pain, etc.? Can burning a nerve help relieve nerve pain? I try to stop Pariet 20 after 5 years use and substitute it with Zantac 300 mg, but pain returns below left rib cage.  My doctor gave me an anti-flamatory pill for shingles, doesnt seem to be working, what can i take to make the pain go? can i be prescribed medical marijuana if im pregnant for severe nausua and chronic pain? For 24 hours having sharp, shooting pain in lower abdomen and sometimes anus. Doesn't matter position or movement. Pain below my shoulder, around my neck area for almost two years happens couple times a week Any ideas what it might be? ive had dark brown semi formed diarrhea and nausea for 24 hours, should i be woried? permanant pain in testicles is ther anything i can rub on my lower back while pregnant? What causes a bad taste in your mouth that last all day long? simular to the same taste when you get up in the morning. I took 4 tablets of (Ibuprofen) every single day for about 4 years, could my Wheezing when sleeping be a side effect? I have eye pain and redness but no drainage. What is this? Are there pain medications available that don't make you constipated?  What NSAIDs are safe for hypertension? I Have PCOS sometimes out of nowhere I will have sudden shape pains in my pelvic area. Can the Cyst burst? Why does my urine smell like baby powder? whats the difference between MRI and a CATSCAN? Having tongue pain after excessive cunnilingus. Sharp pains when I lift my tongue to roof of mouth. Heal on it's own? What would cause very sharp, breath taking pain from my stomach all the way through to the end of my rectum? when I inhale I have chest pain My back hurts; I dance and have 'swayback'; now I have bruising in my lower and middle back. What causes this? lower back pain, pain level always same do go higher, only confort laying face down back arched up. meds 60 oxy When I run I have pain from the back of my ankles to the front of my knees. What could this be  Whren my son runs during football he has pain from the back of his ankles to the front of his knees WHENEVER I EAT SWEET,SNACKS NEXT DAY THERE WILL BE FREQUENT MUCUS DISCHARGE ALONG WITH GAS hi, actually whenever i consume alcohol,the next day i get pain in my balls.how it can be cured? get a pain on left side of head, pressure headachy back of head vison blurry dizziness head ack stays for a while MY 5 YEAR OLD COMPLAINS ABOUT HER STOMACH HURTING AFTER EVERY MEAL ? SHE LOST ABOUT 4LBS.TOO ! I sprained my ankle six weeks ago it is still swelling and very painful is this normal? I have recently started to have neck pain and headaches. I cannot find a pillow that helps. What could cause this? back pain from lifting a table took a day before full pain set in, pain moves but also constant always in lower back? I popped my shoulder then somehow popped it back in, but now I feel pain whenever I lift my shoulder straight up. right hand index finger proximal phalanges intermediate phalanges joint pain, swelling. Started a week ago. Arthritus? it feels like i have a hundred pounds on my chest and can not take a full deep breath,, someone told me its angina,  I have lower back pain that has been going on for 4 months, what can my doctor do to find out what is wrong? I am only 19 and this morning I saw blood in my stool. What could be the cause? I don't have anal sex, I feel no pain. I have really intense lower back pain. The chiropractor said it could be unbalanced hips. pregnant, 8 weeks, started bleeding (no pain) after transvaginal ultrasound. Normal? I had a tetanus shot 4 days ago and now have chest pain and irritability. Should I be concerned? Chronic ear pain, sore throat, and a larynx lump all on the left side of body. Thoughts, anyone? My left side of my chest hurts, under my ribs when I breathe, laugh, yawn, anything where I take a deep breath. I was diagnosed with tendonitis of the wrist in nov 2012 and i still have pain, could it have become something worse? I miserably fell down on my left elbow about 7 months ago. Of late I feel pain in the nerves in my left elbow ovarian cysts. BC keeps them away but DR messed up my RX now Im off them. have 2 wait until my period to take it again? I have an addict friend that refuses to go to er for fear of being reported. She plugged Opana er and her arm hurts,help finger swelling, can't bend it and have extreme pain on palm side Is pleurisy something that will affect me for the rest of my life or will it go away in time? I got $805 bill (Cigna PPO insurance paid nothing) for epidural injection for l5-s1 disc herniation. Is it normal cost? I was diafnosed with varicocoele last December and it can be felt only on palpation. No pain. Do I need a surgery? Having sharp stabbing pain that comes and goes on my left side below ribs but above hip, what could this be? I have sever pain that starts in the middle of my rib cage and continues down to the abdomin.I get very nauseated. child cries and says that his head hurts, vomits and then passes out for an hour or two or longer? why do i get sharp pain after orgasam? Why do I get sharp pain in my head after orgasm? what do you do for a lower abdominal muscle strain? why does ibu profen cause ankle swelling? hurt my left ear and have no moeny for doc vist what can i do to hlep it heal up I have pinched nerve in my lower back sending pain down my leg. how can a fix this? can pain medication cause food to not digest i have lower back pain,pain in legs and feet.what could it be? Should I go to ER, or seek further medical attention My husband has a pain the lower right side of his abdomen the past 2 days we wonder what organs are located there Can Appendicitis cause pain in the groin area and make it hard to walk? I have what could be a stye inside my lower left eyelid. Now I have pain/swelling near my ear (L) on my face. go to dr? I get a sharp pain in my right ear everytime I yawn, cough, drink or talk, this has been going on for about a week. I get a sharp pain in my right ear everytime I yawn, cough, drink or talk, this has been going on for about a week. I'm 18 with chronic lower back pains, this can't be normal, can it? Pain during and after intercourse, constant odor and extremely watery discharge for the past month. What's going on? can a stubbed toe causa flu like symptoms? Could pain thought to be kidney stones actually be shingles now that burning rash has appeared or could I have both? Pain in the large intestine is a symptom of IBS, How do I know the pain I am having is caused by IBS?  I have pain on the outside of my foot from my pinky toe to my heel it feels like a Charlie horse.  Fell from a tree and experiencing back pain and cannot put weight on one leg, is it bruised or broken? My grandpa has been taking acetaminophen pills for 10-15 years. What do we do if he's addicted? What should I do if I am experiencing pain behind my left breast? Will my broken collarbone ever be healed to 100%? What kind of doctor should I see for muscle strain/tendonitis? I have had pain for several months. I have an IUD Mirena and my period stopped It came back with clotting and abdominal pain. should I go to the doctor? can groin pain also be associated with fibromyalgia? should I g to ER for bloody bowel movements What are the physiological effects of drinking one glass of alcohol.  period cramps at 36 weeks pregnant is it normal? My husband has relly bad migraines that never really go away.What could be causing this and what can we do? low grade fever, lower abdominal pain, motion, frequent urination at night, unable to digest food properly why would a rib pop out of place just by bending over and cause so much pain  Strong impact on elbow. Swelling after 4 days. Seems to be a "dent" in bone on elbow that is source of stinging pain. My right ear tonight has gone completly mute. I cannot hear out of it. No pain and no leakage What would cause someone's brain to start hurting during intercourse? What causes pain in your brain during intercourse? Are heat or ice helpful with sciatica pain? Numbness in my Elbow? When I rest my left elbow on the table I also get a lack of sensation in my pinky and ring finger how could you break a rib and not know it? What can cause pain under right breast on my upper ribs for four days with no bruising. It hurts to breath and move.  pain in the left eye socket and left side of face indluding ear. You can see the left eye is becoming blood red  can my Trigeminal Neuralgia pain radiate down my arm to the tip of my thumb? i have had back pain for over a month it hurts to cough and i cant even lift my one year old son up one step  is it normal for my 5yr old scrotum to look as if it's shrinking, not relaxed like a bag is lack of potassium give a person back muscle spasms? its a very sharp pain, the middle of back. I did not injure it. Cause of back pain in my lower right region, plus inflammation that has put my body off center? how to to splint a dogs back leg? and what can i give him for pain? My boyfriend fingered me hard about a week ago and I haven't stopped bleeding. I'm in no pain or discomfort,what do I do Is there another medication besides Prednisone that will take down inflammation caused by a severe case of Vasculitis. What causes a girl to have a continuous period? why do my genitals hurt periodically My period was black and chunky and I'm in A LOT of pain. Is it possible that I was pregnant and had a miscarriage? What can cause prolonged male discharge? Sunburn i suffered from a broken fumer a year ago, and i still get pain, is this common? A huge red bump appeared on my chin that pus came out after popped, and the top skin peeled.The peeling is not normal. I have had discomfort in my throat for 4-6 months.  Can wisdom teeth cause pain in your ear? I've been having pain deep in my right ear for about a week now.  Can long term use of pain medication kill you? I get stomach pains and nauseous sometimes I can't eat for a whole day sometimes if I eat I will throw it back up. My daughter broke her leg 6 months ago. we just noticed that her leg has a bigger bumb than usually..like it's swollen?? 2 weeks ago, diagnosed w/ bladder infection, still having pain under ribs (right side), back pain, shooting abdomen pain is extracting a tooth better than a root canal? In my period, it burns when I use the bathroom, the pain is severe and I normally can't do anything till it goes away. I have been diagnosed with mono with an enlarged liver. Is it normal to experience more ovulation pain than usual? What does a high ana blood test mean I need help finding someone who can answer my Constantly contracting uterus questions. HELP! IT HURTS LIKE CRAZY! My fiances neck is swollen on the left and sore to the touch. Extreme sore throat and pain. What could it be? I have pain in my jaw, teeth and neck for the past few days. 37 yr old female- good oral hygiene- what is going on? Can immobilization of right leg from pilon fracture cause pain in lower right abdomen since I have lack of movement? I am having dull cramps and slight lower back pain. Ended my normal period a week ago.  can knee pain and swelling be related to TMJ? I pulled a muscle in my back three days ago. Now my knees are swollen and hurting badly. Is this related?  I just stopped breastfeeding. Now I am having the same early pregnancy symptoms I had with my 1st baby. Is this common? General abdominal pains and nausea for almost 4 weeks. This occurs off and on all day and night. could i be pregnant? HELP!!! could i be pregnant? HELP!!! Severe headache after head bath. ExpertAdvice is much required Why is there a sharp pain in my left ear when I try to pop my ears? I am on Medicaid because of a back disability. I am 56, waiting on surgury almost a year.Health is worse, Cigna wont pay Recovery time for pectus excavatum and pain ...im 15 and im extremely nervous migrans, pains, and fainting spells what is goint on?  Have been dealing with plantar fasciaitis. Now have severe pain on top of foot, cannot put pressure on it to walk. I have mono and my kidneys are swolled and in so much pain. are they even my kidneys? My doctor gave me a referral to get a breast exam but I cannot afford it? I'm only 22, where can I get it for free? I have a bruised bone from a car accident I was in more than 10 years ago. How long-term are these injuries typically? How to treat a swollen toe 2wks ago a GI said I've a small hiatal hernia, but I've vomited everytime I've eaten for 5mths. Should I be concerned? Can I switch from Vicodin to Advil without waiting for the Vicodin to clear my system? Unknown Digestive Issue i play softball and i stretch before every game i throw righty and have pain from my shoulder down to elbow what is this Had heat stroke about three weeks ago. Started to have pain in my right kidney area about a week ago. What should I do? Could my pinky be broken or just sprained like the ER doctor said it was? Was told I might have an stomach ulcer. In extreme pain for about a week. What should I do? I am uncircumcised and due to frequent masturbation I have chronic pain, burning, tingling in the forsksin area.  Lump on inner thigh midway between groin and knee, very old (4-5 yrs), recently causes pain and grew a bit. 25Yrs Old. Why is there pain at my gooch after peeing? Can you identify this strange blister? Does hypothyroid cause pain in legs and hands? Does a person get a high from capsule medical marijuana? Does it dull pain or just make the pain tolerable? what is the average time a person will have pain after knee surgery how long will I live with breast to bone cancer I have heard of women "ripping" during childbirth, but is it possible to "rip" during sex? Every now and then, particularly at night I get short sharp pains in the left side of my chest. I have severe back pain that is now radiating down my right leg.  Is the pain constant or off and on in pulmonary embolism How long after you take a Gabapentin 300mg tablet, should you take a Lortab 7.5mg? what causes a shooting pain the brain? I have a stabbing intense pain on my right side, 4 wks after haveing shingles. It feels like my insides are being pulled i had yeast infection doctor gave me pill it didnt work i used monasat 7 i am still in pain and discharge can it be std can a cancer patient quit methadone after 3 days without harmful side effects?  if alka-seltzer helps me does that mean I'm not having a heart attack? PAIN IN NECK/THROAT what are the ingredients inibuprofen? Can prednisone cause fibromyalgia? left side pain under ribs and left ovarie What can cause a 16 yr old to have numbness in leg? CT scan normal, bloodwork normal, no blockage either. Are gastroenterologist allowed to perform vaginal exams on a patient who complains about abdominal pain? I am having bad back and stomach pain followed by loose stool looks like it has yellow dye in it. I had sex (no condom, no pill) Aug 7th (three times, and he ejaculated inside all three times) and then once on the 8th. What kind of surgery would you have for a pinched nerve in your leg What and Where is the leading ENT institution? I am 13 and i have sharp chest pains they last about 15 seconds , should i be concerned ? Can my left leg limping cause my right hip pain? does spice food effect ovaries What type of bed is good for scoliosis?Have tried all kinds of pillows for neck pain nothing works. Chest pain on the left side of my chest. It comes and goes within minutes, should I be concerned? What can cause pain right inside the rectum? It happens every couple months and hurts bad. Should I seek immediate medical attention if I am having an anxiety attack due to new medication? my left ear is stopped up and my right ear is making popping like fluttering sounds what can it be? my left ear is stopped up and i have a popping like fluttering sound in my right ear? I experience pain in my scrotum when seeing people walking/standing on hard surfaces like wood floors, concrete or sand. Is there something wrong with my heart? Why is roof of mouth and nostril painful? What kind of knee problem could I have? I am experiencing severe pain in both legs that start behind the knees and radiate down to my feet. It's very painful I have sharp pain in my right shoulder blade through the lower part of my my underarm rib cage. What could be the cause? Curved penis Im 28 prostate problems or something else? Frequent urination/split stream/excess dribbling spots in pant minutes after depression does a baby feel pain during an abortion Have severe sore throat extreme pain swallow cough run nose. Dr say viral. Taking mucinex for days no help. Suggestions? What can help anxiety caused by going to the gynecologist? Hi My name is Sara. I'm14 and have all dearrhea symptoms and my period is late for 3 months whatcan ido without seeindoc grandson, 7 yrs old, 4'9', and 125lbs. younger brother tested pos. for strep. hes vomiting, fever, slept for 2 days, Can I take lortab if I have tachycardia what causes a burning sharp pain in the left side of your ribs under your breast? where can i get a cortizone shot with no health insurance? Why do I experience severe pain in my anal area after ejaculation I was hit very hard accross the face and nose and I am now spitting up blood clots, have a deep cut on side with pain How do you know if you broke you thumb? I have pain in both testicles, and the left testicle is kind of swollen. I thought std's but test came back normal Cleaning ear with qtip and now I am bleeding could i be pregnant? symptons: inner labia majora smooth bumps, no irritation, no discharge, no pain, just several noticeable bumps what can be done for inhibited ejaculation? ANY CURE FOR METATARSALGIA sore womb area ho you treat otitis media with effusion and vertigo? what pain relievers can i take for joint pain before surgery? What causes breast swelling and severe pain in left breast? what can cause pain in the lower right abdomin I cracked a rib. How to heal it without going to a hospital Looking for answers from someone who sees more than just one symptom, abdominal cramping, missed periods, swollen leg... what is causing pain in upper arm/armpit/chestarea near arm with increase in pain when laying down. What does it mean when your feces is a goopy red discharge? Severe pain in left ear Diagnosed with Patella Tendenitis and Physical Therapy for 2 weeks plus steriods, but it's just getting worse. Period after lifting i have pins and needles for a week now in my left foot, i have had back pain for a month which has shifted to left thigh I have severe left leg pain, worse at night when I first lie down.  I was having a weird pulsing sensation in my vagina with no pain while sitting or laying down. I have to pee very frequently and have trouble getting or keeping an erection. I also have frequent constipation.  I am 39 and my period came 14 days early. Could this be serious, could i be pregnant. Should I have an infected cyst lanced now if I have an appt with a surgeon in 2 weeks? I have been having unprotected sex lately and i have PCOS. I normally dont have a period. I have lost about 50 pounds the other day i got the worst sharp pain from my rectum. it stopped me from walking. i felt like i been stabbed foot pain  i have back and neck muscle knots and severe back and neck pain and was wondering if gymnastics is why and what i can do Do I have lockjaw??? I'm having terrible ear and neck pain, chest pains, and I have a lump in my left breast. What could this mean?  I have upper right quadrant pain and cant find answers. Please help I have had a UTI for two weeks now and I am having pain in my lower back where my kidneys are, what should I do? My bum crack is crooked! Is this hazardous? Pain in my jaw Can a long standing hemroid cause pain during erection? Right side back and side pain Mild pain shifts from deep upper right side to the right shoulder blade area and below lower right rib area. Any ideas? my eyes almost feel like they are straining? I have been having a sharp pain in the top of my right shoulder for a few days. No injury. Hurts real bad when I breathe Menstrual Cycle Left neck hurts (down from ear) Pins/Needles, numbness on left side. Tired all the time. Lack of concentration Pea size lump inside head of penis Having pain around knees, on the side that seems to run down leg some. Gets worse at night.  can knee pain cause hip pain what is pain under the breast bone in the middle What causes occasional stabing pain in the male anal canal that dates back to childhood? having my period i have not had one in 8 years is that normal after I do work in high heat, I get painful throbbing in my inner ears and inner head, also SEVER headaches!!! 9 days post op for hysterectomy, been running low grade fever and now light vagional bleeding. Is this normal? how long will my pain last after having carpal tunal surgery Can Lyrica cause severe knee pain? For the past 4 months, I have been getting mid to upper back 'burning' pain after eating. Any clues? smelly black tar looking feces, for 3 days now why am i always short of breath alot and have chest pains for Im 20 weeks pregnant and im having bad back pains on the lower right side above my hip should I be worried? Shoulder pain, popping hard, grinding. Are Ganglion cysts a type of disability? can a belly wrap help obesity 58 yr man had fatigue, pain in legs and ringing in ears. heart valve replace. did great. still haviing the pain.no help severe eye pain in the eyeball. eye doctors can not find anything. sharp pain jerks me back? Lots of back problems, don't know what to do? CAN ACTU PUNCTURE EASE PAIN Forearm and wrist hurts and occasionally numb finger... Could my arm be broke?  I found an opening (feels like a tube) about an inch into vagina. No discomfort. About 1/3' Diameter. What could it be? can a broken bone or a muscle tear cause a fever? Pain in upper chest at walking exercise start, worsens for a few minutes, eases after 10 min walking. Any idea why? had an injury to big toe 5 months ago, it is not better still burised, painful and hard to move. What is wrong my 13 yrs old son has a lump on left breast near the nipple area and it is causing a lot of pain what should i did Can an ultrasound not "see" something? I have a pea-sized spermatocele that wasn't found on an ultrasound. torn shoulder blade muscle can alzheimers patients have no pain my mother has the diease and seem to feel no pain She has shingles w/ no pain  I'm thirteen years old and whenever I run or even walk my heels hurts. It is a sharp pain and consistant. What's wrong? Neg Pt 2 days pre period, Spotting light pink only when wiping. No pain. Tongue tingling on right side followed by headache. Causes weakness, confusion, and uncoordination. Is this serious? I am Deepika suffering from fever for 3 days.high temperature only at nights.urine in yellow,eye in red, bodypains I had double hernia/tummy tuck I have pain every day now with an open wound that never closed and is getting bigger urinary tract infection....ONLY symptom is Worse Pain right side abdomin (10!)  Appendicitis, when to go to the doctor? Why is my armpit sore? I stopped taking my birth control pills. I have had sharp pains (uroligist pined it to epididymitis) on both sides of the testicles. pain under left shoulder blade and in chest why do i turn purple during my period? BAD neck/shoulder/arm pain two months. EMG neg. Travels neck-shoulder-arm-fingers - right ear too. His. schwannoma.HELP! Sharp shooting pains on and off all day in the right lower abdomen. Should i see emergency help? Could I be pregnant? What type of Dr. should I see if I am having hip problems? my friend had been bleeding for 14 day with heavy blood clotting? what i suppose to tell her ear pain after irrigating wax  Is there a specific "type" of doctor I need to see for a painful erection? Severe pain in my calf that is only relieved by bending my ankle/foot upwards - should I be concerned? why do i have constant pain in my big toe and shooting up my shin My daughter had a root canal 2 days ago on her front tooth. She is still swollen and in pain. Is this normal? Had spinal fusion surg. in July. No more pain but can't regain leg strength with recomend exercises. any suggestions? I had some shots in my mouth when getting a crown. I have pain.Iit's been 9 days now and I still can't open my mouth. if i am bleeding from the intestines already would taking omeprazole 20mg going to stop it? i have this pain in my lower right side of my back when i walk,it starts out feeling like a knot and then starts to hurt can a child die from a UTI? my 1 year old has diarrhea x2 days and just got done yesterday off amoxicillin, her butt is raw, can I give probiotic?  Every time I go to the bathroom it hurts and there is usual always blood for a few years now what could I have? what is appendicolith Can heart attack pain last for 3 days I have gross hematuria and abdominal discomfort especially when I move. Do I really need medical attention? Is it normal for lower back pain to start at 6 weeks pregnant and still be going strong now at 25 weeks? I am 24 years old and have a severe lack of energy. I have headaches and severe joint, neck and back pain.  I have had hemorroid for 2 weeks now its is an external one and it hurts alot. Is there any oral medication to help me? What can be done for ankle/heel in teenage football player? College student dental insurance help. Brain Tumor About 8 months ago I was told tachycardia. In the last two months my chest pains have become worse. Dull throbing pain in testicles, off and on but getting worse. Possiinly related to racquetball injury months ago. Pain during intercourse Question about possible Oral Cancer (tongue)  I have been having a little head aches , then pain in the eyes and body , weakness, and i cant get an erection ? WHAT AGE DO GIRLS STOP GROWING I been having off and on lower back pain and i'm bloated. is there a possiblity that i'm preganate? Woke up bleeding bright fresh red blood. I've been on the pill since I was 15, im now 21. Last had sex 2-3 months ago i have a large bump under skin in my wrist ,it dont have any pain or tenderness what can it be Can working a job where your constantly lifting heavy objects for five years cause lower back problems 3 years later? I am having right lower abdominal pain that increases with standing, and taking deep breaths in. What might this be? lump in armit and top of breast My bellend is sore whenever i pull back my foreskin and start to masturbate... why do i get pain in the elbow area after lifting weights? 1 week post knee arthroscope to fix torn meniscus,woke up with pain from knee to my toes, swelling from ankle to toes. I have Endo and I.C. I had a Hysterectomy 12 years ago I'm in alot of pain to the point of tears testing negative but symptoms persis I hit my foot 5 days ago and it still hurts...Should I see a doctor even though I can still walk? Abdominal pain frequent bowel movements and burping I hit my foot 5 days ago and it still hurts...Should I see a doctor even though I can still walk? What is wrong with me?????????? diagnosed with hematoma following hernia surgery. Swelling and pain continue. Should I return to doctor ulcer I have severe pain in my stomach and nausea what can I do to help weird pain, discharge and bleeding can nuclear stress test cause fractured sternem Pain in right palm radiating down arm to approximately 3/4 to elbow. I had a miscarriage last night. Definitely passed more than just large clots. But preg test was neg. Is that possible? Is there an Artery3 that could be around your navel and goes to the back? When touched its very tender Had a laparoscopy still no reliefs found interstitial cystitis losing control of my bladder leaking urine what 2 do now Sharp right testicle pain, To scared to go to sleep and its 4am.. Rectal discharge/bleeding with abdominal pain for 2 years , colonoscopy normal and ct scan. .  I need help with my anxiety  When can you return to running/jogging after a bartholin cyst is removed? Everytime I have intercourse I have a cutting sensation inside my vagina on the right side. What could cause this? I'm not sure if I have a pilonadil cyst, I have two holes above my anus but i have no pain or leakage When does growing Pain start in Little Boys When I was younger I punched a brick wall. I'm 24 and I have wrist pain when donig push ups. Is it related? what causes lower back pain when I lift arms or bend my neck forward Have a sever pain on my left side below my ribs if I cough or sneeze. Any ideas what it could be? Impingement syndrome What's the cause of my night cramps and subseqent pain in my calves? Laundry list of symptoms and only 19. best pain medicine for servere pain caused by pancreatic cancer pain Why would head of penis be itchy? Painfull What could cause a random, short, sharp, and extremely painful feeling in my feet? Recently i have developed pain near my collar bone area on my right I seem to have small bumps and a tear on my vgina. It has become exceedingly itchy. I'm thirteen weeks pregnant and seeing blood in my urine I have no pain or burning sensation what could be  Is it possible to have Undiagnosed Kidney Cancer for 10 years ? can arthiritis spread to the rib/kidney area having alot of pain in my side dr says it is from the arthiritis in my back daily symptoms itching all over, hiccups 4 times, gas, achy joints,night tingling legs feet up to vigina. whats wrong left thigh leg pain from roller derby What can cause extreme drowsiness related to hunger? I take Percocet EvEryDay for over 10 years...could That effect my liver count to get worse on a blood test Sinusitis/Sinus Infection/Strep Throat or What? Fingered my girlfriend with after touching precum 15 minutes before. Will she get pregnant? Fingered my girlfriend with after touching precum 15 minutes before. Will she get pregnant? Pretty sure I have a kidney stone. Do I really need to see a doctor or can I just wait until I pass it?  I had sex with a guy 5 months ago was on my period and I found out he was hiv positive how likely is it I have it Why am I haveing severe abdominal pain?I am 40 yrs old and have been haveing pain on right side since August? chunks in urine, e.d. issue, pain in genitals, and yellow ejaculate I started having pain 6 months after my Vasectomy is there a way to fix this? can you get breast cancer twice in the same breast after masectomy?  i have a 10 year merana iud i havent a period in 6 yrs im bleeding heavy clots with cramps back pain It burns or feels like a dull pain at the end of urinating. Is this an infection or STD? I'm with a new partner.... Knee pain when bending/running When my penis is ereceted,i can feel a small hard point, no pain no itch.Only when erected.Any idea of what might it be? How do you treat a gangleon cisc on the wrist.  what to do if pain medicine makes me sick I spilled Ramen Noodles down my lower leg and foot, should i see a doctor? I fell wrong on my ankle and heard a loud pop. The swelling has gone down, but there is still pain. Sprain or Break? can i get rid of my rods from my spinal fusion? Can acupuncture reduce bone spurs?  can a toothache cause your ear to hurt I have upper back of the neck pain and upper back/shoulder pain. Feels like I need to pop my neck/back, but when i do.. how do I cope with withdrawal symptoms of vicodin.  My67 year old husband is falling almost everyday and often hurting himself badly. His brain MRI indicated an My father has a catheter, he experiences enormous amounts of pain when he pees, I don't think this is normal, is it? Veins are not visible for the blood test, what to do? What type of doctor do I need to diagnose lower abdominal pain? Pelvic pain during sex My 6 year old daughter has her molars coming through. she is in a lot of pain. What should I give her? After 4 years of no sex and breast cancer treatment and a woman have a yeast infection and not know it? How to manage large kidney stones that can't be passed on its own while being 16 weeks pregnant and not harm the baby. I had carpol tunnel surgery 10 weeks ago and my hand is still swollen and red at the wrist and painful to touch. Normal? Got a shot over a year ago but still itches. Now purple? Carpal Tunnel Syndrome? I am a competitive bowler and my wrist and top of my hand has been hurting and getting worse. pain-ring finger to the middle of arm,before elbow for 45 days.started after I held on to stop falling.worse on lifting Can ongoing stomach problems cause pain in the teeth? Does planter fasciitis go away? I fell on my hand several months ago and since then my hand has bee hurting. Could I have broken a bone in my hand? what could cause sharp pain in my right rib cage when i take a breath or move? Is it possible to have had chlamydia for over 17 years and not know it? After having a child as well, with no symptoms? can keloid be cancerous? and how does one contain the itching and the pain? My lower right side of my back has been hurting...now my urine is bright yellow. What could this be?  burning tongue syndrome, what cures it, it hurts all the time What is treatment for Orchitis? Kidney pain and now what seems to be strep throat, could they be related? I'm having severe gas pains that come on randomly and sharply burning testicles but no burning urine or sensitivity on head of penis When stopping GABAPENTIN is it necessary to taper off?  How long does it generally take to get over the emotional pain of being cheated on? for about 2 monthssick to stomach after eating, short of breath, loss of apetite. i take nexium40 zantac150 twice daily Weird nerve sensations After drinking alcohol my heart rate increases so that I notice it. Is this normal? Sore nipples not pregnant Why have been getting these odd sensations in the back of my head accompanied by pressure? Yesterday I felt a quick sharp pain to my chest, then total body numbess and a rush of heat and sweats. Any ideas why?  What are phleboliths?? Dark red blood in urine 3 wks, sometimes urethra itches.No pain.No yeast infection.Took antibiotics, but still bleeding. My lower lefthand side hurts by my waist line what could it be?  Zoloft; Diarrhea side effects? I am 12 years old and have flat feet. Do I need surgery? Last night I developed a slight pain in my upper, inner, right thigh - like a bruise feeling but no redness or numbness. I have pain in my upper, inner, right thigh. It feels like bruising, but no redness or swelling. Could it be DVT? I have excruciating pain around the top of my LCL especially when putting weight on bended knee. What's best treatment? I have pain, severe itching,dry skin,drainage, tenderness in my left nipple, going into the brown area around it. It's been 4 weeks now that I broke my wrist, I am in a cast. Is it normal that I am still having so much pain? How long should Mastoiditis cause pain in adults after being treated? I have Scoliosis and now suffer from right side lower back/upper leg pain after long physical labor. This is the third month i have had my period and i only have blood clots when i use the bathroom when on my period.  During and after exercise I have ankle pain. It sometimes shoots down into my foot. What could this be? Plan B pill. Bleeding. Should I be concerned? I have been diagnosed with trigeminal neuralgia is there medical insurance that may pay for dental implant cost? Can accupuncture relieve eye pain? Can you be anesthestized before having a urinary catherization.  Rotator Cuff Injury I believe that is what I have pain in lower left abdomen almost groin area i am 16 and i have high blood pressure, when i stand it rasies. Also i have chest pains and headaches offten. Do I have pilonidal cyst? can i cook after having knee manipulation after total knee replacement i have sharp pain during and after sex i cant even go pee now it hurts more when my bladder pushes against my pelvic What is it when you have pain under your left breast that goes around to your back, with burping and gas? My husband says his stomach is burning why? laminectomy/fusion gone wrong my boyfriend lifted some heavy tables last week and ever since he has a sharp pain on the right side of his stomach bright red bleeding about 1 week before my period. Not alot to fill a pad mostly on tissue and in the toliet. is ibuprofen just a temporary relief? Meaning do symptoms come right back once the drug wears off? Pregnant and experiencing Shingles-like rash and side abdominal pain. Am I making a mistake by trying to wait this out? muscle strain to lower back that go up both sides of spine Diarrhea and stomach pain Is it ok to take ibuprofen for pain with a broken bone? Seattle.My roommate and I wake up with drymouth/mild headaches/stomach pain. Professional mold/other air tests negative. is back pain post gall bladder surgery normal? Burning pain at tip of penis when urinating. I keep getting cramps/sharp pain randomly in my breasts most often in the left breast and some last longer than others.  Is there any way I can treat my extreme menstrating? Also, is there a name for it?  what causes very thick nails on 3 of my toes Severe gas pains after surgery can the overuse of acetaminophen cause knee pain? Is there any problem will happend in future if i daily masturbate? Put on Keflex 5 days ago for an ear infection. still running a low grade fever and having ear pain. Is this normal? Playing basketball and fell on left hand, very painful yet no bruising or swelling. Please help Toe pain. 2 toes, big toe and the next. Burn throb. Ache pricks no sleep like broken not swelling, don't recall injury. what kind of painkiller can i take that wont thin my blood How long do ear tubes stay in? small lump under the skin of perineum Vaginal itching on the outside Should I see a doctor regarding my abdominal pain? Something isnt normal, help! Sudden sharpe calf pain, brought on now if bearing weight while walking..what is this? No redness swelling or warm areas I can't hear much out of my left ear after going to deep with q-tip, doesn't hurt though. Any suggestions to hear again left shoulder and neck pain when i lift my head up  frostbit finger tips 4 days ago how long before normal without tingling and less detailed sensory feeling Exercise related deltoid lump, feels like fluid. no pain, should it be drained? I have had an ear ache for over 24 hours. I actually cried myself to sleep last night from the sharp pain. Please help? I have had chronic right ear pain for six months. Some days it is so painful I can't open mouth to eat.  Can a reoccurred umbilical hernia be repaired surgically under local anesthsia on who has had Prostatectomy in 1994. pregnant 9weeks to go and having pelvic pain or the past 4 days cant walk anymore what do i do I think I have tennis elbow (2 months) but I have pain when lifting at certain angles is that normal? What type of injuries to the shoulder will an X-ray show?  Pain in chest, heart area. Feels like bubbles popping or blockage. My hand has a sharp pain when weight is put on it. Is it bad for you to take medication that does not relate to your symptoms? Blood vessels in hands visible? Could it be gallstones? I thought I had the flu, but now all the pain is in my head, could it be a sinus infection? Is it possible for appendicitis to make the entire lower abdominal area and pelvic area hurt? sharp pain in lower right pelvic region I have anal pain and sores. Any idea what it is? I have broken my penis when I was very young, now I am on my forties, can it be fixed?  My doctor says it is sciatic that is causing the pain in my lower back testicals and leg is the nerve damaged? I swallowed a ball of aluminum foil, a bit smaller than the size of a ping pong ball, a few days ago. What should I do? What causes exercise induced head pain? Adult with hard Foreign object in the nose that wasn't placed there. I take birth contorl and have never had problems with my periods until now. I have two periods a month! Need type of dr for 2nd opinion re: chronic mod-to-severe lft lower abdom pain ever since obstruted bowel surgery. How soon does botox injections relieve pain Is it normal for me to have a brown, vaginal discharge for over a week and before my period? Knee shifted inward while running. Help me please..!? Painful!! Can't bend or straighten it. What causes your hands to be dry and cause your fingers to crack open with sores and cause throbbing pain what causes severe pain below my belly button What is the alternative MRI test for someone with a stent Worried I have lymphoma can a rotator cuff disorder make your hand cold? Pulmonary Embolism or Panic attack? what causes pain in big toe joint I am a 25 year old female and yesterday got a sharp pain under my right breast and it goes into my back. What is wrong? Can Bacterial Vaginossis cause pain in the right abdominal region? My boyfriend has a bump that looks like a vein on his penis just below the head that is swollen? Can a sinus infection cause pain in the back of the skull Does cuts or bruises on the virgina cause headaches nd back pains I have been having some chest discomfort ranging from mid rib cage into the left side of my neck for the past week. Help how do you know if the severe pain in the groin is a problem from a hip replacement seven years ago What side should I lie on to help relieve gallbladder pain? When using the both room I have bleeding with discharge I WAS ADVISED NOT TO USE NSIDS.DOES THIS MEAN NO TYLENOL? What could cause moderate testicular pain and small amounts of leaking during a date? Migraine or something worse? How risky is getting rimmed and fingered? I have sharp pains from my belly button to my testicles I am having pain in my lower abdomen on right side and it goes down to my testicles. What could cause this pain? UTI a month ago and now I have a kidney infection. Been on antibiotics for 4 days but pain in back is worse. I have had Pain and tingling on the left side of the middle of my back and the MRI was normal. whats causing this pain? Ear cleaning gone wrong. Doc pushed wax on ear drum. Now in severe pain (9/10 on scale). What can I do? Please advise. Can pain caused by gallstones radiate into the jaw I am 8 mos pregnant and have a shooting pain from my left hip up my neck. Does this has anything to do with early labor? How long should it take to improve from a kidney infection once started on antibiotics? Been 3 days and back is severe. Clogged ear from a cold. Have tried decongestants to no avail. Any suggestions? Is it ok to fly like this? Haven't had a period for 6 months now it's on, what's going on? I have the Mirena IUD My husband has had pain starting in his right leg, then it moved to his left. It then moved to one shoulder then other. Started working w/personal trainer 4 weeks ago. I have since developed a pain in hip joint and groin area. Hurts badly what are the alternitive treatments if spinal injections do not help with a herniated disc can chronic pain play a role in high blood pressure? Will a fingernail grow back faster if the old nail is completely removed? I have been taking advil for over 3 weeks I want to stop and switch over to plain aspirin. Can I do that safely? Can x-ray detect hip failure 13 yrs after replacement I have had discomfort with mild pain in lower right abdomin for about 3 weeks. I can feel the spot when pressed on.  post op open shoulder surgery with dislocation and fracture on11/23/13 have pain that radiates down my whole arm hand I have severe left flank pain but was told not kidney stones or UTI. What else could it be? Vaginal Tightness , Vaginal wetness , and Pelvic Discomfort ? testicular pain I'm a 21 year old male and have been experiencing chest pain for over a week. What might be the cause? My 12 y/o daughter has pain in her left arm. What kind of a doctor should we see? Orthopaedist or otherwise?! Painful intercourse  I woke up with abdominal pain that seems to have come from nowhere, I dont know what it could be. why does my body get razor like pain when I feel scared causing me to almost pass out for a second. I'm taking pain medication from a spinal fusion but have not had a bowel movement in a week. What does it feel like when a disc ruptures between the L4-L5? My husband is experiencing diverticulitis pain. What foods are best to eat? I have a PE in my lung and was wondering how long I will have chest pain and shortness of breathe? MY VOCALCORDS HURT WEHN I SING IN MY HIGHER RANGE IT HAS BEEN 3 WEEKS, WHAT CAN I DO OR DO I NEED TO SEE A DOCTOR where is the spleen on the body of a man pain and pressure when insurting a tampon blood in urine sometimes severe. prostate enlarged, biopsy was neg. has catheter, bleeds around catheter, no pain. I have lower lumbar pain and sicatic to but get no one know where it is located need help on what to do next I have itching in my nipple, yellow drainage, swelling, pain, nausea, fever, chills, lumps in breast. I'm 34 and am scheduled for a hysterectomy due to pain. However, we don't know if this is the source of the pain. 19mm Kidney stone in left Kidney.Pain is bad.what should I have done?Had a lithotrispy before for 8mm one. Air blowin into my penis from oral sex. Uncomfortable feeling in urethra and pain uriniatng. Could it be an infection? can prednisone or anything other than NSAIDS be useful for hemorrhoid treatment I had knee replacement in Nov. Now 2 months+ later I am still feeling leg pain. Normally. how long should it take for food/gas to move through the intestines? Can i take valumn with tylenol and ibuprophen for toothache it is still hurting Why am I getting neck and head pain? I injured both in Sept. but I got cleared since then. Why is my pain coming back? i have extreme stomach pain that's lasted for hours with diarrhea and nausea, shoud i go to the ER? I have had constant 24/7 nosebleeds and everyday get bad headaches. What could it be? My blood sugars has been 400+ on a regular basis lately Now I am having chest pains that seem to be getting worse I have a pill that I brought to work that I hope is an antianexiety pill. The only markings on it is 1G321 or IG321. I have diverticula. Recently I have alot of bright red blood in first B.M.of morning. Had polyp removed 8 months ago. my dog barked (2ft away) loudly, and my closest ear suffered immediate and continuous ringing with actual pain; why? what happens if an abscessed tooth is extracted? my breast's have become very painfull and any pressure on stomach causes extreem pain i found dark spots on breasts....pink in colour at starting and turns into dark...no pain,no icthing.plz help What are the bumps underneathe and between my toes? Picture included. What can cause two people in diffrent rooms in the house to suffer cramps in both of their right legs at the same time? I have had a knee replaced twice and revised once in 17 months. My SED rate is 50. Should I be worried about infection I recently noticed a small bb size bump on the frenum of my tongue. no pain but is white and I am a tobacco user. WORRY? Im 34.I've Severe pain sp backache, 101' F fever and little bit blocked nose. Shivering fever at night. What's my prob? Pain during intercourse. A sharp jolt of pain shoots clear down my leg and throughout lower back. what is the limit quality that a doctor can prescribe a patient with knee pain can't stand,or sit down long Fever of 99.6 degrees Fahrenheit. Sharp pain on right side of abdomen. Feeling nauseous. What do I need to do? My two year old has HMFS. What can I put on the sores to help with pain? She's not sleeping. I hit my head 3 days ago. Throbbing pain hurts to touch and when not. Should I get it checked?  can a 17 year old get arthritis? What can be causing severe pain in my heels when I try to walk, especially in the mornings when I first get out of bed? breast leak Feet pain from working Took Provera shot. Month and half later had period. Then sever abdominal pain. Had "thing" come out. Still on period I occasionally have a heavy, dull pain in the right ide of my upper chest and occasionally my head. Any help? sudden,severe grabing pain in upper right stomach,goes under ribs to shoulder and neck.Breathing keeps it going Aspirin Use an unusual heavy use of aspirin for back pain cause black stools several days later. can prednisone exacerbate cold symptoms? what to do about back pain? Tumors on the liver Can a cortozone shot cause an allergic reaction and if yes, what kind? I need a recommendation on the type of doctor to see. My primary care phycisian is not very good. Im. Experiencing abdominal pain and vaginal discharge...what should i do? Leg Pain I spent some hours in the snow.I don't feel like I have a cold but I now have pain in my lower ribcage What would cause upper arm pain, popping and weakness for almost a year? Been having oderless white discharge with no odor combined with abdominal cramps, lower back pain, and nausea. Been having oderless white discharge with no odor combined with abdominal cramps, lower back pain, and nausea. pain on my right side of my chest inside my breast when I breath I deal poker for a living  Had an abortion 4 days ago. The next day I was fine, but since then I've been in agony, getting worse and worse. Normal? can yeast infection cause back pain in lower right? My ankle has been hurting for about a week and i have joint pains swelling tenderness what do I do  Had A tick about 5 months ago,got it off but still have a rised bump and now HAVE THE SYSTOMS FOR LYME IS THI possible/ two days ago i started vomiting, now I have pains in my mid stomach, feeing weak and burping alot can sciatica pain throw a knee out of joint What specialist do I go to for chronic leg cramps? Deep tissue massage creates large hive like skin irratations that itch and cause fatigue and joint pain I have scoliosis but is that the cause of having a stabbing, tingling,shocking pain directly on my thoratic spine? does having surgery really help diagnoised/ct scan with hiatal hernia. have upper abd.pain that subsides with eating.no gerd. what should I do?  can fentanyl be used for weight loss URGENT PLEASE HELP friend fell on previously stress fractured shin.  Severe Constant abdnominal pain, Yellow Mucous, Blood in stool, Loss of appetite, passing stool causes painful cramps.  I have a sore throat, but no fever and I don't have strep. What's wrong? What can I do to heal my throat? Do I have DVT? When to see a doctor? Strep two weeks ago treated again. Now severe pain in left abdomen? Mono? severe pain right side below then hematoma 2 fists man-size large below ribcage at pelvic area black blue purple i have wrist pains I have bad wrist pains My neurosurgeon says I need surgery for a ruptured disc. Will this heal on its own in time? I have abnormal bleeding while using Nuva ring. I have been bleeding for over a week. What could it be? Pain at the base of penis in the center Had iud removed from arm now were stitches are swelling nasty smelling stuff comes out and a lot of pain and bruising 1 month ago pain started in left forearm, traveled to my wrist and my index fingertip is numb. all 3 hurt and go numb Do I have cat scratch disease? Frequent Urination without pain or burning sensation. Experiencing Urination problem mostly during day times. low back pain im having a trial study done for an intrathecal pain pump, im wondering since i cant tolerate morphine what other drug? Frequent fetal movements at 26 weeks very small testicles What causes nerve pain in breast What causes me to have foul smelling burps? I had black diarrhea last p.m. now tarry. Light headed and short of breath when standing, d face gets pale, I have a hard bump on the top of my mouth behind my front tooth. It is hard like bone or another tooth. ??? could i have gotten pregnanty on my period? is there a cure for vitamin d deficiency Does a herniated disk cause numbness in the upper buttocks area What is a superior labral tear? Back/Neck/Shoulder/Hip pain My husband slipped on the ice about 6 days ago and hit his side. He is having alot of pain in that area.  Sometimes my face becomes sore to the touch after this shooting pain - is this normal? I'm about 2 wks post dental work. Can constipation cause sciatic nerve pain? stomach pains, SOB, starving sensation almost all day but then "fill it" and feel bloated, BM only in morning how long should neck pain last before i seek medical attention? Identify this: Blister like in appearance, solid core, white bump on skin, no redness, no pain one of my testices has always been larger. but recently it has grown much larger and hurts (dull pain). Sharp pain in the middle of my lower back?  pain in rectum feels like bugs stinging  stomach pain, worse as day goes on, throw up after eating (lasted over a month) waking up in night from pain i have sharp pain from my vagina shooting down my leg.. what could be wrong? my lower back hurts too. Is there any benefit to taking a handful of asprin for chest pains? EKG was normal and the nitroglycerin did not help. Knuckle is swollen and red and there is a lot of pain and stiffness. I do not seem to have a bite. Going on for 4 days. What is causing my daughter to have abdominal pain, vomiting, and hives? Lower abdominal pain. Started bear belly button. Nausea/vomiting/no fever/cant eat,sleep,walk/pain increasing. Help? 46 yo female. very foul gas, many other symptoms. ALP 188, Amylase 23, WBC 11. Rule out pancreatic problems first? Whats wrong with my knee? Daughter has had recurring severe stomach pain, no fever (max 99.6). Should we see specialist? My 11 year old son is having horrible ear pain, but the doctor said it's not infected, what could be wrong?  Diagnosed with gallbadder sludge and acute pancreatitis Wednesday night I urinated. At end of urination, had a pain in my right testicle. What could cause this? what is the symptoms of throat cancer? can dental abscesses cause an ear infection Could I have cracked or broken my ankle? Am I pregnant? its been like 50 days since my last period.Im an irregular.Until now there isnt any sign of blood at all. if not pancreatitis, what could pain on my right side, below my ribs be? Will my doctor be able to tell that my tonsilitis is from smoking? i have carpal tunnel in both hands and nerve damage in both elbows.is one of the symtoms you knuckles hurt to the touch. The epididymis is normally at the back of the testicle. Can it accidently become separated from the testicle? stiff neck/ pain at base of skull/sore, possibly swollen glands/ 60 yrs old//amnot on any antibiotics/no fever Ive been unable to keep food or liquids down for almost a month Pain in right side no appendex or gallbladder Sudden onset of pain, swelling and bruising in a knuckle on my hand. Tender to the touch. No injury; Some joint pain. Sed Rate 92 alk phos. 140 alanine amino transferase 89 aspartame amino transferase 7.8 chills and night sweats if hurting 5 days with hernia and lips turn white. should i go to the docotor I fell down stairs a wk ago. Now my legs feel like they are pulling hurtful when I move my foot. Is that normal? I keep getting pain in my hip when I sit to long or when I drive. Sometimes it shots down my leg.  when i am lightly touched i feel skin discomfort, and a sort of burning pain. Hi, I hyperextended my right arm about a month ago and it is still painful. i wake up in the middle of the nite in pain. Dr says no lifting or bending and minimal walking. What exercises can I do with those limitations? Do I have a yeast infection? Can calcium citrate help relieve pain from menstrual cramps? I've had tonsillitis for 14 days now. When will it go away? Several bumps on my scrotum and on the shaft of my penis. They all itch but no pain. Head of penis is dried out. Help? Within the last month or so I have experienced pain in my clitorios when achieving an orgasm. What is going on? i have a bleading cyst, a thick uteris and fibroids that cause great pain im 39 years old should i concider hysterectomy I took vicodin for the first time post operatively for pain and it kept me awake at night. what is this called and why? What can I do to relieve my back pain? Bad abdominal pains after i get angry an upset Can you get a hernia from sex My sister, a smoker is having pinching pain in the right armpit that moves from spot to spot on the underside of her arm My current doctor refused to continue my narcotic pain medication, because I can not afford physical therapy self pay I have scrotum pain that comes and goes and a pressure-like sensation of having an erection. Should I be concerned? could I have gallstones in my liver When i look up i get a sharp pain in my neck and sometimes have severe vertigo that will almost knock me down. I'm 5 days late and i have had some cramping, lower back, pain, fatigue, extra moist, clear and white discharge. HELP! What are some causes of upper right abdominal burning pain How much Ibuprofen is safe to take each day it helps with my arthritis pain! Why is my 5yr havng so much stomach cramps. When she eats and at night she wakes up crying. Blood work shows nothing. Thumb is discolored and swelled. Very painful to touch or put in warm water. It turns black when I put it in warm water. What's wrong? My bowel movements are all over the place and now I have dull pain consistently. Male/25 years old. What can cause severe lower back pain in the right hip area? Can massage help relieve nerve pain from shingles? friend had swelling on the brain and was on ventilator but breathing over it wondering if family removed to soon How do you know if you miscarried early in the pregnancy? I have had chronic shortness of breath for about two weeks. It feels like I'm breathing in water. Tear at vaginal opening due to a slip during intercourse does gabapentin affect blood pressure will a bone spur ever heal If you were on your period and took a pregnancy test, would it effect the readings? since January I have had a 20% loss of muscle mass and increasing joint pain. started in shoulders, has now traveled. the area above my dads right ankle is swollen and red and he says its causing him sharp pain in that exact location I have on going abdominal pain, what could it be?  Right elbow pain when working out! Can you take a warm bath when you have the chills and a slight fever? Swollen elbow due to fall. I have a couple bumps on the skin of my penis. They are almost the same color as my skin. What could it be? is pain from my hamstring and heel related I have started daily premarin cream to prepare for pessary. After 3 days I have pain. Is this normal?  I have moderate, dull pain in the center of my abdomen. I think it's just gas but l can't expel it. continued chest pain but normal lab results is it my heart Vaginal pain My shoulders and chest are hurting very badly, like I slept on my shoulder wrong but it hurts mich worse. What is this back pain and how can I alleviate it? CAN AN ANAL FISSURE CAUSE STOMACH PAIN? How long does lower back pain occur during UTI? extreme forearm pain, cannot close hand, numbness in fingers burning in fingers drug allergy painful time urinating ,light blood came from vag.4th time peed,chunky discharge from vag. How to treat swelling of the knee 2 bumps on labia majora? I had a vng test and now my ears are ringing from the test, can that happen I've stabbed myself in the foot with a belt prong, more details included, please help! is it carpel tunnel ? I went to use the bathroom and when I wiped I noticed that there was hurting on my vaginal area.  Is it normal to have pain and bleeding from a concussion injury 2 years old? Is mixing tegretol and neurontin safe and or effective? I was on treadmill and started having chest pain on right side of my chest should I be worried Can epidural cause persistent back pain I Have Severe Shooting Pain Behind My Right Ear Does anemia cause body pain Cut finger Tues. 6 sutures. Edema, red, pain. ATB started Wed. Poss. Dehiscence? Drainage today and edges not closed. Shooting pain in carotid artery area of neck. It's enough to stop me dead in my tracks  I have taken Ultracet for yrs for pain. Prostate cancer. Now my insurance won't pay for it . What is an alternative? Small amount of blood in stool today noticed alot on tissue, have a dr appt next week should I go to dr sooner or E.R? when sperm comes out during ejaculation is part liquid, part pieces clumped together- rubbery consistancy very painful If one is allergic to sulfa what OTC pain meds are available? Lower right abdominal near belly button.Lost appetite, nausea, vomiting, chills, hot spasms. Pain increasing.What to do? are there nerves in the colon that sense pain?  For the past year I have been experiencing pain in the left side of my penis which is also accompanied by swelling. why do I get a massive headache and pin like back pain and vomiting when I even try to push out the diarreaha garand child 16 months throws up after eating Is it normal to still have leg swelling almost a year after an injury? can melatonin help with nerve pain Im 16. Female. Im having severe pain in my right ovary i havent had a period in 3months. Im not pregnant.Help? I have diabetes and RA and I like to do 5 k Walks. I am fine but my feet hurt so bad it slows me down. What can I do? Pain occurs in one area of penis in a ring around the mid shaft only when erect. No difficulty urinating, no other pain. I have ear, jaw and tooth pain, along with swollen gland. Who should I see? Shooting pain down leg (lower back spine sore on left side) Swallowed an air bubble drinking water, causing extreme pain followed by no hunger with stomach pressure. I have kidney stones? Does a pt in the hospital need to see a Gastroenterologist for Diverticulosis surgery. I had sex on my ovulation day but used pull out method could I still be pregnant? What casues pain after Urination? Can you help me out with a few symptoms I have been experiencing? Pink Discharge, Irritated Vagina, Itchy, Uncomfortable I had a girl play with my prostate with one finger until i orgasm..now my prostate is killing me! Will it go away? How bad can you hurt yourself from having bad dry heaves? pain after swallowing, feels like I swallowed a bone. comes and goes i had surgery on my arm about 6 years ago for tennis elbow recovery was painful now 6 years later the pain has come back can acupuncture help spinal stenosis pain chest pains I am getting the pain @ sacral ( between hips) , which specialist doctor is good for this tratement.. please suggest . Im 27 with systemic lupus diabetes degeneritve disc disease. I never feel well and in pain always. any suggestions? What caused sever pain in left side under rib cage? a week after my last period i had spotting along with cramping. could i be pregnant? Saliva from the back of my mouth is thick and yellow, sometimes it has blood in it. No pain, no difficulty in swallowing how to relieve gas pain and blotting What are the symptoms of a bad gall bladder can i come off my medication Why am I waking up with pain in my left eye swelling on legs and falling hair is any symptoms of liver probloms? Can you have a normal gallbladder function test and still have gallstone pain and what can be done? can neck and shoulder pain cause lightheadedness Does weight loss help decrease heal spur pain? what can cause pain after c section shape shooting pain and pain during sex in my csection  my lower right side of abdomen has been hurting. can it be my ovary? I got stitches in my shin after falling on a step. How much swelling is normal and when can I exercise? I have been taking 8 mgs of suboxone for a week can i take methadone for pain while on suboxone what to use for pain relief after a tooth has been pulled Red Spots on Penis which looks like tiny pimples. I went to a dermat who recoed me some antibiotics and steriod creams. I'm breastfeeding and didn't realize PeptoBismol wasn't safe. I only took 1 dose, how long should I avoid breastfeeding? is it normal to have a scar on the scrotum? how many cortizone shots can one get for knee pain, and how often Can lettuce cause me to have diarrhea? Can lettuce cause me to have diarrhea? Vaginal discharge in 52 yr. old hysterectomy 20 yrs. ago Can an appendix grow back and give you problems again? My spouse has no appendix but is hurting in the lower right side Ok, Had unprot. sex took plan b had unprot. Sex again but came on period on time. Week after I've been experiencing pain I have pain in my right testicle. When pain increases, veins in the scrotum become pronounced. Pain comes and goes.  For three days I've had a dull pressure in my right upper abdomen, right under the ribs. More of a discomfort than pain I sliced the side of my thumbtip clean off with a mandolin slicer. Will it regenerate? If so, how long? Why can't my 6 yr old open his eyes outside in the sun? why is my amout and throat still sore after thrush? What causes pain when eating starches, fats and/or protein? Constant pressure/heavy feeling in vagina? had severe pain in my legs for more than 6 mos it went away for 2 or 3 mos now its back .what could that be?  I am 26 year old facing hip pain issue. Dr Suggested for hip replacement.is it good to replace the hip in 26 year old Why is my eye red but seems non infectuous? I feel as if there is a ring around around my head, like im wearing a hat, I am not in any pain, what is wrong with me? Bruised penis at base on top Chest pain after exercise? Pain, pain go away. My heart no longer wants to play.... slight fatigue, pain in arms and back, and heart pain/throbbing Hello, I've recently been diagnosed with HEP C. I am experiencing mod-severe pain in my back, right side, is this normal can an MRI on my knee show a DVT? At 31 weeks pregnant, I fell and twisted my ankle. What can I take for the pain and swelling? What happened to my abdomen? can people with no colon take metamucil When I lay down,sit or stand for a period of time, my back hurts really bad.. the pain goes to my legs as well. If someone has already been diagnosed with an aggressive cancer and no hope, would it hurt to try plantain tea? My knees feel hot to the touch. There has been no pain, swelling, surgery or injuries. My body temp is normal. Hematoma due to fall(15x10x5C) had for 5 months still not reducing and beginning to hurt.What are my options? Is cortisone helpful for sciatica pain? Does gonorrhea cause pain.. Here lately, ive been experecing pain like a full bladder, but higher into my stomache. What could this be?  How soon can you jog after an ankle sprain? Little pain, but there is swelling and slight numbness. I have a tight feeling in my Right testical, i was circumcised 1 week ago is this normal What could be my health problem. do my lungs get enough air when i dont get enough sleep? Can Blood donation cause kidney pain? mom fell backwards on to her back on concrete and has bups on head with on larger cause of severe pain in the back lower part of my head lay down take 2 tylenol goes away after 30 - hour. In Feb'13 a grommet was inserted in my left ear due to middle ear infection. It's still not fallen out. Please advise. I've had tooth. And gum pain for over a week it's getting worse I have no insurance Otc meds aren't helping .. help !? what is scerladerma how do l deal with pain from gall bladder infection or gallstones I take a nightly low-dose aspirin. Recently had injury and at times have pain. Can I still take advil and when?  what kind of herbal medicines,fruits,and vitamins should i take to prevent the pain on my gallstone?  is vertigo related to ear pain? what does it mean when your right side hurts and then it goes down to your leg swelling on left side of penis, better recently but still stressed about it I have recently been finding red ring marks on my body and was wondering what it may be? I am feeling pain in legs from a week. Why can't I spread my legs with no pain can low potassium cause ressless leg syndrone? How to reduce the pain from vaginal irritation? I went to the doctors, and she gave me some cream, but it still hurts? NAUS/VOMI LOW L AB/BACK PAIN SOMETIMES R SIDE PENILE PAIN RANGE TO TESTIS ON MANY MEDS URGE/FREQ/PAIN URINE NARROW URETH I am having a lot of pain during and after sex, now that I got my tubes tied could something be wrong.  What's wrong with me I'm scarred.. can a herniated disc also cause erection problems.  What could be causing the cracking of bones in my lower back and causing pain? I've had extreme head pain while having sex. What is happening? What does it mean when your period blood is brown and not red Boyfriend has severe constipation, pains and hyperventilation. What to do?  I have pain in my right thigh and pain on the right side of my groin. should i see a doctor? what can i do for four bulging discs in my back without medication 11weeks pregnant and feeling dull pains in pelvic area Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding my bowel movement my stool is so hard it hurts at a 10 pain level.there is blood right after not much but a little. I got a uti, but when I start to pee it like a sharp pain first, doesn't burn, its just that sharp pain. appendix ruptured 2 days before seen, Dr. treated for sepsis for 7 days in hospital, surgery 8 weeks later? can physicians recommend a patient to take medication prescribed by another physican that they happen to have at home? Should I return to the doctor? Why was my cum white, creamy, slightly sweet scented after masturbating? It started out I had syptoms of a UTI but test proved that to be false.Alot of pain after ejactualation and after I pee. hello, I always feel uncomfortably itchy right after ejaculating! no pain while pissing! struggling to make her pregnant Im 16 and lately I get pressure/aches in the back center pelvis area that ranges from nothing to sharp stabs randomly. My six week old son has continuous stomach issues. He spits up, throws up and has constant gas. What nerve causes pain that originates from the right buttocks, accross to the front right thigh downthe leg? what can i do for sever diareha lasting for 3days I am 30 year old male. i having breast tumor around 10 years. doctor i had sex about 11 days ago i have a slight sore throat lower slight abdominal pain and a dry cough is this hiv I had upper chest pains with a cough hurting my throat and now im getting cold symptoms, can this be pneumonia? Lexapro Withdrawl? i have pain in my eyebrow side above right eye from two to three days. my nose is always blocked.what's my problem. Sudden pain in both upper arms. Did'nt lift anything, did no excercises, just came on suddenly. Right arm worse. I hurt all over, painful joints and feeling tired and no energy, cannot sleep through the night. Knee and shoulder pain. again my dr. is sending me for blood work one test says V58.69 long term drug use . what is this test looking for ?? Can your cervix be effaced if you are not pregnant? Stomach pain and rumbling behind belly button, cramping and spasms! What's going on here? is stomach cancer related to lung cancer? I noticed a small lump in my armpit about a month ago. It has gotten larger and has become painful.  I have pains across the middle of my back that causes lots of pain and limits my ability to do anything. Will MRI help Sprained ankle 8 weeks ago. Still swollen below knob bone pain on side of foot both worsen with any walking; indicates? Sciatic nerve pain? for about 6 weeks, right foot only. cant move toes or ankle. Will i be able to walk again? My husband has severe lower back pain and left hip pain will not go away what can he do? No doctor will do an MRI Busted hand 5 mths ago. Swelled and bruised from knuckles to wrist. X-ray showed no breaks or fractures. Still hurts. could high LDL be because of pancreatitis Issue with knee. hi am 36 yrs guy, i have pain after masturbation in pelvis area.Not in penis.It goes after 1 week when i dont masturbate Dizziness headache Chest pain Dull pain in side back and naval Lost and gain but mostly loss of appetite can ovarian cyst cause spotting after menopause When on blood thinners and also having rheumatoid arthritis. Is there anything natural to take, to alleviate pain? Can gout hurt in your heels? 38 yr male, little bit underweight,having pain in legs and lower back, numness hands at times also having ED lately,??? curtainly taking Gabapentin, For nerve pain. What if any are the side effects of taking this medication long term. can trigger finger lead to osteoarthristis Is there an adverage life expectancy for 93 year old person with stage 4 renal failure? How do you treat cervical spinal stenosis? can chronic pain make a person violent? Yesterday and today i noticed small traces of brownish blood in my underwear and when i go to the bathroom Why is my period not stopping? Fell on knee. 1" petruding bump, or bulge just below knee cap. 2 weeks ago. mild pain. bad bruise? lump in chest My daughter has bruises on her leg from softball that will not go away that are 9 months old. What can we do? does neurontin help back pain Hi! Its been a year since I got married. I have severe pain when we have intercourse. Pain starts in neck then burns shoulder and down arms please help what can i do to reduce the pain  Eye trauma..( been more than 2 years) and I still have a sensativity to light and early morning pain staff infection in uterus Pain in middle of chest for weeks now. is it normal to feel liver pain after gallbladder removal? what could be causing pain in my neck only if i turn a certain way or bend it feels like something popping neck pain that comes and goes whenever i bend it or turn my head feels like it pops With nerve damage from 2 fusions and problems walking, what exercises will help me lose 40 lbs? Also got fibromyalgia Can a muscle knot in my back cause pain in my sternum? I am suffereing from extremely painful headaches and are accompanied by painful boils in my nose. What is it?  Surf wave drove me head first into the sand a week ago tomorrow, slight pain in stomach, diarreah, clay colored, now its soild but still clay colored... concerns? I have severe sinus headaches that are unaffected by ibuprofen, zyrtecD and a nasal steroid. I have these severe pain on my right side every month i have my period, what causes that? I get a sharp pain in my right side just below my rib cage any time i take a deep breath or rotate my torso. what is it? my son blew his nose and heard a loud pop, lost his vision for a minute and got dizzy, now has ear pain what could it be Blurred vision in one eye first thing in morning, which usually clears after about an hour Why does my tooth hurt after a new filling was done? pain and swelling in wrists, hands, feet, ankles and feeling of snapping rubber band in fingers, sore muscles, knee pain Bruised left testicle Can I give my cat anything for pain that just gave birth to a litter of kittens? Last DP shot was 2 yrs ago but I am still having irregular peroids.My current has been on for 17 days now, Whats wrong? Can I use Benedryl allergy med for contact dermatitis? What pain med can I take at the same time? How do I figure out what kind of Chronic Back Pain I have? Am I being prescriped too much antibiotics? Hi, When I try to remember anythign while studying, I start feeling sleepy and also causes pain in the brain? Drop in blood pressure and drop in blood count severe abdominal pain Is it possibly Peyronie's Disease? If so, in early or late stages? Or something else? Jesus Christ Heals. can a severed nerve in the foot cause facial paralysis I'm not on my period. But I've been getting really bad pains that I thought were cramps but they feel even worse .  posterior cruciate ligament injury Are STD's detected in a urine dipstick test?  What is the treatment of choice for car accident whiplash with symptoms or arm or leg pain Is Lumbar Epidural Steroid Injections safe if you have diverticulitis? Need to know before Monday (5/26) night! My husband has slow urninating, itchy Testicals, and pain when ejaculating. What could this be? Bloody stool help? Pain in left breast and left arm appears to be a callous on my second toe. tender to the touch or when i am wearing socks and shoes. any self treatment? Why have I been waking up to pee multiple times (almost every hour) during the night? My girlfriend is very small and feels pain and swelling after we have intercourse. Any suggestions on what we can do? I got my period while doing sex on aprl 28th.im having menstrual pains bt i didn't get period till now..am i pregnant? Droped 25 inch tv on foot 4 weeks ago. Diagnosed with foot contusion. Still painful to walk. Appox. recovery time? can low testostrone affect fibromyalgia pain I fell on my heels 3 years ago. It hurt a lot then but it wasn't fractured. Why does it still hurt when I am standing? Back pain good chair? Why does my head hurt so severly when I cry? I simply try not to cry as it is so painful. I have to urinate every 2-3 hours thruout the night/sleeping. I do drink 8-10 glasses of H20 a day. what causes this? Is over 200mg morphine sulphate an excessive amount for chronic back pain? Pain around bottom outside of both heels. Had tarsal tunnel release without relief. Developed neuropathy both feet. What might cause excessive bloating and pelvic pain other than constipation? What could cause severe pain during your period when you have to have a bowel movement?  Diabetes Symptoms what should be done about a Cysts the size of a marble on the back of neck, close to spine. I was given an antibiotic shot for strep throat. Can I also take ibuprofen? when I overexert myself during exercise or intercoarse I get this bad pain in my anal area along with my testicles recieved unprotected oral sex girl. it was hurting. I came in her out and their was a bleeding cut right below the tip. My dog is now 10yrs old and overweight. He has energy but lately has been limping everytime he gets up, is it arthritis? How is epididymitis effected by having a vasectomy? I had one 14 yrs ago, but having pain in both testicles 4 days.  Is there pain in the genital area when you have a UTI  I've just started taking birth control, could it be causing my chest pains and headaches? How seriously shoud I take a peck to the eye? blood vessel on scrotom started bleeding during the night Is there a topical ointment to help heal and ease the pain of anal fissures? can a person travel in flight (FOR 2 HOURS)after 1 year of his heart surgery(CABG) and he is still taking his medicines My husband has pain under and around his right butt cheek when he bends or lifts anything heavy. What could it be? pain in lower neck, radiating into shoulder and down the arm, and numbness in the thumb. what might cause this to occur? Do doctors often overlook or minimize this disease due to lack of professional development or ignorance? Why does one of my nipples fill with fluid to the point that it is bulging and painful?  How "normal" is repetitive neck pain in very active 10 year olds? I am having terrible knee pain, ER doc said maybe a slight touch of arthirtis, naproxen is not working any ideas Is there a non-surgical treatment option for a recurring abdominal hernia? Numb, tingling feeling on left small and ring fingers. Pain at the muscle below the left elbow have severe heel pain in one of my feet, causes? My right hand is very painful and swollen, what causes this? Can a Woman have a heart attack and not know it? I am not suppose to get my period for 12 days but I started bleeding during sex. Bright red with pain My period was 8 days late and i was having pregnancy symptoms. then i had an extremely light and abnormal period. is darvocet issued 07 16 2009 still potent  Is it possible to have broken a shinbone without experiencing a major event or pain? I fractured a couple of ribs about three weeks ago and have develped numbness in the arm and hand on side of fracture.  Pregnant from no intercourse?? Back Pain, Side pain under ribs rightside, What could it be? Why do it hurt in my lower stomach doing intercourse I have had deep dull pain in my back, left shoulder blade towards middle and middle of my chest and below my breasts. Been having stomach pains , but my period isn't up til the end of June , on birth control but sometimes I take it late Is this normal? i fell landed hard on my left knee and ever since i cant put any pressure on it and hurts to walk bend or move.  My stomach is upset and sour and I am not geting my full 8 hours of sleep and if I'm moveing pain goes away or I forget Is re-occuring shingles pain, sometimes with outbreaks, normal? I have a dark ring under the head of my penis.  gas pains As you stated earlier to a female in her sixties, I also fell 7 months almost 8 months go at works and the doctors have  I have been having pain between the left shoulder blade and T2 vertebrae. Should I be concerned? I had sharp pain under my left brest and could hardly breath what could it be. Lasted 7-8 min w/ bouts of stabbing pain  My right hand swells and pain shoots to my elbow when I turn my right arm a certain way. when i stretch my legs or my uper body i get severe pain like charlie horses i cant stretch at all due 2 pain back/legs I have a pain that goes from the leg joint to my ankle-what could it be? Sometime during bowel movements I strain and accidentally ejaculate. It furthermore hurts to urinate. Lasts for 10 mins pain and pressure in sternum area, seems worse with physical activity, caused by swollowing steaming hot food I'm 25 years old I have pain in armpit are near breast where I found a pea size lump. Pain comes and goes. i am 18 years old my one testile is very small than other and there is no pain inside it then what is the reason  I am 56. Statins give be muscle pain, on red rice. Is that good? Doc prescribed 4mg Dilaudid 3x/day, not working anymore now that I've returned to work. Can I also take 50mg Tramadol? i have no pain inside it.and in case of testicular cancer there is pain.tell me how much the % that it may be cancer? muscle strain I have been having severe abdominal pain after every meal. What could it be? My boyfriend fell on his hip and injured himself pretty badly and now when he coughs, it causes him a lot of pain.  Rotator Cuff Injury? Can a 17 year old addicted to masturbation have prostate cancer? left leg artery 100% blocked why don't i poop Discolored hands and painful joints? I asked a question and did not get an answer fitting question. I have pain in my legs from my knees down when I lay in bed at night. What could it be and what can I do? what is the strongest pain med you can get over the counter for back pain? What type of doctor should my husband see for neck pain..... My Neck hurts once i tilt it back it cracks like 3 or 4 times it becomes very sharp pain once i do this what should i do I use to have throat pain after having oral sex with my pertner.. is it too risky? I am a 34 year old male. Since last two months I am suffering from heartburns. need help with pains in my chest; what does it mean when you have cramps under your ribcage? mid-back pain with activity, large bruise-like discoloration (4-5" diameter) to the left of my spine mid back over 1yr. Can plantar fascitits cause pain below the ball of the foot rather than the heel? Tonsil infection, Jaw pain, sore throat,slight ear infection, headaches, stiff neck lead to something serious? every time i do lunges, i get groin/leg injury in my thigh. should i get MRI does the pain with the appendix have a burning sensation?  pain on the right side form lower back to abdomen hurts to walk and sit should i go to the doctors pain on the right side form lower back to abdomen hurts to walk and sit should i go to the doctors What do I eat after gall bladder removal? Have been spotting for 2 weeks now. Take Enpresse. Never done this before and am soon to be 46. ?Perimenopause? Back pain after lying down High Blood pressure, increased pulse rates, high acidity and throbbing feeling in the head.What could be wrong? IBS VS Pancreatits? i have symptoms of both , lately my stomach pain has gotten so severe ive debated on going to the ER I'm 51 and in menopause. I have frequent sex. Is there a substance in lubricants that exacerbates UTI's? Can you take Naproxen for pain after a tooth extraction? My left testicle still has pain and sensitivity after a little over 6 months after the varicocele surgery. Why? can quiting smoking cause joint pain take 32 grandpa tabs, 2 panado tabs and 2 tramacet tabs three times daily...is it dangerous? very sore ankle tenden ongoing ankle pain on left side with tightness and spasms going up leftleg and MRI negative any ideas? Will a hot compress help elevate pinched nerve neck pain? 4 wisdom teeth out,,,, can I take Motrin 800 every 6 hours and tylenol with codine every 4 hours What can I do to releive the sciatic pain I have, especially first thing in the morning? Can anyone help with pelvic/lower back problems I frequently have ejaculate discharge from flaccid penis following bowl movement. Not involved with arrousal, whole wipe Severe headache after using a male enhancement. After 2 days the headache included back pain and leg pain. Emergency? Went to a podiatrist with extreme pain from plantar fascitiis. He said bunion was the cause and needed to be removed. I have a clear mucousy vagianl discharge, looks like snot. There is no pain, odor, or itching. What is this? low ab. cramping after period, moody, constipation, random exhaustion, 3 periods 1 month time pee often alot to little I have sharp burning pain in my right buttock. I can't sit for long periods of time. I have groin pain, hip flexor and upper hamstring on my left side when i am sitting. Its been for several months I cannot fully open my mouth. When I do, I hear a clicking noise and immediately get a severe sharp pain in me ear. I cannot fully open my mouth. When I do, I hear a clicking noise and immediatley get a severe sharp pain in my ear. am having neck pain last from 6 month, took the lot off aayurvedik treatment but no result which treatment should i take Does a woman need to have a biopsy to find out if she has a yeast infection? Can esophageal spasm cause teeth, both lower and upper, severe pain? CAN STOMACH TISSUE TEAR WHILE WORKING OUT Sex is painful, it feels like there is a ring in my vagina that is hard to push through and painful. Why? been passing stones in my urine pea size the doctors says it normal but it's cause a lot pain.Any ideas on wat could be? im constanly stuffed for years and have mucus build up in my nose, some nasal drip down my throat, and im not sick? Black diarrhea, severe abdominal cramps, fatigue, lower back pain. Can these be caused by my Depo shot? During sex I bent my penis, ouch. There was no pop and was able to finish. Since then my penis has been sore no bruising Could I be preg? So it has probably been about 4 to 5 months now since I believe I have gotten pregnant. what wood cause bowel movements to be green ? i do take naproxen for pain ... Since i was 12, i've been contact sensitive to water. The pain is immense and i never got it checked out. Should i? Why am I experiencing so many side effects while taking the Depo-Provera shot? And should I stop taking it? When should my 41 yr old bf seek attention for arrhythmia no pain,has hadfor years/increased in intensity and frequency? Can I get HIV from open mouth kissing that lasted one or two seconds? guy gently sucked my lips for two or three seconds does diverticulitis casue pain during sex what causes shoulder and neck pain I fell and hurt my tail bone while hiking. Could this be bruised or fractured? Took 2/200mg of advil this morning for pain. Is it ok to take my lisinopril 10mg tonight.  17 Y/O son had a Baseball bounce up and hit his testicles Complaing of abd pain-How long should you wait before an exam Kidney stones  On my left side just below my ribs I have a red spot and its painfull I HAVEN'T URINATED IN 12 HOURS . AM I OK ? NO PAIN. I have had bladder pain for 15 years and sharp pains in my abdomen for the past 8 months. Any ideas? Can my primary doctor refuse to give me a referral to a pain management doctor? I'm in pain from back surgeries I am a youth that has recently been having poor erection quality including decreased size and ability to maintain. Help? pain and bleeding after intercorse and discharge is worse now ive had it for 10 years now What do I do if my eye is red, swollen, mucus filled, painful, and blurry? I fell on my elbow is it broke or bruised i have leg pain thats excruciating, i had a trauma crushing my leg on concrete being thrown in a pool what do i do can i get humira over the counter? If not, then how? Left Shoulder pain, gas? Can genital molluscum contagiosum occur unilaterally on the glans penis? is celebrex a blood thinner Am I still pregant ? i have what i think is terrible gas - too many vegetables,extremely painful nothing helps not simethicone or antacids Pain is these signs of prenancy  What causes the IUD mirena to become dislodged Would one be in a wheelchair at the close of their life due to siatice nerve pain? i have this weird bubble like feeling under my ribs..my stomach looks bloated but not hard... how to prevent dysentery My 80 year old mother's left leg is swollen from her thigh to her foot however, she claims not to have any pain? My boyfriend is having serious ear pain what can I do for him to relieve the pain?  Can herpes cause joint pain Can Natural Sarapin injections be used to treat back pain caused as a result of scoliosis? sudden sharp pain on top of my elbow and also in my forearm muscle on opposite arm lasting about 1 minute or longer I have a pain, seems to be coming from the back of my knee, when i bend it from straight position, kneel on it or squat. Ive been having horrible pain and swelling in my wrist for months, Its not getting any better, what should I do? I had a quadruple by pass 4 years ago. Recently, when i sneeze, it causes strong pain in my chest, similar to post op. Why are my joints making so many different noises and aching? Does ACL tear cause pain in lower leg and feet? Really bad stomach pain, back shooting pains, very bad headaches = what possibly? Can I give my dog both benadryl and aspirin at the same time? I've been in my period for 4 months straight now. Please help me Does arthritis travel from back to leg?  Can a vitamin d level of 10 cause fatigue leg pain and leg weakness? Arthritis pain and Degenerative progression omg! i just want to know how to stop my dogs tooth ache pain till i can get to a vet i have pain in my lower right side i have had a hysterecyany only the uterus removed ? what type of doctor to see for neck I am having pain in my throat while swallowing? Can i take Azithromycin 250mg tab for the throat infection? Got Knee debridement of lateral meniscus done on my right knee. Its been 3 months having pain? What's the max rehab time What medications can I talk to my pain management doctor about to help with my sciatica and constant migraines? Back pain  I have pain in the groin area on the right side and sharp shooting pains down my leg. What could that be? Friend dying of esophageal cancer. She had all the classic signs. Anyway should the Numerous Drs she saw have caught it I have deep throbbing pain in my hips, I am 36 and have gone through a hysterectomy 3 years ago, would this be a cause? Discovered Green Blob at End of Penis edema with painful sores lupus symptoms can your mind take over when you fall and can't feel any pain and you're just perfectly fine or is it something else? caught my foot no pain a few days later i did is it possible to get a injury without immediate signs Im told no My rib cages hurts?! Is neck pain common with cellutis in the leg Everything from my waist down has varying stages of numbness. Is peripheral neuropathy the cause? Could muscle spasms cause sciatica why do i have brown vaginal discharge Wrist pain in BOTH wrists restraining me from normal activities... What causes pain or soreness to the taste buds or tip of the tongue when no trama has occurred? How to treat a torn tenden What could cause an 18 year old female problems such as stomach pain and bloating, rapid weight loss, loss of appetite? I have sharp pain in my left breast. it began with pain under my armpits and then my breast. why is the pain in my fathers top left ribcage may someone please help my father Back pain is shooting into my abdominal area. What causes this? Can Ulcers Cause Chest Soreness or Pain?  am 31yrs male,found blood traces in sperms aftre ejactulation and sometimes pain in abdomen? Can I take Percocet every 4 hours instead of every 6 hours for pain relief? i have this red spot on the head of my penis for 2months now, no pain not itching, it accumulates crust on it sometimes hubby has a red eye no pain no discharge what can he do What is the best pain medicine for chronic low back pain options for kidney/ bladder stone Constipation and swollen rectum, sometimes bloody stool and internal pain when having a bowel movement severe stomach pain every morn. untill about noon time.  Just recently, my big toe has had a dull pain throughout the day. What could cause this? Nutrilite supplements?? Are they beneficial for back and knee pain? can percocet (or other narcotic pain reliever) and meloxicam be taken together? meloxicam alone isnt working How to treat bad acid reflux? could i be pregnant? or could it be after effects from the depo shot Does strep throat worsen after starting antibiotics?  How long should I wait after anal fissure to have sex? where do you feel pain with Kidney disease What can I take to relive my sciatica pain not always there once in a while, will asperin help  What is causing severe pain in the back of my thigh (hamstring area)? can i take advil with amoxicillin?  Adderall causing symptoms or Anxiety? Extreme stomach pain accompanied with gas Itchy around anus and while ejaculating it is painful and lot of discomfort is there. discomfort in stomach and limbs  What do you do when all non invasive procedures have been taken for shoulder pain, locking and weakness? What could be the cause of the throbbing wave like pain in my right kidney? I have a 3mm kidney stone in my left kidney My 9 year old daughter has gurgly and painful gas several times a week and bouts of diarrhea 2-3 times a month. Is there any effective things us can do to relieve pain of herpes outbreak until I can go to doctors (3 days)? Sciatica  A fever followed by sharp pains and breathing problems. Carpal tunnel surgery not an option, but can't get a pain management referal. So much pain what now Lower back pain and in the back of my thighs and butt? Can a sinus infection cause urinary frequency and pain? I have been taking neurontin for 6 days for back pain and having some nasty side effects. How quickly can i come off it? sudden fever chills headache neck pain ringing in ears started about 3hrs ago help Can Corticosteroid Injections into Shoulder / joints for pain cause heavy and long bleeding cycle for menstural cycle? I went for a long 3 hour walk and now have pain behind the knee and arch of my foot. can varicose veins cause this pain? Ive been on the pill for 13 yrs im 26 recently stopped taking 3wks ago.due to recurring brkthru bleeding.exp pain today how long does it take eyes to adjust to a new prescription? i'm having migraines with a lot more frequency than usual. Can having sex throw off your cycle or could it be pregnancy? I started bleeding on the 4th an last for 2 days my period isn't due tell the 10th still nothing and it's the 13th why  Why is my doctor refusing to let me self pay for a few months? can artritus in one knee cause arthritus in the other knee.  My cycle is getting longer, pain during sex, and ovarian pain. Thrush  I have severe chest pain on the left where my heart should be. The pain is triggered when I eat and excessive smoking Does the pain come and go? Does appendicitis pain come and go? I have a mass protruding from my vagina. It's not painful to touch but it is causing pain. Is this a cyst or prolapse? I need some pretty immediate answers, please how long do the symptoms of excessive masterbation last it started 3 weeks ago, im on birth control and blead/ spotted at wrong time, after that i started being nausious a lot Ankle injury has resulted in lump on ankle, what treatment options would i have at home Ear pain and stuffy nose Last period was on 17july.I had spotting with pain on 6aug before my period to start.Now 3 days due for my period. Been having sharp pain above my belly button. And on my right side in the upper groin pelvic area. What can be the cause When do you re-seek medical attn for hematoma?  yellow jackets stung hand 7x at once. Had pain, swelling, no anaphlactic reaction. Carry an Epipen from now on? had unprotexted sex about a year ago no bumps or anything pain in tip of penis and down left inner leg What can relieve chronic severe neck pain due to severe fibromyalsia? sore on testicle turned into a soft patch of skin after scabing over what could it be i have a bit of pain I have these pain in my testicals and my pelvis, i am wondering if this is serious or not? I have a hard bump on the side of my left middle finger. There's no pain or anything. What is it? Could my period be 2 weeks early? Or is it something else? Was in a rollover car crash on Sunday my wrist and shoulder hurts what can I do to make the pain stop? What are the consequences for not having my gall bladder removed, when I was told that I have numerous stones. No Ins. What would cause a filling of vibration in the hip pelvis area Does pain in the middle right side of back when I turn certain ways indicate a fractured rib? If not, what else?  My Dr. diagnosted me when this bacterial vaginosis. My lower abdomen hurts to touch, and when I urinate as well. All day my urine smells like a dirty diaper I am 60 yrs. old and 120 lbs. My doctor prescribed 15 mg. of oxycodone IR/4-6 hrs. for my back pain. Is this too much? veins bulging out Close to the head of my penis I drink everyday and smoke sometimes doctor says heart is fine but chest hurts and shortness of breath what can it be Can stress cause limb weakness? Small veins bulging out Close to the head of my penis... splinter in finger. Tried tweezers,needle,epsom salt,Mag.Sulph. Still there. Now a red bump w/o pain. should I see doc? What is cause of sudden intense head ache while straining physically?  Age 66 right shoulder pain and ratcheting, night pain, had accidents long ago, swimming fast to age 50, sleep on right adderall is it testicular torsion? What does it mean when my ears pop out of place? can a large does of antibiotics cause infection in the gut, they say she has an infection in the abdomian but unlocated Left lymph node under jaw has hurt for past couple weeks. Is it possible for adults my age to get arthritis?, I'm 25 and have been experiencing some high levels of back pain. no bowel movement in 2 days...can it cause gas and back pain? Having discomfort right lower back deep and urine is normal, should I see the DR.? what causes orange urine an body aches Would it be pointless to visit a doctor years after contracting Lyme Disease? Dog in pain Massive knee pain, cannot move leg without pain. popping noise from behind knee when straightenened Can cankor sores result in ear pain? my doctor subcribed me cyclobenzaprine and prednisone for my back pain is that normal qwqweqw I'm spotting with cramps, just finished my period though. What's going on I'm an eighteen year old female who was recentently in a car wreck with some spinal injury. I can no longer feel pain. brown in color, on the pill but planned parenthood told her it was the lack of good bacteria. True? IS IT NORMAL TO GOT BLEEDING PERIOD AT AGE 70? Can you have diverticulosis with constant abdomen pain for months and that seems to be the only symptom? have pain in shoulder when I move my arm  Stabbing pain from ankle to knee Its been 2.5 weeks since I have had a BM. My "reg" is 3-4 days w/o BM. Im dizzy headache and itchy. Abdominal pain.help? When I have to poop my sides hurt . Like pressure on my kidneys ? Is this reason to worry ? My nipples started hurting 2days after my bf pulled them. Is that the reason why they have been so sensitive and hard? What could be going on? my waist has a pain. and it directs to my fingers as electric shock. Are there any home remedy creams to put near the vagina? How long after the bouts with Pancreatitis subside can you begin eating small portions of bland foods? Missed period 7weeks, foot and ankles are swelling and back pain How do I cure tight foreskin? Stomach ache for the past week? Stomach ache for the past week? I started getting bumps around the shaft of my penis after shaving about 2 months ago unlike razor burn. What are they? Surgery 6 days ago, No Bowel movement in 7 days. impacted very sore. have taken over counter softener I have chronic pain a couple days before and after my period which leaves me nearly immobile. Would hysterectomy help? Son has a Bruised back and is Vomiting after being tackle on Friday while playing football what should I do ? I have a marble sized inflamed bump between my anus and vagina (to the right.) Birth control causing stmach pains? I'm deydrated but have been drinking water constantly and instantly urinating it out. Also have diarreha, light headed I had sex about 4 weeks ago. He doesnt have an STD and didnt cum yet my stomach has been hurting since then. Why? Not Sleeping. Ambien CR, Melatonin, TylonolPM etc don't work. Frustrated, stressed, in pain. Doc doesn't know. Help! My anus feels swollen what do I do? Daughter in severe pain, advised to see GI dr. but can't get appt. till at least 1 month. Can we get someone to see her Should one have the ability to feel or see their ovaries? The ovaries appear as a bulge. On a scale of one to ten, ten being the worst, how bad is the pain when the salivary gland stone passes? Why do I keep having chest pain everyday? It's non-cardiac and I take NSAID's for them. I have white spots on the back of my throat for about 2 months now. My throat is NOT, I repeat, NOT sore. Whats wrong? i was out jogging last week, and my heart started to hurt, so i stopped and walked, and it went away, should i be worrie What's causing the sharp pains in my back, right under my shoulder blades? It hurts to breathe. Having Sore Throat from past 1 years.  Delay in lung cancer diagnosis..Do you think if i would of been diagnosed 6 months earlier would it made a difference What is the name for severe nerve pain in thigh? I got stitches and a filling over the stitches after tooth extraction. How long do I wait to smoke? what specific meds are used for pain with herniated cervical disks? Why does my Clavicle hurt? Can stool test be a false negative? I dropped a cupboard door on my foot, why is it painfully swollen and my toes are black? Is sudden intense ovulation pain normal? Why do I have a sharp pain just below my sternum and above my belly button Can back pain cause heart problems? I have severe pain in my breasts. Especially around the nipples. I don't know what to do. does tamoxifen cause shingles Who do I call about mesentric artery stenosis? What are the symptoms? My dads sister has it and I have hypertension. have cystocope and urodynamic test tomorrow, what should I expect as far as pain? am pretty scared! I'm a 19 year old female. Ever since I was little I get intense chest pain to where I can't breathe. Doctor or no? Lower left abdominal pain? what does it mean wheni dont get my period on and off spotting all month I have been having sever knee pain for awhile now. If I bend it, it makes a popping noise and is very painful. HELP! Can an enlarged prostrate cause lower back pain? How can I stop this pain in my testicles and bum? I have pain from the front hip, going down to the front of thigh. any advice? I was diagnosed at 14 years old with two of these cysts on either side of my spine. I'm now 46 and I still have them. Period is 16 days late, lower back and abdominal pains, discharging, but pregnancy tests are negative. Other causes? can middle ear infection cause jaw and teeth pain? im a male 29 never had seizures before now have had 4 in 8 months my eeg and mri were normal ehat could cause them My left eye feels heavy since yesterday, and today I am feeling light headed and having nausea.  can degenerative disc disease cause thigh pain? I'm 20 with anaroxia , trying to recover and I feel heart pain after eating is it normal Am I Pregnant? Hi Am75 with heart condition n pace maker installed. For some time have knee pain and find problematic to climb sta  can shoulder pain be caused from blocked arteries? where does pain come from? lower right stomach pain? Vaginal blisters near the opening of my vagina that are in a linear line, whitsh in color. No burning, itching or pain. Sprained ankle causing horrible pain when I'm sleeping. Wakes me up and doesn't feel better unless I stand. Right Knee Pain would bladder stones cause blood clots in urine? how do you fix a torn rotator cuff and four bulging discs Why do I get abdominal pain during intercourse? is pain killer tablets make side effects on women  what are the side effects make by pain killer tablets in women?  sharp pain under right breast rt side neck pain cough causes instant migrane on rt side normally migranes on lt side I cut my finger on rusty screw. Its been 14 yrs since Tenanus shot. I now have pain in wrist and swelling.will bos prev? Do I need to go to emergency room for eye? HELP My left midde buttock, has very sharp pains when i first arise in the mornings, so bad i can hardly walk, then susides White sore in mouth?? I have a small circle on my penis that looks like A scar. I have only been with 1 girl and I was her only sexual partner strange period I went to the ER last night with chest pain going into my right arm. I am not sexually active, have 4 white masses near my vaginal area, one is bigger than the other three, and rubbing=pain While lying on floor kissing with hubby on top, I felt a "pop" and got pain in the upper left abd/ribs. What can it be? Osteoarthritis This has been happening daily, I have a clear gel like discharge from my vagina. No smell, no pain.  Hi I was shocked by 14400 volts Vaginal Yeast Infection I am worried I injured myself internally while masturbating with a brush if poked a hole in my bladder how would I know Afraid I may have Colon Cancer? Can you have arthritis pain 24 hours a day Feet and occasionally legs are going numb. Should I seek medical attention. What is Male Sexual Pain Disorders? I have been having a pain in left nipple on occasion but no discharge. The nipple has become sensitive. Could I Still be pregnant? what are the chances? Nipple and breast pain could i be pregnant? What can cause a burning sensation to appear suddenly on the soles of the feet and turn into fiery pain on standing up? Appendicitis After a night of heavy drinking, upper right abdomen feels bloated, very little to no pain but some slight discomfort Can you dislocate a rib? Feeling hot frequently but no fever, no body ache or any other symptoms Why won't my hymen break? I've been w/ 3 people and even through vaginal penetration w/ fingers and penis it wont break What is an altenative to tylenol What to eat with HSP? Constant Ribcage pain after drinking? Should I go to the doctor? *knee cap Injury* for ~2 wks, I've had mild-serious chest pain, jaw pain, and also mild fever 1x. Should i go to ER? Pain and popping in ear months after a mastoidectomy. What is the cause of a small, sharp pinch on my back between my left shoulder blade and spine? Having trouble still Peripheral neuropathy Hard immovable dark brown-black-ish pea sized lump on labia minora, left of clitoris. No pain, suddenly appeared. Ideas? I was punched in the ear and left ear lost hearing, ive just put my head under water and there was a pop and so painful I have a stretched muscle in my right shoulder blade. What exercises are best in shrinking this muscle back in shape? I need to find a doctor for my back pain. An x-ray showed degenerative issues in L1 and L5.  Venous Insufficiency I had IRC, only one small hemmorroid left, but still having severe pain (burning) following most BM. What could it be? Went to the doctors, had Xrays done on my back doctors said nothing is wrong with me, but back hurts worse. I'm can't pee while standing unless I force it?  can an ultrasonography detect a past abortion Do I need stents? I am 61. Having high triglycerides (848 now) since 14years. What is this, and what to do? Cut behind anus, light blood, bleeds when BM, 1 - 2 weeks. what does it mean to have pain on right side with large amounts of blood in urine,no UTI. what if it doesnt burn to urinate it feels like it is stuck is that still a uti Is it normal to have pain/discomfort 6 weeks after hernia operation? Itchy vaginia slight smell pain when urinating like a uti I have sharp pain in my upper to mid right side of my back. what could it be? what could cause the pain in my right hip when i walk it hurts the top of me leg down to my knee when i touch it?  how would it be if they left something in you from surgery my husband has been vomiting coffee grounds for two months,  I'm 54, last six mornings have had tightness and pain under sternum that goes away after a couple of hours. Does Oxycodone block pain, or Mask pain Is Tart Cherry Juice effective in treating back pain? 2 days ago experienced sudden onset deep pain in area of left kidney unresolved, No UTI clear urine no fever What to do? Knee Pain while taking Naproxen  I injured my foot a year ago by landing on it backwards from a flip. Hasn't healed yet but no bone break. Will it heal? Sharp pain in lower left side of abdomen, comes and goes for about 3 years now The tip of my left ring finger and part of my left foot have both gone numb. What could this be and should I be worried? I have been having bad chest pain for a week. It is not my heart evey test for the heart was ok including caterization. Are there continued problems related to gall bladder removal? I have 8 inch penis. Girls moan in pain, have gotten injured in sex.. i don't have a monster pornstar cock! HELP Broken Rib, cartilage or muscle? isoniazid and impotency - don't want to talk to my doc for obvious reasons I have pain in the knee cap that comes and goes on both knees. I have had this pain since I was 12. Is it arthritis? I think i have an intestinal blockage. Have tried various laxitives for 8 days and am only getting small BM. Next step? is stomach pain after mutual masturbation normal? having a dull pain in my lower abdomen and pain in my right testitcle? What causes the right testicle to become enlarged? It's been like that for several years. There is no pain. I get sharp chest pains on the left side near my heart. They dont last long but it happens often. Coffee ground like vaginal discharging Why do you say ALS has no pain involved, then list muscle cramps, spacicity, spasms, as symptoms. No pain? Wrong answer infected prostraite gland Can being overweight cause unexplained knee pain? Should you avoid a hot tub when you have an UTI? How to care for tear on female genitals I have dull pain in my lower leg while sitting. had/have a fractured fibula. cast for 12weeks and its been off for 2. Is jaw pain while exercising a sign of heart trouble ? I have being spotting for 3 days andbhave lower pain in my bladder Why is that I recently fell at work, went to ER for eval and I have a pre-existing condition W/C won't treat-tumor. Do i have appendicitis? Pain in my left testicle Epididymis IS THERE A CONNECTION BETWEEN IBS AND BACK PAIN? in winter i have cold feet and toes pain,sweeling and redness and can't walk What's going on? I'm depressed and when I can't take anymore I get suicidal, but I can not physically harm myself untill I snap. Why? Small area on back rash pain itch tingling an burning what is it Incision sight pain a yr after hysterectomy I hurt my penis while masterbating. There is a sharp pain at the base with a little raised part where it hurts. Could it be stress? Would that make me bleed an slight pain?? Its light red blood an a little bit of clotting what is in or surrounds the breast and wraps around the side that could be hurt by slamming into a door very hard For a while know I have always had either constipation or diarrhea and in pain - I also suffer anxiety and panic attacks I was masterbating and I felt pain. I have a raised vein that also hurts at the base. Could it be a clotted vein? Abdominal pain ,black watery stool, loss of appetite Slight irriation at the opening of urethra after oral sex. I felt some slight discomfort during which may be the cause Should I go to hospital or..? I had a fixed drup eruption that affected my genitals, now I'm suffering from chronic penile pain especially when erect At the age of 40, is it common to "fall apart"?? pain in neck with temp of 101 Had a total abdominal hysterectomy 3 1/2 months ago and still have pelvic pain what do that mean? Why am I still in pain 2 years after surgery? should I delay my hip replacement because of tooth extraction? Painful knot in breast cavity. What could it be? I have constant back pain every day but mri and EMG came back fine. So what could be wrong with me? My wife is on oxy for pain. She is abusing the med. How can I get her off? What other med. can she take?  Last month i had period twice. This month my breasts are hurting like i am about to start my period again. I noticed babies get upset stomachs when starting formula, and almost all brands contain soy. Is soy bad for babies? When I wake up, my ear is often swollen shut and wet. I have no pain and feel better after moving around for 10 minutes. Hit back (3/4 down) on a thin, hard circuit card protruding from shelf. Not sure if I hit my spine. Should I be worried? How can I treat ligamentous laxity and the pain that comes with it? What could it be with my child (4yrs old) Cant keep anything down(food,fluids),with pain in his stomach and back? I've had the same pain in what would be the lumbar herniated disk for 2 weeks. When should I go to my doctor? Did I re-break my arm? My girlfriend was diagnosed with Pericarditis. She is 17. should i be worried? Is it really serious at this age? Teen overweight girl masturbated twice and is suffering from chest pains hours after My period hasn't came on. I have been having gas, peeing, headaches, sleeping a lot. Could something be wrong with me? Testicle Surgery Recovery  Can iron sucrose effect the liver and gallbladder? can an enlarged prostate cause sciatic nerve pain? Hello Dr. my wife had undergone hysterectomy for endometriosis. Back pain and abdominal pain continues after 2 months Sudden onset of pain, swelling and bruising in a knuckle on my hand. Tender to the touch. No injury; Some joint pain. can an injury to finger cause trigger finger Can methadone be used for severe back pain, or is it strictly used for people who have a drug problem? I have taken OxyContin for 2-3 years for chronic pain. Will I have difficulty coming off the medicine and need rehab? 