What disorders affect the penis? Can I enlarge my penis? I can't take prescription drugs for erectile dysfunction. Will a penis pump work? Do penile pumps work? Do penile enlargement surgeries work? What are these small cracks in the head of my uncircumcised penis? Will herbal supplements enlarge my penis? Is there a difference in sensitivity between a circumcised and uncircumcised penis? What is the average penis size? Is there a way to medically increase the size of my penis? While having sex, I felt a hard painful snap inside my penis halfway up. A hard elongated lump is now there. What is it? 2 months ago, I had a penile implant. My testicle sac containing the controls keeps filling with fluid. Will it go away? I'm in my late 50s and have erection problems. I've have a small choked area at the base of my penis. What can be done? I've seen advertisements for supplements called Vimax and Extenze, for penis enlargement. Are these products safe? What is a hidden or buried penis? Are there complications associated with hidden or buried penis? Can surgery correct hidden or buried penis? i had an ingrown hair on the shaft of my penis, i got it out but its not really healing, what can i do to help it latly when i get an erection when i try to adjust it so its alittle more comfortable i get this painful sensation Having testicle pressure, urethra pain, minor burning while urinating. Chlamydia, gonnorhea negative, what can it be? Can prostatitis cause oversensitivity/irritation to head of penis? A rash is appearing all over my body. started upper arms, then back, now penis Concerned because I had unprotected sex what should u do if u cut or scrape the inside of the penis or urethra during rough sex what should u do if u cut or scrape the inside of the penis or urethra during rough sex there is some pain bleeding  during a bowl movement cloudy discharge come from my penis.No pain in penis from discharge but some lower/testicle pain Can an HPV wart straind lead or cause vulnerability to cancer? I have stick my penis in a guy for 1 second, what is my chances to get infected with HIV? No sores or visible symptoms, could I have herpes? Dry insertion and little burning after ejactulation. Swelling, redness and burning sensation under head of penis. Why?  Will Saw Palmetto help with prostatitis? Red bumps on penis head and shaft.  Can prostatitis cause redness on the tip of the penis? Can a yeast infection cause pain in the urethra as well as the head of the penis? What precautions should be taken while having a sexual intercourse with a bent penis? i have "pimples" on my penis and pelvis that I suspect are herpes. No pain. No watery sac appearance. No irritation.  Triamcinolone Cream and Fordyce Spots? Male 47, I had UTI last month, Treated well. I have lost sensation in groin/penis. erection/ejuculate normal. PL advise. why does it feel like pins and needles when I pee and then painful at the tip of my penis when pulling my pants back up? have 3 small circular lesion/blisters with a white center at the base of my penis. Been there 3 days. Painful to touch At what age is the penis it's permanent size? For those with low testosterone (at 17), can creme spur growth? can u get scabies in your vagina? have been having a white type of build up around the head of my penis cauing severe itching and redness of the head At a massage parlor,had mammary intercourse/bare penis rubbed by breasts. Is this considered safe from STD risks? Can my girl get pregnant if my penus is not cleaned off after coming and i continue to have sex? Penis has two tone colors and my penis head has cracks What could cause red bumps/lesion like areas on genitals? 3 Questions: Does pheromone sprays work Does ion/power bracelets work Does penis enlargement pills/exercises work? My son 7 fell of bike and his penis is now bruised and little swollen, does he need to be seen?  Why am I not able to have sex with my girlfriend though I am able to have sex with my wife? Please advise is it ok to have sex with a cyst on your penis? what is the problem if penis becomes insensitive suddenly after having foresex and now it has been 4mnths.bit improved. I'm 59. When erect my penis now has a significant bend to the right near the head. What are the likely causes?  my 5yr son's penis is very small. Seem to be grow in and not out.His doctor tell my not to worry but i'm worried i have been receiving testtoserone injections due to low testosterone, can they cause nodules, lumpiness inside penis? Can the drug Nortriptyline cause your penis to decrease in size? my grandson age 10 months penis hardly visible testicle size normal . is this cause of concern and further investigation Is there a surgical procedure to remove exess skin from the penis? As in a circumcision that didn't heal properly. Dark red blood was coming out of my penus after ejac.. I urinated, then I started bleeding again. Should I be concerned? Pain in penis shaft while urinating also a milky discharge at times. STD tests are negative. I am a 55 year old male.  icthy and rashes problem wid my penis and anus???? Penile Sensitivity Problems. (under sensitive) Help!!! My penis is dry w/small cut, Im thinking its from having sex with girlfriend.Can I put some kind of moisturizer on it is it normal for a 3 year old boy to play with his 5 year old brother's penis? skin tears around head of penis Did my accident sterilize me? What reason is my glans and penis have erythema and blisters after having sex with my wife? My penis has felt numb since I used a body lotion as a lubricant on it. When will it return to full sensitivity? small white bumps on the bottom sides of my penis shaft? My 4 year old grandson has a good strong stream of urine but it goes sideways. Will he grow out of this? Doc required? My boyfriend has a severe bladder infection... Did he get it from having sexual intercourse w/a female? Had sex with my fiance last night.. After we finished, I noticed he had a tick on his penis. Whait is the difference between 25, 50 and 100mg Viagra? I Think My Urethra Ripped Open (Male) how i can enlarge my penis I found 3 seperate itchybite looking scabs on the midshaft of my penis. Not even 5mm in diameter and dont hurt. Im 19, my penis is under 5inch when erect. Is this normal? HELP i'm scared to have sexual intercourse. ive been taking adhd stimulants ever since i was little. i am 16 and im scared the adderall with stunt penis growth!Help my penis is very short, only 2 1/2 inchs when erect, can anything be done to improve this feels like I have to pee but nothing comes out. tiny amounts, then I go back and another tiny amount. worst at night Does a normal CBC indicate no bacterial infection, such as active syphilis? My partner is unable to put his penis in me because I find it very painful and almost unbearable. Recenlty had abdominal surgery, a partial colonectomy. Penis and testicles are now mishapen, swollen, and discolored.  why do i have genital warts on my penis after 20 years since treatment? why does my penis seem smaller then usual and cannot get an errection Causes of genital warts without sex? can over masturbation cause soreness and a odor on left inner thigh of a male My 2-yr-old son has a very red and swollen penis, painful to touch. He peed without any complaints. What can this be? My penis is slightly bend towards right, does it going to affect my sex life and how to cure it. I have skin attached to the head of my penis, making putting on condoms difficult (and retraction). How do I fix this? skin patch on foreskin I am having trouble keeping my penis hard during vaginal sex. The feeling/sensation in my penis seems to disappear. spot in genital area  I have a harden penis that dosen't reduce Penies Length size for 23 year old Penies Size For 23 Age old 18 year old guy, uncircumcised, virgin. My problem is that my penis gets swollen when I masturbate, well the outer skin. Large redish pimple like bump in pubic hair, painfull at first. could it be an std? i am 22 years old and my penis is not as hard and erected as it was before, what can i do to fix this? i have a first time sex experience,23 aged boy using a condom, but i just ejaculated even bofore inserting into her,WHY? When I ejaculate no semen passes from my penis.  Problem in urine-flow during erection my 13 year old can't retract foreskin on penis.what do i do? If i wash after intercourse, will the water wash the semen away? Should foreskin be retracted before intercourse? my bf rubbed his penis to my vagina n i got an orgasm but we were wearing clothes. any chances of me getting pregnant? Can i be pregnant if my boyfriend didn't ejaculate inside me? Swollen, Itchy Foreskin... need help! Over the past year, a "dent" has appeared on the left side of my penis, most notable during erection.  Possible STD? Can a penile fungal infection remain in underwear and cause constant reinfection? Is there a remedy for dark skin patch on penis from chronic male yeast infection? Dots on penis shaft swellings like pimples with red color on penis head because of allergy? hernia surgery,dark redness in penis shaft.looks like blood build up? No pain and incision area looks clean and well. slightly yellow/green penile discharge Does semen get infected and cause buring sensation when you urinate? does penile massage work why does the penis retract while running How do you treat a toddler's bruised penis?? Bruised due to trauma dropping of toilet seat on it Is this an STD? I have a penile frenulum, but it is on the top of my penis. Is this normal? Penis "de-sensitized" by too much masterbation ?  Could I be pregnant by a not-at-all-deep ejaculation? (period is late by 4 days) I had sex yesterday and now my penis is bruised and I cant get an erection. Will this heal with time? Wrinkled penis head that looks like raisin when flaccid. Goes away with erection. Does being uncircumcised cause a greater risk of transferring hpv during oral sex than having a circumcised penis? Skin color single bump on my penis leaks clear. HIV it came back neg. What could this be? Does not itch or burn. Why does my penis itch? My wifes vagina is very small and penis is not fitting she also tells that she is not getting mood.is there any medicine Been on Adderall for a few yrs and wanted to try penis enlargement pills for added pleasure. Is it safe to take both? partner thinks he has geni.herpes, I have never showen any symptoms, whaat do I do? Is there a cream that can fix wrinkles on your penis head glans when flaccid? Penis head irritated will testocerone treatments enlarge my penis? if you have sores on the base of his penis and it burned to pee would you say it is an allergic reaction? How can I remove a skin tag from my penis? Red patches on head of penis, bad odor. It has been 12 years since last sex. No pain. What would cause a hard vein-like thing under the skin on the side of the shaft of my penis? i am feeling a bitting sensation with in my penis. there are no visable infection. just a disconforting feeling. Can the application of the product "Biofreeze" to the penis cause long term damage? Is this Balantis on my penis? Penis blister? 20 Year old male. Can I take hormones (Estrogen) without losing penile function? it burns a bit and there is a white milky fluid when i urinate from my penis i touched a guy's penis which had precome on it. then a couple minutes later i put my underwear on, can i get pregnant? my boyfriends penis hurts when he has an erection and while it goes down.its raw at the tip and very sore Tip of the penis is itchy, pain during urination and it feels as if it is leaking but no pus. i had triple bypass/my penis was 3flaccid, 7erect, 3girth/my penis is now 1.5flaccid, 3.5erect, 1.5girth.what happened? Can intercourse with a partner with vaginal dryness affect the penis, including "raw" spots, slight pain, etc.? I have a red moist itchy spot under my penis. In between my testicals and penis. Can you get an Std of any type by someone just touching your penis with their hand for around 10 seconds what does it mean when i have a slight burning sensation when i urinate and i have a white discharge that looks like cum I'm 35. I recently have lighter, irregular patches on penis. i have premature hair whitening. Is it vitiligo or tinea? I have a small rash on both inner thighs only where my testicles touch. What could this be? I have a swelling in the pubic area that forms a head on it after a few hours. swelling has spread to my penis. whatisit My best friend got two red balls on the base of his penis and it hurts only when touching it what is this? I have recently had unprotected sex and both me and my partner were virgins and now the head of my penis is irrritated I have recently had unprotected sex and both me and my partner were virgins and now the head of my penis is irrritated I have recently had unprotected sex and both me and my partner were virgins and now the head of my penis is irrritated When I ejaculate, I feel myself cumming, but only a few yellow colored drops of cum actually come out. What could it be? Having sex related promblem can a woman get pregnant if the penius was on the outside of the vagina by rubbing on it is there any medicine to numb penins from being erected for one year or so? Im a 15 year old teenager, My penis has been leaking since this morning. I have noticed white spots on my penis and scrotum. It is not painful or itchy but its embarassing. What is it? Im a 15 year old teenager, My penis has been leaking since yesterday morning. What is on my penis, is it serious? When having sex i feel the need to pee, i get up and go but still feel the pressure that i have to go. There are small bumps under the foreskin of my penis, I am 16 what could they be? they are hardly visible. When riding my bicycle my penis shrinks into my pelvis. it is very uncomfortable. Is this dangerous to my prostate? 29, male, non smoker, drink occasionally and fit. Last 10 months having ED. Last 3 weeks no sensation. Whom to contact My dad had his bladder removed due to cancer. Has a urostomy. Now after 4 years he has blood from his penis and pain i have small bumps all the way up my penis and on my scrotum. what is this and how do i fix it? While having sex, I had pain, withdrew, to discover bleeding on the skin below the head of my penis i have peyronie and im 19 years old i want to know what is my best choice and treatment to heal this disease??? I'm 57 and in the last year my penis (at erect) curved inward. I have never used ED meds. Partner likes it. i masturbated and i got off but now semen continues to slowly come out of penis. what are the side effects of applying testosterone cream directly to the penis? why does it say not to? I have a red bump on the shaft of my penis. I'm scared it might be herpes as I have recently had sex with a new partner Can condoms cause the vaginal area to become red and swollen? Extreme pain at head of the penis whenever it rubs against anything. How can you tell if a condom fits properly? Hi i'm 15 years old and my penis is curved to the left and the right side is thicker a bit will this be with me forever? My son has a bulge on his leg across from his penis that hurts to gently touch. Any ideas what this might be? what would cause the entire penis to invert? my penis is shriveled up head yellow shaft dark I'm 15 my penis is shriveled up head yellow shaft dark I'm 15 can you get genital herpes above your genitals where your pubic hair grows. without have any on your penis? think dermatitus on penus. after use very sore on circumcision scar. red, painful, skin sluffs off Bf said he had dishcharge from his penis and a slight burning sensation. These symptoms stoped after 1 week. What is it? Im 15. After i masturbate my penis hurts and feels sore when i get an erection after. Im a virgin and tightly cicumcised Have a small cut under penis head caused by zipper. It doesn't fully heal and reopens during sex. "Bunched up" feeling in my penis? I'm a 20 years old male. When I do(Defecation), as I get it out I see four drops comes out of my penis looks like semen. Penis will not stand up fully erect. feels tight but will not stand up. only lays on body facing upward Help please! Im 17 and my penis is about 5 inches when erect. Im scared to have sex. Please help Penis head pain whenever it rubs against anything what would cause this? Std tests are negative How much risk is there for sucking a man's penis (not knowing his sexual history) with respect to AIDS/HIV? When I took Prozac and most other anti-depressive drugs, I had an extremely strong compulsion to masturbate.  is it normal for my 5yr old scrotum to look as if it's shrinking, not relaxed like a bag Just turned 13. Have lots of pubic hair and body hair. It seems my penis hasn't grown at all... What's should I do? does a penis stay hard after death I had sex about 12 hours ago and I'm noticing a small patch of skin with redness, in blotches, but no pain nor pus Im 14 and my penis is kinda small and it hasn't really grown much in a year and im worried. Pain on the shaft of my penis, why is that? I have yellow green pus like discharge coming out of my penis as well as leftside behind ribs aches. Urination iritation my boy friend had blusters on his penis and now it's painning could this be herpes Is Cold Water Bath Effects On My Sex Life? Could my use of Advair, sythroid or lisopril be causing my penis and testicles to shrink. I am 59. 6'1 260lbs Is this a cyst??? Why does it seem to be spreading?  I am 30 years old. I want to increase my penis size. Will DHT or Testesterone help? other method could be suggested? does genital herpes stay confined to only one area of mans organs,can it be on only scrotum, not spread to penis?  Due to scar tissue buildup, skin on penis shaft is tearing during sex. Should I see urologist or dermotologist? Why testicles shrink to smaller size and also penis becomes smaller in size ?  Tiny red bumps and patches on penis glans, tried a few different things to no avail. is it normal to have air coming out of the penis after you urinate when you have a UTI? How long does it take for testicles to be completely full of semen? At that point, it should be at maximum sensitivity? tingling at end of penis giving urge to urinate my husband has blisters on his penis. We have been together for 4 years, Can you go that long without an outbreak? at 70 how do kept my penis hard scab like skin by head of penis Why do i NOW have a lack of sensitivity in my penis. It isn't numb but takes a longer time to achieve orgasm? Small itchy bumps on penis and scrotom Curved penis What is the significance of a blood clot on my penis? What is this itch/rash that appears on the head of my penis after oral sex? Is More Masturbating Effects On Sex Life Like decrease In Penis Size,Sprem count down,Thin Sized Penis, Early Ejaculatn? Penis was straight, now abruptly bent - spontaneously occurred. Can a hematoma to the base of the penis result in temporary erectile dysfunction? Hello, there is a small white bulge under my foreskin where it connects to the penile shaft. Should I be worried? is there any benifit to be had by using viagra in conjunction with the penile implant? i want to know average size of penis i feel i have problem inside my penis its look pale incolor at bottom of the skin.. Is Penis Size Considered In Sexual Intercourse Like Diameter,Length To Satisfy A Women?What Size Would Be Prefered Most. non itchy rash I have to pee very frequently and have trouble getting or keeping an erection. I also have frequent constipation.  my penis get shrink once start intercourse CAN a virgin women get pregnant without penetration Can U Get A.I.D.S by sucking someones penis If the person has A.I.D.S and he breaks in ur mouth what would happen  my female grandchild's clitoris is very elongated (almost like a tiny penis) how should it be corrected? Pea size lump inside head of penis i had my penis in a sex sheath most of the day today. now i have puffy parts that aren't normally puffy. what is it? herpes a year now the tip of my penis has been raw and raw, doc says i'm good but it hurts after sex inside my penis, herpes? My penis skin is dry and keeps peeling. I don't want to go to a doctor, but I am nervous I have an std. what to do? I have had sharp pains (uroligist pined it to epididymitis) on both sides of the testicles. The pink part on the base of the head of the penis always has a fishy odor. How am I supposed to get rid of this odor? is it possible to lose feeling in your penis? my wife love anal sex rather than vagina , is it save Is it normal for my boyfriends balls to be small? red bumps on penis glan..non itchy , no pus.. How do you cure Pearly penile papules The lower half of my penis gets erect, the head enlarges, but the center remains flaccid. Is this ED or something else? is no penile lubrication a serious problem? Could this cause pregnancy? My penis has a lot of little white bumps at the bottom of the glans. Any idea what these are? Should I be worried? how to increase and sustain the size of your penis Splotchy, rashy penis after masturbation Can a peircing on a guys penis hurt a woman why does my son's penis hurt when he pushes on his belly button? My penis head has been very very dry. I've tried everything. Help? treatment for psoriasis on penis Will an inguinal hernia affect fertility? It is close to my penis and testicles sometimes painful. I'm pretty worried. delayed period, bloated, gas, what's wrong? Why would head of penis be itchy? Painfull The morning after sex with my new girlfriend, tiny painless, red dots appeared on my glans. Little sensitive, not bad. Is it possible to obtain an std from a soft penis being rubbed against your vagina? My penis is swollen from mastubating last night. Is it safe to continue to take viagra? Does xylocaine jelly totally numb urethra and penis head? red spots on the penis std test came back negative now what I have red spots on my penis one scab i have been tested for stds it came back negative i need a answer please chunks in urine, e.d. issue, pain in genitals, and yellow ejaculate When my penis is ereceted,i can feel a small hard point, no pain no itch.Only when erected.Any idea of what might it be? Is there anyways (other than surgery) to increase the size of a man's penis? Are there any ways to enlarge a man's penis??? HIV Possibility? Weird small blister looking thing on my penis. What is it? Hi, When I poop, white liquid came from my penis and i stopped pooping. Could I be pregnant Help! If a girl was fingered before brief insertion Can bad blood circulation cause small penis girth (for an adult)?  Possibility of pregnancy or just paranoid? Terrified, please help  small painful to touch lump next the penis side of my anus hole. only noticed yesterday Reduced size in flaccid state burning testicles but no burning urine or sensitivity on head of penis Can I see pus coming out of my penis if I have a uti? My 2yr old son has swollen foreskin on his penis. Dark yellow pee. Back and stomach ache painful small Bump in the Pubic area When I have An erection my penis curves down instead of pointing up! Why does it do that?! I have a lump about the size of a gumbball inside my penis and couldnt find anything on this. Pimple on penis? Poped but now big, imflamed, and swollen? Was it a pimple? i havent had sex in 2.5 years? Is it possible to have sex with a curved penis during an erection? skin connected on penis head connected to a centimeter below the head When I have an erection my penis curves downwards? Will it still be possible to have sex with a curved down erection? is penile implants coverred by humana  I have found 7 very small puss filled bumps on my scrodum. I squeezed a few and they scabbed over. What are they? since I could remember the tip of uncut functional penis has been blacker than the rest, is it normal? virgin teen UTI vs NGU? why does my penis get smaller and go soft when i engage in anal play? Burning pain at tip of penis when urinating. Semen does not squirt out,just rolls out of penis How to control my sexual thoughts? In which way i used to avoid from that sexual thoughts? does any kind of medication cause warts on the penis? What is the reason to getting a shrink penis? Do I have a penile fracture or serious penile trauma? my husband is struggling with the loss of sensation in his penis, can this come back? it's causing him severe depression I have dorsal penile thrombosis It's been 3 weeks but that will heal. Thin spider veins came with it. Will they go away? the result of blood test, herpes1 is+. how can I know it is oral or gentile while I have no symptoms since I remember. I have broken my penis when I was very young, now I am on my forties, can it be fixed? Red spots on penis and scrotum.  I need a real doctor's advice, will she be pregnant? My boyfriend has a bump that looks like a vein on his penis just below the head that is swollen? Is erection gel or cream as good as internet say it does my penis retracts inside my foreskin Outside of hormone therapy, what other measures can be taken for painful intercourse after menopause? I have Knicks and sore on my penis from shaving. I recieved a handjob..What STD's am At risk? She also fingered me Anal. Caring for dry penis skin.... the glans of my penis(head) has been very sensitive my whole life i cant even touch it when i wash it it bothers me alot Vaginal Tightness , Vaginal wetness , and Pelvic Discomfort ? can your prostate effect sexual sensation in the penis WHY WON'T MY BRAIN TALK TO MY PENIS ? IF I'M WITH A WOMAN MY BRAIN IS ALL EXCITED BUT MY PENIS IS STILL LIMP . Air blowin into my penis from oral sex. Uncomfortable feeling in urethra and pain uriniatng. Could it be an infection? PAIN ONLY WHEN I URINATE. FEELS LIKE RAZOR BLADES WHEN I GO.FEELS LIKE SOMETHING INSIDE MY SHAFT. NO DISCHARGE.  how to increase the size of your pens by 5in I recieved a unprotected hand job and had a cut on my penis also I got fingered Anal. What STD's am I at risk? I've been regretfully a porn addict. From grade school till now. I'm 22. I have a burning sensation after ejaculation.  What is this rash on my penis? pimple-like bump on side of penis shaft Hi I just turned 12 and my penis is 4.6 inches long is this normal and why does it grow so quick I have two protruding areas just above my penis about the size of a large grape...they hurt and burn I have small white pimples bell of my penis, is this a desease, I am still a virgin, I am wondering how to get rid of it URGENT I think I may have messed up my penis Why won't my penis stay hard when in pregame? Can you get gential herpes from ejaculation into the vagina Gas and girgling from penis while urinating Every time me and my partner have sex his penis dryup and peel. Is it because my discharge? I had a short fling with someone with a penis sore, is it an STD?  Pain at the base of penis in the center Why is my penis so small my penis never fully straightens when its hard. It just stays in a banana shape pointing down. Or you could say it arcs. I will have a little operation to get removed a mole on my penis.How long does it take for me to have sex after surgery? What is my risk for HIV? I am white heterosexual male that had vaginal intercourse with a white female. Mole getting removed near penis, how long does it take to be normal? penis discharge Small red whelp like bumps and red dots appear on penis after unpretected sex and the next intercourse it itches?? iam female 29..never done anal sex...now want to do it..how to do it..explain pls i have a red smooth patch of skin on the underside of my penis Can i get penis extended to pee correctly? i Was Treated For a penile yeast infection With fluconazole. When Can i Safely have sex with my wife ejaculation questions ejaculation and masturbation Can a urine test detect syphilis? Several bumps on my scrotum and on the shaft of my penis. They all itch but no pain. Head of penis is dried out. Help? when i ejaculate what feeling does pumping feel like Can a woman get cervical cancer from a genital wart on a male? I have blood coming from my penis when i ejaculate, thyis just started. i have blood coming from my penis when i ejaculate. I have two really small, red zit like bumps on my penis. One on the head, the other on the foreskin. What is it? I have a couple bumps on the skin of my penis. They are almost the same color as my skin. What could it be? What r some of medications/drugs r there out there to help enlarge the size of a man's penis? What are the side effects? Is there anything that can aid in gaining back lost skin pigmentation? Small red bumps on penis forskin after and head also pink irritation on base. Happens after masterbating or intercourse What causes the penis to swell from a lymph node infection by the groin area? I have a light red sometimes purpleish rash on the shaft of my penis. I have tried using cortizone and a Lamisil Atf. For the past year I have been experiencing pain in the left side of my penis which is also accompanied by swelling. boyfriends penis tastes like latex hello sir i am a 23 year old guy . i have a problem with erection when i start sex with my gf i can't feel any erection. Pain occurs in one area of penis in a ring around the mid shaft only when erect. No difficulty urinating, no other pain. My friend wants to know how to get a cat off of his penis. It's a tabby, if that's important. Boyfriend has unusual signs of an std. What is the problem? What casues pain after Urination? Found a small bump on the shaft of penis near glans. After touching a wet tissue to it, it fell off. what could it be? I want to "prove" I do not nor have I ever had genital warts. Short of removal of the penis/desection of the same, HOW? what cause a male penis to have a discorloration How can I enlarge my penis?  Why do I get a large purple sore on my penis after taking anitibiotics? how often should I inflate AMS700MS penile implant now 4 yrs old? Dry penis skin after a fungal infection - how to treat it??? Bruised penis at base on top is a five inch penis normal for a 15 year old Do I have an std or a fungal infection? I am a 25 year old male. The day after my period ended, I had sex with my bf, he inserted his penis for a minute before putting condom on.  Suggest any medicament or excercise for curing Phimosis. Any diet for such. I regularly do gym and drink 3 litrs water. swelling on left side of penis, better recently but still stressed about it Painless swelling under penis head noticeable only during full erection. Uncircumcised age-25y.o. Hi. I am 25 y.o. I have a painless swelling under my penis head. Please follow links below for images. NAUS/VOMI LOW L AB/BACK PAIN SOMETIMES R SIDE PENILE PAIN RANGE TO TESTIS ON MANY MEDS URGE/FREQ/PAIN URINE NARROW URETH Does anal testing, test for hpv contracted from the penis during vaginal sex? what std do i have What are these white spots on my penis? No sensation in penis What is this on my penis? I did not have intercourse but rubbed my penis on her vagina. Sore penis after masturbation - what helps? hi am 36 yrs guy, i have pain after masturbation in pelvis area.Not in penis.It goes after 1 week when i dont masturbate Is watching sexy/nude photos, sexy videos (not porn), ok for the health, physical and mental, penis as well? Effect ED? Hi! Its been a year since I got married. I have severe pain when we have intercourse. White stuff under foreskin What treatments are there available for my penis? I have this cut/lesion on the head of my penis that bled over night (Not excessively). What is it? I have a swore lump on my penis shaft, what is it and can it be removed? If it can be removed how? I am a 60 year old male that has trouble getting and maintaining an erection.  Is it possibly Peyronie's Disease? If so, in early or late stages? Or something else? Jesus Christ Heals. Do you think I have a std? Please answer I'm really worried after ejaculation in 1st condom entered vagina again of hooker with fresh condom. Groin penis itch after 5 days. Hiv ? Why does my penis get thin in the middle sometimes, only when flaccid/semi errect state? Can the cold sore on my girlfriends lip spread genital herpes if she gives me oral sex? Can a cold sore give me genital herpes?  Erectzan a viagra alternative claims their ingredients remove blockages in the arteries promoting blood flow. Is it safe I have masturbated in a weird way since I was a young teenager. I think I'm having orgasm problems now. Can you help? Genital rash Can I get pregnant if my boyfriends dick touched my vagina hole without cum? Small white dots on inside of uretha of penis am i pregnant? am i pregnant?  Could i still be pregnant? Transparent sticky penile discharge while talking with girlfriend over phn or when dating with her.Whats wrong with me? could i get pregnant? could i be pregnant? why would colcrys be prescribed for a mans penis not working How to get rid of smegma? I have a dark ring under the head of my penis.  Transparent sticky penile discharge while talking with girlfriend over phn or dating with her.Whats wrong?plz answer syphillis I've been tested twice for STDs, have come back negative. Why do I still have a discharge from penis? Head of penis and skin directly under red and swollen Erectile dysfunction If my penis to short how can i sick it Hole under head of penis? Sore penile skin after yeast infection treatment with flucanazole Hello, I am an African Anerican Male, who had an unprotected sexual encounter about five months ago. Odds of HIV? I frequently have ejaculate discharge from flaccid penis following bowl movement. Not involved with arrousal, whole wipe This is very awkward but.... My penis gets a 35 to 43 curve to left when erected. Sometimes it sticks with my left thigh. What is the problem? During sex I bent my penis, ouch. There was no pop and was able to finish. Since then my penis has been sore no bruising My penis is bleeding  I have a pea-sized lump on the head of my penis that does not itch or burn, so what could it be? I have wavy lines, that have a few tiny red spots and don't itch or hurt, under head of my penis. What should I do? What's wrong with my penis? i hurt my penis, it swoll up for 3 days, and havnt been able to get an erection for 6 months now  i hurt my penis, it swoll up for 3 days, and havnt been able to get an erection for 6 months now  is she pregnant ? need help Red and Swollen Tip of Penis I am a youth that has recently been having poor erection quality including decreased size and ability to maintain. Help? should i have circumcised? Can genital molluscum contagiosum occur unilaterally on the glans penis? would stiff person syndrome cause penis sherikage chlamydia from oral sex Can you have genital chlamydia by sticking a penis in your mouth of someone who may or may not be infected is bruiseing of the penis and testicle normal after surgery Red, shiny penile skin after cortisone use Red, shiny penile skin after cortisone use Risk of STD's by recieving full body massage at a brothel? Discovered Green Blob at End of Penis ive had this white orb(?) thing attached to the tip of my penis for a few years now;worrying if its dangerous; am virgin how long does residual sperm live on the penis? Irregular skin patch in the penis shaft. Rash on penis, elbow, belly button, and anus Fix for dry penis skin Possible STD exposure? i have this red spot on the head of my penis for 2months now, no pain not itching, it accumulates crust on it sometimes Cycling effecting erections (60% previous hardness) after endurance race (24hrs non-stop). Saddle pointed slightly up. had a small hard bump on penis that now grew into what looks like a very oily pimple. what is it. What is the physical explaination of the female expeling the male's penis in the sex act? What is the physical explaination for the female partner expeling the male partner's penis in the sex act? I've got a lesion on my penile shaft, Hypopigmented macular, not painful, no irritation, no response to antifungal Circumcision for smelly foreskin a good idea? Raised brown mole on shaft of penis Random mild itching in penis a few days after unprotected hand job and blow job Is this normal (penis head pic included)? blister on pensi head I have had a recurring bump on the shaft of my penis for a little over a year. Its red but doesnt hurt. What could it be Is there any way to get rid of stretch marks on the penis? What about a creme like Man1 Man Oil? How do I keep a smaller penis in during sex when I am very wet? Or how do I get it in at different angles? Not circumsized and skin has tightened around head of penis and can no longer pull it back comfortably what should I do Why is "white stuff" coming out of my penis when I open it? Read Details Please! had unprotexted sex about a year ago no bumps or anything pain in tip of penis and down left inner leg I have a fairly large painless singular lump located on my penis shaft that secretes clear fluid and ocassionally blood can fungal infection spread to the penis?? why is my penis hurting after I have a bowl movement? Under the head of my penis on the shaft is two red splotches. they arent raised at all and dont itch or hurt.  I cant pull my foreskin back veins bulging out Close to the head of my penis I have a tiny skin tear inside my penis meatus. Will it heal on its own especially it's almost constantly wet/damp? Am I pregnant?? Small veins bulging out Close to the head of my penis... i just get married, i'm unable to insert my penis completely in her vegina. Please guide. I have an abscess on my penis and have now developed a blister on the tip of my penis. Are the two related? Problems keeping an erection My penis is losing sensitivity. How long do Internal Penile Pumps last how do i know if i am pregenant Why can't I stop cumming? Read Details Please! the skin on the underside of my penis is moist and flaking and when i shower i must have open wounds because it stings. I have condyloma inside the tract of my penis about an inch from the opening. Hello, my penis measures 5.5 inches in circumference. could that be too big for some women? Is my penis girth and length considered big by women? Why does liquid come out of my penis when I push? I started getting bumps around the shaft of my penis after shaving about 2 months ago unlike razor burn. What are they? Is my penis well endowed? i have boils on my penis. no sex so it has to be from public toilet , tell me how to treat it and prevent it in future I have a small, roughly pea sized lump on the upper side of my penis shaft. I am wondering if this is something serious? pimples on penis - what to do Can a groin strain lower your sex drive or cause erectile dysfunction? Tingling almost stinging sensation in penis Help for irritated penile skin is it normal for my 3yr old son to hate when i try and wash his uncircumcised penis? is it normal for my 3yr old son to hate getting his uncicumcised penis cleaned? Non-Chlamydia/Gonorrhea caused penile discharge. I've taken antibiotics 3 times. Symptoms go away then return in 3 weeks What is this white flaky stuff at the head of my penis? Small bump on penis psoriasis on penis Penis size Used body wash to masturbate and now my penis is dry, leathery looking and red, minor irritation when I pee. help??? before i was urinating and sperm coming from tip of penis.Now it seems it is coming out of the side. Please help  Hair Urologist why would your penis swell and tingle after sex? I'm also not circumsized  Pink bumps around my penis head how can i get my penis to grow? I have on my penis and testicles, a total of what looks like three blackhead pimples. Is this possible? had safe sex..the next day(about 5-7 hours later) i noticed 2 tiny dots on head of penis. can it be from rough oral?  My penis skin has always been sensitive. Even w/ infrequent masturbation (3/week) and lube it is always raw. Not an STD penis numbness from cycling - how to help I have a small circle on my penis that looks like A scar. I have only been with 1 girl and I was her only sexual partner how can I shrink my penis or limited the blood flow for my erections?  I have a red rash on my penis in a few spots, and have red marks on a few other parts of my body. Is there a way i can imitate a vagina instead of using my hands, because as soon as i start ejaculating  masturbation i have a part of my head of the penis itchy and when i scratch it swells Condoms make my penis itchy-what can I do? My penis feels weird/funny ,i got tested and its comes nagitive but what can i do ? Please Help . Why won't my hymen break? I've been w/ 3 people and even through vaginal penetration w/ fingers and penis it wont break Can i remove my circumcision scar? are penile implant covered by medicare My penis feels weird/funny. but I also have red little dots on my penis, I got tested and everything negative.  Poison ivy on penis I have discomfort at the base of my penis shaft (maybe my prostate?). What could be the reason? The tip of my left ring finger and part of my left foot have both gone numb. What could this be and should I be worried? Sexual health center said I don't have a std and they did 1 6 weeks and go and 1 last week for window period.  Discolored penis skin I have 8 inch penis. Girls moan in pain, have gotten injured in sex.. i don't have a monster pornstar cock! HELP Can medication cause problems with the penis? is it possible to give yourself genital herpes from rubbing your own spit onto your penis I used to feel pleasure from sex, and last night I couldn't feel my mates penis inside me. What's wrong Is pregnancy possible when semen lands near the vagina? Help Is pregnancy possible when semen lands near the vagina? HELP Help - wrinkled penis skin! I accidentally had very hot water on my penis, will there be a nerve damage or friction burn? genital herpes transmission through mutual masturbation I am 25 years old and I had a cut behind my penis tip last night while having sex since i am not able to get an erection Will my glans burn recover? I have a purplish skin colored spot on my penis i noticed the day of having unprotected sex, what could it be? penis sensation with diabetes Pregnant after pulling out? Can overuse of tineacid cause penis issues? Male using this product since Aug. now has rash and soreness of penis  I hurt my penis while masterbating. There is a sharp pain at the base with a little raised part where it hurts. How to cure bad penis smell? How can I stop bad penis smell? I have a red mark on my penis gland, is it cancer ? I had a fixed drup eruption that affected my genitals, now I'm suffering from chronic penile pain especially when erect Does losing weight help your penis grow? I have a small lump on my penis, what is it? I have been with the same girl for 2 years almost and no problems.. While giving me a digital prostate exam, my doctor held onto my penis with the other hand. Was that ok? I got only one tiny red ulcer on the head of my penis, what could it be? I have a skin bridge on my uncircumcised penis, what can doctors do to fix this? My Foreskin attached around glans before corona? 