Is having an erection for an extended period of time dangerous? What could be causing breast soreness after my period if I know I'm not pregnant? Can increased physical activity and weight loss cause you to skip your period? Is it important to eat within a certain time period after waking up if you have diabetes? I am in my drug doughnut period of Medicare. My Plavix is much too expensive. Is there a less expensive medication? How does my menstrual cycle affect my sleep? What is a normal menstrual cycle for a girl under 18? How does positive self talk break the stress cycle? What happens when you try and fast for a long period of time? Is wearing cheap sunglasses better than no sunglasses if my child and I will be out in the sun for an extended period? Should menstruation stop while I'm taking Abilify? I started taking Topamax for bipolar disorder, but it's not helping my mood swings before my period. What should I do? My period stopped two weeks ago, and I now have a light brown discharge. It's 24 days between periods. Whats happening? Could my period cause the feelings of depression and anxiety that I get at that time each month? What is the recovery period for bilateral knee replacement? Is there a way to safely skip my period while on vacation? Is it safe to use a prescription cream to treat a yeast infection if you just got your period?  I have been on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for nearly a year. My period started a week early this month. What could this mean? Are regular menstrual periods triggered by regular ovulation? What would cause me to have my period for three months straight? What could be causing my irregular periods and spotting? I've been on Mirena for a year. My period has suddenly stopped after several months of lighter flow.Is this normal? My wife is in her fifties and hasn't had a period in over three years. Could she still get pregnant? What could explain a period with heavy bleeding and clotting that occurs for two days and then suddenly stops? What can be done to minimize allergies during periods of high pollen? What are hormonal causes for heavy periods? Do women's menstrual cycles fall in sync with each other? Since I've stopped menstruating, I've noticed my skin is itchy and bumpy. What can I do for relief?  Is it unusual, in your early 50s, to have very heavy long periods, hot flashes and night sweats, as well as chest pain? I'm 52 and I have very heavy periods for weeks, making it difficult even to work. I am anemic too. Is that uncommon? My daughter takes Vyvanse 30 and birth control pills. She has 10 day bi-monthly periods. Is this a side effect? Is it safe to have my teeth cleaned during menstruation?  Is it dangerous to skip the sugar pills in a birth control pack to adjust a menstrual cycle? I am taking Tri Lo Sprintec and was recently prescribed Bactrim DS. My cycle hasnt started yet. Could I be pregnant? Was it OK to take my first pack of birth control pills before my period came, instead of the Sunday after it started?  The day after my Mirena IUD was removed my period started. A week or so later, I'm bleeding again. What should I do? I'm 61 and went through menopause. I've not had a period in 13 years, and yesterday I started bleeding. What is this? Can a women get pregnant after ovulation and while she is having her period?  I have always had regular periods. For the past two weeks, I have been spotting when I run every day. Is this normal? I am on birth control. I experienced light bleeding for a couple of days after my cycle ended. What could be happening? Im on birth control but have some brown spotting before my period. Now my period is a week early. Is this normal? My 11 year old recently started her period. She has a period every 14 days, and it lasts for six days. Is this normal? Why do I have heavy bleeding for 2-3 weeks when I get my period? My doctor is supposed to send me for an ultrasound. Is it safe to have sex if I am spotting between my periods? Ive gotten a yeast infection just before my period for 2 months. I used an OTC treatment and diflucan. What can I do?  I am trying to get pregnant. The ovulation calendar needs an exact date my period ends. How do I calculate that? How long after having my copper IUD removed should I wait before trying to get pregnant? My cycle is due to start soon. I have very heavy periods every month. Should I be concerned? Can I start my new birth control 5 days early to avoid my period starting? What causes stomach pain and swelling after eating every meal? been this way for 3 weeks Stopped depo and had a normal period 3 months, then stopped for 7 months, started regular again 3 months now stopped Will my Beyaz birth control pills be effective if i take it 13 days after the start of my period? Can i start a new pack of birth control late to move my next period a couple days, and still prevent pregnancy? i'm 24 always had a period, after i had my breast reduction i haven't had a period for 5 months is there something wrong I am going on 3 wks late on my period. taken 3 OTC pregnancy tests. could i still be preg or what else could be cause?  Why does my daughter act out when I'm on my period? 62 yrs. old. Having tenderness around my nipple when clothes rub against it; some pain in whole breast. Not pregnant what is the best way to stop my period? degenerate disc disease in L5 lumbar area why does it feel like bones rubbing in hip area close to lumbar area? I am 15, I have not had my period for the past 2 months. Any idea why? I am fixed, why are my periods always at least 2 weeks later than the previous month?  i have brown discharge, is this the start of my period?It has been this way for a few days?Can I start my birth control? My period stopped after 2 days. lately I am very off balance falling alot. 2 weeks later I am spotting. Pregnant??? I have had my period three times in the last month and am on birth control, could this be natural or should I be worried How long until your period returns after a miscarriage? I was about 8 weeks along when I miscarried. can blood and a uti affect a pregnancy test? can genital herpes cause me to stop having my period? can i get pregnant if i have sex 2 days after my period has left false positive.... I am on birth control and I had my period 2 weeks ago as i should have and now I am having another one. Is this ok? I had my period 2-3 weeks ago, and now today I believe I am on my period again. What does this mean? Am i pregnant? Pregnant? Unprotected sex a week before period. Period came on time and heavy with bad cramps as usual. Reg 28 day 4 yrs I had my Mirena IUD removed in May, didn't start menstrating until Aug., and it has slowly gotten heavier. Is it normal? I have PCOS. Why do I gain weight if I'm active and eat well? Can I get back to the way i was last year (100 lbs less)? What are signs and symptoms of a tubal pregnancy? Used plan B twice this month. now have vaginal bleeding and lower abdomial pain. not sure whats wrong. any suggestions? Is it possible to get pregnant if the boy ejaculates, touches some semen, wipes it off, and then fingers me after? i have a large bump on my lower back between my hip and spine causing me pain when i sit for long periods of time i have a large bump on my lower back between my hip and spine causing me pain when i sit for long periods of time i am about to be 23. can i be going through pre menopause? i got sick in august.. need answers IUD removed after 4yrs trying for a baby online says i should be ovulating but homekit says I wasnt What could be wrong? I am not having period for 8 days.I have pain in lower abdomen.I have taken pregnancy test its negative.Am i pregnant? I had a normal period about a week after intercourse, then another a month later, than 2 months later spotting. Problem? am I pregnant? Experienced Heavy clotting and Extreme bleeding after Mirena placement.They want to put it in again. Should I? 1st vac in 20 yrs- due for period day i leave. ANYTHING I can do to delay 7days? Im 47/reg21 day cycle/take Errin 3 yrs Rotator Cuff Injury I had unprotected sex and the next day i got my period, can i still get pregnant? Can you still have your period if you're pregnant? stopped depo no period for 7 months now alot of bleeding than none same day and very bad cramping I have missed a period for a month and few weeks. what is that happens? I want to know if there is any hope of me getting pregnant after endo ablation. Can intercourse cause irregular periods or prolonged period-like pain?  If i dont start my period til 10/17 but my pregnancy test today showed a very barely visible positive. am i pregnant? Going through perimenopausal symptoms and my periods go from spotting,bleeding,spotting, bleeding, ect; is it normal? what is brown color discharge before period Have my period but would like to get check for STD and HIV. Can I check for STD an HIV through blood work instead what happens if a woman has her period more than a month? Can I get pregnant? When do I know I am ovulating? What is the typical recovery period for Tarlov cyst in the lower spinal sac? and is this type of cyst rare? I have not had a period since august 15. Ive been having cramps, lower back pain,white watery discharge, neg preg. test my period was 3 days early and lasted 3 days but my test were all negative could i be pregnant if i had sex during my period, and didnt use birth control, can i be pregnant? Can using metronidazole gel close to my period affect when my period arrives? I am one week late. My period had been late 3 months in a row. I have been constipated and I nearly fainted. Could I be pregnant? Husband and i had unprotected sex twice and twice he ejaculated, next day i get my period. Can i still get pregnant? My last period I was under a lot of stress,dryness and burning in private place, hurts during intercourse, what can I do Clear vaginal discharge could i possibly be pregnant? I only had a four day period ... 10/04/12. first 2days were heavy the last 2 were light... week late period 2 negative pregnancy tests cycle is usually regular. what gives? Why did my daughter stop having her period? if u miss your period for one month an the next month u get sever cramps with three days bleeding what does that mean need to know the reason for mis period one month an d next month three days bleeding an after that sever cramps Can someone get pregnant if they use a toilet paper that have semen on it to wipe after peeing. Even during a period My period is heavy and won't stop! im 41 and had two periods this month? That doesnt normally happen for me? Whats wrong? im only a week late on my period, when should i take a home pregnancy test? I have gone9mo this time10mos prviously after stoppingHRTsincehaving period.Have been bleeding 2 wks.Should I see my MD? i am not supposed to get my period for 2 weeks but when i wipe i habe light pink blood and there is barly anything? i forgot to take my birth control for 2 days and now i have had my period for 2 weeks.What should i do? I have sharp shooting pelvic pains on the right side, and breast tenderness. this is after mestration. Should i worry? I'm 26 and my period last a week. This last period was only two days, whats up? What could cause a bruise like pain feeling on right ovary before two days before period? I finished my period on Sunday. Four days later (today) and I've started to bleed again. Is this normal? My gf started to get her period last night and we had sex. I came inside of her vagina. Could she be pregnant?  My gf started to get her period last night and we had sex. I came inside of her vagina. Could she be pregnant? I'm on my period but is very painful and heavy. I also had a clear/pinkish fluid come out while i had a super tampon in.  Not going to start period another 2 week but I spotted a little light pink blood for 2 days  can being kneed in the stomach cause a miscarriage Is being 4 days late on your period something to be worried about? I am 45, had tubal ligation 15 years ago and am 2 months late, could I be pregnant? I took 2 pregnancies tests at home that were positive. I went to the dr and blood test said not pregnant. I'm confused Can implantation bleeding occur 3 days after period is due? how long do you ovulate after your period What does a small brown dot on a tampon mean? Is having a period over with when that happens? Is there a way you can make your period start a few days earlier than the actual date? I was due to get my depo shot in mid August but due to insurance issues I couldn't.  Is it ever safe to have unprotected sex? I've heard women cannot get pregnant right before their period. Is this true? I used to have bad cramps before and during my periods.This time there was no cramp and only 3 days heavy bleeding. Why? had sex around ovulation.took plan b 28 hrs later. got period a week later.suppose to get it next week.result of planb? Why do i still have periods with heavy cramps and im on third depo shot? can you get pregnant while on your period is there a problem with taking Aleve for an extended period Could I be pregnant 8 years after a tubal ligation? can u get pregnant on the pill? my period isnt regular can i still get pregnant? what causes fertilised egg not to inplant in uterus? My period is 3 weeks late and 2 neg at home pregnancy tests. Could I be pregnant? i took unwanted 72 contraceptive after my intercourse and had my periods 2 days after the intercourse am i pregnant constant hips pain when I sit, lay down, ride in cars and after I run. This has been over a yr,had no test, dr sd deal I normally start my period on the 1st now they are coming earlier and lasting 3 days w/painful cramps for 2, what is up? After getting a flu shot, is there a period of time that I should NOT be around expectant mothers or newborn children? I took my last birth control pill a day late last month, and had intercourse that same day I missed. Could I be pregnant I haven't had a period in over a year now. Is it normal to have light bleeding, mild cramping, and tender breast?  I have been off Depo shot for over a year and have no period. I recently began having pregnancy symptoms. Am I pregnant? he did not wear protection, he also did not penetrate nor did he ejaculate. Igot my period the next day 2 since then what can cause night sweat to where i have to change clothes? i am 39 and still have normal periods every month? I've been on my period for ~6 weeks. I am a 16 yo. There is extreme pain and sensitivity in my vagina,and itching. Help? could i be pregnant? How long after your period do u ovulate being off birth control for 2 months.trying to get pregnant.been on pill for 6mo I'm 16, girl, and i've had my period for 2 years. Now i havent had it for 4 months. NOT pregnant, i've never had sex.. I'm 5 days late on my period and have been off birth control for 2 months. What are the chances that I'm pregnant? I am 51 years old. My periods are heavey and bright red is this part of menopause? I had the Mirena removed almost 5 months ago and have regular periods but cant seem to get pregnant what do i do? Can anemia cause dizziness to last a long period of time? And can dry mouth be a sign of anemia? Do I have anemia?  Got the Depo shot in Aug. for the past 5wks I have had my period, nauseous, dizzy,headaches, weak, tired, eyesite blurry Read the details, I can't write it all in here. Can i be pregnant? My last period was on 10/8/12. My boyfriend ejaculated in me on 10/17/12. Now my period didn't come. I have not had my period in 3 months, I have taking 2 blood test/home pregnacy test all came back negative Confused?  When i get stressed or upset, i sometimes cant breathe for long periods of time and pass out, whats wrong? cramping and lower back pain after period and ovulation My wife uses 1 pad the entire week she is menstruating. Is this normal, or unhealthy? had sex october 29th and my boyfriend came inside me, my period is not due until NOvember 12 th.. ive gained weight, why have i got a sore/burning vagina could i be pregnant When should I take a pregnancy test? I had sex 2 days after getting off of my period. Used condom but want to be sure. What should I do if i am experiencing pain in my pelvic area and have not gotten my period in 1 1/2 months? Am I pregnant? My last period started 10/7 ends 10/9/12, we got contact 10/12/12.11/9/12 my period didn't come yet. Am I Pregnant?my last period started 10/7/12 ended 10/9/12 I had contact w/ my bf 10/12/12 till now i dont hav my period Doc today did a pap test, then asked me to do urine preg test, few mins later she did a blood test. Why all the tests? i had sex 2 days before my period but my next month period is late or missing. so can i be pregnant? Im a 18 year old female and I never haf sex yet and my period is a week late. What can be the problem? can u get menopause at age 32? could i be pregnant? my last period was on 10/24/12 and my fiance and i had unprotected sex 11/3/12. i'm bleeding a little bit and i just had my period 2 weeks ago....what does that mean? i havent had my period in 6 months then i got it for two weeks nowi havent gotten it in 5 months and have not had sex. When can I have unprotected sex with my new husband after taking antibiotics?  is a home pregnancy test accurate 5 days after you missed your period? I just had my gallbladder removed today and I'm asking can I take gas x and pepto bismol at the same time?  What can happen if you hold your pee for a long period of time without urinating? Can you get pregnant one day before your fertility window is to start? I stopped taking the depo shot 9/2012 still no period, when will my period return? I am 32 years old Is it possible to get pregnant if you don't start the new pack of BC pills for a week after your period stops? Could you have brain seizures over a period of time, say years, and not know it? I was removed from birth control pills when I became menopausal.  i am a week late with my period i took a test it says no but i have 7 of the eight signs so am i pragnant  I am on the pill and have taken as directed for almost a year! I have missed my period for two months now! not sure why? lost my nuva ring 4mos ago during a mos long off and on period and havent had a period since? no bc since. What happens if you bleed during sexual intercourse, at the same time having period symptoms but no period? am i pregnant Spotting for 10 days then light to medium bleeding for 3 days am I pregnant? I quit taking my BirthControl pills and havent gotten my period for three months. Is this normal? I have been on my period for 12 days due to stopping birth control. I did not have a period for three months. Normal? My Cycle was 5 days late but now I have a period am I pregnant? I am 48 and in perimenopause. Have been having period for 3 weeks, should I be alarmed. Feel great no cramping. I am 42 yrs old and have missed 3 periods. My tubes are tied and I am not pregnant. Should I be concerned? is it normal for a 3 year old boy to play with his 5 year old brother's penis? Is it normal to get your period after not having it for 1 year during menopaus? My last 2 periods have been painful and heavy and a strong odor, and the 1 st period was 2 wks late. I am 48. I am bleeding a week after my period ended, what is wrong? Why is my period 6-8 days early even though I'm on birth control? if a woman had her tubes tied 13 years ago can she still get pregnant now. I havent had a period in four months.  My daughter is 20 stop having her period 4 months ago. Sometimes she have headaches. Not pregnant and getting fat. Why? Been on the depo for years with no periods. Now I have a light brown discharge that looks like old blood. Miscarriage? Can you get bleeding heavier than spotting when pregnant around the time of your supposed period? My last period went for three months straight, it ended 15 days ago and now it started again, is that bad? Periods always reg, but a week before I'm due I started having brown discharge come and go. Now light pink hints. i have been on my period for 13 weeks during which i have had blood tests and they came back clear what is the problem? my period came on the 19th Nov, it lasted for 5 days. I had unprotected sex today 25th Nov, will i get pregnant. i had some postive and some negative pregnancy test and now am spotting. can i be pregnant When did i get pregnant if im due February 16th 2013? 38 days late for period. Stress hasn't been bad (compared to previously). All HPT are negative. What else could it be? my last period was 10/6 and i had intercosre on 10/20, i started spotting on 11/2 am I pergnant? i am anyday getting my period, i have signs of being pregnant Today i feel i am going to start my period am i pregnant? I have not had my period and i am 18 years old. Is there something with me or am I late? I had unprotected sex with my girlfriend... (Read description) Been on Birth Control for 3 months now, this is the first month my period has been late, is this normal?  My daughter will turn 10 in a couple of weeks, the last 2 days it has been brown, is this her period? My daughter will be 10 in two weeks, the last 2 days she has had brown discharge, is this her period? I started brown spotting instead of my period what could this possibly be? i missed last month period and i havnt started yet i took home test and they say no and my belly is bigger am i pregnant My husband only coughs and spits mucus during the smoking period .Is it the beginning of COPD?OR is he having from long. Is it possible to get pregnant a week after ovulation but 1 wk before your preriod? My right nostril is stopped up. Had 2 treatments of antibiotics. What to do? please help!! i had all signs of being pregnant and then i got my period is that normal?? what could it be? I'm 5 days late for my peroid, when should I take a test? I'm having some slight cramps.and I've been kinda naustated can you have your period while pregnant I have never had a nosebleed in my life, but recently had 3 in a 2 1/2 week period. Should I be concerned? I am 57. what could be the cause of light bright red bleeding post period with a foul smell and lower abdominal pain. can someone get pregnant if the condom didn't bust. what is the cause of spotting periods? Is 2 weeks too soon to take a pregnancy test for it to be accurate? Supposed to get period November 28,30. Today is 12/5/12, is it to early to test? I dont keep track of my ovulations. Why am I having stinky, white, thick vaginal discharge around the time of my period? Without any burning or itching? Could I be pregnant? really irregular period lasting 12days first was light and past days has been brownish  the first day of my last period was 11/1/12 when can i take a home pregnancy test?  for the pst 2mo i have had 3 periods, first 2 normal the last one is still going and it is day 13  no period in 2 months. 2 negative preg tests. cramps and pains in my pelic area lower abdomin. whats wrong with me? Had a yeast infection, treated it, all symptoms gone except for red discharge? No period after using the depo shot.. should I be worried? No period AFTER using Depo should I be concerned? i had my period 2 weeks ago and my boobs ache which they never ever do and im tired all the time preg test is neg can i be pregnant by my symptoms or could be just an ovarian cyst? I have many symptoms of pregnancy and I think it may be ovulation though. My period was early and light. not usual  Period in the middle of my birth control pack- should I take the placebos or start a new pack? How can I shorten the duration of my menses? any options please.  on BC pills. my period was later and shorter, have been tired and nauseus for about 2 weeks could I be pregnant? Why is my period extremely heavier than normal? Is it possible to get pregnant when i have irregular periods and my boyfriend has low sperm count? The first day of my last period was 11/08/12 and today is 12/13/12, no period. When can I take a pregnancy test?  I got an IUD 4 weeks ago and my period hasn't stopped since then. Is this still 'normal'? How can I stop it (on my own)? At what point do the early symptoms of pregnancy begin? Last month I had a really, really light discharge that was brown.  My Dr. put me on Provera 10 mg once daily every day.  Could My Girlfriend Be Pregnant? me and my boyfriend had oral sex 2 times this week. i wanted to know, does having oral sex push back your period? Ive took several test that came back postive. My last peroid was oct.17'12. an now im bleeding and cramping pretty bad? my mother has been told to quit taking nsaids, specifically alieve and advil. Can she take buffered aspirin for pain? Is it normal to have you're period every other month? Even if it skips the following cycle? can a bladder infection or uti affect my period? What can cause a period to be late? What can cause blood spotting after not having a period for 14 yrs? I'm 19 years old and haven't had a period in over 4 months. I have had brown discharge. What is wrong with me..? Getting a tubal ligation can it make you stop having a period? I have had one since i got mine done over a year ago. Is it normal to experience the side effects of Plan B for over 1 month? How long should I wait to have sex after having a Hysteroscopy, Nova Sure and a Thermal Abaltion outpatient procedure? I am experiencing spotting, cramping and frequency in urination, but I feel a jolt of pain when I pee. im 12 weeks pregnant why am i bleeding after i got fingered My period stopped almost 6 years ago, and now I have started spotting. What is wrong with me? In general, will a regiment of 10 oz. of Potassium Citrate over a 3 day period clear the bowel tract in a 5 year old. my 15 year old daughter wakes up with a stomach ache and nausua quite a bit. what could this be? sore knee and tingling in bottom of foot My husband and I are trying to have a baby...I was 10 days late for my period...and today I'm spotting. Pregnant? I am postmenopausal. Can I still get pregnant? Could I be pregnant if we were naked and we just rubbed and stuff until he came? I am  I am getting leg and foot pain after standing for a long period of time Why has my period lasted over two weeks? I'm 46. My periods are usually heavy with bad cramps. This one is light with light cramps, but has lasted 3wks. I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend a day before my period started he did not ejaculate in me can i get pregnant? am i pregnant? Whats wrong? Now on period, Cramping hard and few spots of red but feelin like I am bleeding more than that, since Fri. How accurate. Is a pregnancy test if you take it the day of your missed period? can you bleed a week after you have your period when you are on the birth control pill I came on my period on Dec 10 and went off on the 12th and stated bleeding on and off up until the 16 can i be pregnant? When I have a bowl movement I have a lot of bright red blood, what could be the cause of this and is it severe? am feeling some how tired, desire to vomit , and still mising my period?? are these symptoms of pregnancy??? Is it possible to get vaginal infections from a person doing drugs I went off birth control and have been using condoms. I am a week late for my period. Is that normal? I want to know if there a chance you can get pregnant if you have sex the day after your period stops? I am 11 days late, 2 tests both NEG. My breasts are very sensitve I am getting upset, One way or another I want answers MY STOMACH IS BIGGER AND I AM FEELING MOVEMENT IN MY UPPER STOMACH.my tubes are tide. period is regular.  I haven't had my period since Oct ( now Dec). Is it possible im pregnant even though im over weight? With both of my pregnancys, an at home urine test did not say positive, until a week or so after my missed period. early period, headache, naseuous, tired, bloated, but no other problems. My period has been late for 35 days now, but a pregnancy test says I am not pregnant. What could be wrong with me? when pregnant, do you only miss 1 period? or all of them until you give birth? non-menstral bleeding or pregnancy?? HELP!!!!!!! is there any chances of being pregnant though i had my period but i'm worried because we didn 't used condom propaly What does it mean when you pass a HUGE blood clot during your period? I have not had a period for over a year. I just started a period. Is this normal and can I get pregnant? I am 53. I got my period on Dec 26, 2012.Unprotected sex during ovulation per which was around Dec.12, 2012.Could i be pregnant? Period was 4 days late and then I experienced light bleeding just a little bit heaveier than spotting for 1 day. Neg HPT what is spotting? I am about to get my periods,but I see white discharge and discomfort in lower abdomen my last period was Dec 13, 2012 can I take a pregnancy test? why do i keep spotting blood for 2 months? i missed my period in November had it december and now its late once again what is going on I took my last active birth control pill 20 hours late. My period came a day late and was light. Is this normal? i stoped Depo-Provera after 5 yrs in oct 2012 and still havent started period why? I, recently, noticed that after I pee, when I wipe, there is some blood. But, there isn't any blood in my underwear. can an abnormally light period be a sign of pregnancy? i supposed to have my period last january 01 but until now i dont have my period yet.is it normal,9days delayed? no period after only having one depo shot  why is my period less painful than usual?  Why do I wake up with pounding migraines? Can my body trick itself into having the same symptoms as pregnancy if Im worried about it? I had my period december 5 through december 10. It is now january 11, should i be concerned about being pregnant am i eating too much meat? Should your period be dark brown? experiencing numbness of left hand with swelling and tingling for long periods i am not pregnant but i havent been having a period for five mouths . what do i have ? Break through bleeding will not stop best wanted to stack my packs but afraid the bleeding may never end? I started taking birthcontrol pills and then stopped after 4 days. Would that cause me to have a period? No period in nine months, why? me and my husband had unprotected sex 2 weeks before my period came could i still be pregnant? i have a yellow vaginal discharge with odor its getting worse my period is becoming spuratic Am I pregnant, having a miscarriage, or is this just nothing to worry about? What could it be? I had a heavy, long lasting period in dec now im 4 days late with lots of pregnancy symptoms? Im 49 years old and have had my period for over a month and a half - my stomach looks like im pregnant but i cant be I'm a 13 year old girl who has not begun her period... Would it be safe to begin sexual interaction with my boyfriend? my bf rubbed his penis to my vagina n i got an orgasm but we were wearing clothes. any chances of me getting pregnant? I have been so emotional the last week and senstive breast but I had period after ovulation date could I be pregnant? How to get rid of vaginal discharges? my girlfriend period hasn't stop and it's been 4 months when can i take pregnancy test? I spotted for 2 days but then stopped and i am now 20 days late. Took a test and it was - can I be pregnant? Near constant periods on birth control? How often will I have this, now that I had experienced it for the first time? My last depo shot was in Sept, when should i have my preiod again? Period only lasted an hour.. please help! I had sex with my gf on friday,she was suppose to start her period yesterday and didn't. Can she get pregnant that fast? Normal period no STDs or cancer or abnormalties... Why so much pain during deep penetration? Confused  Hello. I am an 18 year old cheerleader. I haven't seen my period since late October last year. Any advice? First day of last period 1/11/13; positive HPT 1/29/13 - when is due date? Other thoughts? I am 4 days late on my period. Been spotting for 2 days which is not normal for me. Negative HPTs. Could I be pregnant? My period is very heavy. I've lost 80% of my sense of smell and my bladder suddenly emptied without needing to urinate. Could I be pregnant Igot a yeast infection from taking antibiotics I have my period now.My clitoris feels raw/hurt when I wipe.What is this? I am 47 and my period makes a nightly appearance Heavy bleeding for 2 days, 8 days before period... Why do my breasts hurt and leak once a month? I am taking antibiotics for a toothache.Will this cause my period to be late? Im 29 and havent been sexually active and i did not my period for two months now. does an mri affect your period? Am I not being able to get pregnant because or my hypothroid or is it something else? I had a shortened period, and some early signs of pregnancy, could I b pregnant? How soon can I test? CAN I GET PREGNANT IF MY BF EJACULATED INSIDE MY ANUS ON THE 4TH DAY AFTER MY MENSTRUATION? Had sex, a week later instead of my normal period had alittle blood when wiped. Now im sick to stomach and nipples itch. I was on depo for 5yrs been off it for 5months havent had a period is it possible for me to get pregnant?  what are side effects after 10 years of using depo shot I am 52 and periods are infrequent. having one now, 3wks long. this last week very heavy and a lot of big clumps. i have dark brown thick stringy mucus like blood what could it be i have a regular period but its been 2 months now since my period stop. am i pregnant? My last period was November 15 I am now 13 weeks did i most likely conceive 2 days before ovulation or 3 days after?! Can a girl get pregnant from precum the day after her period, then taking the morning after pill. Is it likely to have gential herpes at the age of 13 with your period ? also any thoughts on what it can be ? if i missed the first 4days of my birth control pack, should i start the pack on the next day or wait until sunday, I was on the Depo Provera shot for 9 months. I have just had a peroid for 30days. Am I fertile again? why am i bleeding after sex? I cycle pills to not get my period (3 years now) and only recently started bleeding Could I conceive after immediately stopping birth control pills? Would going off my nuva ring make my period late? Lower back pain be a sign of pregnancy? My lower right side of my back, right above my hip Had sex on fifth day of my missed period? Had pink spotting after. Is this my period? Have not had any more spotting. Lower back pain be a sign of pregnancy? My lower right side of my back, right above my hip I've been told you cannot get pregnant during your period, is that 100% true because that would be the only way I am. spotting before last mentruation.Two weeks before period having increased discharge, swollen tender breasts. pregnant? Menstrual changes after an MRCP with contrast... is this possible? whenI have my period I notice that I not only bleed from my vagina, but also a little from my rectum? Is this normal? im on the depo shot and i have been on my period for about 6-7 weeks is that normal and its light sometimes  I am on Implanon, do not have periods but I have been cramping I am breast feeding but they have been fuller than usual, Can you skip two months of no period and then have a period again and still be pregnant? Started period 2 days ago, was normal heavy with the achey feeling I always have day 1. Day 3 I have seen no blood why? I'm 19 and I live with my best friend who can't have periods, is it possible for me to still have a period? Boyfriend brought up sex and I'm kinda scared. What would be causing sharp pains in my abdomen even when I'm not on my period? I'm 21, my menstrual cycles have been about 17 days long the past 4 months. Could this be from stress or depression? I have had a period 4 times this month. Is this normal? im 23 having frequent hot flashes but still having a normal period cycle could it be pre menopause? if i had sex february 9th to the 15th could i be pregnant? my period is suppose to be on february 27th. I am 43 never had a regular period but this month I had 2 is that normal? I had unprotected sex on day 20 of 28 day cycle, period is 4 days late and experiencing pregnancy symptoms. Pregnant? I am 31 years old and have endometriosis last night I got up from sofa a felt a clot the size of my fist come out.  Can a late period and vaginal mucus be a sign of pregnancy? Can a menstrual period be a orange color? Whats the bad effects of consuming too much Coke? I had my period two weeks ago, and never had any cramps. but now i'm having cramps. i have also been sexual active I found out i was pregnant the first of this month. But now i'm bleeding i feel like it's my period? is there no baby? Pregnant? On Tricyclen lo. Began on Day 1 of my cycle (day 1 of period). Am now ten days in. Is it safe to have unprotected sex?  have'nt had period almost a year,doctor say im to young to start menopause, im 47.took blood and found nothing wrong... last period was Jan 17. Sex on feb 3/4. Preg test on Fed 23 was neg. But i feel pregnate.Can i be? Why am I haveing my period for the second time in one month ? should i be worried ? Could I be pregnant? Can a woman get pregnant and have a period two weeks later? Can you get pregnant by wiping yourself with an unwashed hand? I don't have periods due to taking nuvaring. How would I know if I was pregnant since I don't have any periods to miss? Can a woman have sympathy pain for another woman who is menstruating? My period is almost ten days late and i took some pregnency test but they keep coming out negative. Could i be pregnant? what does it mean to miss your period for 4 months???? my bf and i had sex 2/28 got period 3/1 it came early., i feel crampy and have back pain, coukd i be pegnant? my bf and i had sex 2/28 got period 3/1 it came early., i feel crampy and have back pain, could i be pregnant? I have 5 kids. I have a 28 day cycle every month. I am currently 6 days late, I am obese. Can I be pregnant? can i be pregnant and still having periods?nipples have been sore and leaking and beast are getting bigger... I think I have frenulum breve and my foreskin won't pull back. Can I get circumcised without telling family? I'm 23... Can fingering cause an STD in the vaginal area? What the world?? my menstrual cycle last 52 days or more. Is that normal? I am breastfeeding my 1 month old. I was told that I won't have a period but I have one. Is this normal? I've had pcos for 3 years and just now got a period should i be worried? Just stopped taking birth control, realistically how long could it take me to get pregnant? I had my period jan 2 and its march 10th and i still havent gotton my period. Could i be pregnant? Is it normal to have a heavy period after no periods for almost 6 months...I am 50, thought I was done with periods?? could i be pregnant? I havent had my period since Jan 2nd. and its march 11th. I had 2 pregnancy test that were positive.I started bleeding 2 days later like my normal period.can I still be pregnant? I had 2 pregnancy test that were positive.I started bleeding 2 days later like my normal period.can I still be pregnant? I sometimes get really bad knee pain during my period, does anybody else get this? or know what causes it? Could I Be Pregnant? I swore I was pregnant, took test and NO. Supposed to get period today but got it Mon. and now gone? Am I pregnant? I did not have a period for 13 months. I had one last month and have started bleeding again this month. Normal? Implantation bleeding or period?! HELP!! 42 y/o - usually VERY regular periods - 5 days late last month, 12 days late thus far this month - no signs of period My son is having problems with his kidneys and it's causing him to have high blood pressure what can I do to lower it? what can i do about vagina odor? I 'm 42 .Had a lite period last month until day 7 then heavy period for 3 days. Now this month I am 8 days late. Is it possible to start your period a week early?  do they always check 4 pregnancy when u go to the er ?second month w/o a period? but they said nothing 1 way or other? can you get pregnant when you have ovarian cists and your tubes are twisted Can a partical hysterectomy be reversed? Has anyone every attempted such a proceedure? How much would it cost Is it possible to get an std from kissing? Its been 5 weeks and 4 days since my last period? Is it too soon to test to see if I'm pregnant? I am 24 I have periods every 6 mnths if that, my breasts are coned shaped and have not grown since I was 14 why is this? I have a family history of stoke due to birth control.With extreme period sympts, I want to take another form to help? i just started birth control a week ago, i am having lots of cramps and brown stringy discharge. is that normal? u/s dates me at 14wks tday. edd is 23/09/13. lmp 24/12/12 so when did i concieve ? Doe exposure to heating oil fumes contribute to COPD? I have pain around my pelvic area when having sex during my ovulation period only. what could be happning to me? is it safe to take more than one plan b one step pills in a 72 hour period? I had unprotected sex 12 days ago I took morning after pill and had a period 3 days later can I still be pregnant Why do I get diarrhea every time I get my period? Is it normal to have a period 6 years after going through menapause? Normal 30 day cycle - 1 week after period had bright red blood in thick stretchy CM - am I ovulating? I am TTC Had surgical abortion 10w ago, had no follow up. Still no period. Use condoms, needed M.A pill once. Is this normal? I'm 28. Tubes tied a year ago. Period is 3 weeks late. Breasts sore, morning sickness. Could I be pregnant?!? I'm a 35 year old woman Why is it that right before my period I don't want sex at all, but I'm extremely horny after it? why would i be spotting for almost 3 months Late period and plan b Havent had period since Nov. but have mucus could this be ovulation? also tender breast,stomach pains,trouble breathing why do i have two periods this month If my period is early, when will I ovulate? I accidently overdosed on Tylenol by taking 21 in a 12 hour period. It is a few days later and I have no symptoms. My period was abnormal light, I took a home test n' got a - now i got an abnormal heavy one w/ brown clots, miscarriage? I've noticed an increase in clear or milky fluid in my underwater the week after my period. What is this? One depo shot on Nov. 20, 2012 next shot was due Feb. 20, 2013. Have not had a period since January. I am 38 and he is 42. We took some time off and had sex without birthcontrol during what I believed was my "safe" time Why would my 3 year old daughter wake up at least once a week vomiting in the nght? Peroid is 2 days late, had sex day before my period was going to start,will i start if i'm pregnant? I'm 26 and my period is every 5-7 weeks. It use to be normal, but not anymore. Am I going through early menopause? I am haveing dark brown discharge but my period ended a couple days ago y? i haven't had my period for 3 months and started bleeding during intercourse I don't know why. if you do sex every alternate day on the week of your ovulation will you be pregnant with a boy? I am 19 years old. I was supposed to start my period 4/4 and it is 4/9 today. I have not had sex. is this normal?  Please Answer! Can u still have a period if u had a partial hysterectomy? Only my uterus was removed. Is "spotting" considered "menstruation"? Period late. Symptoms of period, but little blood. Stopped birth control a month ago. Not pregnant, took 3 tests. I am almost two weeks late on my period, it comes 1st of every month, could i be pregnant I'm 18, sexually active, and on birth cntrol. I haven't had my period for a few months. Why? Im working on losing weigth loss (needed) My period is coming late is super light and long whats wrong im on day twelve Could I be pregnant?  i had my period 3/28 and now i am light bleeding it has been like this two months only last 2-3 days in between cycles  My first time to have sex. Will I be safe if I start taking the birth control pill one week before we have sex? Normal period. two weeks later, bad stomach cramps,discharge,tender breasts and started bleeding (never happened before) I'm a 31 yr old woman and have not gotten my period for 2 months ,what do you think I should do Can a girl get pregnant from just precum? what would cause your belly button to bleed when your on your period? why did my period Start 12 days early Can an infected ingrown toenail cause diarrhea? I've had it off and on for 2 days. I feel fine after using the restroom Can you get pregnant dry humping with clothes on both partners? By clothes I mean both wearing jeans and underwear? i think i may be pregnant, ive taken a test at home it came back positive. ? My period is one month late today, i have taken home tests. Could i be pregnant. 2.5 mgs of valium made me sleepless a year ago. Today I have a muscle spasm. Is it likely to make me sleepless again? i had a tuble done 6 years ago.I been feelin sick and missed my period going on day 2 should i take a test and when best can you get pregnant on the second day of your period, having had unprotected sex how to early my menstrual cycle?i want to have period 1 week early for travel purpose. I gave birth 12 Weeks ago, 6 Weeks later had my tubes tied,still haven't had a period. Is that normal? Have had period for more then 12 days. Starting to hurt now. My cycle has always been heavy but normal.  how can i stop the pain? Can premenstral cause blood pressure to rise? Why would i have missed my period after a normal period after taking provera 4 neg pg tests if you have a 28day cycle but had midcycle light bleeding would i still start my period on day 28 I am 50 and went off the pill 3 months ago. I get my period every 2 weeks for a couple days. Should I go back on? I just recently got off my period and when my boyfriend and I had sex it was painful, also my vagina itches badly. Can i be pregnant by fingering on last day of my period and he had pre ejaculatory fluid on his finger? bleeding a week before expected period havent got my period in 2 weeks, what may be wrong? PLEASE HELP!! How do I stop 3 week long breakthrough bleeding? do you have to take femara while on your period? or can you take it at anytime if you do not have periods ever?  I have been on my new pill pack for 4 days. If i stop taking them, will i get my period? I need help finding another method of birth control besides the pill. I take the pill cause it helps with my period. Missed pills at end of 3rd week. Started period on monday. Waited til next sunday to start new pack. Can I get pregnant? I finished a normal period cycle, within 48 hours I began bleeding again. Also queasy, sick to my stomach. What is up? I finished a normal period cycle, within 48 hours I began bleeding again. Also queasy, sick to my stomach. What is up? Am i pregnant? I haven't had a period in over 2 years. can i still get pregnant? I have herd that you can and that you can not... experiencing heavy menstral bleeding with many large blood clots. should i go to the hospital? will starting oral birth control a week before my period delay my period? My last two periods the pain has been horrible, even with Midol and there hasn't been any blood, should I be concerned? I had my period on 4/4/12 and i finished 4/6/12. then i had marron discharge for 3 days, and 5/6/12 i havent my period.? why am i 27 and have had only 2 periods in a year and have vaginal pain before sexual intercourse I have only had 2 periods in the past 9 months, I am not pregnant. I also urinate CONSTANTLY. What could be wrong? Strange dent under kneecap can i use sulfameth/trimethoprim to cure a bacterial vaginosis infection? My period is too long?  If I had sex with one person and had my period 6 days later could i get pregnant? My period has been for about 2 wks and i have a pain in my lower left side pelvic area. What's wrong with me? I'm 16 and I've had my period for an extremely long time right now. Between around 2 weeks to 2 weeks and 1/2. Why? 6 weeks late for a period and 2 hpt came out neg what should i do Am trying to have a baby , nd my last period was 4-10-13 ,Am 9 days late ,my cycle is normaly 28days, took a test nd neg is it possible to get pregnant 7 days after your menstration? my period was 5 days late, when it finally came it was red but really light only lasted 2 days could i be pregant? I had intercourse the day after I finished my period (unprotected)...Are the chances of me being pregnant high or low? is it normal to have lite period like cramps when pregnant? i have been spotting the entire month of May and have been throwing up for 2 weeks now. Is spotting that much normal? If you miss your period how long after will it show positive on test if you r pregnant? how long should u wait to take1 im 55 not had a period for 2yrs till recently still feel very bloated and have pelvic pain and back ache 17yr missed period in April,spotted in March nothing in June. Pregnacy test negative. on depo shot last year. My lmp was 4/22/13.Period was due 5/20 no period yet. I am having dull back pain and light pink spotting am i pregnant? No period in 12 years ? EXTREMELY TIRED, SEVERE PAIN FROM THROAT DOWN THRU ABDOMEN. I am clotting and having pain in my stomach and a back am I misarrying? Does Herbalife diet supplement interfere with the effectiveness of Gildess FE 1/20 birth control? How can you tell if you're pregnant with twins? when you lose weight only when your on your period and then gain it back what does that mean? ANy other time u can't What are signs of loosing to much blood? my period was to be last may 22 but untill now i havent had for this month i take p.test but its negative.am i pregnant? I have started menopause, and have constant itching of the outer vagina area.Neg. on STD's. Pap smear ok. How long does it take birth control pill to start working? is it normal to have period and then 14days later to have light discharge and my period come on every 23 days On the pill, just switched to a new one. Have brownish discharge and itching; no odor. Could it be a yeast infection? sudden cramps, light bleed and something small came out with light bleed that wasn't a clot. is it possible to get pregnant without penetration on day 17 while wearing underwear and rub against upper pubic region I got my period 2 days ago n started normal symptoms, bleeding light n bloating but no pain is it natural for my peepee to burn Can Chlamydia lay dormant for up to 3 years? How to stop prolonged period bleeding on the pill? From the age of 31 I have had very few periods. I have had one proper one, and a handful of very small bleeds. Waht causes blackouts where the person acts violent then wakes up with no recollection of what happened? Why do I have a delay of menstrual cycle how can I tell if my tubes came untied? They were tied 15 years ago, and I need to know how to tell. I had unprotected sex the day I was supposed to start my period, now I'm 4 days late. Could I be pregnant? Is it possible to have pregnancy symptoms on day 17 of a 28 day cycle? I have a thick heavy almost yellow discharge, some itching. also 12 days late getting my period. Infection or pregnant? Sex on 4th May, period due on 25th. No symptom in between. Heavy/light cramping after 25th to 30th. 9th june,no period. I am on the pill and a condom was used. Pregnant? can i be pregant if i had a period days after being in contact w/ejaculation but no intercourse. What does yellowish green discharge mean when I have not started my period? I took Bactrim for a UTI while on my period; I am on low lowstrine. Does Bactrim affect birth control? I'm having large pieces of skin coming out of my vagina on my period. I've never had this happen before. What is it? I skipped birth control for a day...will higher dosages of bc stop my period? Had a hysterectomy in Dec '12. (uterus only). Spotting light brown today like an end of period spot. Is this normal? my period got off and the next day i had sex with my boy friend will i get pergnant?if yes is der any medicine to abort Can I get pregnant after unprotected anal sex during my ovulation period ? My bf ejaculated inside my anus I m worried I am in 1st month on mononessa. I missed a pill on day 7 and did not have sex until day 15. Took 2 pills on day 8. Safe? Can you still ovulate if you miss your period? i started birth control pills 2 weeks ago when i started my period but im still bleeding is that normal? I missed a pill and took it a few hours later. Im still on my white pills, but I got my period? Can this fingering get her pregnant? She got her periods since day after I fingered her with some precum. Can she get pregnant? Can a woman get pregnant if she had her period 2 days after sex and it was heavy the first day and light 3 days after? been in menopause for 2 years and just started my period what does this mean When should I take a pregnancy test? I'm on bc and should have gotten my period this weeek but I got strep and never got it. Took 2 preg tests and both neg. I started birth control 4 weeks ago ive been on my period for 3 weeks now. What can i do to make it stop. I started birth control 4 weeks ago ive been on my period for 3 weeks now. What can i do to make it stop. i stopped having periods at age 37 (5yrs ago). i started a period 7 days ago. very heavy. is this normal? Can I skip my period and not take the placebo sugar pills and just continue taking birth control pills for 2 months? My gf's period is late over 10 days now. We did have unsafe sex after foreplay like 3 mins and wear condom. Pregnant? I'm 16, and took 2 1000mg of keppra between about a hour and a half period each. Will I be okay? not preg but no menstration for 4 months already try the preg test 2x but its neg started birth control 3 weeks ago. got period 11 days ago. usually have it 5 days, its light but there. why? I haven't have a period for the last 4 months,Can I still get pregnant? 2 months without my period and I've had protected sex four months ago, what is wrong? had sex roughly 12 days ago wife took pregnancy test on the 12th day it was positive, period isnt due yet can it happen I took two home test was neg still no period was it too soon should i take a blood test As I was about to put in a new tampon, a glob of blood (as I had thought) got in toilet paper and it wasnt just blood I started taking doxycycline last week for acne and it caused me to menstruate. Why is that happening? Can you get pregnant while on your period? What are ways to achieve multiple sexual orgasms in a 24 hour period for men? how soon does depo prevara protect? had first shot june 24th within 5 days of last period? My cycle usually 28 days. My period is 5 days late-test are negative. Had a UTI 2 weeks ago, can this delay my period? I can not fall asleep. i have bipolar disorder and high functioning autism which probably doesnt help. HELP! :( I had unprotected sex early morning (6am) at 8th day of my period, how many chances to get pregnant. Concerned..havent had my period since March 2013, yet my breasts are tender.. I am definitely not pregnant. I miss a month of my period and hve not started yet I am 48 yrs old and i am sexually active . I had unprotected sex but my bf didnt cum inside the next day i got my period can i get pg? Can oral sex combined with kissing possibly result in pregnancy? am i pregnant Can I Be Pregnant Can I produce eggs after having tubes taken out ovarian cysts. BC keeps them away but DR messed up my RX now Im off them. have 2 wait until my period to take it again? okay my question is my left nipple is leaking a milky liquid, and my hips and stomach hurt, and i just had a period,help I'm 19 and when I pulled my tampon out it ripped out some white/T light pink tissue and it bled a different consistency I have been going through menopause for almost a year. I started my period this morning! Is this normal? how do i know if i'm menopausal or something else is really wrong? i have had my period four weeks with heavy bleeding and large blood clots i'm 44 years old what should i do ? I get hard boil like bumps on my thigh and on my pubic area only around my period? I'm 47 years old  how can i end my period early without medicine? Can one get pregnant if taking Tri-Sprintec reminder pills when not on one's period and while being sexually active? Is it safe to have an orgasm (manually, not by penetration) during 4 week recovery period after an endometrial ablation? can a 53 year old woman get her period after two years of no periods? My period is 6 days late I started spotting this pinkish color along with this red like slime coming out. What is wrong? I'm 14 and everyone at my school has breast I've had my period like 3 years ago so I don't know why I don't have breast I have had swollen, tender, itchy breasts for approximately a month and a half, what could be the cause? i thought my first period started 2 weeks ago but now theres brown stuff does my period stop in water I had unprotected sexual intercourse during my period; is it possible to become pregnant? I missed my period took a pregnancy test and it is negative?  I have my period at least 3 times a month severe cramping and i have no sexual drive. What can i do I was on the Depo-Provera shot for 5 to 6 years and been off the shot for over a year and a half. still no period. Can I be pregnant if I am still having a period? I haven't had a period in 3-4 months. I took the hpt and it was negative. Are these test effective for someone 3 mo late I've been using Depo-provera shot for10 yrs , been off the shot for 1year.my periods are irreglar,cn i get pgt at39? Is it possible to be pregnant and still have a period? Are thre any vitamin supplements one can take after a long period of being on painkillers for a back injury? If the condom did not break what are the chances of still becoming pregnant? a week after my period, he entered me once unprotected(not on the pill either), can i get pregnant from his pre? I think I may have started my period but it is a lot lighter than normal and a different color with almost no cramps.  I messed up my pill, now I think I'm getting my period half way thru the pack? When should I start a new pack? Stopped OCP in May. Week and a half late on my period. Having sore breasts which has not happened before. Pregnant? How long does it take for gonorrhea to clear up and what's the window period for an HIV antibodies test? ive been masturbating with a razor for a while now and i missed my period last month, could something be wrong Can having diarrhea stop your period? Stopped OCP in May. Week and a half late on my period. Having sore breasts which has not happened before. Pregnant? can you still have a period if you were spotting why is my hair loss is only before ovulation? I have an IUD Mirena and my period stopped It came back with clotting and abdominal pain. should I go to the doctor? period cramps at 36 weeks pregnant is it normal? I have suffered inflammation of the bowel for over four months. Can eating fruit make this worse? what should i avoid? can pre-cum get you pregnant while on your period? can pre-cum get you pregnant while on your period? I think I mite be pregnant my period was suppose to come on the 28 of July I'm a day late but I'm having lower back pain I am 30 years old and I haven't had a period in almost a year. What could be causing that? Hi, I'm 16 and I have a ball inside my vagina it doesn't hurt and when I was masturbating blood came out what is therisk of COPD or lung cancer for an former-smoker who is/was asthmatic? One breast pains from the nipple along a red curved line. Is it infection, early sign of shingles or cancer? Haven't had a period in over two year so am I ovulating or not? What are the down falls of having sex on your first day of starting my period What are the down falls of having sex on your first day of starting my period i am 51; on BC pills 30 years, went off of them end of March,still no period. get cramps-no period. is this normal? will I know before my missed period if i am pregnant? can i be pregnant and still get a period? How long will it take? Missed period symthomes of pregnacey two - tests?? I think I maybe pregnant. I took the plan B pill the dayafter the accident. Could this cause problems?  was on birth control for 3 years then i stopped a week later I got my period for a day Then it stoped could I be prego? My period is 3 days late. I have cramps but no bleeding. My pregnany test were negative. Could I still be pregnant? My daughter got her 1st period at 10yrs. Now she is 17and very short. Are growing pills really works and safe.? Mirena IUD Im 34 had csec 05/01Ive missed my period now for 4 wks had tubes burnt during csec can I be preg been diag w/ anima too had my period 1st weeek july again 3 rd week been spotting red and brown ever since what could this mean? I just started the pill this week (of my period) but my period has not started yet and I'm on day 5. Is this normal? I had unprotected sex 7/24, I was due for my period on 7/28 and now Its 8/3, I still don't have my period.  I ve got lot of blood come out of my bum when I go bathroom and when I go number 2 its like chunks of blood coming out I have pcos I lost 112 pounds and my periods have come back what are the odds of getting pregnant naturally? What causes a girl to have a continuous period? I haven't had my period goin on 2months now. I took a pregnancy test and it came back negative I'm still havin sex.  I haven't had my period goin on 2months now. I took a pregnancy test and it came back negative I'm still havin sex idk Should I see a doctor if I'm 51 and have missed a period? My period was black and chunky and I'm in A LOT of pain. Is it possible that I was pregnant and had a miscarriage? I was supposed to have my period 8/4/13 and I still haven't gotten it. I've taken 5 tests all neg. What's wrong with me? had protected sex the day before my period is expected. could it cause it to come later? I have had 2 full periods in july and spotting the rest of the month now aug. a period an more spotting am i pregnate? Can a woman become pregnant a couple days after her period? how can I help my 50 yr old fiancee' through issues in her menstrual cycle? Can i get someone pregnant from touching her even after hand sanitizer?  The month of july I did not get my period. What could be the cause of this?  I am on the sugar pills of my birth control into day 4/5 and still haven't had my period start. are aching joints and bones associated with menopause Is it normal that my period is late? Almost 8 days now. I've never had sex, so I can't be pregnant. Period every 2 weeks?? I have copper IUD (Paragard). I am 27 years old. it matters, I am in the BMI scale of obese. I had my period and the day it went off I got nauseated after eating. Could I be pregnant? Bladder problems after period Feels like a UTI. On April,i had sex and i took epills,since that day i had not seen my periods, not tested pregnanancy only body changes  Can you have a period while pregnant? Is there a difference between depo provera and depo subq provera 104 in terms of how quickly it works if taken midcycle? I get my period a month and then the next i dont get it and its a cycle is that bad?? In my period, it burns when I use the bathroom, the pain is severe and I normally can't do anything till it goes away. Got the depo provera shot may 8,still no period not prego,spotting,dischange brown color, I don't know what to think.  Don't you expect young people to figure out it is cheaper to ignore this law? I need help finding someone who can answer my Constantly contracting uterus questions. HELP! IT HURTS LIKE CRAZY! I am having dull cramps and slight lower back pain. Ended my normal period a week ago.  Removed iud end of June since then 2 times spotted no period is it safe to concieve baby now i mean my utures wall ready could i be pregnant? HELP!!! could i be pregnant? HELP!!! Had abnormal period related things usually never had, ex spotting before period, white discharge... Could I be pregnant? My boobs hurt I have milky discharge and haven't had a period since June. Help? Still no period? Whats up with this? The first day of my last period was july 21 w/ 28 days cycle , no period came. sex w/ bf last august 13. Am I pregnant? Does Menstruation affect a mammogram? my doctor prescribe medroxyprogesterone to stop, after 10 days i started my period again. how long will bleeding last? how is it that i can skip my period for 7 months and still get it late two months later?help! never been sexually active My daughter who is 43, is having a period every two weeks. I started my period 8/5 I started spotting 8/19.. lasted 2-3 days. what could this be? I missed my period but im not sexually active? I had a tubal ligation done a week ago and today a LOT of dark brownish blood in my underwear is this normal? brown spotting in between period I am restricting food and I've been feeling exhausted, as well as having a low pulse. Does this mean I'm anorexic? My mood goes from depressed to happy with episodes of anxiety. I feel like I am on a roller coaster is this normal? What is the best treatment for someone with Asthma who can't be around cats?  I had a baby two months ago and haven't got my first period is tha normal ? I had a baby two months ago and haven't got my first period is tha normal ? Implantation bleeding or hymen broken? I have only had one depo-vera shot, but havent had sex since I was on it. Is it normal to have irregualr periods?  Safe sex time and pregnancy what if I have blood in my pee My period finished 4 days ago and this morning i noticed some pink spotting. What can this be? I got my period Sept 1st n usual bleeding n bloating. No bleeding until the 6th day. Why? Is Dettol good for Douching and Enema. I have being Bleeding for a few month after a miscarriage? I had sex (no condom, no pill) Aug 7th (three times, and he ejaculated inside all three times) and then once on the 8th. What to us for Birth control in women over 50? am i pregnant I am 26 years old. I see my period once in two months. Is this normal? My period use to be every month before. what causes your legs to swell just before u start your period Hi i,m a women that's 25 I went to my OBGYN and I was told that I have high testosterone is there any way to lower it The first day of my last period was 8/4/2013 it is 9/11/2013 when do I need to take a test? What to do if haven't had my period for 3 months and i am not pregnant? I have been on my period on and off for a month. it is heavier than usual and has clots. i am on birth control. worry? I am 43, period is always regular, but been 33 days since last period and feeling all the symptoms but not bleeding. My period is due tommorrow. I have had cramps for 1 week and a half. Can I be pregnant? Itching, white discharge and blood with it. What causes white, thick vaginal discharge following a really short period?  is it normal to discharge a piece of look a like a pice of meat after a heavy bleed? Severe period cramps with nausea and diarrhea I get hives before my menstural period?  Am i pregnant or is something seriously wrong with me! Please help Can u have a period while ur pregnant even if u have had other pregnancys n no period before Hi My name is Sara. I'm14 and have all dearrhea symptoms and my period is late for 3 months whatcan ido without seeindoc I have PCOS, hate birth control. Is there and overcounter drugs or natural remedys to get a period what is the normal time frame to expect first period after birth? Could I be pregnant, I had unprotected sex 6 days after period started? is it normal to have a yeast infection/itching after every period? I am getting bloody discharge from using Metrogel Vaginal, is that normal? i had tubaligation 4 years ago, i had a regular period but a day after my period was gone. i have a heavy bleed. im 21 and turning 22 in a week and i have never had a period what should i do Why Have I havent had a period after two months discontinueing my birth control shot? Could I possibly be pregnant? Positive Preg Test now some bleeding but not like my period. Is this normal Looking for answers from someone who sees more than just one symptom, abdominal cramping, missed periods, swollen leg... i havent my period in 3 months and i have taken 4 pregnancy tests that say negative? not having a period Period after lifting Could I be pregnant if I got my period the day after unprotected sex? raised area of skin on labia before period I am having severe bleeding with periods and have an ongoing period and am passing clots and grayish tissue Hello I am having problems with my period. Im 18 years old and Ive only had my period for about 3 months in this year.  I am a 44 old female who is on birth control pills. My period is going on its 4th week.Am I starting menopause? How soon can I find out if I'm pregnant without waiting till my missed period Do I have to wait till a missed period to tell if I'm pregnant? I am 39 and my period came 14 days early. Could this be serious, could i be pregnant. I was on Depo for almost 5 yrs stopped 3/29/2013. Have had 2 periods. How soon can i get pregnant? I had sex last wednesday and had my period the day after it has been 8 days could i still get an accurate pregnancytest Can you become pregnant with the same symptoms as having your period? is it possible for a 52 year old woman to get pregnant if she has not had a period in over 10 months I have been having unprotected sex lately and i have PCOS. I normally dont have a period. I have lost about 50 pounds should i be concerned with 1 period that lats a day I have had a constant stomach ache and have felt very nauseas for a week. And I am on my period. What is wronge with me? Whats wrong when you dont see period for two months Whats wrong when you dont see period for two months exactly how long after your period ends do u start ovulating? How to get off clonazepam been on depo-pervera fo 5years without period.the last 4months if I do anything strenuous I spot alot of red blood.why? I am 18 and i had unprotected sex, but no cum anywhere, period is three days late, what does this mean?  hd sex on17,den I hd my periods 4m 23-29Aug,my nxt period was due on21Sep bt still no signs of my periods. wot shud I do Does Mirena IUD cause weight gain if a period has not been had for 10mo and only had IUD for 12mo? I was on birthcontrol for 5 months the last three days of every pack I spotted. I went off birthcontrol.  normal period, spotted with white discharge after with cramping, pg test negative help why did my period stop? How can I get it to start again? What could cause me to have 3 periods in 6 weeks? Menstrual Cycle how common is a false positive pregnancy test Am I pregnant? Are there any side effects to leaving Mirena in after the 5 year period? having my period i have not had one in 8 years is that normal I am post menopausal. I have not had a period in 2 years. I started spotting this morning. Should I be concerned? Can I get pregnant from precum while ovulating? I have very light periods/spotting that lasts for 2-3 days since past 3 months. I'm 25 and sexually active. Any help? have hormone imbalance is that the reason why i spot after having infrequent intercourse. should i take birth control I am 38, no period in 8 years. I was told I had PCOS and went through early menopause.I started my period is this normal If i take pills,my period is regular.if i stopped taking pills,my period stops too. I'm worried i might not get pregnant If the condom breaks and he pulls out right away and I'm not on birth control. what are my chances of being pregnant? no period since aug thought I may be pregnant taken many tests past 5 weeks all negative have cramps the past 5 days Periods stopped 6-7 months ago, severe itching of vaginal area, not sexually active, what can cause these symptoms? Neg Pt 2 days pre period, Spotting light pink only when wiping. No pain. should a preganacy test be taken since last period was at the first week of sept and missed the first week of oct Can I get pregnant having sex on the 2nd day of my period. I have a 28 day cycle. Why are my breasts growing after a heavy period? Why is my armpit sore? I stopped taking my birth control pills. missed 3 periods negitive pregnancey test and little spotting but major cramps and neasue and no energy whats wrong? Pregnant or Not? All symptoms are present, no period, negative test. Stopped taking pills last month. Whats the deal? Is it normal for your period to start off brown? can I be pregnant if I had my period twice in one month? My Period only last 36-48 hours, which is my norm. Is that why i've had 2 yrs of no luck getting pregnant? Removal of Mirena and when to expect a period. I am still bleeding 4 weeks after giving birth, it was very light but now it is heavier again, is this normal? I am on birth control and did not get my period this month. I took a pregnancy test twice and both were negative. why do i turn purple during my period? I have had brown spotting for two weeks since my period ended. I am not on the pill and I am sexually active. am i pregnant on the mirena Could I be pregnant? After removing the mirena IUD how long until you start having peroiods its been ab 5 weeks and I havent had one? 2 day period My mom is 55 havent had her period for 4 years and just got it today, is this normal? Mirena In for 4 years no period till now light at first now dark Should I quit getting the Depo Provera shot? Girlfriend's period isn't stopping. Took plan B. How soon can I get pregnant after removing my Implanon and not having a period for 4 years? Broken condom during placebo week, no ejaculation, still got my period. Chance of pregnancy?  My fiance and I have been having unprotected sex for the past two months or so. could I be pregnant?  I am 26 Fem.i have outburst of acne mostly on my red cheek,bad hairfall,constipation and irresular period.Please suggest Can nicotine replacements be dangerous if taken for and extended period of time? Did my boyfriend cut me during foreplay? I am new to nuvaring and I know that I suppose to change it every 21 days but is that ok if I change it on day 18? i am 27 i had my first child in september of 2012 and have not had a period since is this normal? Woke up bleeding bright fresh red blood. I've been on the pill since I was 15, im now 21. Last had sex 2-3 months ago pepto bismol do anything for morn sick? Trying to determine if pregnant or if I have food poisoning nauseous for 2 days Could I be pregnant? My cycle is usually 28 days. my period is 17 days late, pregnacy test was negative. Could there be some thing else wrong Hi Nohard! Am using nuvaring to avoid my period for one time and I'll be traveling. Thanks for your help.  I'm 14 1/2 and still dont have my first period! HELP!!! Are there any foods to make your frist period come sooner? Abdominal pain frequent bowel movements and burping missed periods months at a time I am on birth control, but I started spotting a few days before my scheduled period. Is this common? im on birth control for the past 2yrs i do not get my period and my stomach is very big Is it safe to take gas-x after taking 3 laxatives and not having valv movement? I haven't gone in around two weeks.  Are there side effects of multiple hernia repairs? Should 800 cc of fluid be detected around lungs on auscultation by one's general practitioner?  I'm cramping like I'm on my period and my bowls seem to make me fill constipated but I'm going could I be pregnant How safe is it to be exercising above your "target" heart rate of 85% max heart rate? See specific details below. Had unprotected sex 2 days before becoming fertile (which was the 29) my last period was Oct.20 am I pregnant? I'm bleeding, but having pregnancy symptoms. Could I be pregnant? Two periods in one month??? I had protected sex, the condom didn't break, and he didn't ejaculate. implantion or light period HELP Is the Depo shot 99% effective per shot OR 99% effective while in use? delayed period, bloated, gas, what's wrong? I currently breastfeed my 6 month old and started my period. I thought it wouldnt start til I was done. Is this normal? My period lasted for about a week. When did I ovulate?  I recently switched from the IUD to BC, what are the chances that I am pregnant? I seem to have small bumps and a tear on my vgina. It has become exceedingly itchy. No pcod but still chin hair and acne What exactly is a Bi-lateral tubal? Can I get pregnant the last day of my period What can cause recurrent midcyclic offensive vaginal odor in a virgin, with no associated discharge or itching ? can i get pregnate after tubal reversal and having hot flashs I'm on the 3rd pack Sprintec birth control and take it every morning at the same time. Can preejaculate get me pregnant? I started period on 11/3 and lasted to 11/7. About a week and a half later, 11/17 stared spotting dark brown, pregnant? Irregular menses due to Morning after Pill. Bleeding pattern makes no sense. Please help!  Fingered my girlfriend with after touching precum 15 minutes before. Will she get pregnant? Fingered my girlfriend with after touching precum 15 minutes before. Will she get pregnant? Started Period 11/3; now on 11/17 started spotting brown for 2 days. Why? I have been unable to use a tampon since I got my period at age 13. What should I do? Are there any MediGap insurance plans in NYC that cover pre-existing conditions with no 6-month waiting period?  I had sex with a guy 5 months ago was on my period and I found out he was hiv positive how likely is it I have it had anal sex by using codom but still got late period?  Can we eat grapefruit while taking levothyroxine ?? I am on 100 mcg---my wife is on 25 mcg . THANK YOU. endometriosis: Do women get it after menopause? I recently have a heightened sense of smell, I have heard menopause can increase sensitivity, is this true? Are you supposed to take Chateal birth control for 3 months straight then stop to have a period i have a 10 year merana iud i havent a period in 6 yrs im bleeding heavy clots with cramps back pain No period for 13 years and now I have dark brown discharge, is this normal? Could I be pregnant 7 days late Why doesn't hydrocodone show up in your urine? I am 45. I get this pink discharge about 5-7 days after my period. Can you please tell me what is going on? HIV Possibility? Had unprotected sex 5 days before expected period (Nov. 8) Its November 26th, I missed the whole period. Am I pregnant? Had sex on 11/3. Expected period was 11/8. It never came/still hasn't its now 11/26. Could I be pregnant? When to HPT? Late Perido? I havent had a regular period in 6 years when I do have one I spot for a week prior to starting,and large blood clots. i have sopped having periods and im only 30 why? could having your period week early 3 months in a row cause birth control pill not work? i had unprotected sex on the 26th, started bleeding 6days after-on Dec2 after having unprotected sex again with husband Me and my husband are very sexually active no birth control used, period is 5 days late. Could I be pregnant?  I had sex 10/29,10/30. got my period 11/13 I feel like I'm pregnant. can I be pregnant change in period after vasectomy Can Perimenopause completely Zero out a woman's libido? If so, what treatment should be sought for such? I have my period every 22days and I haven't had period but having light brownish or light red discharge when I wipe What is my risk of pregancy when I switch the pill to a different brand with different hormones. Medicare costs Been on birth control for four months, showing signs of being pregnant. Could I be pregnant? On birth control for three months but continues bleeding for all three months could there be something wrong? Can Macrids (NitroFurantoin) cause a woman to miss her period? How much more does a girl grow physically in height after she starts her period I'm almost 19 and my period has never regulated. I generally get it every 2 to 4 months, should I be worried? Possibility of pregnancy or just paranoid? Terrified, please help  why would a woman have her period after not having one for 19 months Does "menopause" mean one year after the last FULL period? Or does spotting count too? blister on viginal area I'm pregnant but if I wasn't, I would've started my period 12/6. I started bleeding fairly heavy on 12/7 and still am. If I have unprotected sex on the 13th and my period is due to arrive on the 14th can I still become pregnant?  what does it mean when you are getting you period every two weeks and its bright red I am 16 days late for my period and at 14 days late I had a light pink discharge but still no period. Early pregnacncy? i had a leep done one nov 26/13 i am still bleeding.seems like a reg period. im 53 years old Safe to skip period on Lutera? Sleep Apnea dark brown spotting and odor my period is late and i am having pressure down there could i be pergnant?  I am about 23 days late for my period. I also been itching a lot down below and have cramps. What can be the issue? Can my girlfriend be pregnant? Been on my period for more then 7 days should i be worried Am I pregnant or not am i pregnant? here is my story. Could i be pregrant? Should I stop birth control now? Can I get my period while pregnant? Could I be pregnant experiencing slight lighter period ending in dark red blood cramping and bloating on last day? weird Heavy bleeding after period ended. This is the third month i have had my period and i only have blood clots when i use the bathroom when on my period.  The first day of my last period was 10/31/13 and still no period and took preg test t was negative. What does this mean? Plan B pill. Bleeding. Should I be concerned? What causes vaginal dryness in women age 45 i had one ovary removed...... will i still get my period Progestion only pills. How likely will I get pregnant? Depo shot causing heavy periods. A month after second shot was when the heavy bleeding started.  Could I be pregnant even though I'm on birth control and have NOT missed any periods? Am I pregnant? I havent had my period since the end of August. I usually don't get my period for many months at a time.  Which birth control is best for me? Want No period, Am breastfeeding, have low sex drive, long term preference I got my period but it was 3 days late. Is there a chance I could be pregnant? can i get birth control early? bright red bleeding about 1 week before my period. Not alot to fill a pad mostly on tissue and in the toliet. My period used to be 6 days of bleeding. Starting heavy and ending light. Now it's only 3 to 4 days.  My last period was Dec 1st, I had sex during my ovulation times the 14th-17th.. When should I test? The first day of my last period was 11/22/13. Is it too soon to take a pregnancy test? will my period stop from one month to another, but still have craps.  I havent had a period in 3 months but dont feel sick what can be wrong Tubal reversal was a month ago, 1 period since, now I'm 4 days late, 2 negative test. What should I do? Is there any way I can treat my extreme menstrating? Also, is there a name for it?  I'm 42 and my periods are irregular, is it possible for me to get pregnant? I'm trying to concieve. My period was late, now I'm spotting with cramps for several days. Is this normal? Negative test zpak for bronchitis, then methylprednisolone for lasting symptoms...period for 9 days, still coughing Irregular Menstural Cycle for 2 months - PCOS or Morning after Pill? period concerns dates started in dec 2013 1st-8th, 14th-23rd and now 28th  Pregnancy after nuvaring? What is the first day of a period/ menstral cycle? could my abnormal menstual cycle be hindering conception? missed birth control pills! missed period cramping! But negative test! could i be pregnant? I started my period a week ago. I never bleed the whole week,But today i started bleeing agina. Should i be worried? For two years I took my BC at 1:00 exactly. today, the last pill before placebos, I took it ten min late. Is that ok? period was on Dec. 17th..ovulation Dec. 31st had sex on Dec. 26th and 29th what are chances of pregnancy? Vaginal itching on the outside I started bleeding when I was to ovulate. We still tried, but am now having clear discharge, but too soon to test @ home Have been taking Depo Vera Preg Shot for 10 years, stoped taking the shot 9 months ago How long will it take to get preg Recently had unprotected sex on the last day of my period and now im experiencing painful cramps is that normal? worried age 56 have not had a period in 5 years last week tender breasts and now bloody vaginal discharge and cramping what can cause flesh like discharge while on my period after intercourse Unusual cramping. Help! i had a period nov 1. On Nov 30 i had another period that was about normal as the Nov. 1, but i havent had one since.  Is pregnancy possible if you start a period 19 hours after sex? Bearing in mind that the period was about a week early. Is gaining weight and hemorroids a sign of menopause? Is it likely to be pregnant after Plan B pill and two regular periods? I'm on birth control and I started my period when I still had 2 dark blue 1's left always start after I take white ones Okay I'm gonna give all the details because I'm freaking out and I just need answers. My last period was Nov 8. I took two HPT that were negative. Could I still be pregnant? Hi, I,m 42 and my periods have been regular. My last period was November 25, 2013 when should I take a pregnancy test? I started taking the pill this month I'm starting my 4thwk today. Is it safe to start a new pack and not get my period? What could cause me to have two periods within a couple days apart for the last two months?  i know this is a dumb question, but im gonna ask it anyways. can i still ovulate if my tubes are tied, cut and burnt? Period problem: has 1-2 days where I don't bleed and then it's back for weeks at a time! Husband had vasectomy w/2 neg samples. Period is late. Can vas reconnect w/2 neg samples post-op? my boyfriend ejackulated in me four days before my period, is it possible I am pregnant? how often should you poop?  can I be pregnant? I take birth contorl and have never had problems with my periods until now. I have two periods a month! My period was 4 days early last month and now two weeks later am cramping. I have never had ovulation cramps and am 33. why do i have bad cramps and no perid for two years Am I Pregnant ? Is it normal for me to have a brown, vaginal discharge for over a week and before my period? Am I Pregnant ? can i workout during period? What are the chance of becoming pregnant having unprotected sex one day before my fertile window and 5 days before ovu? am i pregnant  Pregnant one month after being off birth control? We had sex the day after my period,is it possible to be pregnant? Does using monisat 3 delay your period Can my girlfriend be pregnant?  I need a real doctor's advice, will she be pregnant? is it dangerous to get pregnant while taking Yaz contaception Ive had my period for about 3years now, and it's always normal, except for now its 2 weeks late. Im not sexually active. Help for depression when medications of several kinds have not helped. 5 year battle and am getting tired. missed birth control, could i be pregnant? Can this cause pregnancy? can losing over a gallon of blood cause a skipped period? Can a home pregnancy test be positive before you miss a period?  I am 47 and haven't had a period since Dec. 2012. I recently had one that lasted 5 days. Should I be concerned? What my chance of being pregnant after 3 failed home test although I'm 5 days late on my irregular period? My period was due 1/11/14 on 1/15/14 i was spotting this pinkish color with very little red slime. whats wrong? the first day of my last period was 12/13/13, when can i take a HTP? if i am 8 days late on my period when would be a good time to take an HPT? does batrum affect your perid? im 12 days late for my period. i HPT and it was negative. could it be too early? Is it true that you get your period the first month of being pregnant? Do I need to see a fertility doctor? I had unprotect sex in Dec 20th 2013. My period come on Jan 10th to 14th 2014. I want to know if I am pregnant?  I have been in menopause for 9yrs so why am I getting stomach cramps? I'm healthy, 51 y.o who's gone over a year w/o a period 3 times, each time with 1 "normal" period. How common is this? Haven't had a period for 6 months now it's on, what's going on? I have the Mirena IUD Can I get pregnant if I have sex 10 weeks after giving birth. My last period began january 4 and ended on the 10. could i be pregnant I'm a teenager, I've never had sex and my period comes every other year. Unprotected sex!!! could i be pregnant?? Had sex 2 months ago, didn't cum and got my period last month.but my period didnt come this month. could I be pregnant? 51 yr have not had a period in 2 yrs diabetic having a period with cramps is this normal I experience extreme sadness and anxiety after my period. Is this normal? I am currently on the pill, Camrese When should i start re-taking my birth control Is the PCOS affect the sexual interest for womens? pain and pressure when insurting a tampon my period is 3 weeks late and i feel bloated, could i be pregnant? what does a period that lasts two months mean? PMS. I feel the symptoms but there is not period blood or brown discharge, what's going on? Could I be pregnant? periods 3 1/2 weeks late took 2 hpt both negative. whats wrong? I am 16 and had my first period when I was 12 but I have not had a period in 2 years. What could cause this? what can cause a light menstral cycle? what can cause the blood to be very light in color? I'm overweight and I have a period maybe once or twice a year can I still get pregnant and I'm over 30 Does starting your period make having a cold go away? i had unprotected sex 2 days before i was to start my period My bf did ejaculate in me 6 days late now can i be pregnant Should I take emergency contraception or is it too late? Is there a chance that I could be or get pregnant? What are the side effects of gastritis drugs Why wont this period end? im 15 years old and have been on my period for 15 day is something wrong i do have irregular periods How early can I test to see if I am pregnant, before missed period? Well I had my period on the 6th of January and I'm on the pill but I restarted on the 1st of this month. I've been on birth control for 10+ years. I want to ttc but my period is now irregular. How can I regulate my period? What can cause a woman not to get pregnant if she has a normal period every month and a normal pap smear? I have regular, heavy periods. I get fresh red spotting a week after my period ends for a few days. What could this be? Peroid is 9 days late. 3 tests taken and all negative. Started bleeding yesterday. Any ideas why? is it normal to miss A period since being off depo for a year I've had two preg ending in mc. I feel like I might be pregnant. I have had increased sense of smell and been moody am I Took Provera shot. Month and half later had period. Then sever abdominal pain. Had "thing" come out. Still on period What is my chance of ever getting pregnant? I have missed by periods by 10 days and haven't got the period yet. HPT done two days before came negative. Pregnant? One day late period; Sick during ovulation, Had protected sex once. Am i just late or pregnant? Help please I took Emkit (emergency contraceptive pill) Levonorgestrel 0.75mg 48 hours after unprotected sex. How effective is pill I need a recommendation on the type of doctor to see. My primary care phycisian is not very good. I had sex on first week JAN, did not ejaculate inside of her, cpl days later she got her period like normal? i am 19, and i haven't seen a regular period should I be worried? I got a tubal done 6 years ago and i haven't had a period do to being on depo.now I've came on in Nov,Dec ,and Jan.  I have been bleeding for a year. Will progesterone reverse my cycle? Scared to take it again because its wat started it? can we have sex after missing periods? about 5 days?  Could i be Pregnant? Is there a time period before Xanax begins to start working? Or does it immediately absorb in the system and takes days? Been having oderless white discharge with no odor combined with abdominal cramps, lower back pain, and nausea. Been having oderless white discharge with no odor combined with abdominal cramps, lower back pain, and nausea. I'm currently breastfeeding my year old daughter but we are teying to get pregnant why haven't I been able to xoncieve brownish color in period? if my webmd calender said i had an expected period today the 2/13/2013 and did not come could it mean am pregnant? Had an abortion 4 days ago. The next day I was fine, but since then I've been in agony, getting worse and worse. Normal? What causes missed periods? Horrible periods - anxiety, diarehha, nausea, and cramps. Please help! does spermicidal condoms highers my chances of preventing pregnancy if something leaked during anal sex? percentage? how to get periods after stopping the pills Going to start a new pack of pills but I haven't had my period I took a pregnancy test, it was negative, whats going on? I was spotting for a week with some red and brown discharge and it was only when i wiped. My 22 year old daughter: No period in 5 months; skin rashes on chest and back; staph infections MRSA; weight loss I have abnormal bleeding while using Nuva ring. I have been bleeding for over a week. What could it be? missed 2 pills in a row got my period a few days later is there a possibility of still getting pregnant? I have irregular period but could I be pregnant ? Have irregular periods but can I be pregnant ? My periods are delayed by 20 days this month and now the blood is giving a very foul odour. Why is that? What do I do?" Can i get pregnant from useing my bros razor? had unprotected sex. chances of pregnancy... urgent how fast does the depot- shot work? How long does it take the depo-provera to be in effect Can u get pregnant wild your.onyour period. could i have gotten pregnanty on my period? is it possible to get pregnant on your period? Could I be pregnant?  Is it normal to have a heavy menstrual period wiih clots for 16 + days  Can the blood be to thick to start a period? how soon after pregnancy do you start your period? Missed period please help do I need a pregnancy test? 6 days late bruising much easier than before, with little contact. 17 y.o. female. please help!  Can you start your period early if you forget your birth control pill for 4 days? I havent gotten my period in 2 months ! If I dont get it for a third month should i go see my doctor? 9 days late on period with negative pregnancy test, Could I be pregnant or could it be something else?? what could happen when you will a month of birthconrol pills ? Will stretching the throat by endoscopy help get rid of thrush?  My period is 7 days late...no sign of bleeding...when should I take a test? i havent gotten my period in over 2 months and not sure why ? Also, havent had sex, either. My period came late and then was a lot shorter than usual. Been feeling tired, nauseous, and sore. Could I be pregnant? Am I pregnant? its been like 50 days since my last period.Im an irregular.Until now there isnt any sign of blood at all. Ive been unable to keep food or liquids down for almost a month I'm vegetarian. I get a lot of headaches and I am tired all the time, especially when menstruating. Is this anaemia? I keep getting pain in my hip when I sit to long or when I drive. Sometimes it shots down my leg.  After just foreplay i started bleeding,couple of days after there is brownie,stodgy looking discharge? Best explanation? can i take a pregnancy test before my next period? What could cause my period to be heavy, lasts only 3 to 4 days, and happen about every 2 1/2 weeks? Severe cramping, hot flashes, and short periods since ectopic pregnancy and tube removal. Could this be early menopause? how often should my 12 year old have her period? My nipples are super sensitive and sore. What ALL can cause that? How do you know if you miscarried early in the pregnancy? what could cause a woman to miss a period I have had two c sections, I am only 21. My scar is painful to the touch and numb in some places.  If you were on your period and took a pregnancy test, would it effect the readings? Ok I took a clear blue test it was negative. I havent had a miss period, but have all pregnancy symtoms. I have on going abdominal pain, what could it be?  had protected sex and condom broke. im on birth control and got period 2 days later. could i become pregnant? My birth control stops me from getting my period, do I still ovulate? am i pregnant? can cranberry juice look like blood in urine...having consumed a lot of it in a short period of time? Is it safe to drink if I am trying to conceive but got my period? Im 17 with no breast development or period but do have discharge 8 months without a period, and very active 10-20 days after first day of period. When should I take a pregnancy test?  GF started her period on Wednesday. Got depo provera shot on Thursday. Had unprotected sex on the following Monday. Major surgery whilst depressed. Is it ok to do - is recovery time affected?  is it my medication or am i pregnant Is there a better chance to get pregnant on your period i take junel fe almost every day. had unprotected sex once i started placebos havent gotten period in 5 days since. Late period  Is it normal to get multiple periods after stopping breast feeding? could i or the person i'm with be infertile? Why do I bleed during sex if I m not on my period and my OGYN check only produced a yeast infection, which is cleared. Can a yeast infection prevent your period? I had a partcial Hysterectomy. I still have my ovaries is it normal to still get a period. Plan B One Step couple days before period could my girlfriend be pregnant ? Problem of swelling in feet and ankles.  Period bleeding a little have not initial bleeding yet. Can not be pregnant. Whats going on? :( With lung disease, can you use in-home supplemental oxygen for short periods before you go to work/ when you get home? I was 2 months late for my period, I finally started the other day but now ive been on it for 11 days is vertigo an allergy symptom Im 16. Female. Im having severe pain in my right ovary i havent had a period in 3months. Im not pregnant.Help? I'm 7 days late for period and got a faint second line on pregnancy test this morning. I'm i pregnant or not? I am 6 days late , no periods ,cramps but negative pregnancy test. Could I be pregnant? Can you ovulate immediately after your period? My period is a week late but the pregnancy tests are negative. Could I be pregnant? Is it normal for a teen to only have her period every 4-6 months. Can you lose the lining of your uterus and not be on your period?  irregular, short lasting periods with intense beginnings My breasts are sore In dec. when ovulating I had sex. I was 5 days late but not pregnant. This month it happened again. What is going on? a week after my last period i had spotting along with cramping. could i be pregnant? I am 49, I stopped having periods Oct 2012 and my Dr. says my uterine lining is think  I am 49, I stopped having periods Oct 2012 and my Dr. says my uterine lining is thick (correction to previous post) I am 27 years old experiencing hot flashes headaches abnormal menstrual periods bloated lower abdomen pelvic pain My last period was on 3/13/2014. today its 4/11/2014. When will be the best time to go for a pregnancy test? what if test is negitive but still no period If a tampon has been in for about more than a week and the only symptoms due to this is really bad odor.  Plan B contreceptive?  Ok, Had unprot. sex took plan b had unprot. Sex again but came on period on time. Week after I've been experiencing pain Foods are having weird tastes could I be pregnant  What happens with Total liver failure? Can a severe anxiety/ panic attack affect your speech for a short period of time. When I talk my speech is off.  Bloating in uterus area I accidently took Tuesday and Wednesday pill on tuesday (because i thought it was wednesday) Could I be pregnant During my menstruation I get skin like discharges, is that normal?  I'm 20 and I've missed a period. Is that normal? Is this normal for after a miscarriage?? Will I ever get back to my normal period again? Help!! Is it necessary to have medication or any surgery after having miscarriage of about 3/4 weeks pregnancy? Why are my nipples tender? When I lay down,sit or stand for a period of time, my back hurts really bad.. the pain goes to my legs as well. I have one purple nipple. It's acts weird. I am 16 Im late on my period, could i be pregnant? Can I be pregnate? The day after my period ended, I had sex with my bf, he inserted his penis for a minute before putting condom on.  im 25 cant get pregnant for the past 3 years. no period since 10 Dec. 2013. pregnancy test says negative. what can i do? I had sex for the first time w/new hubby and have not had my period for 45 days. Pregancy test was negative. Normal/no? im 25 trying to get pregnant for the past 3 years. havnt had period since Dec 10 2013 test pregnancy test shows negative My period isn't due for 14days and now i have a thin white milky discharge and i had sex on two of my high fertility day If a person stop taking risperidal on their own after being diagnoised as being paranoid and delusional what happens my period is 13 days late, recnetly swicthed birth control. Help Prostate Massage Why am I 19 and still haven't had a period?! i have a stinging feeling when i pee and i also have been lightly spotting and clotting i am due for my period soon I used to catch colds very frequently. 6 years ago, it suddenly stopped, and I haven't caught one since. Is it normal ? My husband and I have been trying to get pregnant and I out of nowhere started a period, could i be miscarrying? i havnt had my period for 4months now is there something wrong with me. already took test not prego I had unprotected sex, i took Plan B and now i have my "period" 2 weeks early and its lighter then usual. Am i pregnant? Will heroin show up during fertility blood work? I'm having cycle day 3 blood work, prenatial pannel, and genetics. Is it dangerous for a woman to use birth control over age 40? What's wrong with me I'm scarred.. If I had unprotected sex and then got my period three days later, could I still be pregnant? why is my anti-depressant/anxiety medication not working when I am on my period? how do my hormones affect the drug? What does it mean when your period blood is brown and not red Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding Started period 25th, not due till the 2nd, and only lasted 3days instead of 5. Negative test. Could i be pregnant? Help please.. I am 27 and i had a pomeroy tubal ligation almost five years ago . what are my chances of it failing and pregnancy? what does it mean when you have your period 2 weeks early Missed my period and am not pregnant could gonorrhea be the cause I have had my period for almost 3 weeks. Not normal for me. No insurance. What can I do? I been on the depo shot for 4 months and been bleeding for 3 im 25 almost 26 ive not had a period since this past dec 6 months maybe I had an abortion about a year ago, and ever since, I have experienced extreme vomiting at the start of every period. Can a womans period raise blood sugar Does sex change our period cycle? Or could I be pregnant? my period end last April 25, we made sex on may 2 and 3,is there a possibilty to get pregnat?  period ending at 19. Is that a problem?  I have been on the depo I didnt go back in December. I had my first period in March one in April where is Mays period? missed period really bad cramps but no period an i keep having to burp could i be pregant? Shahjibazar Power Co. Ltd. IPO Had an abortion on Apr 11 and had unprotected sex on Apr 18. No periods as of may 09, want to know if pregnant again curtainly taking Gabapentin, For nerve pain. What if any are the side effects of taking this medication long term. I finished my period over a week ago, 3 days later I started to spot and going on 6 days, increasing amounts is this ok On Lo loestrin fe, is it normal to miss periods 5 months in a row? how to deal with vaginal odor after period. Yesterday and today i noticed small traces of brownish blood in my underwear and when i go to the bathroom Why is my period not stopping? Is it too early to take a home pregnancy test? dry humping with clothes on can lead to pregnancy?  periods late by two weeks, test was negative, had unprotected sex in fertile window, when should i take another test? My erection has become hard and uncomfortable. It seems to be a side effect of Concerta pills. How can I restore it? is th time period to catch a STD always 14 days for a male should i take a pregnancy test?  if you have been bleeding since december and your energy keeps diminishing should you go to the doctors? Can i get Pregnant with anal sex? 43 yrs my last period was 4- 7 -14. it was due again on 5- 2 -14. took a preg test, it was neg. is this menopause? started my period the 14 went till half way through the16 then the bleeding stopped but i started again having sex today I got my period hours after having unprotected sex, Do i still need to take the plan B pill if i got my period already? taking the pill but skipped sugar week and went straight to next pack(1st time) sexually active pregnancy test negative What's going on? I have some blood fall after period for 12 days or after I have sex for 2 days, so what's wrong with me? I have these severe pain on my right side every month i have my period, what causes that? I have had my last period on 15th April. Had unprotected sex on 5th very early morning. Have I conceived? I stopped take birth control, I haven't got my period since February. pregnancy test I take is negative, is this normal? can anti thyroid drugs such as methimazole (that's what I am taking) keep me from becoming pregnant can a woman with regular periods have ovulation signs and not release a mature egg every month?  Last DP shot was 2 yrs ago but I am still having irregular peroids.My current has been on for 17 days now, Whats wrong? My semen analysis can uterus polyps contribute to repeated bacterial vaginosis? I just had a baby a year ago n my period is usually late how do you know if you are pregnant again I almost never get my period- it's been almost 2 years. On pill, recently sex. active WITH condoms, but no period in 2mo. 4 neg preg tests over 6wks. Worried could be pregnant I'm not on my period. But I've been getting really bad pains that I thought were cramps but they feel even worse .  My last period was 3/16/14 and I haven't had one since; I took a test in April, but it wag neg. Should I test again? Do you think I have a std? Please answer I'm really worried Bloody stool help? on the patch, but this is my off week or period week but I am not on my period my boyfriend ejacqulated in me.pregnant ? I got my period while doing sex on aprl 28th.im having menstrual pains bt i didn't get period till now..am i pregnant? I got my tubes tied after my 3rd child. Its been 2 years now. I have had my period every 28 days for 6 days. My period is one week late but i have no pregnancy /sysmptoms whatsoever, though i am sexually active. What to do When is my period due? When can do I take a Pregnancy test? My 1st day of last period was 30th April.The next period date was 25th May.l missed that.When I will check my pregnancy? is it ok to take allerclear non-drowsy for long periods of time say March thru September? Is light bleeding normal taking hrt post menopause? What could cause severe pain during your period when you have to have a bowel movement?  How soon will I ovulate after I've stopped using birth control? Can I be pregnant? due for my period 2 days ago. This past week I was nauseous in the morning, stomach feels crampy/bloated, negative test Is it normal for a woman to not have a period in 3 months and not be pregnant? Is it normal for a woman to not have a period in 3 months and not be pregnant? I am currently 98 days late for my period. 6 negative HPTs. With hormonal symptoms. Could I still be pregnant? Bleeding for 20 days after trying to skip period with ortho tri cyclen,  Can you get pregnant the day after your period? My period is now going on 3 weeks long. This is after not being on my period for 3 months.  Today I have period. But it should happen on 25th May.today is 4th June.  Can you get pregnant in a shower if a guy jerks off with one hand,washes hands, then fingers you with the other? How do I change my cycle to be during the week and not b on weekends? Been on BC for 6 yrs I've missed my period was in april this is june and still no period i took a test last week negitive had anal sex with a girl tht take glucocorticoid which makes her unfertial i fear she still pregnant im i just worryin  how much blood means i'm pregnant? am i too big too soon? What happens to a women's body over 45 years old My period has lasted 5 1/2 weeks; I'm on BCP (Previfem) - what could the problem be? No missed pills. bleeding 2 weeks after period. no pregnancy symptoms. just got off bc after period. am i pregnant or is my cycle off? I didnt get my period this is the second one i missed and i am a virgin so cant be pregnent Could i still be pregnant? What is a yeast-like infection prior to menstrating? why am I unsucessful in TTC? I am not suppose to get my period for 12 days but I started bleeding during sex. Bright red with pain My period was 8 days late and i was having pregnancy symptoms. then i had an extremely light and abnormal period. can you work out when you have your period Pregnant from no intercourse?? I have had deep dull pain in my back, left shoulder blade towards middle and middle of my chest and below my breasts. could i get pregnant? could i be pregnant? The morning after a visitor was in my home with sepsis, I woke up with a boil on my inner thigh? what can be used to delay periods and for how long? Been having stomach pains , but my period isn't up til the end of June , on birth control but sometimes I take it late Xanax withdrawals - bad - how to cope or help with them breastfeeding and supplementing with formula... had regular periods pp.. but now 19 days late and -ve pregnancy test Is it good for your body to constantly change from cold temperatures of 70* to hot temperatures of 100* every 3 hours? Can smoking on Implanon cause a period? -and- If I have lengthy/bad periods now, will my next implant be the same/worse? My vaginal discharge is yellow,without odor or itching.I am virgin and I take Yasmin for my PCOD.what is my problem? i feel pregnat. I look it to. but I keep testing negative. last time I was 11 wks didnt know and lost it a week later. I had unprotect sex my period was 11 days late, I had some light bleeding that lasted day, could I still be pregnant?  had an uh oh moment 5/19/14 . period came same day . would a positive test show by June 19? Period started may 26, it ended may 31. I had sex june 3 my period app said my high fertility day was june 5th pregnant? I had all symptoms of ovulation 2/3 days after my period, is it possible? My period is late. I'm safely sexually active. With condoms and even pulling out while also using one. Taking biotin. I am on the birth control seasonique, i should have started today but i didn't. Is it to early to take a prenancy test. I have egg white cervical mucus the day my period is due, is this normal? It has never hppened before to me. Missed Period by 3 weeks.  Can you get pregnant if you have sex 9 days before your period Started my period for two day then it stoped for two days and now it has started again whats going on I am a 32 yr old female. Husband and I are trying to get pregnant. Ovulating this week. I've been having to pee a lot.  After 1st pack of combined birth control pills I waited 6 days and 14 hours to have unprotected sex should I use EC Why would I have my period for 3 weeks? My n/p is 7 days, but i had a pd 1 month strght, unpro-sex the day after. Can i still get prego? Next pd? prego tst? Hello, I'm 14 and I'm a virgin. I didn't have my period this past month. I also have a yeast infection. What's going on? is it common to fail a pregnancy test yet be pregnant? What can cause 3 periods in one month? Depo stopped 5 months ago. Cycle returned for 2 months. Then missed 2 months. Pregnancy test negative. Confused. low ab. cramping after period, moody, constipation, random exhaustion, 3 periods 1 month time pee often alot to little can i get pregnant if he ejaculated on my vagina? I have sharp burning pain in my right buttock. I can't sit for long periods of time. Had unprotected outercourse on the first day of my last period. My period's 3 days late. Could I be pregnant? i am 4 days late, home pregnancy test said i was not pregnant what does this mean. still dont have my preiod. can you have pregnancy symptoms early as 3 days taking pill for 3 years. No placebo, pills taken properly. spotting almost the whole time. why? Could my girlfriend get pregnant if the small amount of semen i had on my hand made contact with the vulva?  Could my girlfriend get pregnant if the small amount of semen i had on my hand made contact with the vulva?  Is it okay to start and stop Birth Control pills periodically? 33 yr old husband and I trying to conceive. Having to pee a lot and my breast have been very tender for about 2 weeks.  How long after Mirena insertion can you have unprotected sex? Is it safe to miss a period for a year? brownish black light discharge negative pregnancy test  My period is only light brown discharge. 37 year old woman with PCOS after IUD removal? Could my girlfriend be pregnant? How early is too early for an accurate test? Is spotting after a week late a good sign? Is there any way to reduce period flow without going on the pill? can u ovualate with no period if haven't had period n over 1 year then have sex last nite then period this morning is that normal.. i had intercourse with 2 men Had sex 1x each day for week. Got period day after this week. Could I be pregnant? is she pregnant ? need help Can someone get pregnant even if you had intercourse and immedietley you receive your periods after three days of sex? If you had sex 3 weeks before your period, if you have your period could you still be pregnant? I am on the pill. I missed my last period, am now on day 17, and just had a little bit of spotting. Could I be pregnant? had a period in april, spotted may, no period june and nothing for july yet. took a hpt 2wks ago negative. pregnant? Been on birth control for almost a year but I've been having pregnancy symptoms? Why am I spotting constantly? Am I Pregnant? Strange Period!! HELP ME! My husband and I want a baby so bad and I need advice! Swollen cliterous Am I still pregant ? I am 36 yr old female and i keep getting hot flashes and sick to my belly after my period and before Is it possible to go undiagnosed for years?  Hi I have never had a period and I just started on the birth control progestrin and I've had the worst cramps what to do period in june n in july spotting 3 negative tests but all symptoms possible pregnant I had one shot of depo prover in February it stopped may 12 I had a normal  was on depo for 3 months 1 shot had a pd June 1 to June7 June19started spotting brown til June28 no pd yet Watvcan it b Do not have diabetes but do have passing out moments. Does early mens means early menopause too? Does early mens means early menopause too? My period is 14 days late I'm having multiple symptoms such as nausea,fatigue,light cramps but negative test today help? I've been in my period for 4 months straight now. Please help me how often can a person have a CT myelogram? last 2 months my periods were cut short. this month didnt get it. 3 HPT r neg. Pregnant? can i get pregnant if my tube was tie i got my period for 2 day Can you become pregnant even if you took the morning after pill and had a very light period after? Can taking antibiotics for a long period of time cause an elevated A1C result? What are the effects of inhaling isopropanol vapors for an extended period of time? Can you have twins after a skipped period? 2 or 3 days before period due date, when a women starts feeling PMS, doing unprotective sex can cause pregnancy ? Period is 15 days early AND heavy Never had sex never had my 1st period but have a feeling of fullness in my lower abdomen is sex in the ocean safe ?? also is the ocean safe if yout on your period I had sex 4 days before period My period came 2weeks late it was heavy with clots for three days and light. Pregnant?  i saw my last periods on 24th june. had sex the20th july. now my periods 6 days late. am i pragnant. Had sex 7days b4 period. Brown discharge 19 days later. Now no period could i be Pregnant? Does sperm or semen have health benefits if one does not masturbate or have sexual intercourse with his partner for long will switching from IUD to oral birth control cause me to skip periods? why is bladder leaking when wearing tampon im 40yrs old.ive missed 2 straight periods.ive never been regluar.i have no symtoms of menopause..... What can I do for my bow legs as a 16 year old girl? I am 48 and take depo provera and I have no periods. How will i know if i am going through menopause? Itchy labia folds, but not itchy vaginal opening. Per my OBGYN not STD, Bacterial, or Yeast infection. What else? Have taken two pregnancy test both light positive now bleeding and cramping like a period am I pregnant? i havent had a period for over a year and am in menopause but i still have my iud in. is this dangerous constipation for 2 months, weightloss everywhere except stomach, fruit only diet for 2 weeks with no change. Why is my period 4 days late?  I'm late and took three pregnancy all negative, yet no period this month. Should I wait another week to take one ? How long does cramping in early pregnancy last?im 5 weeks and I'm still cramping like my period is coming! Is it normal I got my period a week early the day after sex? Why have i had no periods for months? I was put on birth control too help my periods, my doctor told me not too eat bread,pasta or taters. Why??  I had unprotected sex and he ejaculated inside of me it was three days AFTER my period could I be pregnant? No bc can i be pregnant even with spotting Why do my ovaries hurt? Am I pregant ok i ran out of birth controll for a week and was on my period and i had sex could i be pregnante ? What orange period blood mean? Test was negative for pregnant. Could it be pregnant? Misscarriage, then period exactly a month later, and now no period after 3 months? Only spotting/discharge after provera? (trying to get period) I'm on birth control and missed my period on the inactive pills. My bf ALWAYS uses a condom. Could I be pregnant? Three week period! (URGENT) What are the chances of being pregnant? And when did conception occour or when will it if it hasn't already? is ED a side effect of gabapentin My 19 year old friend, who has regular periods otherwise, had her periods after two weeks this time. Is this a problem? Reinserted Implanon has caused me to have double periods, why has it happened?  blister on pensi head Took the pill on the wrong day should I start again? First time taking birth control but period is late and unprotected sex, am I pregnant? can seisure medication along with birth control stop your periods ? Can Corticosteroid Injections into Shoulder / joints for pain cause heavy and long bleeding cycle for menstural cycle? can you get pregnant during the first two or three days of the fertile stage Can you get pregnant at 43 with a prolapsed uterus?  Took plan b because of the possibility of precum on the condom. Got two periods since (June 25). Pregnant? I started bleeding on the 4th an last for 2 days my period isn't due tell the 10th still nothing and it's the 13th why  Is it normal to miss period for 60 days due to HIIT workout and will it affect me  Could I be pregnant? started feeling symptoms b4 i got my period in july and after. took 2 tests and they were + I have symptoms of pregnancy but I haven't had sex in 2 months and still get my period. Should I take a test? Bleeding after sex but haven't had a period in years because of my IUD. Shoulda I see my OB? my menstrual cycle has lasted for 3 months and still going. I also have large blood clots Am I pregnant or is it side effects from my birth control Missed period 3 days after sex? My cycle is getting longer, pain during sex, and ovarian pain. Orange period blood what stage is Cirrhosis of the Liver when the person becomes delusional ? Is it possible my girlfriend is pregnant? My girlfriend is on birth control and had a 2 day period, could she be pregnant? Can exercise delay a period?(20 days late). Past 2months Ive been running everyother day/exercising 30 min every night I'm on my period and I was fingered by a man 10 minutes after he came on his hands. Prengancy? Should I get Plan b? I am 53, I was on depo for 5 ys and never had a period, I went off the shot and now its been a yr and still no period. Last period was on 17july.I had spotting with pain on 6aug before my period to start.Now 3 days due for my period. If you think you may be at Perimenopause stage - when should you see a doctor? could i be pregnant I started Microgestin 1/20 on day 1 of my period. Am I protected right away even if I didn't bleed that much on day 1? stringy brown and clear discharge What is the best way to delay my period? what can cause bleeding during intercourse? I have not had a period this month and I been bleeding only during intercour what does two day period indicate while trying to conceive and yet my regular period is for five days How long until I can have unprotected sex if I took a 6 week break from my birth control pills, due to antibiotics? Was it a miscarriage, if there was a lot of bleeding and something jelly like when using the restroom to change her pad? within what period of time can you develope Carpal Tunnel? Does this accure over the years or maybe just within hours? Every month I have a very heavy period for 2 days. Day 3 no bleeding. Day 4-7 I never know when I will spot or start. My breast are itching like crazy and sore have milk in them havent had a period can this be a sogn of pregnancy I haven't had my period but my body feels different.I have most symptoms. It has been 2 1/2 weeks since i had sex. HELP is it normal to not get your period on the implanon Should I be worried about non-iron deficient anemia and enlarged uterus? spotting? What do I have? Is it true that if a woman handles raw meat while on her period, it will spoil faster? Can i get pregnant if i have sex while I'm on my period did i have a miscarriage? I had sex august 23rd, three days before my fertle window, can I be pregnant, he pulled out and cummed then put back in i think i am pregnant Am I pregnant Could my period be 2 weeks early? Or is it something else? Can stress cause pregnancy symptoms? I had my period 2 weeks ago and I started bleeding yesterday but it comes and goes away. What does that mean?  After years of no period due to the Depo Vera vaccine, I suddenly recieved one. Is the vaccine still effecting me? Im 14 Years old and just started my period August 1st, 2014. why do i have absouletuly no breast development at all?  can you get pregnant on the pill if you been taking it for 6 months? Pregnant with tampon in Why is my vagina opening grey?  I began a new pill 1 month ago yet I'm having a normal period. I haven't missed a pill. Is this normal? Am I protected? I have PCOS! Can my boyfriend ejaculate inside of me?????? How can I tell between a yeast infection or vaginal allergic reaction why do my breast nipples stay hard and sore I have been having pregnancy symptoms for over a month now,then i had my period shorter days than the usual. I'm on birth control (Minastrin) and I think I might be pregnant... Is it ok to wear tampons with a continuous period of 3 or more months? Having irregular periods. Trying for my first child. Been taking prenatal to help. But nothing seems to help. Help? Can my 11year old have a period for a day I am a day late on my period. I have all the usual symptoms I took the pack 2 day late and was late on 1 pill, pregnant? Is i safe to continue my birth control if I think I may be pregnant? Why are my breasts so sore Been on birth control for 5 yrs and now 4 two years I've had the birth control implant no period 4 yrs till today why Is it ok to wear tampons for 3 months? WIFE'S (AGE 46)PERIOD IS GOING ON 3 WKS.LOTS OF DISCHARGE AND VERY SMELLY AND NOT LIKE FRESH DISCHARGE. WHAT IS IT? Late period, swollen (not sore boobs), frequent urination (but believe UTI), finally day 12 light red/brown blood, preg? I'm spotting with cramps, just finished my period though. What's going on What would cause a regular period with a cycle of 4 months to occur? brown in color, on the pill but planned parenthood told her it was the lack of good bacteria. True? IS IT NORMAL TO GOT BLEEDING PERIOD AT AGE 70? how do i know if i am pregenant My 13 year old daughter is going on her 4th week of her period. is this normal? No period, Negative pregnancy test I miscarried 2-1/2 months ago. I've had 1 regular period, but since my 2nd I haven't stopped spotting in 1-1/2 weeks. why did i spot for a week and bleed for a day but never really started my peroid When did I most likey have sex to become pregnant? Missed period 7weeks, foot and ankles are swelling and back pain On birth control, got period mid cycle, and now I haven't had my period? Why am I not menstruating? Got off bc pill I had no period.Last month I was put on provera and had normal flow. Next month I only spotted one day? Can you get pregnant on the 6th day of cycle, even after using emergency contraceptive pill? How heavy should I bleed after getting the Mirena IUD inserted?  I have chronic pain a couple days before and after my period which leaves me nearly immobile. Would hysterectomy help? last period was july21st had hsg july 30th why didnt i have a next period till september 3rd I have a marble sized inflamed bump between my anus and vagina (to the right.) Hi Its my first month on Aubra what if your period doesn't arrive by the the first day of the last week of the pills? Is it my baby ? Hello, my periods are late by 2 and half months, i have pcod.Tried home pregnancy tests but got the results as negative. If I have a very irregular period and have no idea when my period should start, when should I take a pregnancy test? Pregnacy test is negative but am spotting still Does repeated use of albuterol to treat an infant over a period of 8 months have long term effects on a child? i am 44 years olds missed my period a month and had my tubes cut what can it be why do my breast feel tenderness when I'm gonna start my period. It's been like that for a few months.  Condom broke during ovulation. Took Morning after pill 30 min after it happened. Pregnant? why do i have bleeding 16 days after day 1 of my period I've been experiencing bleeding in between periods and happened a couple times bleeding after sex? Taking out NuvaRing on Monday. Going on vacation next month over period. How can I delay next months period!!! ecp nordette taken 12 hrs after unpro sex pulled out 5-6 seconds before eruption a week before period (last aug 26,2014) had unprotected sex withdrawal method. ecp nordette and its a week before my expected period Periods. 1st day heavy and then 1 day spotting over the last two months. Last full- June 22nd. Had sex- June 29th.  had unprotected sex withdrawal method. ecp nordette and its a week before my expected period 2days passed no period Delay in lung cancer diagnosis..Do you think if i would of been diagnosed 6 months earlier would it made a difference Could I have an STD? Or an I just ovulating? Hello. Had unprotected sex during ovulation period. Took i-pill within 10 hours. what chances to get pregnant? Hi I am 18 and a virgin I didn't have my period this month and have never missed one since I hit puberty. Is Mirena a danger to womens health. 58 years old and had cancer but am now cancer free over 10 years. I have not had a period for 10 years and just got one.  had my period last month 3-7 this month 2-6 my fertile days were 15-20 i had unprotected sex 20-23 could I be pregnant Underarm rash during menstrual cycle i am getting my period every 2 weeks. this is abonormal for me. I had sex on a friday took plan b saturday morning and had sex again on sunday, could I be pregnant? Does long term sleep-deprivation affect brain? Is sudden intense ovulation pain normal? Could I be pregnant? last period was exactly 1 month ago......been having intercourse every night, been feeling sluggish, nauses what does it mean wheni dont get my period Could I be Preggo? on and off spotting all month I took 3 pregnancy tests and they all were negative. I feel like I have the early symptoms of pregnancy It is a week after possible conception. I am about three weeks out from my period but I am seeing early pregnancy signs. I have sore breast for 3 week and bad cramps but no period and its due come already. Could I be pregnant? My period is 3 days early with strong cramping, I never have cramps and my period is always on time what does this mean? am I pregnant? Chances of getting pregnant from precum a day after period I had gotten my period on September 16th and I still have it. What could cause me to have my period this long? What are my chances of getting pregnant if I just got over my period and had sex right away but don't have any BC pills? First Usage of Birth Control Pills - Severe cramps and discomfort First Usage of Birth Control Pills - Severe cramps and discomfort First Usage of Birth Control Pills - Severe cramps and discomfort Not getting period on Nuvaring period was supposed to start 10/5, last night and this morning light pink when i wipe. can i be pregnant ? How can I be sure I am ovulating? I tried BBT charting, but I move too much while I sleep. Any other suggestions? Continous signs of yeast infection, took disflucian before period for 4 days, then started period, and symptoms are back started my B.C. pack a week late, is this goign to affect my period, should i expect a different start day from now on? why was my period 8days late, and now very bright red, very watery and very heavy. ive been trying to conceive. I came on my period a week and half early and only lasted 3 days ?  I have not had a period in 11months. Missed period for two months and it still hasnt come for the month of October as yet. What does it means?  Hiya everyone?? sorry for all the details but i need to know the answer to this as its been worrying me this week.. The last time I saw my period was 6 weeks ago but all pregnancy test come back negative. I was on the bcp Femiane Does man have "period"? I'm 39 years old can i still get pregnant if i dont have a period Bleeding between periods. Bright red blood, much like a regular period. Not on birth control, had a tubal 4yrs ago. 27yo pregnant? I had sex in March and the condom spit . I have PCOS , taking the contraceptive pill.no bump and had periods. Will drinking parsley tea induce my period early or is this a myth? after not having a period for 1 year it just came is that normal? Could I conceive 2day before my fertile window days?  It's not immaculate conception is it? Long light period Took Plan B day after unprotected sex due to 1 missed pill, period hasn't come yet and was supposed to start 2 days ago? why hasn't my period returned after i stopped brestfeeding Blood in vaginal fluid PIC Should I be concerned? My period seems to end for about 1.5 days, and then I have another day of cramps and new bleeding. What's causing this? Is it possible my due date is not my due date ? I can feel the baby kick since 8w my due date is 23/04/15. I have an IUD. If i dont have a period. What happens to that egg? strange period had my period oct 1st-11th woke up today with bleeding.i am trying to get pregnant.why would i be bleeding again? 10 days away from period ovulated on 14th and condom broke no ejaculation is it possible to be pregnant and my hormones are to low to register on a pregnancy test My period is 4-5 days late and I'm very lightly spotting could i be pregnant? what are the chances of getting pregant 16 days after the first day of period Is taking plan B a good strategy for pre cum ? no peroid in two months. occasional spotting. Burning sensation. defintely not pregnant. 17 and only had one period? my gf took wrong pill on wrong day and now is late whats wrong? is it possible to have a period while being pregnant Feet and occasionally legs are going numb. Should I seek medical attention. Girlfriends two week late, never had sex but precum touched top of vagina. She getting syptoms but two neg tests. Prego? My egg was released on cycle day 15 and I had unprotected sex on cycle day 12, could I be pregnant? Could I Still be pregnant? what are the chances? Could I be pregnant if I got my period twice in one month? I have not a period How long after going off of birth control should I begin to have my period again? My doctor put me on birth control because I have a hormonal imbalance. How can I get pregnant with a hormone imbalance? I have a miss period in three weeks,is this possible im pregnant? Took escapelle because of precum. Irregular bleeding. Pregnancy or side effect?  Will taking birth control to delay my period affect the effectiveness of my IUD? Does Prozac cause hair loss Was 12 days late for my period had a 2 day period then 3 days of spotting.I've been sexually active,Should i be worried? My period is 6 days late I have taken 2 hpt and a blood test (all were negative) could I be pregnant? Can I be pregnant?  Can I get pregnant from naked genital to genital rubbing (no intercourse)? Also on the pill, NO PERIOD for 40 days now. Can I get pregnant from naked genital to genital rubbing (no intercourse)? Also on the pill, NO PERIOD for 40 days now. why am i having light colored blood in my urine and cramping after sex? Yellowish white discharge,taking FAS-3, ok to intercourse after 3 days? I'm a month late and I started bleeding but its really bright and.my periods are always regular period isnt due for another 2 days, but today she found little bit of orangie blood but normal cramps. I'm 43 years old, I've had problems with Endemitriosis, now I've been spotting for 1 mnth now with clots, is this a sign Regular period 10/15 sex 10/26 ovulation 10/26 or 10/27 brown bleeding/cramping 10/29 could I be pregnant period not due Regular period 10/15 sex 10/26 ovulation 10/26 or 10/27 brown bleeding/cramping 10/29 could I be pregnant period not due Missed Birthcontrol pills three days in a row had sex, condom broke took plan b, am i pregnant? I have been getting positive ovulation tests but late temperature rise (~8 days after) in some cycles. is this normal? Is Tart Cherry Juice effective in treating back pain? It12 weeks late but have irregular periods could I still be pregnant Birth control period Start a new pack of pills early can you be pregnant with no morning sickness or sore boobs? how long does it take to get your period back Sharp pain in lower left side of abdomen, comes and goes for about 3 years now Am I pregnant? Sexual health center said I don't have a std and they did 1 6 weeks and go and 1 last week for window period.  sex in july I've had period every month on time since then I've taken 3 pregnancy tests all negative Am i being paranoid how soon after getting the depo shot does work if received after period ended? and can you get pregnant? Spotting many years after period stopped. Pelvic pain. What could this mean? what medicine 2 take 2 get pregnant my periods are irregular sometimes 2 a year none or 1 a year help i can concieve can i have some names of good fertilization doctors Had my period oct 8-nov 3, started taking pill the 2nd. But it's nov 8th and I'm bleeding again. Is that normal? when does one start their period if on contraceptives? im not pregnant no infections an i pissed my period for 2 months always had this problem an i want to get pregnant I just started Birth Control this past month. I had taken it for 14 days straight pretty consistantly. period is late 72 days, no signs of pregnancy. what can it be? I had sex yesterday , and it was my 2nd day on my period . My boyfriend came inside of me . Will I get pregnant ? why do my breast nipples stay hard and sore i have had my period for 2 weeks now, normally they are only 3 days and thats it. is it something to be concerned about? No Period Symptoms, But Negative Results ?  not having periods any more- How do I know when to start taking bc pill again-stopped 2 mos- want to start again. Why does a menstrual cycle come more than once a month Pregnant?? Can you get Fifth Disease twice within a three week period? how do you know your pregnat Vag Dryness? Periods late what to do it has been 8 days with no periods ? I been on birth control for five months and I didn't take any since my last period 10/23/2014. Could I be pregnant? Excruciating Abdominal pain after sex. I do have iud  Period with cramps during second pack of lomedia 24 fe I am virgin, last period, 22.11.14 and took BC pill first time today, having alot of headache should I stop using it? I had a partical hysterectomy in my 30's. Im 45 now. Could I be in perimenopause? When I finish my period I always discharge a clear thick gel like subsidence is this normal? irregular menstrual cycle after abortion. Female 32 yrs old. Can a girl get cramps before she even begins having periods? Recently I have gotten my period in the middle of my birth control pill pack or twice during pill pack. Should I stop? What's going on? Long absence of periods!!??!? Should I take an ipill again?  When using the first nuva ring, you put it on the first day of period. Do you leave it there three weeks or four then? can I get pregnant three days after my period? My last birth control pill was saturday? Period after lupron depot three month shot. Am I pregnant? I already had a period this month 2 weeks later I am bleeding again and I also have a cyst on my ovary what do I do 14 months after mirena removal, still have irregular period cycles. Could I be pregnant? can i be pregnant but still have periods? Would birth control help regulate my period so I can conceive is it normal to be 5 days late on your period? I took a pregnancy test and it came out negative. I got my period for 6days. It was red in the beginning and heavy and ended brown for 2 days is it implantation bleeding  Last month i had period twice. This month my breasts are hurting like i am about to start my period again. Hi Dr. I feel a pulling sensation on my vulva/vagina. My GYN is not concerned but I am. Late period, sick for almost 2 weeks, used protection before period was expected, am i pregnant or just paranoid? I'm on the birth control tri-sprintec and had unprotected sex should I be ok to say I'm not pregnant? Can I get pregnant after child birth, before I have had my first period? Over 8 weeks since giving birth to my third child, and I still haven't started my period. Will my period be normal? My period hasn't came on. I have been having gas, peeing, headaches, sleeping a lot. Could something be wrong with me? I have been on birth control for 6 months. I've noticed a lot of padding on my uterus, but I just had a period. I was  Missed 2 periods, not sick, been on Yaz for 2 years, taken several pregnancy tests, negative, Help!! Can I stop using birth control if I'm having symptoms of perimenopause such as hot flashes and irregular periods? 