How accurate are home pregnancy tests? How accurate are home pregnancy tests? Can Profasi lead to a false-positive when taking a pregnancy test?  Could I be pregnant even if the three pregnancy tests I have taken have come out negative? When can I take a pregnancy test? On birth control for 8 yrs never missed period, barely spotted last time, two negative pregnancy tests, whats wrong? I am going on 3 wks late on my period. taken 3 OTC pregnancy tests. could i still be preg or what else could be cause?  i keep getting negative results with pregnancy tests both blood and urine, i still think i am pregnant what do i do? can blood and a uti affect a pregnancy test? Will i get a false passitive if i take a pregnacy test while on birth control. I am not having period for 8 days.I have pain in lower abdomen.I have taken pregnancy test its negative.Am i pregnant? am I pregnant? If i dont start my period til 10/17 but my pregnancy test today showed a very barely visible positive. am i pregnant? if i have miscarried in the past couple of days, can i still get a positive pregnancy test reading? After every meal, I get a really uncomfortable, bloated feeling, gasy, and feeling extremely tired. What may cause this? My period had been late 3 months in a row. I have been constipated and I nearly fainted. Could I be pregnant? week late period 2 negative pregnancy tests cycle is usually regular. what gives? i'm 12 days late but have a negative pregnancy test. it has always been 28 days between my cycles. can i be pregnant? Is it possible to go through a second puberty at the age of 26? Is being 4 days late on your period something to be worried about? I've been on birth control for a year. Started bleeding two weeks early. Its heavier then normal. Should I be worried? My nipples feel very tender/sore and if I squeeze them milk comes out...WHY!?! I was due to get my depo shot in mid August but due to insurance issues I couldn't.  i think i got pregnant on 10-10-12 its no 10-19-12 can i take a pregnancy test now or wait longer..? Irregular periods, brown spotting, pain in ovaries, nausea, negative pregnancy test. What's wrong with me? Lmp sept 10th My period is 3 weeks late and 2 neg at home pregnancy tests. Could I be pregnant? Am I pregnant? could i be pregnant When should I take a pregnancy test? I had sex 2 days after getting off of my period. Used condom but want to be sure. Can you get pregnant from genital rubbing without ejaculation? lost my nuva ring 4mos ago during a mos long off and on period and havent had a period since? no bc since. Late Period? Spotting for 10 days then light to medium bleeding for 3 days am I pregnant? i failed a urine pregnancy test but it was positive with my saliva. am i pregnant i had some postive and some negative pregnancy test and now am spotting. can i be pregnant Is 2 weeks too soon to take a pregnancy test for it to be accurate? Could I be pregnant? the first day of my last period was 11/1/12 when can i take a home pregnancy test? 2 weeks late...negative pregnancy test, but can i still be pregnant? The first day of my last period was 11/08/12 and today is 12/13/12, no period. When can I take a pregnancy test?  Last month I had a really, really light discharge that was brown.  Is it normal to have you're period every other month? Even if it skips the following cycle? ok im gaining weight like im pregnant pregnancy test coming up positive but had a sonogram done an no baby what is it Could I be pregnant without penetration? How accurate. Is a pregnancy test if you take it the day of your missed period? "I had unprotected sex he pulled out then wiped himself off then put it back in but did not cum inside me I am 11 days late, 2 tests both NEG. My breasts are very sensitve I am getting upset, One way or another I want answers My period has been late for 35 days now, but a pregnancy test says I am not pregnant. What could be wrong with me? Period was 4 days late and then I experienced light bleeding just a little bit heaveier than spotting for 1 day. Neg HPT my last period was Dec 13, 2012 can I take a pregnancy test? missed period but negative test for pregnancy, am I pregnant or is something wrong with me? i missed my period in November had it december and now its late once again what is going on Some symptoms of pregnancy but one negative pregnancy test 5 days before missed period. Can I still be pregnant? i supposed to have my period last january 01 but until now i dont have my period yet.is it normal,9days delayed? why is my period less painful than usual?  Can my body trick itself into having the same symptoms as pregnancy if Im worried about it? On depo. Period symptoms w/o bleeding 19 years old, no menstral for 6 months now, breast are sore, tender to touch, pregnancy test reads negative,whats wrong Why do my breasts hurt and feel and look like they are getting bigger? Would you recommend taking a pregnancy test?  when can i take pregnancy test? Hello. I am an 18 year old cheerleader. I haven't seen my period since late October last year. Any advice? First day of last period 1/11/13; positive HPT 1/29/13 - when is due date? Other thoughts? Could I be pregnant Could I be pregnant? 8 days of birth control, condom, and EC used.  what if I am spotting can I still take the pregnancy test Could I conceive after immediately stopping birth control pills? Would going off my nuva ring make my period late? i took a pregnancy test and it came out positive today i started my menstrual cycle every four hours the bleeding stops how long after having sexual intercourse can i take a pregnancy test and get a valid answer?  ive been on birth control for 2 months, still no period and have sex without condom regularly. pregnancy test say neg Could I be pregnant? I don't have periods due to taking nuvaring. How would I know if I was pregnant since I don't have any periods to miss? My period is almost ten days late and i took some pregnency test but they keep coming out negative. Could i be pregnant? my menstrual cycle last 52 days or more. Is that normal? Just stopped taking birth control, realistically how long could it take me to get pregnant? I had 2 pregnancy test that were positive.I started bleeding 2 days later like my normal period.can I still be pregnant? I had 2 pregnancy test that were positive.I started bleeding 2 days later like my normal period.can I still be pregnant? i have another question for Rod Moser PA, PhD re: partial hysterectomy question previously posted  I am past my period date and my pregnancy test came negative, Am I still pregnant ? Does Mirena Iud cause false negative pregnancy tests? Havent had period since Nov. but have mucus could this be ovulation? also tender breast,stomach pains,trouble breathing One depo shot on Nov. 20, 2012 next shot was due Feb. 20, 2013. Have not had a period since January. i haven't had my period for 3 months and started bleeding during intercourse I don't know why. Can I be pregnant if I had sex two days before my expected period? how to find out if you'r pregnant with a irregular menstration? Can you get a false negative result from an at home pregnancy test if you have mirena?  Can you get pregnant dry humping with clothes on both partners? By clothes I mean both wearing jeans and underwear? what week in pregnancy will a test be positive Can i be pregnant by fingering on last day of my period and he had pre ejaculatory fluid on his finger? I had my period on 4/4/12 and i finished 4/6/12. then i had marron discharge for 3 days, and 5/6/12 i havent my period.? ive taken2 pregnancy test both were negative, ive had nausea,fatigue and breast leaking now. Went off the pill 3wks ago. 6 weeks late for a period and 2 hpt came out neg what should i do If you miss your period how long after will it show positive on test if you r pregnant? how long should u wait to take1 17yr missed period in April,spotted in March nothing in June. Pregnacy test negative. on depo shot last year.  i was sexually active mar. 13, would it have shown an accurate reading on a pregnacy test april 2 or is that too soon?  I am clotting and having pain in my stomach and a back am I misarrying? How can you tell if you're pregnant with twins? my period was to be last may 22 but untill now i havent had for this month i take p.test but its negative.am i pregnant? is it possible to get pregnant without penetration on day 17 while wearing underwear and rub against upper pubic region Woke up with sharp/stabbing stomach pains for most of the day. It just disappeared all of a sudden. Now what? Will a over the counter pregnancy test show up positive for a ectopic pregnancy?  period came 7 days late i did a pregnancy test and it came bk negative then got spotting 10 days later cud i b pregnant? No pregnancy symptoms. Should I be worried? I think I could be pregnant missed a pill when I think I ovulated and have stopped my pills 4 days no period yet.Could I When should I take a pregnancy test?  had sex 26th of May, 28th of May and 1st of June, 4 June morning tested regnant am I responsible had sex 26th of May, 28th of May and 1st of June, 4 June morning tested regnant am I responsible Am I Pregnant? When should I take a pregnancy test? had sex roughly 12 days ago wife took pregnancy test on the 12th day it was positive, period isnt due yet can it happen Is it possible to make it to your 5th month of being pregnant and still not show any signs of being pregnant? My cycle usually 28 days. My period is 5 days late-test are negative. Had a UTI 2 weeks ago, can this delay my period? I took a pregnancy test and for the second line there was only a dot that appeared, should I take another test? my boyfriend got off on the inside of my vagina some but not UP IN it now i have a yeast infection. could i be pregnant? am i pregnant Can I Be Pregnant Menopause or Pregnant? I missed my period took a pregnancy test and it is negative?  I haven't had a period in 3-4 months. I took the hpt and it was negative. Are these test effective for someone 3 mo late  Could i be preganant with two negative pregnancy test results? Is there any way I can still be pregnant? Missed period symthomes of pregnacey two - tests?? My period is 3 days late. I have cramps but no bleeding. My pregnany test were negative. Could I still be pregnant? Can Lisinopril affect home pregnancy test results? I had unprotected sex 7/24, I was due for my period on 7/28 and now Its 8/3, I still don't have my period.  I haven't had my period goin on 2months now. I took a pregnancy test and it came back negative I'm still havin sex.  I haven't had my period goin on 2months now. I took a pregnancy test and it came back negative I'm still havin sex idk I took a pregnancy test and it came up negative but ive gained about 10 pounds since june.  a positive urine and a positive blood pregnancy test how likely is that to b wrong? pregnancy test yesterday came out positive. another test today and it came out negative. could i be peregnant? Is it safe to use OTC meds for a yeast infection if I'm unsure about being pregnant?  brown spotting in between period can regular benadryl or claritan cause a false negative pregnancy test result? Will breastfeeding affect levels of HCG and give a fasle negative pregnancy test? Had a miscarriage. I bled for six days and since have stopped. My HCG level is at 14. What is going on with me? how long afrer sex does a pregnancy test show positvie? My period is due tommorrow. I have had cramps for 1 week and a half. Can I be pregnant? i havent my period in 3 months and i have taken 4 pregnancy tests that say negative? I was on birthcontrol for 5 months the last three days of every pack I spotted. I went off birthcontrol.  why did my period stop? How can I get it to start again? how common is a false positive pregnancy test Why are my breasts growing after a heavy period? missed 3 periods negitive pregnancey test and little spotting but major cramps and neasue and no energy whats wrong? Pregnant or Not? All symptoms are present, no period, negative test. Stopped taking pills last month. Whats the deal? I am on birth control and did not get my period this month. I took a pregnancy test twice and both were negative. 2 day period Can I be pregnant? Will a home pregnancy test detect your pregnancy if it's an ectopic pregnancy? im late with soar boobs but negative pregnancy test.  I had a miscarriage last night. Definitely passed more than just large clots. But preg test was neg. Is that possible? Two periods in one month??? Pulsing in stomach but not pregnant. Late Perido? Why have I all of a sudden started uncontrollably eating?  when to take a pregnancy test The first day of my last period was 11/22/13. Is it too soon to take a pregnancy test? is it true that if a young man takes a pregnancy test he might be at risk of having testicular cancer Hi, I,m 42 and my periods have been regular. My last period was November 25, 2013 when should I take a pregnancy test? am i pregnant  why do they say to do a pregnancy test in the morning? is it dangerous to get pregnant while taking Yaz contaception Can a home pregnancy test be positive before you miss a period?  When is the earliest time to take a pregnancy test ? Can pregnancy tests give you a false negative. what can cause a light menstral cycle? what can cause the blood to be very light in color? Do I have to stop taking birth control to get the correct answer on a pregnancy test? I took Emkit (emergency contraceptive pill) Levonorgestrel 0.75mg 48 hours after unprotected sex. How effective is pill Going to start a new pack of pills but I haven't had my period I took a pregnancy test, it was negative, whats going on? I have irregular period but could I be pregnant ? Have irregular periods but can I be pregnant ? How long does it take the depo-provera to be in effect do I need a pregnancy test? 6 days late 9 days late on period with negative pregnancy test, Could I be pregnant or could it be something else?? can i take a pregnancy test before my next period? If you were on your period and took a pregnancy test, would it effect the readings? Is it safe to drink if I am trying to conceive but got my period? 8 months without a period, and very active 10-20 days after first day of period. When should I take a pregnancy test?  Late period  I'm 7 days late for period and got a faint second line on pregnancy test this morning. I'm i pregnant or not? I am 6 days late , no periods ,cramps but negative pregnancy test. Could I be pregnant? My period is a week late but the pregnancy tests are negative. Could I be pregnant? Unprotected sex 3/15, "menstrual" started 3/26, feeling pregnancy symptoms. Should I be able to tell by now if pregnant? My last period was on 3/13/2014. today its 4/11/2014. When will be the best time to go for a pregnancy test? Plan B contreceptive?  Bloating in uterus area Is it necessary to have medication or any surgery after having miscarriage of about 3/4 weeks pregnancy? How long after having unprotected sex can you find out you're pregnant im 25 cant get pregnant for the past 3 years. no period since 10 Dec. 2013. pregnancy test says negative. what can i do? im 25 trying to get pregnant for the past 3 years. havnt had period since Dec 10 2013 test pregnancy test shows negative I have had a hysterectomy but i took a pregnancy test and it came out positive how is this possible??? My fiance got her depo shot and the doctor didnt do a pregnancy test what could go wrong if she is pregnant? I think im pregnant and I don't know how to tell my partner? Is it too early to take a home pregnancy test? should i take a pregnancy test?  taking the pill but skipped sugar week and went straight to next pack(1st time) sexually active pregnancy test negative I stopped take birth control, I haven't got my period since February. pregnancy test I take is negative, is this normal? On pill, recently sex. active WITH condoms, but no period in 2mo. 4 neg preg tests over 6wks. Worried could be pregnant Can I be pregnant? doctor said I'm pregnant..but when I took pregnancy test at home the second line is very faint. Am I really pregnant? how soon after conception can I take a pregnancy test am i too big too soon? What happens to a women's body over 45 years old breastfeeding and supplementing with formula... had regular periods pp.. but now 19 days late and -ve pregnancy test My n/p is 7 days, but i had a pd 1 month strght, unpro-sex the day after. Can i still get prego? Next pd? prego tst? is it common to fail a pregnancy test yet be pregnant? What can cause 3 periods in one month? i am 4 days late, home pregnancy test said i was not pregnant what does this mean. still dont have my preiod. i had intercourse with 2 men Am I pregnant??? When to see doctor pregnant will switching from IUD to oral birth control cause me to skip periods? Have taken two pregnancy test both light positive now bleeding and cramping like a period am I pregnant? Am I pregant Misscarriage, then period exactly a month later, and now no period after 3 months? Can Corticosteroid Injections into Shoulder / joints for pain cause heavy and long bleeding cycle for menstural cycle? does implanon affect accurate test results for home pregnancy tests? can a uti mask a pregnancy? I have been having pregnancy symptoms for over a month now,then i had my period shorter days than the usual. Why are my breasts so sore Late period, swollen (not sore boobs), frequent urination (but believe UTI), finally day 12 light red/brown blood, preg? I'm spotting with cramps, just finished my period though. What's going on No period, Negative pregnancy test When did I most likey have sex to become pregnant? On birth control, got period mid cycle, and now I haven't had my period? Got off bc pill I had no period.Last month I was put on provera and had normal flow. Next month I only spotted one day? Hello, my periods are late by 2 and half months, i have pcod.Tried home pregnancy tests but got the results as negative. If I have a very irregular period and have no idea when my period should start, when should I take a pregnancy test? Pregnacy test is negative but am spotting still Could taking valium result in a false positive on a pregnancy test? I took 3 pregnancy tests and they all were negative. I feel like I have the early symptoms of pregnancy Period is 16 days late, lower back and abdominal pains, discharging, but pregnancy tests are negative. Other causes? What are my chances of getting pregnant if I just got over my period and had sex right away but don't have any BC pills? The last time I saw my period was 6 weeks ago but all pregnancy test come back negative. I was on the bcp Femiane Can i be pregnant severe back and heavy bleeding is it possible to be pregnant and my hormones are to low to register on a pregnancy test Girlfriends two week late, never had sex but precum touched top of vagina. She getting syptoms but two neg tests. Prego? Will I test negative with a pregnancy test if I am immune suppressed? Can I get pregnant from naked genital to genital rubbing (no intercourse)? Also on the pill, NO PERIOD for 40 days now. Can I get pregnant from naked genital to genital rubbing (no intercourse)? Also on the pill, NO PERIOD for 40 days now. sex in july I've had period every month on time since then I've taken 3 pregnancy tests all negative Am i being paranoid period is late 72 days, no signs of pregnancy. what can it be? can i take a pregnancy test a week after sex? 5 days ago drank coffee then gush of watery fluid. Yesterday, positive pregnancy test. Could it be a chemical pregnancy? why do my breast nipples stay hard and sore No Period Symptoms, But Negative Results ? Pregnant?? Could I be pregnant? is it normal to be 5 days late on your period? I took a pregnancy test and it came out negative. my girlfriend was pregnant and chose to have an abortion, 3 weeks later a pregnancy test reads positive Missed 2 periods, not sick, been on Yaz for 2 years, taken several pregnancy tests, negative, Help!! 