What are low blood pressure signs and symptoms? How is blood pressure measured? What causes high blood pressure? What is low blood pressure? I have high blood pressure, what cold remedies can I take? Is it okay to take Acai Berry while having diabetes and high blood pressure? Is it okay to give my son Benadryl and Advil for his runny nose, sinus pressure and headache? Is high blood pressure a side effect of Prilosec? I need to find generics to treat my asthma and high blood pressure. I have Medicare Advantage insurance. What can I try? If I have heart disease or high blood pressure, is it okay to splurge on my diet one night? Is there a relationship between the onset of hypertension and advanced stage Parkinson's disease?  Is it safe to weight train when I have pressure in the temple/eye area associated with a sinus infection?  I am taking lisinopril for high blood pressure. I wake up with a headache. Is there a certain time I should take it? What allergy medications are safe when I already take Norvasc for my blood pressure?  Are there any problems with taking probiotics with lisinopril for high blood pressure and Levoxyl for my thyroid?  Is there a medication for high blood pressure that is not sun-sensitive?  I'm only 17, but afraid of heart disease. My blood pressure is often too high at the doctor's office. What can I do? How can I prevent high blood pressure?  How does the brain know" a situation needs a "flight" response? Can false signals raise blood pressure and blood sugar? How does the brain know" a situation needs a "flight" response? Can false signals raise blood pressure and blood sugar? Is it safe to take over-the-counter cold medicine if you are taking high blood pressure and cholesterol medication? I am a diabetic and have a chest cold. Can I take Diabetic Tussin DM along with Wellbutrin and high blood pressure meds? Is an over-the-counter cold medicine safe to take while you are taking medicine for high blood pressure and low thyroid? I have a bad sinus head cold. Can I take over-the-counter cold medicines along with my high blood pressure medicine? My son accidentally took my husband's Zestril blood pressure medicine. He is 12 years old. Should we go to the ER? Can Coricidin HBP be taken with blood pressure medication?  Can an antihistamine allergy pill be taken with high blood pressure medication?  What is hypertension? Is it safe to take the heart medicine, Toprol-XL with lisinopril for high blood pressure? Are there side effects? My doctor says I should lose weight. Is it safe to take SlimQuick with Plavix, metoprolol, Cymbalta, Ativan & Lipitor? Can erectile dysfunction drugs, such as Viagra, Levitra, and Cialis, be used while taking blood pressure medications?  My father takes 160 mg of Diovan and 100 mg of metoprolol daily for his blood pressure. It that too much? I take enalapril for blood pressure. Should I avoid taking Viagra or other drugs for erectile dysfunction?  Is there any OTC medication for water retention due to high blood pressure?  I accidentally took my hypertension medication (lisinopril) twice today. Is that a worry?  Im taking the antibiotic Bactrim and also take enalipril for high blood pressure. Will these two drugs interact?  What OTC pain medicines are safe to use with amlodipine besylate, taken for high blood pressure?  Can I take Zyrtec with my blood pressure medicine?  My husband takes HCTZ and lisinopril for high blood pressure. He had his wisdom teeth taken out. Can he take ibuprofen? Is it safe to take trazodone with Exforge blood pressure medicine? I take Coreg for high blood pressure and read that 32 deaths were attributed to it in 2007. Should I be concerned?  Is high blood pressure common in young adults? Having testicle pressure, urethra pain, minor burning while urinating. Chlamydia, gonnorhea negative, what can it be? can hydrocodone cause lower blood pressure Is it possible to have depersonalization symptoms after a migraine attack? Diagnosed with pulmonary embolisms. Felt pressure in my ear. Pop and release of blood from ears. Is this normal? after kidney transplant water retension is still a problem from high bloodpressure what are the affects?  can my blood pressure medication cause cold feet? I've been on blood pressure meds approx 2yrs. nasal congestion, sinus pressure, headache or pain by right eye from pressure, and pressure buildup in right ear. im 39wks pregnant dilated to a 2,feeling a lot of pressure down there should i call the dr is there a way to relieve it swollen ear,loss if hearing,yesterday hurt when touched,tody gotten a lilttle better,still cant hear.scabe in ear too high blood pressure, trying to regulate it with beta blockers, what should blood pressure be to use Viagra? can taking hydrocodone cause sleeplessness? Can getting the flu shot raise blood pressure? A couple weeks ago I noticed i had a lump on my neck, its relatively solid and hurts when pressure is applied could having bad sinus/cold infection cause sensitivity in teeth and pressure behind jaw/ears. Why does my blood pressure go from 134 over 74 to 156 over 97 once and awhile. Under my chin it feels kind of sore to the touch. I've looked it up, some say infection but my teeth are ok. why is my husband's Blood Pressure higher in the left arm than in the right arm? Is this normal? is it normal to get different blood pressure readings from the left and right arm? having pressure in forehead and ears, balance is sometimes off and feel dizzy and discombobulated I have chronic joint pain and body aches, my head feels a lot of pressure and fogginess, my eyes hurt as well. Help? can a ear infection cause my face to start flushing? blood pressure left arm 159/94 right arm 130/74 why the big difference i have non painful, non itchy bruise like rash my the arch of my feet. What could it be? AM 50 FEMALE MY LEFT ARM IS BECOMING NUMB AND FALLS ASLEEP I AM ALWAYS TIRED HAVE NO STRENGTH BLOOD PRESSURE IS 90/60 blurry vision heart palpitations feeling like fainting if i dont sit happen when i eat or when i dont weakness and tired My period is 3 weeks late and 2 neg at home pregnancy tests. Could I be pregnant? what is the normal blood pressure for an eleven year old Cause of Elbow Pain? Can I excercise on adderall xr 25mg? Help, chest congestion, cough, rash ,sweating , body aches, low white blood count ,bottom number of BP High How long should one continue medications after Angioplasty? What are the Side Effects of prolonged use of certain drugs? my husband has painful pressure when he ejaculates, what can cause this and why? could prescription eye drops cause high blood pressure I no longer have health ins. I've got high blood pressure and have 3 refills left to my prescription. What can I do? What are these strange lines on my left shin? Started appearing about 9 months ago and are not scars or pressure marks. What causes rumbling noise in both ears? Feeling of a knot on left side after eating, just below rib cage. When is your blood pressure to low? And when is your pulse to high? When I dont eat for more than 3 hours, I shake, get hot flashes, and pass out. My sugar levels are normal when checked. I have a ball / lump in my throat, just under ear and jaw bone, if i move it, or push on it, it hurts. What is this? I am a female age42 my blood pressure is always around 104/40 and my heart rate is around 81 Can adrenal gland function really be checked with a blood pressure cuff, and how could a chiropractor fix that? I'm taking 40mg of lisinopril for my blood pressure but its not going down what can I do too lower my blood pressure what vitamins can help with my hypertension (high blood pressure)? My husband sometimes seems drunk but says he hasn't had any alcohol. What else can cause slurred speech and droopy eyes? I keep seeing blood red in my eyes.This time,the blood red filled my ees then it turned pitch black halfway up my vision Are there any types of blood pressure devices that are inserted inside of you invented? Do I have a sinus infection? When the pupil is dilated for 6 months, what are the risks? When the eye pressure rises to 56, what are the risks? my mother is 81 her blood pressure is ranging from 180 over 56 to 205 over 52 it's been over 10 days  Can an ear infection cause pressure and tension throughout your entire head? Can an ear infection cause my lymph nodes to swell and my throat to become red? Which two drugs does Azor replace for high blood pressure, losartan, nefidical XL, dyazide and bisoprolol ? How long will it take until antibiotics start helping my ear infection? Should I worry about toxic shock syndrome? chest burning /pain sensation what if I take 2 blood pressure pills in one day by mistake my ears get red suddenly, is that a blood pressure issue?  I have blood pressure,and I'm always tired.Is there something that I can get more energy???? When Viagra and other ED treatments fail what can help with premature ejaculation? Have high blood pressure. Often times over 210/110. I take Medication with little help. Should I be checking it at home? How can I convince the medical insurer to pay for newly on-the-market drugs (re cancer patient, stage 4)? How can proteinuria be treated? Is surgery an option for those having deep vein varicose? Only option is just wear the leg stockings whole life? Are there any sexual postion that you could suggest that are less painful for chronic neck and back pain? my systolic pressure ranges mid 120s to mid 140s and my diastolic ranges lower 50s to mid 60s.Is this normal or okay? can tumors affect blood pressure and diabetes? Can prolonged very high blood pressure be responsible for a very high blood sugar reading? I have hurt my inner knee before playing football a 2-3 years ago. Now im feeling the same pains again what should i do? My doctor prescribed an ACE inhibitor, but my blood pressure has never been high (113/56 last wk) . Should I take it? My 13 year old son's blood pressure is 86 over 53 can a brain blood clot cause low blood pressure? I had a HeartCath several months ago. I showed no blockage, but my symptoms continue.  I'm 30 wks pregnant and have been experencing cramping and pressure in my lower abdomen for over 24 hrs Is this normal?  around back,had lower lumbar surgery L3-L5,to releve pressure on nerver,did not help,any ideas? Is there a relationship between excessice coffee drinking and high blood pressure? How serious is a drop in blood pressure to 38 over 12? Why do I have internal jerking like I am on a vibrating machine -- not visible outwardly? Is possible for some people have higher than normal blood pressure with no side effects, mine stays 165/90 with med. Is it okay to do cardio exercise right after taking high blood pressure meds? low white blood cells,low sugar, low blood pressure ,fatigue and a feeling of cold inside legs While taking my blood pressure, do I listen for dystolic until I hear NO heartbeat, or until it gets faint? What will fix a headache and fever for someone on blood pressure medicine? What is the percentage for a heart attack with poor dental health? What causes pounding heart, chest discomfort, pain between shoulder blades for 3 months? How do I safely stop taking simvastatin (10 mg)? i have NO interest in sex. don't hurt,enough lubrication,get along great,just don't care anymore--why? my father has the blood pressure of 114/56 what does it mean is it good or bad what causes pressure in the back of the head? I am having chest pains, shortness of breath, hypertension, fatigue, and nose bleeds. What should I do? why do my legs give out in the morning? I'm beginning to notice that I'm losing strength in my hands, things fall out of them, what's wrong with me ? my husband has blood pressure of 157/113 what does that mean? waht does it mean when your blood pressure numbers are close together  I take Exforge med for High Blood pressure. I want to start taking coq10 to prevent heart disease.  I have high bp. I have noticed that it usually goes up if I have eaten a lot of sugar and/or starch. Are these related? can smz/tmp ds tab (generic name is bactrim) be taken with blood pressure medication? I recently had blood work done with creatinine level of 1.85 and BUN count of 28. Just how bad is this??  I fell on the side of my foot a week ago and I still can't walk on it, should I see a doctor or continue home care? Is13 days to long to go on with a UTI what are the long term side effects of depo provera? Why do I have a flutter in my heart area Emphysema, heart rate of 97 and fluctating blood preassure. is she in immediate danger? does high blood pressure cause mood swings?  I was beaten on christmas. I have been experiencing pain in the lower right side of my back when applying pressure on it My blood pressure reading is 184/101. Can I wait until my Dr's appointment in 4 days to discuss this with my physician? I twisted my foot 2 weeks ago and now have intence pressure and pain at the 5th metatarsal. What should I do? i slipper on ice and laned on myleft palm. ifelt a very heave bend and pressure poke under left breast pain get worse .  sudden onset of numbness in arms and legs, 56 y/o male, history of diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure is 96/55 a good blood pressure measurement? should i go see a doctor if im pregnant and having lower belly pressure and lower back pain and im nasuea What are some recommended meds to level out blood pressure and avoid spikes and drops?  is tuna fish good for high blood pressure What can taking pain pills and drinking alcohol with SVT and high blood pressure cause? Could extreme eye pressure of 74 cause a person to have a stroke? After 1 hr of zumba, my head hurts really bad, almost like a migraine, throbbing for about an hour or 2 after. I am 28 and pregnant with my first child. I was told at my ultrasound that I have a bladder polyp. What are my options? How much force/pressure can the testes withstand? I am seeing wavy motion in my peripheral vision. What could be causing this? Daily Pressure in head Diagnosis? had a UTI and now experience pressure above the anus and testes and ejaculation does not feel same Does cold weather cause more pain in the wrists after having carpal tunnel surgery (one year ago)? Problem in urine-flow during erection What can cause pain on the surface of the kneecap? It is sensitive only to touch or to kneel on, but no other problems. can weight loss cause high blood pressure? Can taking protein supplements (to increase muscle mass) increase blood pressure? What does it mean to have pressure and pain in the eyes? When I look up or to the side, it hurts If I have my undiagnosed hypertension diagnosed it will become a preexisting condition.Why should I have it diagnosed? Is it ok to use heat (warm towel) on a ear ache? what's best of day to check your blood pressure What is happening with my body? how can i stop smoking when already i'm addicted to it..??? if the brain goes without oxygen for 4 min due to presure around the neck passes out.does the brain recover from this? My blood pressure is 91/59 should I be worried? I am light headed and dizzy, just drank water and ate too What can cause spotted blurred vision that sometimes brings on a headache in someone with no Hypertension? Can a herniated disk that's pressing on the spinal nerve cause high blood pressure? Yesterday i checked my weight and it was 54 and when i checked today it said 51 in different scale is it possible? Is it normal for a doctor to put you on high blood pressure if he has not sean you before. How does one wean off blood pressure med. My doctor will not refill my prescription can I safely try more than 100mg of generic viagra? I am 52 and periods are infrequent. having one now, 3wks long. this last week very heavy and a lot of big clumps. Donated blood 2 weeks ago. Have large horitzontal bruising, has gotten larger. Green to blue bruising up to the biceps.  My mom has muscle pain on the back of her legs, and sharp pains in her shins if touched. Would a blood clot cause this? I am a healthy 25 year old male with hypertension 144/105. Lab work came back clean. I live an active lifestyle. Help? does 2 or 2 1/2 glasses of wine a day caues high blood preasure? I drink atleast 6 litres of water a day- should i be worried? pressure in my ear,and i cant hear out of it. what can this be? I am a 55 yr old male and i am unable to ejaculate when wife and i have relations, i also have to take a type of viagra Boyfriend brought up sex and I'm kinda scared.  I have a bad cold. Is it safe to swim?? Started working my legs are swelling I am on high-blood medications I have a burning sensation in my face, neck, and ears that comes and goes. What could be causing this? Fell on stairs a week and a half ago. There is bruising and soreness, and pain on tailbone. Could I have fractured it? What is normal blood pressure for 4 year old? How do I balance my diet for diabetes, high blood pressure and stage 3 chronic kidney disease? i get u.t.i s often and i have been dealing with alot of pain in my sides and i am not sure what it is. .i need answers brown raised spot on scalp high diastolic blood pressure  can you please tell me when is the best time to take blood presure pill am / pm My son is having problems with his kidneys and it's causing him to have high blood pressure what can I do to lower it? can a chloresterol pill and high blood pressure pill be given at the same time I DON'T HAVE ANY MEDICAL INSURANCE. IS THERE A CHEAP QUICK TEST THAT I CAN TAKE TO DETERMINE IF THIS IS MY PROBLEM? My dad has chronic hiccups for the last 2 months, every 5 seconds. Nothing has worked from his doctor. Specialist? What causes heart rate and blood pressure to drop? Does taking blood pressure readings with cuff over a shirt create significant errors? Are there conditions that make you feel like you passed out even if you didn't? Cause For Chest Pain I know my blood pressure is causing headaches. Can I temporarily take additional blood pressure medicine to help? does xanax lower blood pressure why does my tailbone hurt while setting and gets worse when I stand up to the point it takes my breath.  I have a small bump under my eye above the jaw line and some puffiness under the eye that is causing mild pain.any Idea? can pain cause an increase in blood pressure Can premenstral cause blood pressure to rise? Akward feeling of pressure under right ribcage. No pain just pressure. Feels like pressing against other organs. Help!  Diagnosis-- acute pancreatitis. I don't drink/smoke and I eat a very clean diet. But my lipase level is 3x normal. Why? What can cause long lasting vulvar pressure? what causes pressure to the chest area I was on Atenolol 50 bid for hypertension, insurance changed to 100 once a day. Should I take this in the a.m. or p.m.? I'm tired all the time but I'm getting 8 hours of sleep every night? Fear of taking blood pressure Multi-facet question pertaining to anti-dressents -Sleep Apnea-Low Testostorne- Concentration/Focus Should I seek medical attention for a mole that became a open sore and then began bleeding on its own? Can't hear out of my left ear. Some pressure is there. Ringing and some dizziness as well. are there OTC medication for hypertension? Is it normal to have a 99.6 fever at night only, four weeks after a total knee replacement? Are any supplements known to cause blood pressure to be lower with slight dizziness? What NSAIDs are safe for hypertension? Ringing and Fullness (Pressure) in Ears after shooting? get a pain on left side of head, pressure headachy back of head vison blurry dizziness head ack stays for a while I have a hard moderately painful long spot near my clitoris. NO discharge, smell or puss, what could it be? it feels like i have a hundred pounds on my chest and can not take a full deep breath,, someone told me its angina,  Is 128/59 considerd a normal blood presure realding for a 83 year old man ? I am around 8-10 weeks pregnant. I felt movement in my right side still feel pressure near my right rib. What is this? When having sex i feel the need to pee, i get up and go but still feel the pressure that i have to go. I took a variety of medications to get high a few days ago. How long before my heart rate returns to normal? is having a blood pressure at 133 over 82 bad? how long do i have until a tooth abscess becomes fatal? My wife is getting pain and pressure in her chest which moves to her jaw and down her right arm. Is it Asthma? Having sharp stabbing pain that comes and goes on my left side below ribs but above hip, what could this be? cannot tolerate blood pressure medicine Is red pepper a good supplement to treat Hypertension why does the least amt of pressure cause my forearms and lower legs to get blood pooling under the skin/ skin tears What is the solution to constipation caused from high blood pressure medication?  why does my vagina itch and have a yellowish discharge, it burn when i pee or have sex  dizzy and faint lately. BP 98/62.Iron 13.7. i drink plenty of water. how can i raise my blood pressure? Would that help? I have had 3 swollen lymph nodes for over 2 years. what issues would make your pulse go up? What is this lump on my wrist? it has gotten bigger the last 2 months and hurts when pressure is applied Garcinia cambogia is it safe to take if our on blood meds and anti anxiety meds what does it mean if your blood pressure is 112/77 and your heart rate is always between 90 and 109 bilateral ear pressure, no affect on hearing or balance, some tinnitus Id like to know can i take penicillin with allergy/cold medicine. I also take high blood presssure pills. I have read about Resveratol for blood pressure and cholesterol levels. Is it effective and safe? Side effects? High BP MEDS ,I've lost 25 lbs ,exercise regularly do I need to have BP MEDS adjusted ? Should I start taking blood pressure medicine? Could mouthwash cause high blood pressure I have had a UTI for about 3 months. I'm tired and very sore all the time. Should I be going to a doctor right away? my two year old got thit in the forehead with baseball bat.he was concious.it started to swell and had a small cut I start having head pressures that last about 2-4min. I am 39, had breast cancer last year. My periods never came back. Can swimming in a salt water pool affect someone with blood pressure issues? does a high red blood cell count make blood pressure harder to control  Have been dealing with plantar fasciaitis. Now have severe pain on top of foot, cannot put pressure on it to walk. I have some swelling in my left arm. Will I get a valid blood pressure result if they use my left arm? On 8/11 I hit my coccyx really hard on a rock and it still hurts. Should I be concerned? what do it mean when your blood pressure is 167 over 107 and pulse is 88  why take both felodipine Er and Lisinopril Hctz for high blood pressure? What is the difference. On 40mg Lisinopril to get to 120/80. Vertigo when standing, almost fainting. Normal? Headache with a lot of pressure in head. Is this sinus? left side pain under ribs and left ovarie Do shingles itch? is high blood pressure controllable? Type your question here.Can cervical spondilosis cause high blood pressure Is vitamin E safe to take if you have high blood pressure? Can I eat foods with Vitamin K while taking Nattokinase? I am an avid runner but since starting 25 mg of HCTZ, my stamina and speed has dropped off greatly. Is this correlated? Period after lifting 13 Days of rash on thighs and testicles now bumps with intense pressure and discomfort, what to do? blurred vision and headache and blood pressure is 85/62 pulse 111 my eyes are dry they squeak when I rub them and feel like sand is in them when I blink  Does Goji Berries interfere with Amlodipine blood pressure medicine?  My friend has been tired with no energy lately. What could be wrong? how long will my pain last after having carpal tunal surgery Why am I hot during ovulation?  Is it normal to have trouble while walking straight? Sometimes I feel like I am being pulled to the right Is it okay to smoke weed while on atenolol? what is a normal blood pressure for a 53 year old  what does it mean when your blood pressure is higher standing up then lying down Any A.D.D. meds that can be taken while on 5mg hypertension med? Dr. says no more Concerta, it will raise BP. what can you take for high blood pressure that non prescription ? Is masturbation harmful if one has hypertension? My systolic pressure is 124 and my diastolic pressure us 114. Why is the diastolic so high? I'm 44 and have taken 3 rounds of antibiotics for strep but they have not worked, is it safe to have my tonsils removed? Can you eat bananas with high blood pressure if the doctor says not to Can working a job where your constantly lifting heavy objects for five years cause lower back problems 3 years later? My wrists and pinkies are very stiff and sore in the morning. Sometimes during the night my wrist will "pop" my blood pressure is 160/103, Should I be going to the emergency room. There are no other symptoms Why does my bulging disc at T12/L1 only sometimes cause a problem, as far as walking and standing is concerned? can nuclear stress test cause fractured sternem What steps should we take? Does your blood pressure elevate with the onset of a heart attack?  one eye went blind today for 1 to 2 min.. should i call doc asap im pregnant and my blood pressure read 126/94 the book that comes with it says its a hypertention measure should i worry I seem to have small bumps and a tear on my vgina. It has become exceedingly itchy. Should blood pressure be high after exercise Pretty sure I have a kidney stone. Do I really need to see a doctor or can I just wait until I pass it? Does ginger raise blood pressure? what is a normal blood pressure and heart rate what foods or drinks can help my blood pressure? I've a newly closed anal fistula. I can feel a bulge from the fluid; the pressure is very uncomfortable. Is it healing? my heart pounds at night, my ears burn and head pressure all the time and i feel dizzy most the time, had for 5 weeks why do people with menier's Disease have low blood pressure? do fibroids cause high blood pressure i have a single round bump on my forehead, what could it be? Weird nerve sensations Why have been getting these odd sensations in the back of my head accompanied by pressure? my period is late and i am having pressure down there could i be pergnant?  I just had a ton of blood come out of my eye when I blew my nose. Is eating smoked turkey parts bad for someone with high blood pressure or diabetes? How long should Mastoiditis cause pain in adults after being treated? i am 16 and i have high blood pressure, when i stand it rasies. Also i have chest pains and headaches offten. Why should people on blood pressure medication avoid grapefruit? To Do List for Everyone. What yearly, monthly and life-time things should you do to stay healthy? Can sepsis cause permanent memory loss? When we start intercourse, the stimulation is not enough to maintain an erection.  My husband had prostatectomy one year ago. Since then he has been suffering from tinnits and high blood pressure. Why? Does TT injection needs to be taken once every 6 months or after sustaining cuts with a sharp object? What bad nutritional habits cause high blood pressure? should my blood pressure increase after a walk is there a blood pressure medicine that i can take that will not harm kidneys 3-4 stage of kidney failure.Got out of dialysis before 10 months , got high blood pressure, can i consume marijuana? What does eGFR indicate? Is 52 something to worry about? can high blood pressure cause ringing in the ears Can a hiatal hernia put unusual pressure against the heart? My blood pressure goes up high when moving around and I feel dizzy. Also, I lose hearing in my ears temporarily..  Pain around anus i am 25 weeks pregnant. now my blood pressure raised to 140/90mm hg. is it harmful? what should i do? Are there any side affects associated with hydrochlorothyazide blood pressure medicine? What causes high blood pressure and high heart rates in children? Are diuretics in the blood pressure medicine Atenolol and Lisinopril...thank you is decaf black tea safe with blood pressure meds can chronic pain play a role in high blood pressure? Will a fingernail grow back faster if the old nail is completely removed? Why do i feel like throwing up all the time, but i am hungry. I also have a constant pressure in my throat.  pain and pressure when insurting a tampon I have otisis media (spelling?) Anyway i got meds and took them, now i have head preasure. Is this normal? PAIN ONLY WHEN I URINATE. FEELS LIKE RAZOR BLADES WHEN I GO.FEELS LIKE SOMETHING INSIDE MY SHAFT. NO DISCHARGE.  How can I tell if my cat's limping is temporary or a sign of something more serious? Why would a healthy 83 year old woman have high blood pressue my breast's have become very painfull and any pressure on stomach causes extreem pain can i take black cohash with my blood pressure medication Can sinus infection raise blood pressure Why would someone with high blood pressure have their blood pressure get dangerously low? how bad is a blood pressure of 133/119 in a woman 34 weeks pregnant and has preeclampsia?  Cure for Neuropathy I am currently on blood pressure medicine. . My pressure is 110 over 64. should i have my meds reduced? I am having a clicking noise in my left ear when applying pressure and it does not occur when I move my jaw. I have high blood pressure. The diet is chicken olive oil raw quail eggs for 10 straight days. Can i eat like this? Overactive Bladder? HELP PLEASE! My friend fell on a previous stress fracture while skiing last night. Can't walk or put pressure on it what did she do? My friend fell on a previous stress fracture while skiing last night. Can't walk or put pressure on it what did she do? just worked out,my chest started hurting with pressure,my throat got tight it hurt to breathe then began to cough/weeze? Lost of sensation on skin after peeling plaster. will vitamin e interfere with blood pressure medicine i have wrist pains I have bad wrist pains Will taking a chromium supplement affect or lower blood pressure? Does cholesterol have anything to do with high blood pressure? How can I avoid pressure headaches when playing my oboe? Haemorrhage in eye - possible causes? can high blood pressure cause broken vessels in the eye can excessive drinking cause signs of glaucome? My blood pressure is higher than 232 and I have no insulin what should I do Can Delsym Cough Syrup cause an increase in blood pressure? I need Help!!! Groin and Hip Discomfort, left testicles is bothering me. Please help!! ejaculation questions How to overcome delayed ejaculation extreme low blood pressure after percocet following knee replacement. Reversal drug felt like heart attack. Explain I have scrotum pain that comes and goes and a pressure-like sensation of having an erection. Should I be concerned? can supplements help lower cholesterol , like red yeast rice? Or Niacin? friend had swelling on the brain and was on ventilator but breathing over it wondering if family removed to soon Can sugar intake cause neausea,light headed,strange feeling in top body and to pass out? I have cirhosis of liver,my blood pressure is 87over70.what should I do? does gabapentin affect blood pressure Can you take a warm bath when you have the chills and a slight fever? my docter just put me on a 600 calorie diet. Is it safe? can I take dayquil capsules? I am very congested and pregnant the ball of my foot just started hurting it feels like something is in it, or like its fractured/ ive had high blood pressure all day, felt like ive had heart burn and a headache,  Is my blood pressure of 199/127 serious? Can high blood pressure cause a severe headache during sex? My nose is always stuffy,feel pressure in my head and get headaches all year long.what could it be? I had a vng test and now my ears are ringing from the test, can that happen I've stabbed myself in the foot with a belt prong, more details included, please help! When lumbosacral spine clicks/rubbing when walking Can Melatonin be taken with high blood pressure med and thyroid meds? I take the other meds in the am. What does refractory hypertension mean? Swallowed an air bubble drinking water, causing extreme pain followed by no hunger with stomach pressure. Iron deficiency Anemia For three days I've had a dull pressure in my right upper abdomen, right under the ribs. More of a discomfort than pain what would cause elevated liver low potassium low blood preassure and blocked artery? Why would a patient be on 4 different blood pressure medications, two of which do the same thing? I am 26 and weigh 330lbs. with PCOS and high blood pressure, where do I begin with weight lost? Constant pressure/heavy feeling in vagina? I feel as if there is a ring around around my head, like im wearing a hat, I am not in any pain, what is wrong with me? Can severe rectal bleeding and vomiting be linked with prolapse uterus? Does blood pressure increase during menstruation?  Will doxy-cycl hycl 100 mg lower blood pressure? why do people with diabetes and normal blood pressure have to take blood pressure medication? My son has very low T, doc. said his blood pressure is high and would like us to see a liver specialist, why? Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding Im 16 and lately I get pressure/aches in the back center pelvis area that ranges from nothing to sharp stabs randomly. I checked my blood pressure today and it was 135/93. Is that bad? Hi i am experiencing severe head pressure and ringing of the ears. I had my ears checked but they were normal. My fingertips have been numb for a day and a half now. There's no outward sign; just pins and needles, but it won't stop How low is too low for blood pressure? Is there an adverage life expectancy for 93 year old person with stage 4 renal failure? is the blood pressure of 130 over 86 to high for a 53 yo male. slim and 6ft 4in  is the blood pressure of 130 over 86 to high for a 53 year old man that is 6ft. 4in If testing for high blood pressure is all normal on meds 3 kinds still high, 9 yrs son lives autism, seizures what next Dark blood in stool,I have thick stools of large diameter. Do I have a serious problem? bruised shin, numbness and indent on 13 yr old. should we follow up with primary care physician My wife takes lisinapril (20 mg 2x a day) and labetalol (600 mg 3x a day) blood pressure is still high. EAR INFECTION? Is a blood pressure of 154/114 and a headache something I should be concerned with? A CAT scan showed that I have a fatty liver. What can I do to change my lifestyle to resolve the situation? Why does my tooth hurt after a new filling was done? Drop in blood pressure and drop in blood count severe abdominal pain I am 51 and a woman and way overweight by about 60lbs.  appears to be a callous on my second toe. tender to the touch or when i am wearing socks and shoes. any self treatment? Does excedrin lower blood pressure? Finished antibiotics for an ear infection- but I still feel ear pressure and warm fluid at times. Is this normal? My son was almost fainted when blood was drawn from him for tests.  Is 95/69 a normal blood pressure range for a 25 year old female? What is consider high blood pressure for a child age of 3yrs old? Or can a 3yrs old have high blood pressure? is 134/78 a good blood pressure Is it possible to have broken a shinbone without experiencing a major event or pain? Besides medication for blood pressure what is my next move? i fell landed hard on my left knee and ever since i cant put any pressure on it and hurts to walk bend or move.  should you take a decongestant for a dry cough? For the past few days, I have been experiencing dizziness and slight pressure in my head, is it anxiety related? pain and pressure in sternum area, seems worse with physical activity, caused by swollowing steaming hot food What does it mean when the top number of the blood pressure reading is 135 and the bottome number is 76 sweating profusely, muscle cramps, low blood pressure (80/75) and dizziness, are these signs of heat exhaustion? Should I be concerned if my pressure is 123/65? is my husbands low pulse rate something to worry about Can a person have heart problems and still have good blood pressure? Can high blood pressure cause night sweats How long should it take blood pressure medicine to regulate blood pressure?   is it possible to ever get off the blood pressure medication. is it possible to ever get off blood pressure medication On my left side just below my ribs I have a red spot and its painfull What causes eye pressure? What does it mean when blood pressure is 123 over 96 and pulse is 87 What will happen when a person takes medicen for high BP and does meth?  period in june n in july spotting 3 negative tests but all symptoms possible pregnant Is the blood pressure reading of about 130/75, consistently, for a 23 year old overweight female good or bad? Is it normal for a very active person to have higher blood pressure? Breathed in welding fumes, pressure on left side of head, confusion and nasal drainage. Can rapid weight loss actually be causing me to have higher blood pressure? my husband blood pressure yesterday was 84/45 and he was having these, what he calls white outs .. Help Could Lyrica affect me with the Lisinopril. By blood pressure was very low when I saw my PCP on Friday High BP, elevated heart rate now low BP, low heart rate blood pressure 146/73 pulse 56bpm, is this normal> I have pressure in my right knee but no pain; the pressure limits my ability to bend the knee fully. will a penial implant help my situation? is it dangerous to be sedated with addisons disease my husband has blood pressure of 201/85 with headache and sweating. what does this indicate? Several questions....1).What happens to the libidio after the initial ejaculation.  what does blood pressure of 123 over 101 with pul 75 mean  Been having sharp pain above my belly button. And on my right side in the upper groin pelvic area. What can be the cause Heart failure? ED and hard flaccid 5 months What is normal blood pressure Eating low carb diet doing water aerobics and still blood pressure is high in afternoon When I have to poop my sides hurt . Like pressure on my kidneys ? Is this reason to worry ? Headache post op for detaced retina, how long will this last?  It hurts to swallow on one side, pressure in the ear, same side. Possable sinus infection?  What do I do if my blood pressure is 198 201? At what point should I consider going to the hospital? Why am I losing my erection? Non-Chlamydia/Gonorrhea caused penile discharge. I've taken antibiotics 3 times. Symptoms go away then return in 3 weeks what is considered a good blood pressure what is considered a good blood pressure can degenerative disc disease cause thigh pain? What makes my blood pressure go up high and stay there when I am already taking medication for it? Is a rise in blood pressure common with syncope? Right eye vision got dark then small lights started shooting around then vision came back in 10 seconds. What was this? i take amlodipine besylate for blood pressure can i use vigra Does fish oil lower blood pressure? I am having woozy, headache, lightheaded on and off all day for the last 8 years. Do you have any advise?  My blook pressure is 170 over 118. I didn't get much sleep last night can that affect it? I feel fine. what would cause my blood pressure stay low after a max stress test Appendicitis how to treat erectile dysfunction with low blood pressure.  what if it doesnt burn to urinate it feels like it is stuck is that still a uti is 129 42 bp ok Occasionally, I have a 'condition' where I smell something similar to what diesel smells like every time I breathe.  My LDL is 201. My total cholesterol is 263. My weight is 139, Never smoked. Should I take medication? when monitoring blood presure, how many times per day should you check it What kind of doctor should I see for high blood pressure? WHY WOULD A DENTIST REFUSE TO CLEAN TEETH IF YOU HAVE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE? I am only 14 and i thiink my low blood pressure is caused by my Anti-Depressants. Is this bad? my mom is 87 her blood pressure is 120 over 65 i that ok what organ controls blood pressure When you have high eye pressure (23 one eye 29 the other) are other treatments normally tried before laser? I was prescribed Paxil and Buspar yesterday, took one of each, not a good combination? Feeling worse!  