What are some of the best over-the-counter solutions for diaper rash? I have a rash on my arms, hands, and back. It seems to be an allergic reaction. Im 5 months pregnant; what I can do? There is a large rash on my leg after getting several mosquito bites. I am sensitive to bug bites - should I be worried? When I am out in the sun, I get a rash, why? How do I know when a rash is serious enough to see a dermatologist? Could the amoxicillin my nephew just finished taking cause a rash all over his body? Does the frequency or intensity of malar rash indicate a lupus flare?  Which is better for an itchy foot rash -- Claritin or Zyrtec?  Can adult sunscreen lotion cause a rash on children? What causes diaper rash, and how is it treated? What can cause a skin rash? My two-month-old has a skin rash, with peeling and little bumps. What can I do? I recently got a rash on one side of my face. Could a change in birth control pills be causing this rash?  I am taking hydroxyzine every eight hours. It's not helping my itching or rash. Can I take more than one dose at a time? I'm treating my 2 year-old with amoxicillin for an ear infection. Can this cause a rash? Since taking Plavix, I have an itchy rash developing on my chest, arms, and back. Is this normal?  I was diagnosed with shingles and began treatment yesterday. The blisters turned to a spreading rash. What can I do?  Can diabetes lead to a rash? Is it common for diabetics to get rashes? I am unable to wear a wristwatch with a metal or leather strap because I get rashes on my wrist. What do you suggest? Can you get chicken pox from your children after they receive their varicella shots? My skin breaks out with a itchy rash after coming in contact with my pitbull. Is their anything I can do? I have a rash of very itchy tiny red bumps all over my legs, forearms and sides of my torso. Looks like eczema, Cure? I have a dry scaly looking rash on my arms, neck and mid back. It is really itchy.  Is impetigo highly contagious? A rash is appearing all over my body. started upper arms, then back, now penis Concerned because I had unprotected sex Are there risks involved with non-spinal injections of the fungus-contaminated steroid causing the meningitis outbreak? Female, 47 yrs. Red, scaly rash on my neck for several months. Tinea Barbarae was dx by Dr. Didn't cure.Cause?Cure? Does using Zanfel help deal with Poison Ivy rashes once you have rashes for a few days to two weeks? So are shingles contagious? my grandaughter has blister like rash on her hands. And was exposed to them. She's 3yrs old For about 3 months 81-year-old father gets a rash on his body every evening. Goes away and then comes back next evening. What does it mean when there is a red blotch on your scrotum? i have non painful, non itchy bruise like rash my the arch of my feet. What could it be? I will get nervous and jittery, my head itches and I cannot fall asleep before bed. i wake up in the am with a rash. Help, chest congestion, cough, rash ,sweating , body aches, low white blood count ,bottom number of BP High I had took a bath and my vaginal area starting to burning really bad. I have a rash on my lower legs just above ankles-no pain and no itching. Is this a circulation problem or what? I have a rash on my lower legs just above ankles-no pain and no itching. Is this a circulation problem or what? Baby has diaper rash turned yeast infection. No Dr for 3 DAYS! Any OTC or "tricks" to try? She is so uncomfortable! What kind of rash is scaly and located about the face, between the eyes, its itchy, caladril helps I have a skin rash that looks like ringworm but isn't. Its red and very itchy and spreading everywhere. What can i do? What medication is best for shingle pain after rash is gone its been going on for three months During work out or a hot a summer day temporary red vesicles appears on my skin and they itches until disappears. Why? I have bumps that resemble a rash near and under my armpits, on my chest, and near my groin. What could this be? I have a rash under my armpit what kind of treatment should I use? A group of 7 red bumps slightly raised and itchy. icthy and rashes problem wid my penis and anus???? deodarant gives me a burning rash under my arms, what can I use for it or as a replacement for deodarant? Rash on shoulder that moved to neck, left side and now a lump/swelling in front of neck. What could be the cause? my son has a rash all over his body that looks kind of like a heat rash but isn't red and doesnt itch, what is it? Can you have both a sinus infection and strep throat? my baby has had a cold with rash and acting unusal is there any possilbe it could be? I have a itchy rash that comes and goes, what could be causing this? is it serious when a child gets a rash with a cold?  Does a normal CBC indicate no bacterial infection, such as active syphilis? Daughter has the flu, sinusitus, and now has a red rash all over her body, eyes swollen and yellow underneath. ER? Can the rash from shingles be on two legs? Right leg has few scabs but MANY more on left leg.Is doctor visit necessary? What are some tips for home care of eczema around the eyes? Are pimple like bumps around an area of eczema common in a bad flare up? Why would a rash on my leg be warmer than the rest of my leg? my wife had rash in her upper part of vagina. was seen after the intercourse.looks the rash occured due to intercourse My adult son has an inflamed rash under his armpits that has blistered. It even hurts to go in the shower. What is it? Can rosacea cause a rash around the mouth? 11 month old with diaper rash for over 10 days with dime sized blisters filled with yellowish fluid around diaper area Really bad itchy irritating rashes on his upper body as in torso chest back neck ,shoulders, in evening what is it?. We have seen a dr for my baby's very severe diaper rash and are using RX cream, but nothing seems to work. ive been with the same partner for 9 yrs now and all of a sudden i have a rash on my vagina.. what could thiis be? 8 year old stomach pain for 12 days, rash, off/on vomiting, pale face I have a rash on both hands very dry and causes pain. What is it? i developed a rash on upper buttox,armpit and behind both knees, any idea what type of rash this could be? I broke out in a rash only on my face. what could it be? I have a skin rash in the gluteal cleft for about a month now, treated it with Jock itch ointment. Won't go away. Itchy! can an antibiotic through an IV give you a rash a couple days later? Do I have HIV? I have shingles and the rash is on my left buttock and also on my left labia. Is this an uncommon area for this? :( Had a sudden severe headache, numbness, nausea, blurred vision, seeing stars, rash and numbness hasnt left. What is it? i have a rash on the back of my hand that wont go away. had it for over 4 months and now its spreading. what could it be What is the cause of this vaginal itch, how should I treat it?  Treating a groin area rash with daily apps of triamcinolene cream for months.I stop for 1 day and rash returns.Ideas? I started Chantix a week ago and I'm expirencing some horrible side effects. My doctor isn't really helping.... is shingles a single blister or a rash?  red rash on buttocks Can bacterial vaginosis cause a painful rash with blisters? i have a rash under my right breast and i have been useing tac 0.1% and its not helping what could it be  can poison ivy rash return same place after 2 months? child has a rash causes by latex what causes a odor under a womans breast? It smells like feet. I have tried everything. noticed a rash on my butt, most receded next day except two now-scabs which have not hurt/itched at all. is this herpes? are shingles contagious Why am I getting a rash or blisters in the area between my testicles and anus? Both my 5 yo ( lt.side) and 8 yo (bilat) girls have red swollen nipples no visable insect bites or break in skin i have an itchy perineum and im not sure what is causing it.. there is no rash and i have tried lotions and creams. I've been taking Levothyroxin for over a year. I have developed a rash/hives that comes and goes. Is this related? I have a rash/welts that wake me up @ 2 am every day. What could it be? I have a small rash on both inner thighs only where my testicles touch. What could this be? is sulpher in doxycycline or prednisone? I have a very itchy rash behind my knee. It started as a cluster of little bites. What is it and how do I treat it? Can I continue with my workouts when I have a poison ivy rash? What causes the rash on the back of my head when I shave? My daughter has a rash on her face that looks like poison ivy. It is nowhere else on her. Could it be something else? I seem to be getting a rash from sweating? I take sulfamethoxazole tmp, and now have a skin rash. I was in the sun and 100 degree weather today. What do I do? I have skin redness/scratchlike rashes around my shoulder and arm area, not from scratching, but it looks just like it.  Can I get genital herpes if I already get fever blisters? When I mow grass, I develope an itchy "hive like" rash on hips/thighs. lasts 2 days. am I alergic to grass? What can do? My 3 yr old daughter has a small flap of skin on her anus Could pain thought to be kidney stones actually be shingles now that burning rash has appeared or could I have both? Is it safe to leave shingles untreated? Jock Itch Expert Needed i broke out in rash from deoderant what can i do How long should it take to get over strep throat? icthy rashy skin feels like pins poking you all the time what will stop the itch What could be causing an almost hivelike rash to appear on my daughter's skin when she comes in contact with cold liquid What can be done for Seborrheic dermatitis around the eyes? I have a kidney infection. After 3 days of high fever and new antibiotics I have skin rashes. Caused by fever or meds? I have a rash on my abdomin that looks shingles. I am 68 and had the vaccine over a year ago.  Length of Poison Ivy rash? 10 mth grandson has dry rash by left ear it has spread on his face/forehead and ear is weeping, red, sore. Thoughts? Hello. I play football and i always end up with a rash on my chin and forehead. Anything i can do? Why won't this strep infection go away? Can Chicken pox and shingles come at the same time / my daugter is swelling we got told its peanuts took that out but still having a reaction what can it be? What is this itch/rash that appears on the head of my penis after oral sex? how is shingles contagious My son got a scrape on his elbow. There appears to be a rash where the bandage was. Could this be an allergic reaction? non itchy rash 13 Days of rash on thighs and testicles now bumps with intense pressure and discomfort, what to do? On antibiotics/inhaler for bronchitis. Soon after starting meds, terribly itchy rash behind both knees. Drug allergy? Got a rash 5 days ago. Appears as small red/pink bumps and seems to spread more when scratched. All over body. can shingles rash spread? What causes Nausea, chills and a rash? Isn't there a rash some pregnant women get? is dry skin common during pregnancy? what can I use to relief skin rash when taking oxycodone? my 1 year old has diarrhea x2 days and just got done yesterday off amoxicillin, her butt is raw, can I give probiotic?  Can a child get scarlet fever while already taking antibiotics for strep throat?  Splotchy, rashy penis after masturbation Me1yr old got the chicken pox vaccine 2wks ago and developed a rash on her belly n face 2days ago. Is that normal? can eczema present any place on body? does heat rash and chicken pox look the same My 1 Year old has a wet cough, runny nose, and rash behind the ear and on his cheek. The rash is new. What is this? does doxepin help with skin rash I have a lump at the near end of my virginal area. It's not a blister,but it hurts.  What could cause year round severely chapped lips and fungal skin infections?  UTI vs NGU? Weird rash over body Pregnant and experiencing Shingles-like rash and side abdominal pain. Am I making a mistake by trying to wait this out? Can scapies be caught from exercise equipment? What happens if the pus from an abscess reaches the bloodstream? last week the doctor said that i have shigles today i have a rash from head to toe that itches is this normal? Can a Yeast infection cause a bright Redness from groin past rectum? do I have an STD can a blocked utera cause backup in the kidney of toxins and create skin rash and bumps i have a hot itchy rash that occurs at night in bed. It mostly clears up after a shower. how do i get rid of this rash? I have a circular skin rash that appeared a month or 2 ago. Maybe you know what it is and how to treat it ? had this rash for about half a year. It's ruining my life. What would cause a healthy 6 year old girl to have a rash on her genitals that resembles diaper rash? I have sensitive skin and can't find a sun block that won't break out in a rash. Anyone have suggestions? What is this rash on my penis? I have had the flu for a few days and now have developed a rash on my fore arms and hands and my knees and inner thighs. It looks like my baby has a diaper rash on her face, what could this be? She is exclusively breastfed, 3 weeks old. ankle rash for 5 years itches randomly tried presricption and over the counter creams, fungus? I keep. Having outbreaks of red rashes and clusrers of blisters. Mostly on 1side and 1 breast. Rash has many shapes?? My 22 year old daughter: No period in 5 months; skin rashes on chest and back; staph infections MRSA; weight loss Can powder with cornstarch like Gold Bond Baby Powder help with a 3 year olds heat rash under her arms? After giving my wife oral sex regularly, I developed a thrush rash in my mouth. What could cause this? e-coli in urnine sample but doctor advised not sure if bug or contaiminated I've been exposed to scabies at work but I have no visible rash,only itching,. Do I have scabies? small itchy bumps on my hands and now my entire body itches and I have two large rashes on my sides. Can you get a reoccuring rash (no bumps or sores) around your mouth from giving oral sex to woman? Can young children (age 2) get measles after having 1 MMR vaccine at 12 months of age? Skin infection and rash after cat scratch on leg. Very painful and itchy. Rash is small raised red bumps that peel. HOW LONG DOES RASH FROM STREP THROAT LAST Can you use beast milk on a diaper rash I have a red rash with red bumps on the backs of my hands mostly clustered around the base of my thumb and forefinger.  I have a light red sometimes purpleish rash on the shaft of my penis. I have tried using cortizone and a Lamisil Atf. rash,,itchy, red,scalely,discomfort scrotem Will Valtrex help with the rash that I broke out with after my son was diagnosed with mononucleosis? If not, what will? I have a rash on both of my upper arms Develop a rash whenever I come into contact with water... Sun Exposure problem, whats causing it? Is breaking out in a rash a side effect of amoxicillin or an allergic reaction  I started a new cholesterol medicine 3 weeks ago do I have a heat rash or an allergic reaction? It really itches  Can a heat rash under my breasts turn into a yeast infection? Is it possible to get heat rash when moving from one state to another After having a hesterectomy is it common to get protein in your urine and does it cause a rash in the vagina area. Do you think I have a std? Please answer I'm really worried i am a 13 year old boy. i am having skin irritation followed by skin rashes if i start to itch it. so please help! How do I tell the difference between my eczema and poison oak/ivey? They look so much alike! I have a rash in my groin area. The bumps are not sores or blisters and are not puss filled. What is it? Genital rash Can you take Benadryl for allergic reaction to Sudafed? bumpy red rash under breast..ITICHY  My boyfriend has a rash on his arm the next morning I woke up with the same rash on my stomach and its spreading further Can mosquito bites give high fever and hives? My skin has been itchy and i have a rash on my arms and legs whenever i scartch it , it turns into a big bump syphillis I have a red itchy rash on my back and stomach thats driving me crazy help I have a rash on the instep of my right foot, that comes and goes, what could be the cause? Since i was 12, i've been contact sensitive to water. The pain is immense and i never got it checked out. Should i? Can triamcinolone acetonide cream be used on the vulva or labia My boyfriend has a rash on his arm that is spreading that is itchy and burning? What could it be? Red, shiny penile skin after cortisone use Red, shiny penile skin after cortisone use How to get rid of the poison ivy rashes? is ED a side effect of gabapentin urinary tract infection, rash, burning urine 1 YR old boy has a yeast infection rash. We are going boating. Is it safe for him to go in the lake water with this? I have a red nipple and rash arount it Would it be pointless to visit a doctor years after contracting Lyme Disease? I have a healing wound at my ankle, but there is a very bad rash of what seems like acne, should I be worrried? Underarm rash during menstrual cycle does tamoxifen cause shingles I have noticed a rash under my arm it is not responding to hydrocortisone cream like it has in the past what should i do Can I use Calamine lotion on a sympton like heat rash? Both first sexual partners - Herpes? How can I help my baby outgrow what seems to be allergic reaction to chicken? I used pea protein for 8 days-turns out im allergic. Ive since stopped taking it. How long until it is out of my system? I've had this rash on my ankle for a year now. What could it be? I have a red rash on my penis in a few spots, and have red marks on a few other parts of my body. swollen inner ankles and ontop both big toes with a red hot rash surrounding the swelling? Help! What to eat with HSP? Is Auxilary yeast infection contagious? Can it spread to other people ? Can you get Fifth Disease twice within a three week period? Can overuse of tineacid cause penis issues? Male using this product since Aug. now has rash and soreness of penis  Small area on back rash pain itch tingling an burning what is it Having ringworms for a year now, appears near sweatin region ear,groin and butox region. Used onabet,fourderm,candid b Jock itch returns soon after 2 week dosage of Terbinafine hcl 250mg.  