I want to start running. How do I go about it? Will running help me lose weight? What are some tips for buying running shoes? Each time I use Astelin two sprays per nostril twice daily, my nose starts to run. Is that normal? I have run out of my prescription for Plavix. Should I take aspirin today until I can get a new prescription tomorrow? How often should I replace my running shoes? What could cause my knee pain that occurs only when I run? What can I do to relieve the pain from a latissimus dorsi strain, and when can I start running again? What is the best medication to give someone who is running a low-grade fever? My son is 7 and can swallow pills. He is running a fever. Can I give him one 200 mg ibuprofen pill? He weighs 53 pounds. I have always had regular periods. For the past two weeks, I have been spotting when I run every day. Is this normal? Have more than one symptom of preeclampsia doctor wont listen and run test what do i do? Is it possible for spinal stenosis to cause vertigo or dizziness? WHY WOULD YOU HAVE EXTREMELY HIGH LEVELS OF CALCIUM I'm 14 and for a few years now I have been very phlegmy what could be causing it ? Is it ADD/ADHD or something else? I have symptoms of a thyroid disorder, but results come back negative. What could it be? should my baby run fever while teething How long after a closed rhinoplasty is it safe to resume running and weight lifting exercises? #healthnut small soft dime sizelump on side of knee could this be a blood clot also had pain when deep breaths Is there a way you can make your period start a few days earlier than the actual date? Why does my nose run all the time? Continuous back pain constant hips pain when I sit, lay down, ride in cars and after I run. This has been over a yr,had no test, dr sd deal Had a ferritin test. came back as .8 (point 8) besides iron supplements, anything else to do? im 29, 295 lbs working out 5 days a week. what calorie intake should i be at to lose weight? What are these strange lines on my left shin? Started appearing about 9 months ago and are not scars or pressure marks. temp for 6 days. bladder kidney infec. dx on day 4/cipro x2daily. still fever, little urine o/p. Call Doc? or wait? What kind of rash is scaly and located about the face, between the eyes, its itchy, caladril helps What causes rumbling noise in both ears? when running i get a pulled vein in my leg .stings to the touch .is this a clot Physical activity like running or riding my bike makes my body colder the longer I do it. Also anxiety Is overhead pressing and pulling important in training? I have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? Is it safe for a coach to make our kids run until they throw up? I keep waking up with violent coughing, but feel fine and don't cough during the day. Should I go to the doctor? I have a very high metabolism and I can't gain weight. How can I lower my metabolism while exercising more? Left Chest pains while running I have been vomiting daily for the last 6 months with multiple tests run with no conclusion. Could it be nerves? Yesterday I started vomiting and running a fever of 101 F. Over 24 hrs later, I am experiencing sever abdominal pain. Is surgery an option for those having deep vein varicose? Only option is just wear the leg stockings whole life? I ve slipped disks since 4 yrs I dont have leg numbness but back pain.Does slip disks transform into cancer in long run For a 6'5" male age 45 @ 210 lbs, should the consumption of 5-7 beers per evening be cause for concern?  Is it possible to "alkalize" your body by drinking lemon juice in water? Is trying to alkalize your body beneficial? going to the bathroom every time you drink some water, juice or soda Do i have the flu or a cold? im 16 weeks pregnant.. yesterday i started spotting after having sex.its lightened up alot and i think i can still feel  my 8 year does not excercise, always complains of suffocation when running or playing My 15mo son walks and plays normally then will suddenly have an issue with leg. Won't put any weight on it. I'm just at the end of a cold, and my nose is running non-stop. what causes this and how do I stop it. Length of weakness from flu Why do I hit myself in the head when angry (usually until I see stars or ears ring) and how can I stop? I take wellbutrin and still have anxiety. Do I increase the dose or try something else? Husband's ACL and meniscus in right knee are tore. I need some ab exercises he can do without moving his legs, please. I've been running A TON, but i cannot seem to get in shape. What's going on here? My body temp has been at 94.2-96.8 of and on for over a week. other than hypothermia what could cause this? I have a lump on my chest, lots of pain, and I'm tired all the time. I have a family history of cancer, should I worry? I'm beginning to notice that I'm losing strength in my hands, things fall out of them, what's wrong with me ? What does one do when her partner is asexual? He could care less about intercourse,but is very affectionate otherwise Have I dislocated my knee?  i have to spit a lot when i exercise, primarily running which causes me to vomit afterwards. what does this mean? Should I continue exercise if I have a cold or bronchitis? can a cold virus settle in the muscles of your back How long can a diabetic be off their medications without complications of their sugar spiking too dangerous levels? Would a cold make a diabetic's sugar run higher? I have been feeling like I am being shocked, What makes this happen? sweating freezing no fever Does pickle juice really help with muscle craps? And if it does, why? Can my low blood sugars be the cause of significant weight gain? why do i cough after running I was treated for Labyrinthitis about 4 months ago. however, I still have ringing in my ear and is worse when showering. I had a cpk test run and the labs came back at 6487 what symptoms are present and what does this mean Why does my body feel like a furnace when I am not running a fever? My boyfriend says I am hot to the touch. 57 y/o male HBP on linisopril 20mg running fever BP is 140/90 not going down should take another BP pill One of my veins running from the pubic area down to my knee hurts. no colour change, but it feels swollen. Why is this? what tests are done to test the heart and lungs for excessive sweating If your doctor refuses to test you for something you think you have, should you switch doctors?  I need help finding a specialist and support group in my area for fibromyalgia/ CFS. Any suggestions please? i was runing sprints recently and now I am experiencing pain behind my right knee...should I see a doctor? My 2 year old daughter keeps coughing to the point where she vommiting but not running a fever is that normal?  Toddler with fever of 103 for 1 week, then fever of 101 for two weeks. why does the penis retract while running How can I stop my nose from running when at work due to a bad work environment from a poor/dirty ventilation system?  I am a healthy 25 year old male with hypertension 144/105. Lab work came back clean. I live an active lifestyle. Help? can excessive sweating cause a yeast infection? I have many symptoms to hypothyroidism. Is it possible that I can fall in normal ranges but still have the disease?  im concerned about my nephew 3yrs i believe he is autistic but his mom ignores my concern what should i do to help him possible cause of a severe headache with radiating lower back pain After taking antibiotic for pneumonia,my son is still coughing. Is that normal? how do i know when a man has reached my gspot during or after sex 2 wk ago my calf cramped and didn't release for 2 days, odd but tonight it happened again. Really a cramp? other? Could charley horses possibly strengthen the muscles? how long does it take to decrease fever after starting antibiotics What is wrong with my knee? Why do I get nosebleeds for no apparent reasons? What do you do if you've already been taking oral antibiotics and the drops for the ears and its not getting better?  I have chronic dry nose with tissue inflammation. All allergy tests were negative. What OTC products I can use to treat? How to loose male breasts? I was exposed to someone during an outdoor run who has shinggles. Can i catch it. can shrimp and french fries cooked in the same greese cause allergic reaction Doe exposure to heating oil fumes contribute to COPD? What to do with a facial staff infection that has returned after completing 2 separate cycles of 2X10 antibiotics? I work out at least 3x a week, every week. I've added running to my regimen, and gained 10 lbs!! Why??!!! Please help!! Im working on losing weigth loss (needed) My period is coming late is super light and long whats wrong im on day twelve my 4 year old son has been running a fever of 100.5 and now has a bad cough he says that everything hurts I have severe trust issues with doctors. How do I find a reputable doctor when I haven't been to one in 8 years? My doctors office sent my HIV rx to two different pharmacies. I would like to fill both, will my insurance pay for both? Can you give a 10 month old rice milk instead of formula? 2 yr old that is running low grade fever (101.4), drinks a small amount of liquids and fills 2 diapers peeing.  I have a dull pain in my right lower abdomen and groin. It hurts when I sneeze. How can I tell hernia vs muscle strain? Rash and blister after tick bite, should I see a doctor? My son was stung on his palm. It was red and swollen, but the redness is now running up his wrist. What is wrong? I've been taking Claritin D for the past 2 weeks for my seasonal allergies and it's not working. What should I do? my hair falls out in the shower, brushing it and while just running my fingers through (handfulls) help. not normal plz Should I get my lower back looked at if I injured it 4 years ago? i need help i weigh 350 lbs I cant do it alone an no one to help me how can i get help dr say im killing myself When I run I have pain from the back of my ankles to the front of my knees. What could this be  how do you treat a sore achilles tendon I run, while running I have had a pain on the top of my foot behind the fourth toe, a bruise shows up the next day??. Shiny Red sores on outer Labia (line running from top to bottom), had for 3 years - now 17 Yrs old. How much longer until two hip tendon tears heal? I'm 21 and I have no sex drive anymore why is this and what can I do to get it back??? I was running with flip flops on and slipped and sliced the bottom part of my heel and it has been bleeding for 3 days I sat down and became dizzy and slightly light headed. My right arm and hand became numb and had difficulty thinking. what do you do for a lower abdominal muscle strain? Is it a good idea to run again after still feeling wheezy lungs and cough from yesterday's run? I have high triglycerides and high LDL's and I'm in excellent physical shape. How do I lower these levels without meds? I have weakness and tingling and a feeling of lazyness in my right side (arm, leg, face) I was running and I fell and hit my ankle on the sharpe edge of a binder hurts bad no swelling I'm wearing a brace How long before we should start seeing signs of zithromax working? Its been 3 days and still running 103.2 fevers what could be the cause of no symptom incontinence? when will my heart rate go back to normal after exercise excessive sleeping in day ,continuous running thoughts and attention problem,suicidal thoughts,hoplessness, weight loss, My foot falls asleep while working out after recently injuring it, should I be worried it's not getting circulation? My childs temperature always runs higher (99.8 or higher @ all times of the day) with a temporal scanner thermometer  what blood tests should be run if you suspect anemia? Can Lymph Nodes come back? have painful knots around my ears and in the back of my neck running a fever what are they What kind of knee problem could I have? Have severe sore throat extreme pain swallow cough run nose. Dr say viral. Taking mucinex for days no help. Suggestions? i am a runner with bursitis of the hip. what type of runing shoes should i wear? lots of support or minimal support? When I sleep, my legs appear to be running. What causes this?  I am an avid runner but since starting 25 mg of HCTZ, my stamina and speed has dropped off greatly. Is this correlated? Fitness which type of workouts make me get fit faster; bycycling or running? Dizines after runing or walking Having pain around knees, on the side that seems to run down leg some. Gets worse at night.  9 days post op for hysterectomy, been running low grade fever and now light vagional bleeding. Is this normal? why do i not register a temperature when im sick and burning up? Can HSV-2 cause HSV-1? I'm thirteen years old and whenever I run or even walk my heels hurts. It is a sharp pain and consistant. What's wrong? What test do they run to see if you have this? why wont doctors do what i ask Despite regular cardio exercise and eating healthy, I can't seem to lose weight? Pain in right palm radiating down arm to approximately 3/4 to elbow. When on BP meds and BP continues to run high (150/100), along with headache, when should medical attention be sought? When can you return to running/jogging after a bartholin cyst is removed? How safe is it to be exercising above your "target" heart rate of 85% max heart rate? See specific details below. is it ok to run while your in third trimester while pregnant Do surgeons look for marijuana in a urine test during Pre-Admission testing for open hip surgery? If my 1 year old is getting over a cold (nose is sometimes running), is it safe for her to get the 2nd dose of flu shot? Should blood pressure be high after exercise Knee pain when bending/running Is it normal for a vein on my right testicle to harden? (not leading up spermatic cord, but on the "front" the testicle) MRSA and causes abnormal scab healing feels like there's something in my eye but there isn't and it makes my nose run but stuff at the same time I have excruciating pain around the top of my LCL especially when putting weight on bended knee. What's best treatment? Motion sickness in the bus if i run to catch it running a temperature of 101.9 accompanied with a sore throat after being in the cold for a few hours can i get birth control early? Put on Keflex 5 days ago for an ear infection. still running a low grade fever and having ear pain. Is this normal? Does TT injection needs to be taken once every 6 months or after sustaining cuts with a sharp object? My daugher is 4 and has the flu, if she is still running a fever for going on 48hrs when should I take her to the ER?  my son has had a viral infection for a week and is now running a temp around 101f, is this normal My normal body temp is 97.9, i am running 102.2 Does this mean I have "more" of a fever than ppl w/98.6 deg normally? Can an adult have 103 fever with the flu? Knee shifted inward while running. Help me please..!? Painful!! Can't bend or straighten it. Can an infant have ear tube surgery if they have RSV? I've had the flu for five days along with having massive episodes of yellow watery diarrhea. Suggestions? My daughter, 13yrs old has been running a fever for 3 days over 102. The Dr said she has H1N1.How do I get fever down? Why would someone with high blood pressure have their blood pressure get dangerously low? my son was given penicillin after his gf had prenatal ck up. GF had discharge something in iv dur. labor. what for? I have been bleeding for a year. Will progesterone reverse my cycle? Scared to take it again because its wat started it? Can an underactive thyroid cause severe bradycardi?And can thyroid medication also cause it? does having surgery really help my daughter 15, works out 4 days a week takes vitamins but seems to gte sick every few weeks, is she just run down? My grandson has had headaches and also running fever with it for over a month now not understanding why. Any opinions How to keep your dog from running away does synthetic underwear cause jock itch?  for a while now i have been real dizzy and it gets worse bending over and cant lay down i almost fall when i walk Are there aids for a wrist sprain? Wearing a sock around my wrist as the weather gets cooler helps a little bit. Why my skin stings when am running I am living in Japan and dont know whom to turn to regarding bladder issues My 4 1/2 month Old is batteling allergies. What can I give her? My daughter has a white film on her tongue that will not wipe off and she has a white film on her tonsils. Can you have a herpes outbreak and yest inction at the same time? Lupus causes me extreme fatigue. I get weak, shakey and my chest just starts to pound. I can't think straight.  can you run a fever with allergies? Is running with ankle weights bad for you? My dad is 65 has weak spells, dizzy and slurred speech..only last about 15 minutes or so? can you run a fever with pink eye Which food that I should take and avoid to banishing belly fat?  My 23 mth old has had a swollen lymp node on the backside of his neck for almost 5 months, his Dr. won't run test. in 1982 i had a operation and had a blood transfusion i also got yellow jandice from the blood. I'm trying to join the marines and have to make weight. How much water can I safely lose to get down to my weight? My mom is 75 and is hearing things like running water when there isn't any and gets agitated and not sleeping help bruised shin, numbness and indent on 13 yr old. should we follow up with primary care physician Is 2 1/2 hours of running bad to do for an effective weight loss? Why does my bladder feel like it is going to explode? What anti-depressants are known to have the side effect of Restless Leg Syndrome?  I have a hard lump on my butt cheek and been running a fever at night for the past two nights. Would clindamycin help? Do joggers have higher psa numbers? How to get off of Diet pills? What is this on my butt? need help with pains in my chest; what does it mean when you have cramps under your ribcage? can i give my son benadryl while he is taking amoxicillin for ear infection I may need knee replacement surgery soon. I have always been quite bowed legged. Will the procedure straighten my legs? im almost fifty next month and my piriot reapears.is this is normal Should I go back to therapy? I have a pain, seems to be coming from the back of my knee, when i bend it from straight position, kneel on it or squat. I have Gest.Diabetes Im 24wks with twin my A1C 6.3 and my fasting labs are over 140 range to confirm so Am I Gest.? severe stomach pain every morn. untill about noon time.  Why is my cat keeping his mouth open with his tongue out. He's not cuddly, and doesn't want me looking at his mouth. I need to know if my self-harm wound is infected and if what I'm feeling is normal for only 24hrs after I did it. what stage is Cirrhosis of the Liver when the person becomes delusional ? Can exercise delay a period?(20 days late). Past 2months Ive been running everyother day/exercising 30 min every night my 7 year old's tongue and roof of mouth is white, not painful, but running low grade fever the past few days what is soft tissue lesion in regards to an injury HOW LONG SHOULD A BABY RUN A FEVER WITH A VIRIS I was diagnosed at 14 years old with two of these cysts on either side of my spine. I'm now 46 and I still have them. Is using my inhaler before every dance class okay ? Can you get shin-splints at the end of cross country season? I went to the ER last night with chest pain going into my right arm. I have a pacemaker/defibuator set at 60 bpm -pulse has been running over 125 bpm -should I go to the hospital? My period is 6 days late I have taken 2 hpt and a blood test (all were negative) could I be pregnant? Does the Mirena cause enlarged breasts Priapism What are symptoms of congestive heart failure how effective is suprax Does using an elliptical machine at the gym burn more calories than running on the street or bike riding? 