What causes vaginal bleeding during or after sexual intercourse? What can I do to have an active sex life as I age? Is bleeding after sex a big deal? Is it possible for a woman to have a satisfying sex life if she has a terrible body image? How often do married people have sex? What is the most common cause of sex problems among men and women? What are the risks of a man getting STDs by giving a woman oral sex? How can sleeping improve my sex life? I heard a crack while having sex and now Ive lost my erection. Twice this week I got a mind-numbing headache during sex. Should I be concerned? I start with a healthy erection during sex, but it never lasts very long. Could this be ED or some kind of mental block? Could I have gotten HIV from having oral sex with an HIV-positive partner? How are sex and sleep related to diabetes? Is it normal for a woman to bleed after having anal sex, and if so, how long does it usually last?  Is staying a great weight better than sex? Is sleep sex, also known as sexsomnia, a real disorder? What are some tips for using lubricants during sex? Is it normal to bleed for two weeks after anal sex? What is a "no sex contract" as part of sex therapy? I am having some minor urinary incontinence after having prostate sugery. How do I handle sex in this situation? What can you use to protect yourself from infection during oral sex? Is it safe to have intercourse with my husband while he is taking Cytoxan?  Why is it critical for parents and teenagers to be talking about sex? What are some ways that those with fibromyalgia can enjoy better sex and intimacy? How does fibromyalgia affect sex and intimacy, and how can we address these problems? Is it possible to have bladder leakage during sex? It can be continuous leakage at times. While on birth control, I took an antibiotic and was late taking birth control pills. Could I be pregnant if I had sex? Is it okay to have sex if I have shingles? If sex is painful, will avoiding sex cause it to hurt less? Does intercourse or oral sex increase the risk of a recurrent yeast infection? What worries heart patients when it comes to sex?  Do cardiac rehabilitation programs address sex?  What are some of the warning signs to stop sex right away?  Is sex part of an overall healthy life and a sign of a healthy heart? While having sex, I felt a hard painful snap inside my penis halfway up. A hard elongated lump is now there. What is it? How long do you have to take Microgestin FE before it's safe to have sex and be protected from pregnancy? How long after taking Uroxatral can you have sex? Is it safe to have sex if I am spotting between my periods? If I am trying to get pregnant, when should I have sex if the ovulation predictor kit tells me what day I ovulated?  How common is bleeding after sex?  Is there a relationship between the frequency of sex and a healthy prostate? i feel belly pain whenever i get turned on before sex or during sex what cauases that Had unprotected sex for over a month with a partner that is positive for herpes 1 and 2 can I get it? Is it okay for vaginal discharge to come out while receiving oral sex? Whenever my husband ejaculates (w/o a condom), I have an excruciatingly painful burning sensation in my vagina. Why? had sex on fertile days when should I check if pregnant? If I got my wife pregnant right before she tested to see if she was ovulating, would the test show positive? I had unprotected sex and the next day i got my period, can i still get pregnant? I am on birth control on the third pill of the last row was wondering should I/Can I take 2 of a new packet to be safe? if i had sex during my period, and didnt use birth control, can i be pregnant? What precautions should be taken while having a sexual intercourse with a bent penis? Husband and i had unprotected sex twice and twice he ejaculated, next day i get my period. Can i still get pregnant? Is Herpes 2 transmitted only through sexual intercourse? does wellbutrin show up in male seamon My gf started to get her period last night and we had sex. I came inside of her vagina. Could she be pregnant?  My gf started to get her period last night and we had sex. I came inside of her vagina. Could she be pregnant? Can you get pregnant without having sex? had sex around ovulation.took plan b 28 hrs later. got period a week later.suppose to get it next week.result of planb? what will make me go soft when having sex. Due date of February 10, 2013. Had sex w a guy on 5/17 w a condom an had sex with a guy on 5/20 w out a condom. Father? Me and my boyfriend had sex early friday morning on my 18th cycle day. Will there be a chance I will become pregnant? Could it not be herpes? I've been on my period for ~6 weeks. I am a 16 yo. There is extreme pain and sensitivity in my vagina,and itching. Help? Does having sex from the back (doggy style) or just regular sex make your butt fatter or bigger? I'm 16, girl, and i've had my period for 2 years. Now i havent had it for 4 months. NOT pregnant, i've never had sex.. Missed first pill of new pack took 2 next day now a week later have spotting is this normal need to worry about pregnant Why am I not able to have sex with my girlfriend though I am able to have sex with my wife? Please advise me and my ex boyfriend now have the herpes virus, should we still use a condom if we have sex with each other? is it ok to have sex with a cyst on your penis? I had a one night stand with protection. Is it likely that I have contracted an STD? I'm a virgin, but have vaginal itching, soreness, green/yellow discharge, what is wrong with me? how long after sexual intercourse will one know if they have herpes during sex i cant keep wet i enjoy having sex with my boyfriend how can i solve this problem had sex october 29th and my boyfriend came inside me, my period is not due until NOvember 12 th.. ive gained weight, I don't know what is wrong with me, but im 20 years old and i recently stopped being able to have erections When should I take a pregnancy test? I had sex 2 days after getting off of my period. Used condom but want to be sure. what can cause vaginal discharge and pain? Two days after Ovalation Why did I get cramps after sex with husband that is still going on after 8 hours. Sex is great, Burning, itching, yellow discharge from vagina. Is it a yeast infection?  i had sex 2 days before my period but my next month period is late or missing. so can i be pregnant? My wife and I have sex about once a week, but it is obligatory sex for her part. Is this a problem? Im a 18 year old female and I never haf sex yet and my period is a week late. What can be the problem? i havent had my period in 6 months then i got it for two weeks nowi havent gotten it in 5 months and have not had sex. are urinary tract infections contagious is a home pregnancy test accurate 5 days after you missed your period? i am a gonorrhea patient. but i never had sex. i just kissed a girl twice. so what is the reason?i m so depressed.pls hp i am a gonorrhea patient. but i never had sex. i just kissed a girl twice. so what is the reason?i m so depressed.pls hp I have CHF, HBP, and kidney disease, i cannot hold an erection during sexual intercourse If I stop taking my pill and resume them after 1 month, with no sex inbetween, what are my chances of getting pregnate? I'm 41 and have had moderate outer vaginal itching but no discharge. Haven't had sex in 2 months What happens if you bleed during sexual intercourse, at the same time having period symptoms but no period? If a women has a UTI is it contagious to a Man she has had sexual intercourse with? My penis is dry w/small cut, Im thinking its from having sex with girlfriend.Can I put some kind of moisturizer on it i am a 26 year old female mother of 2 an i have no feeling when having sex i cant tell if ive cummed What reason is my glans and penis have erythema and blisters after having sex with my wife? Could I have caught somthing from my ex? small white bumps on the bottom sides of my penis shaft? We had our son 22 days ago. 9 days after delivery we started having sex again, could I become pregnant? On birth control but I skipped the sugarpills and started a new pack. Had sex-condom. Pd for last month, possible preg? When did i get pregnant if im due February 16th 2013? after having sex with a girl a day or two after she will get a vaginal odor. why? whats wrong with my semen, its thick. My boyfriend has a severe bladder infection... Did he get it from having sexual intercourse w/a female? Had sex with my fiance last night.. After we finished, I noticed he had a tick on his penis. On Birth Control Pills and used a condom but it came off could there be a chance I could be pregnate? Why does my boyfriends sperm come back out after we have unprotected sex? If I took birth control one dat and had sex the next day.Can I get pregnant? can you have your period while pregnant i was 5 days late and now that i got its a brown color and i had unprotected sex while ovulating could i be pregnant Do all women reach orgasm during intercourse? I'm 55 and have never been able to have one this way. I am unable to manitain an erection for long. it just goes a way in the middle of sex without warning. When it comes to sexual activity I have no probelms ejaculating except when she is preforming oral sex why is this? i have 2 parteners, how long should i wait to have unprotected sex with either one before it is safe again?...  I found 3 seperate itchybite looking scabs on the midshaft of my penis. Not even 5mm in diameter and dont hurt. can someone get pregnant if the condom didn't bust. Im 19, my penis is under 5inch when erect. Is this normal? HELP i'm scared to have sexual intercourse. I just started birth control for the first time. I took seven pills and on the 8th day I had sex. Was I protected? How long does a girl need to be on the pill in order to safely have unprotected sex? After sex this morning I got stomach cramps that turned into SHARP constant stabbing pain from vag. to my anus. Ideas? Why am I unable to have an orgasam after enjoying complete orgasams previously? Could I be pregnant? I can't keep an erection when using a condom. If I take the condom off I regain erection. What can I do to fix this? Is it ok to have sex while I have a UTI? The last time I had sex its hurt more then is use to and after i found three white bumps what could this mean My wife is pregnant for 4 months now, but she doesn't wanna have sex with me, what should i do? cheat or wait? What is the fleshy area between the urethra and the vaginal opening? Can it get in the way during sex? Does a woman always bleed after 1st time sex? I can't maintain an erection at the time me and my partner are about to have sex. What could be the problem? How can I shorten the duration of my menses? Could i have hiv after 20 years of safe sex? i dry up during sex..i start out fine...but then dry up, i don't know why? What is a cramp in my abdomin,more in the middle than to one side when I urinate.It lasts only a few minutes after I go. I am 21 years old and have been married for about 2 1/2 years. However, I have no sexual drive. What could cause this? what to do with 19 year old that just wants to have babies? Chances of being pregnant after having unprotected sex within the 10th-12th week of being on the depo shot? Shap abdominal pain in upper left side of a male??? i have NO interest in sex. don't hurt,enough lubrication,get along great,just don't care anymore--why? Why can you never have anal sex after a stapled hemorrhoidopexy? Is it possible to get pregnant when i have irregular periods and my boyfriend has low sperm count? If a partner in a marriage is HIV and his or her count is undetectable is it ok too have unprotected sex how soon after open surgery for a inguinal hernia can i have sex again? planning to have a baby,should i have sex "everyday" on my wife's fertile days? my semen vol drops below 2mL if everyday i have abdominal pain in my lower region for past two days. is this due to implantation of egg? Could My Girlfriend Be Pregnant? Can Chlamydia still show negative if sexual intercourse has only been 6 days that u believe you were infected? my uterus is tilted and my cervix is upfront and my uterus in back could this make sex painful? can a person pass on H pylori through kissing or sex to another person? me and my boyfriend had oral sex 2 times this week. i wanted to know, does having oral sex push back your period? why does my penis seem smaller then usual and cannot get an errection Took pills late 2 days in a row after sex with a maybe leaked condom. Chance of pregnancy? Have been on Yaz for 2 years. Causes of genital warts without sex? My penis is slightly bend towards right, does it going to affect my sex life and how to cure it. My boyfriend had a UTI a few months ago and now has no sexual drive. What could be causing this? What can cause a period to be late? Is it safe to perform oral sex on my infected partner if there are no symptoms present? I wanted to know if it was okay to have sex after giving birth, I gave birth 5 weeks ago and wanna have sex. Is it safe? For years I have have had delayed ejaculation, no sexual hangups, but now find that I am becoming less interested in sex How long should I wait to have sex after having a Hysteroscopy, Nova Sure and a Thermal Abaltion outpatient procedure? I am having trouble keeping my penis hard during vaginal sex. The feeling/sensation in my penis seems to disappear. I am experiencing spotting, cramping and frequency in urination, but I feel a jolt of pain when I pee. I had anal sex and now I cant seem to go to the bathroom. Please Help. I allowed a girl to give me unprotected oral sex; I never ejaculated and her lips and teeth seem ok. What are my risk? sharp pain in lower right back during sex, regularly but not all the time, always on the right side? 6th month of pregnancy, no pain but can feel a soft, sac like something in my vagina, what is this? I had protectef sex with my boyfriend on 14 december on ovulation day.my last period on 28 november.i am having breastt Is it safe to have sex while having a common cold? I always get severe muscle pull in my thighs or lega during sexual intercourse. Can my partner and I have sex with HPV? I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend a day before my period started he did not ejaculate in me can i get pregnant? am i pregnant? "I had unprotected sex he pulled out then wiped himself off then put it back in but did not cum inside me Is it safe to have sex during radiation treatment for cancer? I was due for the depo shot december 21st ..didn't get it and had unprotected sex the next day. am i pregnant? What does one do when her partner is asexual? He could care less about intercourse,but is very affectionate otherwise Will going to the bathroom almost immediately after sex decrease chances of pregnancy? I want to know if there a chance you can get pregnant if you have sex the day after your period stops? regular 28 day cycle im 4 days late test negative weve been trying for years to have another baby whats wrong with me? Is itching, leaking, and smell in the vaginal area a sexual disease? How can it be cured? what is the white female cum? i have a first time sex experience,23 aged boy using a condom, but i just ejaculated even bofore inserting into her,WHY? why during sex is my uterus get so tight that it hurts my partner? I got my period on Dec 26, 2012.Unprotected sex during ovulation per which was around Dec.12, 2012.Could i be pregnant? my wife had rash in her upper part of vagina. was seen after the intercourse.looks the rash occured due to intercourse my menstral cycle takes 30 days,i had sex with my bf on 13th day,is there any possibility that am pregnant? i had unprotected sex the 28th of dec my ovulation didnt start till the first of jan and ends the 5th am i pregnant why do i keep spotting blood for 2 months? Pregnancy symptoms, missed period, sickness, but nipple stimulations. Not sure? i have the mirena IUD and recently i had unprotcect sex, could i be pregnant? I am about to get married and have never had intercourse before, I worry that my vaginal opening is too small for him. I have a yellow discharge...no sex for a month..no smell or irritation just gotta keep pantyliners on...not sure?? no period after only having one depo shot  why is my period less painful than usual?  calm someone down who gets nervous to have sex for first time Can my body trick itself into having the same symptoms as pregnancy if Im worried about it? My boyfriend is 35 years old and watches pornography with mch older women twice his age. Is this normal? Who is the father? i have discharge after having sex, what could it be ? once your exposed to hepatitis does the virus stay with you forever or can u be hepatitis free?...... CAN 5 YEAR OLDS HAVE SEXUAL INTERCOURSE I can feel bumps on my cervix, my husband can too. I had a normal pap 1 1/2 years ago. Could I have cervical cancer? sex with with man A then started my period, then after the period had sex with man B became pregnant, could man A be dad No period in nine months, why? me and my husband had unprotected sex 2 weeks before my period came could i still be pregnant? My boyfriend and I had sex using both the pill and a condom. The condom broke. Should I worry about rubber inside me? can a person with shingles spread it through intercourse How long should I lay on my back and keep my hips elevated after intercourse when trying to conceive? Am I pregnant, having a miscarriage, or is this just nothing to worry about? Can women have sex if they have tested positive for HPV? Boyfriend has ex-girlfriend that insists is like a sister. Talks to and sees her more than me. No sex. Emotional affair? need expert advice so stressed out its unreal Can you get trichomoniasis from oral sex Can a man with HPV transmit the virus by performing oral sex on a woman ? my boyfriend won't have sex I'm stuck, should I forget him and move on or can you tell me what I can do? Should foreskin be retracted before intercourse? I have been so emotional the last week and senstive breast but I had period after ovulation date could I be pregnant? when can i take pregnancy test? I had sex with my gf on friday,she was suppose to start her period yesterday and didn't. Can she get pregnant that fast? Hello. I am an 18 year old cheerleader. I haven't seen my period since late October last year. Any advice? I took Next Choice One Dose, and have experienced quick bursts of heavy bleeding. Is this normal? My girlfriend believes she had a herpes breakout 17 years ago, is it possible to go that long without another? Could I be pregnant Dots on penis shaft I am 24weeks pregnant with low laying placenta.I have been told no intercourse can I do other stuff without penatration? i'm 11 weeks pregnant and have cramps right after sex, is that normal? i had a protected sex and my condom was intact after sex but she applied some hand lotion on condom,will it cause hiv I am recently married,my hubby intersted in sex only 1ce in 3/4 days.How can i make him hav it for atleast 1ce i 2 days? slightly yellow/green penile discharge im pregnant but i had sex yesterday and he came in me is that bad Had sex, a week later instead of my normal period had alittle blood when wiped. Now im sick to stomach and nipples itch. Do people just troll dumb questions on here for laughs, or are people really this clueless about sex? I have been bleeding for 30 days or more bright red blood with dark clots increasing pain in my abdominal and back . Can being at higher elevation cause erectile dysfunction? i had sex saturday night at 3am the condom broke and i took the after pill monday.  Am 52 yr healthy male. had good sex life. since 6 months it is flacid, difficult to insert.  Irregular period,last month it came one week early.Period is 6days late, I had sex 3 days before period, no craps preg? I'm a male and have no symptoms of any STD. But, when I have sex w/ my girl, she has an odor the next day. Any thoughts? three month we were having sex but her vagina is too loose as same as before?is she having sex with oters guys? Can a girl get pregnant from precum the day after her period, then taking the morning after pill. Is it possible to see a yoke and tiny fetus connected to the side of it in a sonogram 10 days after sexual intercourse? Iwhat could cause bleeding and pain during sex, ive been with same man for 1 1/2 and last 3 times had pain and bleeding why am i bleeding after sex? I cycle pills to not get my period (3 years now) and only recently started bleeding how soon after a hysterectomy can i have oral sex Could I conceive after immediately stopping birth control pills? Why has my sex drive gone away after I quit drinking alcohol? Had sex on fifth day of my missed period? Had pink spotting after. Is this my period? Have not had any more spotting. every time i have sex i bleed could there be something wrong? I've been told you cannot get pregnant during your period, is that 100% true because that would be the only way I am. My boyfriend suggested the depo shot so we could eliminate condoms. And im worried about side effects. Is it safe? not able to ejaculate while having sex I have had sex one time with a person infected with HPV. What is the percentage I will get HPV. They have genital warts. What would cause vaginal bleeding the next morning after intercourse?? Why do I have painful stinging while urinating after intercoarse? Can contraceptive films play a part in that? what should i expect might happen after having a cervical biopsy? Can too much sex cause vaginal dryness? can you have oral sex while using conceptrol? what is a comfortable position for intercourse for an over weight man After anal sex, I experienced extreme nausea, cold sweats, and lethargy - no other symptoms. Was this related, and why? I had sex yesterday and now my penis is bruised and I cant get an erection. Will this heal with time? how long after having sexual intercourse can i take a pregnancy test and get a valid answer?  Boyfriend brought up sex and I'm kinda scared. if i had sex february 9th to the 15th could i be pregnant? my period is suppose to be on february 27th. I had unprotected sex on day 20 of 28 day cycle, period is 4 days late and experiencing pregnancy symptoms. Pregnant? I often have UTIs and Yeast infections after sex. What can I do? My partner has herpes (anal). Is oral sex ok? is kissing with tongue ok? Is pleasiuring each other by masturbation ok? Does being uncircumcised cause a greater risk of transferring hpv during oral sex than having a circumcised penis? is a urinary trac infection transferable female to male during sexual intercourse Could I be pregnant? Can i be pregnant on my second week of birth control pills? Pregnant? On Tricyclen lo. Began on Day 1 of my cycle (day 1 of period). Am now ten days in. Is it safe to have unprotected sex? if my husband and i had sex two days before ovulation can i still get pregnant last period was Jan 17. Sex on feb 3/4. Preg test on Fed 23 was neg. But i feel pregnate.Can i be? Can I be pregnant if I had unprotected sex the 4th day of being on the depo? I have a papercut feeling on the outside upper part of my vagina. it also itches. what is it Can I transmit HPV to my boyfriend through oral sex? I noticed this small skin like growth on my penis shaft this past week. Greetings. My wife of 17 years and I EACH want to be seduced by the other. However, last night, we had VERY GOOD sex.?? can you get hpv without having intercourse?  if i have the cancerous strain of HPV, can i still get genital warts? I talk to myself ALOT. Whats wrong with me? Can a woman get pregnant and have a period two weeks later? can tooth decay in a man's mouth cause a woman to have a yeast infection through oral sex? If I have intercourse with someone that is allergic to amoxicllin while im taking it will they have a allergic reaction? I am 24 and married but feel as if my sex drive is dwindling. Any reasons as to why? can a woman still have sex after having reproductive organs removed? can you get hpv when you have never had sex Is it safe to have sexual intercourse if you have an inguinal hernia? how do i know when a man has reached my gspot during or after sex what does it mean to miss your period for 4 months???? What if you have unprotected vaginal intercourse within 24 hours of starting birth control? my bf and i had sex 2/28 got period 3/1 it came early., i feel crampy and have back pain, coukd i be pegnant? my bf and i had sex 2/28 got period 3/1 it came early., i feel crampy and have back pain, could i be pregnant? I am having sex with 2 women. Is it possible to get an STD if I am their only partner? After having 4 kids, I no longer can feel my organsms, why? can a woman be pregnant 14 days after sexual intercourse? Bleeding after sex, pain during urination - not chlamydia, not UTI. I ovulated on the 7th March, and had sex on that same day... What are the possibilities of my being preganant My toung might be infected, how do I know for sure? My live in boyfriend loves porn but has not had sex with me in 2 years. What is the problem? is precum more potent than regular ejaculation lot of fluid come out of my vaginal area that smelled like old urine after I had an orgasam... Implantation bleeding or period?! HELP!! Penis head irritated I was never tested for hiv/aids but is it possible to test positive over 10 years from unsafe sex exposure?  is it unhealthy if a womens husband ejaculates inside her every time after sex? I 'm 42 .Had a lite period last month until day 7 then heavy period for 3 days. Now this month I am 8 days late. Is it possible to start your period a week early?  can post menopause women have a highened sexual libido thats out of the norm will testocerone treatments enlarge my penis? I am past my period date and my pregnancy test came negative, Am I still pregnant ? i had sex 11 yrs ago before my wife. is there chance of getting gonorea from that girl as i'm having the symptoms now. How soon does a man produce more sperm after intercourse? i missed one week of birth control then had unprotected sex what are the chances of pregnancy? I just started noticing these two small knots next to my crouch and they hurt a lot when i touch it had oral sex 5 years ago didnt take test until two weeks ago from oraquick and it said negative. can i move on? I am a man attracted to male masculinity but want to have sex with women.I also get turned on by myself in gym at times! Is it normal to bleed a lot during sex for the first time? Now it burns whenever I pee. 33 wks preg and doctor says no sex but wondering can we have oral sex? I have 1 ureteral stent in, is it possible to still have sex? I have pain around my pelvic area when having sex during my ovulation period only. what could be happning to me? I had unprotected sex 12 days ago I took morning after pill and had a period 3 days later can I still be pregnant Is it possible to have HVP and have unprotected sex and not pass it on to my partner? can methadone be transmitted thru sperm or sexual intercourse or sweating to other people? I'm a 35 year old woman Why is it that right before my period I don't want sex at all, but I'm extremely horny after it? I can ejaculate multiple times but my first ejaculation is within 2-3 minutes, how do i delay this? why would i be spotting for almost 3 months Im 43 and have lost all interest in sexual intercourse with my spouse. Could this be related to a change in hormones? i have genital herpes. i am on meds. no out breaks for three years if i use condoms during sex can i spread herpes? My lido is low because I am menopausal and my ovaries were remove my sex partner is tell me I need a sex therapist why is sex so painful and then I start to bleed? Can you spread a UTI sexually? i have headaches and migraines like every other day! Why??? orgasm is painful in the ovary region what can cause this missed the 6th pill in birth control pack? odds of becoming pregnant? Red patches on head of penis, bad odor. It has been 12 years since last sex. No pain. do you always ovulate as soon as a birth control pill is missed.in a 28 day pack I am 38 and he is 42. We took some time off and had sex without birthcontrol during what I believed was my "safe" time Peroid is 2 days late, had sex day before my period was going to start,will i start if i'm pregnant? i haven't had my period for 3 months and started bleeding during intercourse I don't know why. if you do sex every alternate day on the week of your ovulation will you be pregnant with a boy? I am 19 years old. I was supposed to start my period 4/4 and it is 4/9 today. I have not had sex. is this normal?  how to find out if you'r pregnant with a irregular menstration? I stop taking the depo shot three months ago I've been having unprotected sex can I still get pregnant??? My first time to have sex. Will I be safe if I start taking the birth control pill one week before we have sex? Can a girl get pregnant from just precum? I had unprotected sex 2 days ago with my fiance, now I am spotting. Can I be pregnant? Is porn healthy to watch to masturbate? is it normal and ok? does it affect your sexual arousil during intercourse? what are the chances of being pregnant If a girl gets sand in her vagina and have sex, and if there was to be sperm would it be easy to find for a doctor? I am post menopausal and sex has become painful and I have a blood tinged discharge afterward. What could this be? Want to know side effects of facedown mastrubation. can you get pregnant on the second day of your period, having had unprotected sex I'm 16 i cannot retract my foreskin fully ovr my glans im nt cicmcised n any prob while intrcourse in future.any remedy? i have no dischare, pain or itching from the vagina but everytime i have sex i have a STRONG odor like ammonia I just recently got off my period and when my boyfriend and I had sex it was painful, also my vagina itches badly. i get horrible back pain and frontal pain after a sex dream and it wakes me up. it takes a while for it to go away. why? Can i be pregnant by fingering on last day of my period and he had pre ejaculatory fluid on his finger? havent got my period in 2 weeks, what may be wrong? PLEASE HELP!! How do I stop 3 week long breakthrough bleeding? I have been on my new pill pack for 4 days. If i stop taking them, will i get my period? is it possible to be pregnant from oral sex Missed pills at end of 3rd week. Started period on monday. Waited til next sunday to start new pack. Can I get pregnant? I have terrible shoulder pain during sex. I get the pain whenever I have an orgasm. What could be causing this? how soon can you find out if your pregnant from the time you have sex? why am i 27 and have had only 2 periods in a year and have vaginal pain before sexual intercourse If I had sex with one person and had my period 6 days later could i get pregnant? what causes rattled breathing after sex? I am 53 years old and have NEVER had an orgasm...sex is good feels great but ..... I have not had any sort of sexual intercourse for over 3 years. Is it still possible that I may have herpes? How soon can the blood test detect if you have genital herpes Why are females afraid of intercourse? how soon after sex can a test result be performed for vd/std's. i had a risky event 8 mons ago. i took 4 oraquick (in home) hiv tests this month and all were negative. am i hiv free? my husband wants me to have oral sex will I get sick if he comes in my mouth can genital herpes be transmitted through oral sex? 22 years old and suddenly have less powerful ejaculations producing less ejaculate too When a woman squirts during intercourse is that a form of urine or is it a different fluid coming from different area? can a girl get pregnant without having sex? I had intercourse the day after I finished my period (unprotected)...Are the chances of me being pregnant high or low? Could I be pregnant? can you get a std from using a sex toy that was used when you previously had a std but the toy was cleaned afterwards my husband is 26 and has low test, if he can still get hard, should he be having a decrease in sex drive? i'm hearing no I started a new birth control pack on monday. I had unprotected sex on thursday. Should I get the morning after pill? I have thick yellow discharge, it does not have an odor and I do not have any other symptoms. What could it be? I'm a 50 year old woman who has recently developed a strong vaginal odor and am spotting after sex. Need to see doctor? my period was to be last may 22 but untill now i havent had for this month i take p.test but its negative.am i pregnant? about having oral sex my boyfriend didnt cum, but can he still pre cum? Im taking citalopram, and it has greatly reduced my sex drive and made it hard to have sex. Any way to avoid this? I GET VERY TIRED AND FEEL WEAK AND IRRITATED AFTER INTERCOURSE OR MASTERBATION. WHAT REMEDY? sudden cramps, light bleed and something small came out with light bleed that wasn't a clot. brown spotting only on depo for 2weeks, had sex 3days after the shot can i get pregnant? Can I get any STDs if my husband has performed oral sex on an infected partner and then perform oral sex on me? Can you have headache if you stop having sex? Pain when my BF enters me then bleeding, hurts in the anterior part of my vagina close to the entrance like a pinch Why does my vagina make a popping sound when my boyfriend first enters when we have sex if my husband has herpes and i have no symptoms in 22 years can i still have it? can i find out if I'm pregnant just 7 days after having sex? how to normalize high sex derive? how to reach orgasm? We had sex with a condom on and it popped and i was ovulating is there a chance i could get pregnant? can i use KY jelly and Emla cream together for vaginal sex? is it safe to use both at same time Can Depression ruin sex drive ? How likely is it that I would have a primary Herpes 2 outbreak 15+ years after first getting the virus? After having sex i bled no idea why? i have 3 kids and i am 35 yrs old. boyfriend has been fixed for 8 1/2 yrs now. do women in 50 need sex and think about it as much as they are in their 20 to 40? My pain during intercourse feels like something is in the way. maybe my uterus, bladder or inflammation... Why do I have a delay of menstrual cycle What are the early symptoms of pregnancy? I just got diagnosed w/Herpes type 1 in my genital area. Should I now avoid sex with my partner to avoid getting type 2? Why does oral sex cause bladder infections in females? I have sex 1-3 times a month unprotected for a year with no pregnancy should i be worried about my sperm count? Is it possible to find out that you're pregnant 16 days after sex? Can intercourse with a partner with vaginal dryness affect the penis, including "raw" spots, slight pain, etc.? I had unprotected sex the day I was supposed to start my period, now I'm 4 days late. Could I be pregnant? had unprotected sex with another women and my husband, we now half sores and i amvery sore from my vulva to my ass Is it possible to have pregnancy symptoms on day 17 of a 28 day cycle? Sex on 4th May, period due on 25th. No symptom in between. Heavy/light cramping after 25th to 30th. 9th june,no period. I am on the pill and a condom was used. Pregnant? can i be pregant if i had a period days after being in contact w/ejaculation but no intercourse. Is it normal for me a 17 year old boy to have intercourse with his mom? my period got off and the next day i had sex with my boy friend will i get pergnant?if yes is der any medicine to abort Can I get pregnant after unprotected anal sex during my ovulation period ? My bf ejaculated inside my anus I m worried I am in 1st month on mononessa. I missed a pill on day 7 and did not have sex until day 15. Took 2 pills on day 8. Safe? Can you still ovulate if you miss your period? I have recently had unprotected sex and both me and my partner were virgins and now the head of my penis is irrritated I have recently had unprotected sex and both me and my partner were virgins and now the head of my penis is irrritated I have recently had unprotected sex and both me and my partner were virgins and now the head of my penis is irrritated i had sex and the next day i ovulate , can i be pregnant i have a milky disharge a week after intercourse, why is this? Having sex related promblem Can a woman get pregnant if she had her period 2 days after sex and it was heavy the first day and light 3 days after? First initial outbreak of genital herpes, did I contract it from my current partner or from previous partner? Is there any chance of getting genital herpes even if we use condoms and never have sex during a break out? had sex 26th of May, 28th of May and 1st of June, 4 June morning tested regnant am I responsible Could I Possibly Be Pregnant? When should I take a pregnancy test? blood in my semen for 2 weeks and urine after sex waiting for doctors apt can i still have sex with this happening Does the vagina farting during sex mean that woman has been cheating? does the air inside come from previous sex? what is considered a "normal" amount of time to engage in sexual intercourse before ejaculation?  Can pregnancy stop puberty? My gf's period is late over 10 days now. We did have unsafe sex after foreplay like 3 mins and wear condom. Pregnant? what does it mean to have a clear discharge and cramps and im not with child? im having trouble conceiving. it seems like were doing everything right but everyone else is getting prego not me HELP!! Can I get std by unprotected oral sex? Is it normal to be getting extremely wet and alot of pre-cum during/after making out with my girlfriend? without sex? 2 months without my period and I've had protected sex four months ago, what is wrong? Is it true that you can get cancer thru oral sex ? And if so what type ? Also how ? i have discomfort in my throat, feels like cold stuck there weeks now, after oral sex. what u think it is had sex roughly 12 days ago wife took pregnancy test on the 12th day it was positive, period isnt due yet can it happen Depo Provera Shot? Can you get pregnant while on your period? When having sex i feel the need to pee, i get up and go but still feel the pressure that i have to go. After I've been diagnosed with an STD and treated for it, should I go back and get tested again to make sure its gone? can my partner of 7 months get herpes if i have no present out break since? I am only 19 and this morning I saw blood in my stool. What could be the cause? I don't have anal sex, I feel no pain. If I had unprotected anal sex with someone i did not know but they said they were clean should I consider taking hiv pep I had unprotected sex early morning (6am) at 8th day of my period, how many chances to get pregnant. anal bleeding? i have small bumps all the way up my penis and on my scrotum. what is this and how do i fix it? While having sex, I had pain, withdrew, to discover bleeding on the skin below the head of my penis During sex felt like I had a ejaculation but nothing came out 36 year old I miss a month of my period and hve not started yet I am 48 yrs old and i am sexually active . pregnant? i'm due for my period on the 4th of July, my boobs have grown, stomach constantly bloated, white vag.discharge I have been taking depo shot but i have been having unprotected sex can i still get pregnant while on depo shot I have been taking depo shot but i have been having unprotected sex can i still get pregnant while on depo shot I had unprotected sex but my bf didnt cum inside the next day i got my period can i get pg? I had my son 4 weeks ago. I have to wait 6 weeks for sex but is it safe to achieve orgasm through clitoral stimulation? How can I supress sexual desire? Can oral sex combined with kissing possibly result in pregnancy? Can my girlfriend be pregnant? Can my girlfriend be pregnant if we are both virgins? (No morning sickness and no symptoms) I'm 21 and I have no sex drive anymore why is this and what can I do to get it back??? I had sex two weeks after having my cervix removed. I'm bleeding heavier. Only when I wipe. Should I get checked out? I have been married for 7 years. My husband and I were each other's "firsts" How is it possible that I have Chlamydia? Can you get a mouth disease from oral sex? And if so what does the symptoms look like. What canbe the cause for chlamydia not going away after treatment and no sexual intercourse after being diagnosed Is my girlfriend pregnant? Lately I seem to be overly moist during sexual intercourse Is my girlfriend pregnant? Or should I stop stressing and worrying? When i have sex the penetration is painful then afterwards usually it doesn't hurt anymore. What can this be? is there anyway to get chlamydia besides sex vaginal odor for the past 4 months Can condoms cause the vaginal area to become red and swollen? boyfriend took an otc male sex pill "night bullet" having a reaction He alright but when to take him to the hosp I've been on the pill since 13 nonstop, I'm sexually active and my nipples are very tender for the first time ever why? I had unprotected sexual intercourse during my period; is it possible to become pregnant? Menopause or Pregnant? Can you get sick from having sex 2 to 3 times a day for a week and then not having it for a couple of days? i had unprotected oral and protected anal sex (recieving) with a she male she idnt ejaculate. im so worried about hiv.. why does my vagina itch and have a yellowish discharge, it burn when i pee or have sex  Pain during and after intercourse, constant odor and extremely watery discharge for the past month. What's going on? How long should you wait after a miscarriage to have sex? What are my risks of getting HIV or stds? What does trembling/ shaking of the legs during or after sex mean? Severe headache with sex, at moment of orgasm, is it severe? If the condom did not break what are the chances of still becoming pregnant? a week after my period, he entered me once unprotected(not on the pill either), can i get pregnant from his pre? how contagious is chlamydia?? My now ex bf tested positive and I am negative... I'm only 25 yrs. Old and i am having serve problems getting an erection and also ejectulating while having sex.Needhelp  Is it possible to have a UTI and a yeast infection at the same time?  my due date is november 22, 2013 when did I likely become pregnant/ have sex to become pregnant? Bf said he had dishcharge from his penis and a slight burning sensation. These symptoms stoped after 1 week. What is it? I recently found stretch marks on my bottom after having sex. How can I get rid of them or will they go away? Can you use Emergency Contraception before sex? (Ex.Plan B) Is there any way I can still be pregnant? Is mrsa contaigous through sexual intercourse? wife can not orgasm from vaginal sex or oral sex only when I finger her Pregnancy Is it possible to become pregnant if he doesn't ejaculate inside of you? Is it normal for semen to leak after sex? I did not take a birth control pill for 60 hours and had unprotected sex. I took two pills immediately afterwards.  Hi, I'm 16 and I have a ball inside my vagina it doesn't hurt and when I was masturbating blood came out Have a small cut under penis head caused by zipper. It doesn't fully heal and reopens during sex. Jock Itch Expert Needed How great is the risk of spreading herpes type I through oral sex? I'm a 20 years old male. When I do(Defecation), as I get it out I see four drops comes out of my penis looks like semen. Penis will not stand up fully erect. feels tight but will not stand up. only lays on body facing upward We had protected sex it was my ovulation day he didn't cum t can I conceive? Help please! Im 17 and my penis is about 5 inches when erect. Im scared to have sex. Please help What are the down falls of having sex on your first day of starting my period What are the down falls of having sex on your first day of starting my period What would cause someone's brain to start hurting during intercourse? What causes pain in your brain during intercourse? will I know before my missed period if i am pregnant? can i be pregnant and still get a period? How long will it take? I was just tested for having an abnormal pap smear. Will my partner be at risk if we have sex without a condom? Will sex feel different when you're pregnant? Should I test for HIV/AIDS and other sexual disease? Been 9 yrs since i had unprotected sex Me and girlfriend had intercourse and on foreskin there are a couple tears. Tried antibiotic ointment but didn't help. How to treat erectile dysfunction ? When I took Prozac and most other anti-depressive drugs, I had an extremely strong compulsion to masturbate.  My boyfriend pissed a few small blood clots after we had sex is this normal or should I be worried? Could i be pregnant? I had unprotected sex 7/24, I was due for my period on 7/28 and now Its 8/3, I still don't have my period.  I had sex about 12 hours ago and I'm noticing a small patch of skin with redness, in blotches, but no pain nor pus Can having sex help with lubricating the joints in your body? My boyfriend fingered me hard about a week ago and I haven't stopped bleeding. I'm in no pain or discomfort,what do I do I haven't had my period goin on 2months now. I took a pregnancy test and it came back negative I'm still havin sex.  I haven't had my period goin on 2months now. I took a pregnancy test and it came back negative I'm still havin sex idk I was supposed to have my period 8/4/13 and I still haven't gotten it. I've taken 5 tests all neg. What's wrong with me? had protected sex the day before my period is expected. could it cause it to come later? How is it possiable to have caught Chlamydia if I tested negative a year ago and have not had sex since before then?  what causes me to get too wet during sex and how can I stop it? I am a 50year old female and had this problem for years Is it normal that my period is late? Almost 8 days now. I've never had sex, so I can't be pregnant. When you the birth control pill will alcohol lower its effectiviness?  a positive urine and a positive blood pregnancy test how likely is that to b wrong? after my wife and i have sex i have really bad nausea to the point where i actually start vomiting.. any sugjestions??  I have been experiencing painful sex and i have not had exitement during sex, what can i do?  On April,i had sex and i took epills,since that day i had not seen my periods, not tested pregnanancy only body changes  Can you have a period while pregnant? what does it mean if my period is a week late? After a vasectomy, if you do not have sex that much, does the process just take longer to become cleared? Is Cold Water Bath Effects On My Sex Life? how long will a virgin last when he has sex for the first time can mirena iud fall out during sex? I had sex with my boyfriend today before I took my pill and he came in me. Am I pregnant? is it possible to have too much sex? trying to get pregnant, help! Had abnormal period related things usually never had, ex spotting before period, white discharge... Could I be pregnant? AM I PREGNANT ? PREGNANT OR NOT  Still no period? Whats up with this? why my husband do not want sex what is the effect of smoking insexual intercourse? I have only had one depo-vera shot, but havent had sex since I was on it. Is it normal to have irregualr periods?  I took my combination pill 15 hours late i had sex with my husband condom and tubes tied. had two babies they said i wouldnt have.. can i be preg? I have a bump on my vagina and im std free what could it be? I had sex (no condom, no pill) Aug 7th (three times, and he ejaculated inside all three times) and then once on the 8th. vagina Does high sugar levels in diabetics produce a high toxicity in male semen? Can someone be infected with Chlamydia, through other things besides sex? Like, needles, razors, etc.  I had a c-section about 3 years ago, when I have sex it hurts whenit hits , I'll say it's my wall. It that normal It's been a week since I had sexso I wanted to know if I might be pregnant ? Is tightness in the uterus and vaginal discharge a possible pregnancy symptom five days after sex? I'm on the pill. Is More Masturbating Effects On Sex Life Like decrease In Penis Size,Sprem count down,Thin Sized Penis, Early Ejaculatn? What is the medical term for a girls "cherry" that is dislodged upon intercourse? Could I be pregnant, I had unprotected sex 6 days after period started? Bleeding out the Anus even when just peeing. Medium to heavy bleeding. Should I go to the hospital. had sex with an escort. i did use a condom. now i think i have hiv. am i rational? how soon would i know? raised area of skin on labia before period Can UTI spread female to male during sexual intercourse? How soon can I find out if I'm pregnant without waiting till my missed period I had sex last wednesday and had my period the day after it has been 8 days could i still get an accurate pregnancytest how to try sex in my wife's Butt? why does your nasal passages open after sex? Is it normal to lose erection after 10-12 of having sex? I took a test after 15 days of having prorected sex and it ws negative. Is there still a chance to concieve?  Is sexual intercourse OK with prolapsed bladder? Any Restrictions? Precautions? Frequency limitations? I am 56 years old and am aroused all the time, I feel like something might be wrong. I tested positive for HSV-2 anti-bodies. I have not had an outbreak. Does this mean I have the virus? does having sex during menstrual cycle lessen the chance of spreading the virus to her? Bumps on vagina, what is it???? if i have hep.c can i have sex My last MP was on 11th september.we had sex on october 3rd.is there any chance for me to get pregnent? Does having sex for the first time hurt? Can I get pregnant having sex on the 2nd day of my period. I have a 28 day cycle. If I have PID, is it too late? Did it affect my fertility? It's been 3 1/2 years and I'm scared! I am very aroused during sex but not staying wet. This started happening after taking suboxon could this be my link? Can you have sex while using premarin cream? whens the earliest to tell if your pregnant Broken condom during placebo week, no ejaculation, still got my period. Chance of pregnancy?  Just diagnosed with GH. Trying to understand this I've been married for 27years 2 births 10 years apart, mult surgerys Painful sex after no sex for 3 years and after prolapse sugery Is it considered abuse or illegal to have a child of the same sex sleep in the same room as the parent? I am having problems getting wet down there during intercourse Woke up bleeding bright fresh red blood. I've been on the pill since I was 15, im now 21. Last had sex 2-3 months ago Can a peircing on a guys penis hurt a woman why does sex not feel good to me? How long after being treated for Chlamydia is it safe to have sex? I did the one time dose of 4-250mg azithromycin tabs can i get chlamydia from the following things in my dorm room? Is there a vaginal tightening cream that really works? how to avoid getting pregnant the natual way? Can I get pregnant the last day of my period Irregular menses due to Morning after Pill. Bleeding pattern makes no sense. Please help!  i have a 10 year merana iud i havent a period in 6 yrs im bleeding heavy clots with cramps back pain after having sex with my husband im having yellowish orgasm on my vagina is that normal? Weird small blister looking thing on my penis. What is it? Even when you had sex the month after, do you still go by your LMP to know how far along you are? can trich be transmitted orally to either sex? I had sex 10/29,10/30. got my period 11/13 I feel like I'm pregnant. can I be pregnant First day of LMP was 10/11. Had unprotected sex on 11/3. Do I still go by 10/11 to know how far along I am? If so, how? What is my risk of pregancy when I switch the pill to a different brand with different hormones. can you get worms from having sex wih a older person Can having sex with a condom cause a woman to have a yeast infection? Birth controls pills and time had sex, the condom got stuck inside of me. Not knowing this, to be safe I took plan b, then it fell out the day after Can my girlfriend be pregnant? Will my girlfriend be pregnant? Pimple on penis? Poped but now big, imflamed, and swollen? Was it a pimple? i havent had sex in 2.5 years? am i pregnant? here is my story. I recently lost my virginity, I bled a lot during sex and am still bleeding a tiny bit, two days later. Is this bad? I am 'wet' at the start of having sex, but I ALWAYS dry up! The NEXT day, it comes out of me ALL DAY! What's wrong?!  Every time I have sex with my boyfriend he breaks out in his groin area, do you know what it could be? Is staph infection contagious and how by kissing and having sex What are Causes for low Libido for men in early 20s  Can a infected person w/ trichomoniasis go yrs without it being detected in their partner if their having sex. Pregnancy possiblity? if we never had sex with anyone in past still is it possible then we have std and can still pass to partner in future can i get birth control early? My last period was Dec 1st, I had sex during my ovulation times the 14th-17th.. When should I test? my friend found out she has mrsa from a nose swab. we have had sex. should i get tested? What is oral sex?? my partner really like sex in all kind of ways and i dont have that much drive as him what can i do  Irregular Menstural Cycle for 2 months - PCOS or Morning after Pill? missed birth control pills! missed period cramping! But negative test! could i be pregnant? period was on Dec. 17th..ovulation Dec. 31st had sex on Dec. 26th and 29th what are chances of pregnancy? Why is sex so painful.... is it me? Could my girlfriend be infertile Okay I'm gonna give all the details because I'm freaking out and I just need answers. Best way to lay after sex?? I have broken my penis when I was very young, now I am on my forties, can it be fixed? can I be pregnant? Please help, could this be a sign of an STD? What are the chance of becoming pregnant having unprotected sex one day before my fertile window and 5 days before ovu? Is deer antler spray any good to use for sex We had sex the day after my period,is it possible to be pregnant? I need a real doctor's advice, will she be pregnant? My girlfriend took her Emergency Contraceptives hours after the scheduled intake. So should she take another dose again? Possibility of me being pregnant from pre cum Can you test positive for marajuana by having unprotected sex with someone who is a heavy user? Had sex 2 months ago, didn't cum and got my period last month.but my period didnt come this month. could I be pregnant? When should i start re-taking my birth control Why is sexual intercourse not allowed after cervical cryotherapy for 2 to 3 weeks? Can I get a STD if my boyfriend cheated and recieved unprotected oral sex with a woman that was infected? Can bilirubin in semen be harmful to the woman after sexual intercourse? girlfriend missed a birth control pill 5 days before we had sex, pregnant? My wife has mono. Can it be sexually transmitted without kissing? How long before we can have unprotected sex?  I am on the pill forgot to take it 2days in a row had sex both days took 1 pill today could I be pregnant? can taking a birth control pill and having sex at the same time cause pregnancy I messed up my birth control pills and had sex using withdrawal. 13 days later I had a negative test and spotting. I had sex on first week JAN, did not ejaculate inside of her, cpl days later she got her period like normal? Could i be Pregnant? Does male enhancement spray that promise healthy and quick results? can trichomoniasis be spread by any means other than sexual intercourse? Can jock itch be transmitted through sexual intercourse? Can it spread from man to woman? What would her symptoms be? my wife bledes after intercourse pls advise she is 46 My partner had sex with someone with herpes they had no skin to skin contact but used a strap on could she have it. ? COULD I BE PREGNANT?! I have irregular period but could I be pregnant ? Have irregular periods but can I be pregnant ? my husband and I had sex to soon after his circumcision,, will he still heal? Do men precum every time during intercourse? Can you clean yourself after having sex with someone that has herpes and not get herpes? Can i get STD or STI from rubbing with damp pants on? any medications that could adversely effect a womans libidoto causingno desire at all to have sex for past ten years? Erectile dysfunction and rectal prolapse. I had sex almost two months ago, would I know if I was pregnant by now?  Missed period please help Twice last week I accidentally took two days on one day. Would this affect my mestural cycle?! How long should you wait for sex after braking coccyx ? how to remove sexual intercourse? I havent gotten my period in 2 months ! If I dont get it for a third month should i go see my doctor? okay so me and my bf had sex three days before i ovulate and then the next day... could i get preg? when do i test? My period came late and then was a lot shorter than usual. Been feeling tired, nauseous, and sore. Could I be pregnant? I need Help!!! Groin and Hip Discomfort, left testicles is bothering me. Please help!! Metronidazole vaginal treatment If a female doesnt have sexual intercourse for over a year does their hymen grow back? Is it possible to know you are pregnant after just a week of having sex with someone? Can my partner perform oral sex on me if I have Herpes Simplex Virus 2 i had sex with my boyfriend friday night but he pulled out but got sperm on my underwear can i get pregnant from that? i had sex with my boyfriend friday night but he pulled out but got sperm on my underwear can i get pregnant from that? Is it uncommon to lose interest in sex after a certain age and an affair by your spouse?  can i take a pregnancy test before my next period? had protected sex and condom broke. im on birth control and got period 2 days later. could i become pregnant? Marriied for 18 years - have sex once every 2-3 weeks. Sex is overrated and not necessary to make me happy. How dark are your nipples supposed to be Is it normal to be overly wet during sex from start to finish? If it is. Is there anything that will make it stop?  im 18 and cant maintain an erection I have Diverticulitis. Is it safe to kiss and have sex wife my wife? can you get trichimonias other than sex? like towlets, using same washing machine from an afftected person or bar soap? Is sexual intercourse the only way for a woman to contract it ?What other ways can this be transmitted? im 28. is masturbation a must if you have never had sex or ejaculate? is it really necessary? could i or the person i'm with be infertile? Plan B One Step couple days before period could my girlfriend be pregnant ? I had sex today. He did not cum inside me, but that evening I forgot to take my birth control and took it 7 hours late. Is tric transmitted thu oral sex I was 2 months late for my period, I finally started the other day but now ive been on it for 11 days What does it mean to bleed when I get fingered I bleed but when I have sex I do not boyfriends penis tastes like latex I am feeling i am loosing my sex desire can any body help? I had sex on my ovulation day but used pull out method could I still be pregnant? I want to "prove" I do not nor have I ever had genital warts. Short of removal of the penis/desection of the same, HOW? In dec. when ovulating I had sex. I was 5 days late but not pregnant. This month it happened again. What is going on? I got first shot of Depo in Febuary24 in the morning and we had sex in the Feb24 at night is shot works immediately? i have a desire for sex and im 15 tricamonous without having sex how likely is it for a man to carry it for 6 years undetected then pass it to a partner what if a man never in the moon to have sex Could I be pregnant I over masturbated for several years. And now i am facing a prblem... I had sex a week ago how long should I wait to take a test? Im late on my period, could i be pregnant? Can I be pregnate? The day after my period ended, I had sex with my bf, he inserted his penis for a minute before putting condom on.  I had sex for the first time w/new hubby and have not had my period for 45 days. Pregancy test was negative. Normal/no? My period isn't due for 14days and now i have a thin white milky discharge and i had sex on two of my high fertility day Will sex hurt your kidney if you only have one kidney I've had extreme head pain while having sex. What is happening? Help please.. If I had sex but he did not cum used plan b within first 24 hours and it was 4 days after ovolation can I be pregnant doctor i had sex about 11 days ago i have a slight sore throat lower slight abdominal pain and a dry cough is this hiv Does sex change our period cycle? Or could I be pregnant? missed birth control pill! help I did not have intercourse but rubbed my penis on her vagina. What concerns should the sex partner of a man diagnosised with Epididymitis have? Is it too early to take a home pregnancy test? C Diff Strong urine odor n a bit of itchiness around entrance of vagina Is it safe to have sex during the 7 days tablet free days when taking the 21 tablet pill? started my period the 14 went till half way through the16 then the bleeding stopped but i started again having sex today Could I be pregnant? if not had sex how could u get trichomoniasis?? What happens if your on day 5, after being treated for trich and have sex? Can my partner be hurt if we have intercourse while I'm on estrace cream? Can you get pregnant the day after your period? Can sex help ease or reduce MS symptoms?  3 days after sexual intercourse with my partner i began experiencing severe vaginal itching. Please advise What are the chances I'm pregnant Teens: How do you say no to sex? Can pre-cum get a girl pregnant? even if i didnt actually cum at any time Why do I get a infection after sex I like sex Just not the thought of it. Getting started is a chore but once we start, i enjoy it. help! desparate hubby Pregnant please help Could I be pregnant if I had sex on my fertile and ovulation days? why can't i masturbate anymore? My vaginal discharge is yellow,without odor or itching.I am virgin and I take Yasmin for my PCOD.what is my problem? Head of penis and skin directly under red and swollen Period started may 26, it ended may 31. I had sex june 3 my period app said my high fertility day was june 5th pregnant? Can this work ? URGENT ! I was wondering how accurate an HIV blood test at 7 weeks would be? Mine came back negative; my Doctor said not to worry Missed Period by 3 weeks.  The condom fell off as I was pulling out for the final time If I was fertile from may 4th till the 10th and had sex with someone may 2nd and 5th, who's most likely the father? Can my girlfriend get pregnant if I cleaned the precum off and pulled out? ASAP  could i have gotten pregnant if before we had sex my partner peed to wash out leftover sperm/kill it? can meds be transferred via sex can i get pregnant if he ejaculated on my vagina? My husband and I had sex in a pool yesterday, I am 7 weeks pregnant and now I am spotting and cramping. Is this normal? IF MY SPOUSE HAS A BLOOD CANCER WILL I GET IT WHEN WE HAVE SEX? I had sex four days ago. He was really drunk and for part of it the condom fell off.  i had sex 4 days before ovulation could i still get pregnant. If monogamous couples continue to have sex with HPV - will it still cure itself within 2 years? My penis is bleeding i had intercourse with 2 men but wouldnt i be more than 11 weeks pregnant if it was the new guy i had sex with at the end of march? im 11 weeks  What makes a woman climax after sex Can you get pregnant while on the hormone implant? If you had sex 3 weeks before your period, if you have your period could you still be pregnant? If me and my mate have had sex in a week.my girlfriend virgina was really loose what can cause that to happenend If me and my mate have had sex in a week.my girlfriend virgina was really loose what can cause that to happenend had a period in april, spotted may, no period june and nothing for july yet. took a hpt 2wks ago negative. pregnant? Should I tell my boyfriend if I was just diagnosed with a UTI caused by E. Coli?  Do the chances of getting a Pilonidal Cyst increase by having sex Never had sex never had my 1st period but have a feeling of fullness in my lower abdomen After having sex 2 1/2 weeks after laparoscopic surgery should I be concerned? I had sex 4 days before period My period came 2weeks late it was heavy with clots for three days and light. Pregnant?  I had sex on 7-23 and today I had a positive opk test 7-25, what are my chances of being pregnant? i saw my last periods on 24th june. had sex the20th july. now my periods 6 days late. am i pragnant. Possible STD exposure? Does sperm or semen have health benefits if one does not masturbate or have sexual intercourse with his partner for long i have this red spot on the head of my penis for 2months now, no pain not itching, it accumulates crust on it sometimes what does it mean when a 19 year old boy cant feel pleasure or have wet dreams? Is it normal to have loose bowel during sexual intercourse? Girl and i having sex. Cum in her a little. She on birthcontrol. First time as well, CAN SHE GET PREGNANT  can i be pregnant even with spotting ok i ran out of birth controll for a week and was on my period and i had sex could i be pregnante ? can you get pregnant during the first two or three days of the fertile stage how long does sperm stay active in the body Can having sex throw off your cycle or could it be pregnancy? I have symptoms of pregnancy but I haven't had sex in 2 months and still get my period. Should I take a test? If a person can carry herpes and not know it, is it the person whom they had sex with last the one that gave it to them? After me and my boyfriend had sex, I noticed small amounts of spotting and it hurts slightly when I pee.  Am I pregnant or is it side effects from my birth control had sex. his sperm got a lil inside and i got out of BControl. can i still get pregnet?  It's been 80 hrs since I've had unprotected sex. I have the Plan B pill, would it be a waste of $50 to take it now? can u have unpotected sex with your partner if the person donot have an out break last night i realized a tampon had been stuck in me for about a week i have had sex over this timeThere has been ordor why do i bleed/spot when i have intercourse and i am on top, but i don't bleed when i have it in any other position? do womens sex drives decrease with age while men's stay the same do womens sex drives decrease with age while men's stay the same If it's my first time taking Cialis, how long before intercourse to take it?  Peace of mind, could she be pregnant?  I haven't had my period but my body feels different.I have most symptoms. It has been 2 1/2 weeks since i had sex. HELP I had sex august 23rd, three days before my fertle window, can I be pregnant, he pulled out and cummed then put back in Can stress cause pregnancy symptoms? After having sex with my wife, my privite smelled like a condom which we haven't used for a few months. Why? Why is my vagina opening grey?  Am I pregnant?? how long after a collage is done can u have sex i had one a week ago and im 19 weeks pregnat Is i safe to continue my birth control if I think I may be pregnant? WIFE'S (AGE 46)PERIOD IS GOING ON 3 WKS.LOTS OF DISCHARGE AND VERY SMELLY AND NOT LIKE FRESH DISCHARGE. WHAT IS IT? can u still spread it if u never had an outbreak orel or by sex the skin on the underside of my penis is moist and flaking and when i shower i must have open wounds because it stings. Is it my baby ? I had sex about 4 weeks ago. He doesnt have an STD and didnt cum yet my stomach has been hurting since then. Why? Pregnacy test is negative but am spotting still When having sex with prostatits I'm not geting any ejaculated liquid..52 yrs old ? Periods. 1st day heavy and then 1 day spotting over the last two months. Last full- June 22nd. Had sex- June 29th.  We Had Unprotected Sex 2 Days Ago. I Was Squirting But Could I Still Get Pregnant? Plus I Am Feeling Nauseous All Day. Is Mirena a danger to womens health. I'm away from my wife since 2 years, is there is a medical test to prove that the last sex she had was with me since 2Y I had sex on a friday took plan b saturday morning and had sex again on sunday, could I be pregnant? I took 3 pregnancy tests and they all were negative. I feel like I have the early symptoms of pregnancy So if I Went off my cycle on the september the 30 and have sex on October 2 when should I take a test I have sore breast for 3 week and bad cramps but no period and its due come already. Could I be pregnant? What are my chances of getting pregnant if I just got over my period and had sex right away but don't have any BC pills? Had sex 4 days ago I'm on birth control, but I'm late and never have been when should I take a test? Hypospadias she is due Nov. 20th she concieved Feb. 26th I had sex with her Feb. 5th, but she said she had sex with 2 others. Mine? she is due Nov. 20th she concieved Feb. 26th I had sex with her Feb. 5th, but she said she had sex with 2 others. Mine? I came on my period a week and half early and only lasted 3 days ?  pregnant? I had sex in March and the condom spit . I have PCOS , taking the contraceptive pill.no bump and had periods. why do females have inching after oral sex how long after the paragard iud insertion can you have sex? Blood in vaginal fluid PIC Should I be concerned? What is in my vagina? It's on the inside and its pink. its like a flower.Also there is a raised brown bump on the side  is it safe oral sex in leucorrhoea What are my chances of conceiving a girl if I had an orgasm on the day of ovulation? Sex after fixation of testis.how long should I wait? Is taking plan B a good strategy for pre cum ? I ejaculated on my girlfriends chest, can it drip down and get her pregnant? why does a 50 year old get nocturnal emissions Other than sexual intercourse, how can women be infected with Trich? Girlfriends two week late, never had sex but precum touched top of vagina. She getting syptoms but two neg tests. Prego? Condoms make my penis itchy-what can I do? can you take out nuvaring during intercourse  Why have I been wanting sex daily? if i was std positive most than likely the person i had sexual intercourse with should also be positive, correct? can claritin D 24 hour cause erectile dysfunction? period isnt due for another 2 days, but today she found little bit of orangie blood but normal cramps. had sex, condom broke took plan b, am i pregnant? Can Viagra be taken more than once a day? I have Herpe's 1 and I had Gential warts. Can I still have unprotected sex if I'm with only one men Am I pregnant? how long do i have to wait to have sex after taking only 2 days of doxycycline I had sex yesterday , and it was my 2nd day on my period . My boyfriend came inside of me . Will I get pregnant ? No Period Symptoms, But Negative Results ? I can't orgasm and sex hurts me. What is wrong with me? I have a sex drive, and I feel arousal, but I don't orgasm. I am 25 years old and I had a cut behind my penis tip last night while having sex since i am not able to get an erection Should I have unprotected sex with someone that just received a hepititis shot, if I am immune and she has an IUD. I have low sperm count during sex I also have low urine flow some times especially if I do not go right away Could I be pregnant, husband came in me before I started my new set of active pills ? I took it after. Was on placebos . How frequent do older couples have sex How concerned should I be after having sex with a call girl? IS IT NORMAL FOR THE VIRGINIA TO SWELL AFTER SEX does having sex cause feminine oder Am I pregnant? Is it uncomfortable for your partner during sex when you have a pessary in place? I am 29 can I still get the HPV vaccine? should I be concerned that a women w/ hep b vaccine was exposed to Hep A thru food service and had sex with her I got only one tiny red ulcer on the head of my penis, what could it be? My period hasn't came on. I have been having gas, peeing, headaches, sleeping a lot. Could something be wrong with me? 