Is shingles contagious? Are there any OTC creams that will help relieve the pain and sting of shingles? Is it okay to have sex if I have shingles? What are the symptoms of shingles, and how is it diagnosed? What kind of complications does shingles cause during pregnancy? I never had chicken pox and am taking care of my mother, who has shingles. Should I be vaccinated?  I didnt get shingles confirmed for two weeks. The doctor didn't give me a prescription. Would OTC medicines help?  I was diagnosed with shingles and began treatment yesterday. The blisters turned to a spreading rash. What can I do?  I'm certain my husband had shingles over 20 years ago, but don't have records. Is it safe to get the vaccination? AI have shingles and was prescribed valtrex and vicodin. How can I ease the pain? Will this affect my fibromyalgia? Are there any OTC creams that will help relieve the pain and sting of shingles?  are shingles spread just by being in the same room as someone who has it COULD HAND FOOT AND MOUTH CAUSE SHINGLES? How do you know if shingles are affecting the eye. can you spread the herpes to other parts of body after touching or scatching blistered area? Can I be with my 2 month old grandson and a Chemo patient friend, if I get the Shingles Shot? Is it wise to get shingles vaccine and flue vaccine at the same time? So are shingles contagious? my grandaughter has blister like rash on her hands. And was exposed to them. She's 3yrs old I got Chicken Pox at 16yrs old can I still get Shingles? Is it advisable to get the shingles vaccine and a flu shot on the same day Can you get the shingles vaccine if you received radiation treatment many years ago? I think I may have shingles, symptoms started yesterday, I work in an ER am I putting my patient's at risk? I was diagnosed with shingles with no oubreak. I am still in alot of pain.. It's been 4 mos, how much longer w/pain? i had chicken pox at the age of 21 and then at the age of 60 i had shingles, can i get shingles again once i had it? If you had shingles once can you have another breakout again? If you had shingles once can you have another breakout again? Is contact with a person with shingles harmful to pregnant women? If you receive the Chicken Pox Vaccine can you get shingles later in life? is being extremely tired a side effect/symptom of shingles?  Can I ever get shingles on the opposite side of my body from the first outbreak? My granmother my told her shingles where internal? Can't find any information about that. Husband has shingles for one week and on med. crusting over still few blisters. When should he go back to work? How to treat shingles at age 21 with no health insurace? I had tingling in my back before I had a shingles breakout. Is it too late to get the shot if I have the tingling again? If someone is exposed to someone with shingles can that person become a carrier of the Shingles virus? how often should i get a shingles vaccine What is normal dosage of gabapentin for relief from shingles pain? Is hot or showers ok when you have shingles? warm daily Can my husband, who has never had chickenpox, get it from me if I get the shingles vaccination? is it dangerous for my infant grandchild to be exposed to shingles? I had 3 chckn pox on my abd when I 3 so did my sister she got them again when exposed and I didn't can I still get them? can shingles appear in the mouth or throat Shingles - I had shingles several years ago; Would the vaccination help me in the future? i think im having a outbreak of shingles on my head what can i do to stop the feeling i need to pull my hair out?  How can I treat my shingles at home as I cannot afford to go to the doctor? I'm 63 and had a chickenpox vaccine 3 years ago. Should I also get a shingles vaccine? I am 55. What % of getting shingles after getting shot (as a side effect) already had shingles can I get them again? How long after receiving the shingles vaccine should I wait to be around a newborn baby? My husband currently has shingles, how can I prevent myself and 2 year old from getting it? My grandkids have not had chickenpox or the vaccine, I have just started to blister, should I stay away from them? can a person with shingles spread it through intercourse How often do children get shingles? Is it unsafe to be vaccinated for shingles twice? is swelling common with shingles in the area around the eye? can shingles occur in the scalp Do you recommend the shingles shot for someone who suffers from severe tinnitus? Will the vaccine aggravate my tinnitus? Is it normal for the shingles vaccine to produce shingles-like symptoms? Can I get shingles if I had the chickenpox vaccine and not the disease? I was exposed to someone during an outdoor run who has shinggles. Can i catch it. can shingles spread to parts of a body by touching them then touching your face? I found on my leg yesterday went to ER Is the pain from shingles only when you touch the infected area or is it constant? Is Tinnitus and Shingles related? red rash on buttocks I have shingles plus a swollen tongue. Is there any relationship? Can you have shingles on one thigh? I have had chickenpox and have herpes, is there any correlation between herpes and shingles? will L-Lysine 500 mg help will shingles?  are shingles contagious should a person with shingles use a community shower, such as at a campground? If Shingles comes back do you get it in the same place? My doctor gave me an anti-flamatory pill for shingles, doesnt seem to be working, what can i take to make the pain go? Can shingles cause respiratory disease Can you get infected with shingles more than once? can teens and young adults get shingles? Could pain thought to be kidney stones actually be shingles now that burning rash has appeared or could I have both?  I have shingles and was with my daughter who just found out she is pregnant. Is there a danger to the fetus  One breast pains from the nipple along a red curved line. Is it infection, early sign of shingles or cancer? can shingles in the vaginal area be responsible for causing herpes at a later time Is there a blood test to see if you have shingles I have a rash on my abdomin that looks shingles. I am 68 and had the vaccine over a year ago.  Could I have given my husband the shingles? He has never had the chickenpox, but I did as a child. I have a stabbing intense pain on my right side, 4 wks after haveing shingles. It feels like my insides are being pulled Do shingles itch? Can Chicken pox and shingles come at the same time / I dont have health insurance, will shingles go away on their own since i'm not on any medication? how is shingles contagious I had shingles earlier this year. I've been feeling tingling a lot more. Does that mean I may be getting if again? I had chicken pox 3 times as a child even after being vaccinated, am I at a greater risk for shingles? Can you swim if you have shingles? can shingles rash spread? Can ringworm virus give someone shingles? IS THERE ANYTHING I SHOULD OR SHOULD NOT DO AT HOME OR EAT WHILE I HAVE SHINGLES?? Is it safe to have flu and shingles vaccinations at the same time? can alzheimers patients have no pain my mother has the diease and seem to feel no pain She has shingles w/ no pain  Child had been immunized for chickenpoks and came in contact with shingles virus during contagious stage can they get it I am 47 and about over a bout with shingles, how long do I need to wait to get the vaccine? Does Medicare cover shingles vaccine? what is the procedure to obtain medicare coverage fofr gthe shingles vaccine? what is the procedure to obtain medicare coverage for the shingles vaccine? how do you tell the difference between poison ivy and shingles?  can nystatin/triamcinolone cream treat the systoms of shingles can a senior who has had shingles get them again by being exposed to child with chickenpox? I've just been diagnosed with shingles. Should I avoid events where infants will be present, or not have direct contact? Can you get shingles at 15 years old? is B12 effective in shingles treatment CAN YOU GET SHINGLES IF YOU HAVE HAD THE CHICKEN POX VACCINE? can autism some how cause genital herpes or cause you to have a false positive for it. what is the difference between shingles and herpes? Is there a blood test that can be performed for a doctor to determine if your immune system is healthy for vaccinations?  Can you get shingles even if you 'DO NOT' touch the infected area or person?  If I've taken the shingles shot, can I still get shingles? can shingles appear on both sides of the face? can you get shingles in the lungs ? i have shingles my husband does not never had chicken pox. how do i protect him? Can massage help relieve nerve pain from shingles? My 10 month old child's nanny has shingles. What precautions should we take? My child is not vaccinated for chicken pox. can shingles cause lymph nodes to become enlarged I have shingles on my back and stomach. Can I still get a pedicure? can you get shingles down the back of your leg and bottom of your foot? is shingles a bacterial Skin Infection is the pertussis vaccine included with the shingles vaccine Is exposure to direct sunlight good or bad for shingles? can you pretreat shingles with over the counter vitamins? Does shingle vaccine help with herpes? I was diagnosed with herpes is it possible for shingles to appear in vaginal area If someone has shingles how long are they contagious? I have shingles is my 2 month old baby at risk?  Is re-occuring shingles pain, sometimes with outbreaks, normal? My grandmother had shingles two years ago. I'm six months pregnant. Is it safe for me and my baby to be around her? My husband got the shingles vaccine and then, within the year, got a bad case of Bell's Palsy. Is there a connection? should one get vaccinated for shingles again in 5 or 10 years as a booster provided shingles does not present itself I am 61 and Had shingles last year. Are there different strains of the vaccine? how long do the red patches last with shingles is ED a side effect of gabapentin Twenty years old with shingles? Can shingles cause your eardrum to rupture? do shingles make you pee blue Can you get shingles only in the pubic area? does tamoxifen cause shingles can bat droppings or rat droppings cause shingles on someone? Is medical care nessary for shingles? can you get shingles on your upper hip had shingles 3 weeks ago...now i have little red tiny spots on my neck and chest? related?? where does shingles appear Can shingles affect your mind? Can shingles cause beign essential tremors? Does shingles have little seeds within blisters Can having shingles make my pee smell bad? 