What are the symptoms and signs of a dislocated shoulder? I still cant move my shoulder fully after surgery 3 months ago and the rotation is not full. How long should it take? I have been wearing hair weaves for four years. Now my hair touches my shoulders. How can I keep growing it out?  When I have my worst allergy symptoms, I get a stiff neck and left shoulder. Is this allergy-related?  I have sever pain, stiffness and swelling of the neck. Is this normal with a strep throat diagnosis? I woke up with back pain and left arm pain, pain is mild now but arm still feels weird, should I see the doctor? I woke up with back and shoulder pain that spread to my arm, only my arm feels strange now, should I see a doctor? I am having left sided chest pain on the inner side of the shoulder.What could cause this? I am having weird chest pains and it feels like a tight knot in my neck and shoulder area. I have numerous sections of red fungus like splotches all over my body, how do i find out what it is? Right shoulder hurts, arm feels like it's falling asleep, what is this and who should i go see? I think I may have fractured my upper arm. What are the implications of taking MDMA while I have damaged nerves in my shoulder? Are there long-term side effects? brownish red spots appearing on my arms and legs, why? How can I rehab a pinched nerve? 4 1/2 months ago I crashed my mountain bike on the trails. I feel good but i still get oreness and frontal shoulder pain Why does a deep massage make me so sleepy the next day? It is possible for a pinched nerve in the shoulder to have symptoms similar to a heart attack? i just recently had a wound closed on my neck and shoulder. the bottom of the wound is red and puffy is it infected? Can a fall cause Ulnar Nerve pain from the shoulder to the hand? Will a fluid diet of 1-2weeks help eczema? Can stomach pain with diabetes get so bad to send you to the ER? Is overhead pressing and pulling important in training? I have pain in my throat when i breathe in and a constant pain in my right shoulder.  I have severe pain in my right arm, started with elbow, keeping me awake at night, could it just be tennis elbow? I'm having severe constant stabbing pain in the top of my left shoulder. Hurts when I breathe. What's going on?  Can't get proper Medical care...Help! I have had excrutiating pain in my upper right arm for over six months.Xrays and CT show nothing.What could it be? Why does my shoulder still hurt 3 months after a Tdap vaccine? Is there anything I can do to stop the burning pain? I have heard that Vitamin B12 is helpful for joint pain. If so, what would be the recommended dosage? I have pain in and around my shoulder, including my neck and ribs right below the shoulder. What could the problem be? Burn to inside of forearm 4 days ago from hot curling iron. Been treating with Silver Sulfadiazine. Still oozing-wet. I have a herniated disc at C5/C6 I have horrible pain associated with weakness, and tingling in arms? what do I do? My back between spine and shoulder hurts when I breathe in? I ache all the time mostly my neck shoulders arms and hands and tired all the time.Bloodwork came back good Can you get a sore shoulder after not using that arm for two months? I have severe pain in the back of my neck and shoulders. Could this be a pinched nerve? What else could it be? can sperm live inside a woman one- two days before she is fertile? Constant pain left chest wall more than 30 days after auto accident i am very concerned, why am i still hurting? Should I see a doctor for pain from top of shoulder down arm with numbness in fingers from a fall. my mother has been told to quit taking nsaids, specifically alieve and advil. Can she take buffered aspirin for pain? can ear infection cause neck and shoulder pain if you have lots of fluid in your shoulders and other things going on what kind of doc should I see. can throwing a ball that is too light damage your shoulder? Please Help! Shooting pain in the right side of my neck and right shoulder when I breathe? Is using a mouse causing muscle knots and now numbness and tingling in my right arm specifically around bicep? i had a flu shot in october and still have shoulder and arm pain.what is wrong?  have torn tendon from bone in shoulder. pain and discomfort and limited use. Should I have surgery to repair? I felt a painful pop in my shoulder when I pulled my toolbag . Now I can hardly lift my arm and my bicep feels pain. Really bad itchy irritating rashes on his upper body as in torso chest back neck ,shoulders, in evening what is it?. My son has bug bites on his shoulders, back and diaper area, there round, red and itchy?  2 weeks late period, pregnancy symptoms, negative test, now lump has appeared?? PLEASE HELP NO INSURANCE TO GO TO DOC :( I had a sudden onset of pain in my lower back that radiated up to my rt shoulder, then down i am 33 weeks pregnant I have pain in my shoulder joint.Most when my arm is fully extended. No injury to note. what would cause this? How often do children get shingles? i have dark brown thick stringy mucus like blood what could it be In October 2012, I hurt my neck. In November I re-injured the area and also began experiencing numbness in my shoulder.  I have pain and stiffness in my back,shoulders,knees,and hips.It has gotten worse over tha past year. what do i have? My sis-in-law has a bone spur grown into a shoulder muscle which is paralyzing her arm.  What type of doctor is best to diagnose neck and shoulder pain? Knee Pain? What kind of mattress do you recommend for a person suffering from neck and shoulder pain? Pain in upper right arm which limits motion. Painful to move arm above my head. For shoulder pain radiating down arm is heat or cold better? Pain in shoulder radiating down arm. Should I use ice or heat? does shoulder bursitis pain go down the arm? For a cervical bulging disk, is ice or heat better relieve. Should a male with enlarged breasts wear a bra? 3-5 months, hot poker stabbing through chest and out shoulder pain, deep breath worsens/spreads, 10-15 mins then gone. bursitis in left shoulder I had a laceration dermabonded at hospital. Dermabond came off and the cut is open. Can it be reglued to prevent scar? can disc issues at c-3 and c-4 cause lower back and right shoulder pain? Left shoulder injury, Painful when rotated, raised and lowered, basically used. What is it likily ro be? How painful is a shoulder cortisone injection? Can anxiety probles cause severe muscle tension in the stomach, chest and shoulders even when you think you're relaxed? Have hard growing lump in upper arm, between bicep and shoulder, hard and only hurts if pressed on, what is it? I have terrible shoulder pain during sex. I get the pain whenever I have an orgasm. What could be causing this? I had a cortisone injection in my shoulder 7 days ago. How long before I know if it works.  Physical therapy exercises for a rotator cuff injury What causes pain when you lower your arm after raising it? Pain below my shoulder, around my neck area for almost two years happens couple times a week Any ideas what it might be? I recieved a teanus shot in my left shoulder 30 days ago and it still makes my whole arm numb. Did they hit a nerve? is sulpher in doxycycline or prednisone? I popped my shoulder then somehow popped it back in, but now I feel pain whenever I lift my shoulder straight up. 2nd Degree Sunburn with Large open blister, how do I treat this at home? my husband has a red itchy painful rash all over him and now has swollen ankles hes a heavy drinker what could be wrong. Had pox in my 30's, now 43 and have something similar.Not localized in one patch. Can shingles be more spread out? I am having severe stabbing pain at the base of my neck on the left side also with pain in my shoulder. I have skin redness/scratchlike rashes around my shoulder and arm area, not from scratching, but it looks just like it.  can gas be in your shoulder or back? Bruise / skin staining? over 9 months after portacath removal I need to take a urine drug test at CPS to see my grandaughter will St. Johns wort show up on that test as a drug? I have adult cradle cap, it's on my face and it WONT go away no matter what I do. Im getting depressed. How do I treat? My husband banged his arm and had tremendous pain shoulder to elbow now his bicep is misaligned when flexed. Any ideas? i play softball and i stretch before every game i throw righty and have pain from my shoulder down to elbow what is this Is there a blood test to see if you have shingles Can you identify this strange blister? Why do i NOW have a lack of sensitivity in my penis. It isn't numb but takes a longer time to achieve orgasm? I have sharp pain in my right shoulder blade through the lower part of my my underarm rib cage. What could be the cause? I have been having a sharp pain in the top of my right shoulder for a few days. No injury. Hurts real bad when I breathe is full open shoulder rotator cuff surgery with 6 anchors considered extensive Shoulder pain, popping hard, grinding. Lots of back problems, don't know what to do? Will my cherry angiomas ever go away on their own? pain under left shoulder blade and in chest BAD neck/shoulder/arm pain two months. EMG neg. Travels neck-shoulder-arm-fingers - right ear too. His. schwannoma.HELP! Hi,I have acne problem on my back.it leaves black scars in the last 3 years.acne problem is spreading to my shoulders. Impingement syndrome Impingement syndrome I have upper back of the neck pain and upper back/shoulder pain. Feels like I need to pop my neck/back, but when i do.. Why have been getting these odd sensations in the back of my head accompanied by pressure? Rotator Cuff Injury I believe that is what I have is ibuprofen just a temporary relief? Meaning do symptoms come right back once the drug wears off? is back pain post gall bladder surgery normal? Why are my shoulders breaking out so bad now that i am taking testosterone cypionate for testosterone therapy? left shoulder and neck pain when i lift my head up  What type of injuries to the shoulder will an X-ray show?  I fell 7/2013; dianosed 11/2013 with torn rotator cuff; surgery was planned 1/6/14 changed to 2/6/14. Do I need surgery? can a rotator cuff disorder make your hand cold? My husband has had pain starting in his right leg, then it moved to his left. It then moved to one shoulder then other. post op open shoulder surgery with dislocation and fracture on11/23/13 have pain that radiates down my whole arm hand sudden,severe grabing pain in upper right stomach,goes under ribs to shoulder and neck.Breathing keeps it going Gas and girgling from penis while urinating Should you apply heat or ice to a shoulder ligament strain?  can corporal tunnel syndrome be in your shoulder? What is a superior labral tear? Back/Neck/Shoulder/Hip pain HAD ROTATOR SURGERY IN JANUARY AND MY ARM STILL HURTS WHAT SHOULD I DO? In a auto accident now my lower back is hurting been a month why? since January I have had a 20% loss of muscle mass and increasing joint pain. started in shoulders, has now traveled. My shoulders and chest are hurting very badly, like I slept on my shoulder wrong but it hurts mich worse. recently I feel a pulse in the right side of my neck that goes up into my ear How to treat swelling of the knee I have SLAP tear in shoulder with extension into biceps anchor and proximal long head biceps tendon. Can epidural cause persistent back pain what is the prognosis for a 98 year old 110 pound female with a borken shoulder and hip Can you help me out with a few symptoms I have been experiencing? Why am I having these twitches or tics that are accompanied with vocal noise? Should I worry about it being torrents? can neck and shoulder pain cause lightheadedness I have arthritis that is destroying my joints however its not R.A errectile disfunction while lying down or bending head down I hurt all over, painful joints and feeling tired and no energy, cannot sleep through the night. Knee and shoulder pain. I noticed a small lump in my armpit about a month ago. It has gotten larger and has become painful.  How do you treat cervical spinal stenosis? Pain starts in neck then burns shoulder and down arms please help what can i do to reduce the pain  Rotator Cuff Injury what should be done about a Cysts the size of a marble on the back of neck, close to spine. pain in lower neck, radiating into shoulder and down the arm, and numbness in the thumb. what might cause this to occur? Rotator Cuff Injury? what causes shoulder and neck pain 42yr old male chest,shoulder,back on left side aches. sent home from clinic with tylenol 3 should he take them? Left Shoulder pain, gas? what to expect after rotator cuff surgery I have small, skin-colored bumps that appear on my back. They aren't rough but very smooth and do not cause pain. can shoulder with a comp tear of supraspinatus tendon w/ refraction of tendon 5 cm be operated on with full recovery? can your mind take over when you fall and can't feel any pain and you're just perfectly fine or is it something else? I'm 4 1/2 wks pregnant. My scalp is itchy n I have dandruff. Can I use head n shoulders to treat dry scalp? can you get tendinitis in your shoulders? What do you do when all non invasive procedures have been taken for shoulder pain, locking and weakness? Can Corticosteroid Injections into Shoulder / joints for pain cause heavy and long bleeding cycle for menstural cycle? Was in a rollover car crash on Sunday my wrist and shoulder hurts what can I do to make the pain stop? Age 66 right shoulder pain and ratcheting, night pain, had accidents long ago, swimming fast to age 50, sleep on right have pain in shoulder when I move my arm  What's causing the sharp pains in my back, right under my shoulder blades? It hurts to breathe. Are there any excersises that I can do at home? The pinched nerve is located in shoulder under healing collar bone. rotator cuff injury with broken shoulder, is it possible? When do the masculine features of the male body stop developing, e.g. increase in facial hair growth area, shoulders etc can shoulder pain be caused from blocked arteries? I sleep all the time, can't seem to stay awake. I work full time but when home, sleep. Am depressed, on meds. My father has stomach cancer that spread everywhere. he hasn't or drank for 2 weeks now. Why wont the hospital keep him I just got the flu shot yesterday and my arm feels heavy fuzzy and sore,especially in shoulder joint. Is this normal? At the age of 40, is it common to "fall apart"?? Can iron sucrose effect the liver and gallbladder? 