How are skin tags treated? Will the depigmented patches of vitiligo spread? What are the sources of skin fungi? How are breast lumps evaluated? Can your diet help keep your skin looking younger? What skin products should I avoid if I have sensitive skin? What can I do about brown spots on my face and hands? What is causing blisters from the back to the middle of my tongue? My husband switched to Fentanyl patches after taking Oxycontin for two years. When can he expect relief from his pain? What is the best OTC medicine for any skin infection? There is a large rash on my leg after getting several mosquito bites. I am sensitive to bug bites - should I be worried? Does Preparation H help with dark circles under the eyes? I am taking Lidocaine patches and would like to know what it does. Where can I find coupons for nicotine patches? I take a shower everyday and I wash my hair everyday. I wash my face twice a day. So why can't I get clear skin? Nothing works on my dry skin, I itch so much, I am leaving marks. What can I do? I have rosacea. My skin is too sensitive to use a lot of products. How do I pick ones that won't irritate my skin?  My mom and my grandma had beautiful skin and washed their face with bar soap. Why do I need a regimen to clean my face? I get bumpy skin on the back of my arms. I have tried microdermabrasion scrubs, but they don't wok. What can I do? I have tried self-tanners, but they streak and leave dark splotches on my skin. Some of them also smell funny. Help! My kids don't sleep through the night, so now I have dark circles around my eyes. What can I do to minimize them? I have a lot of age spots on my face. I want to use a foundation to cover them. What should I look for in a product? I have acne and oily skin. Sunscreens feel really greasy. I only wear makeup with sunscreen on my face. Is that enough? I read that you need a some sunshine on your bare skin to get enough Vitamin D. So why should I use a sunscreen? What's the best skin lightening cream; I am darker skinned? When I am out in the sun, I get a rash, why? I get eczema on my legs every summer. My skin looks awful. What stuff can I get from the drugstore to help my skin? The skin around my tattoo really itches. Am I allergic to the ink? Should I see a doctor? I don't have health insurance. I got my bellybutton pierced, but I think its infected. If I take the piercing out, will the skin grow back together? I'm undergoing chemotherapy and its taken a toll on my face and skin. When I am well again, will my skin get better? I am sick of shaving my legs. I get bumpy skin and my legs never feel smooth. Does laser hair removal really work? The dermatologist says if I go out in the sun after having IPL treatments, my age spots will come back. What can I do? How can a dermal filler make my dark circles around my eyes go away? How much does it cost? I love to go skiing in the winter, but my skin always gets chapped and dry. What can I do for it? I have very oily skin. Help! Im worried about my husband not taking care of his skin, but he doesnt think men need to do anything. Any suggestions? What is the best thing you can do for a babys skin? What are some tips for dealing with skin that is dry in some places, and oily in others? I care about my skin, but the products are so expensive. Can you give me some tips for saving money? Are there foods I can add to my diet to help my skin? How do I know when a rash is serious enough to see a dermatologist? What are some of the worst things you can do for your skin? If you could do only one thing daily for your skin, what would that be? Any woman can look younger if they have money for expensive skin treatments. What can I do if I can't afford them? I had under-eye surgery 14 years ago. The skin under my eyes is now wrinkled and loose. How can I tighten under my eyes? I am 47 and have sensitive, acne-prone skin. I break out when I use sunscreen - even in a moisturizer. Any suggestions? I'm 51 years old and notice that my skin has changed. It looks like reptile skin and the color is uneven. What do I do? I am 44 years old but I look 50+. I tried many products but do not see any improvement in my skin. What really works?  Is collagen IV an effective anti-aging product? Is Gluthathione IV good for skin whitening? What about a collagen pill? What is best for dark circles under the eyes and chin firming? What is the best moisturizer for older skin? What kind of eye cream should I use for dry skin at the age of 30? How does retinyl propionate compare to retinoic acid, retinaldehyde and retinol for treating wrinkles and skin sagging? I have been noticing my skin looking a little dry, even wrinkled. I am 36. Is there is something I need for my skin? What is the best over-the-counter skin treatment to combat aging neck skin? What can I use to tighten my skin? I am 66 and so far my skin only has a few wrinkles but I do not like the sag. What should I do to get rid of "brown spots" or "age spots"? Is there a prescription that will remove wrinkles and age spots? What product must I use to have a clear and smooth skin? What is the best way to remove or lighten a dark spot that was caused by the sun and estrogen? Three days ago, my husband's skin started to hurt. It started with a patch on his back and has spread. What is this? My skin is irritated after I treated a flea infestation in my hair with kerosene. How can I reduce skin irritation? What is the best thing for itching skin? I have rosacea. Ive applied metronidazole for years, but am now covered with under-the-skin pus bumps. What can I do? Im 28 weeks pregnant and have small brown patches around my breast. They itch sometimes, dry out, and peel. Any ideas? I have a small piece of skin under my lower eyelashes and it looks like a tiny zit. How do I get rid of it? I am a fair skin Afro-American male, and I have hyperpigmentation on my neck and arms. What can be the cause of this? I have a patch of dry, flaky, itchy skin on my cheek. It has spread to my ears, neck, and forehead. Is this psoriasis? My son has dry skin really bad all over his body. I had alligator skin as a child. Does he have it too? I am an African-American lady. What do you recommend for evening skin tone on the face and on the body? Are there any nonsurgical methods for fading age spots on the face? Is there any product in a jar that will tighten up sagging and loose skin under the chin and jaw? What about Thermage? Are certain skin types (ethnicity) more likely to scar or have bad reactions to treatments like peels and laser? I need a "quick fix" for a few sunspots & skin tightening. A local clinic does "photo facial" treatments. Do they work?  I had my son 19 months ago, and I have some loose skin on my belly from my pregnancy. How can I tighten up my skin? I was considering getting semi or permanent eyeliner. How will this affect my skin and eyelid tissues? Is there a way an olive skin person can have a chemical peel? Is it ok to have a TB skin test while pregnant? What Are the Treatments for Blisters?  What products should I use on my skin? My 14 yr. old teen has a tight foreskin. What should he do to stretch his foreskin without having to be circumcised? Could the amoxicillin my nephew just finished taking cause a rash all over his body? Does the frequency or intensity of malar rash indicate a lupus flare?  My skin is scaly, especially with shaving. It is also becomes very dry from sun. Is there a cream that can help this? What are some cheaper alternatives to plastic surgery for youthful skin? What is the treatment for a large skin pinch blood blister? What are some ways to prevent dry, itchy skin? When I eat nuts, I break out in cold sores, canker sores, and neck rash. Is this a common reaction? Which is better for an itchy foot rash -- Claritin or Zyrtec?  I take metformin, lisinopril, and HCTZ. Could they be causing white skin blotches and itching when I'm in the sun? What drugs have a negative effect on the skin's ability to tan?  Can adult sunscreen lotion cause a rash on children? How can I keep my hair and skin oil-free in the summer?  Can medications pass from one person to another through mucous membranes, oral or skin contact, or sexual contact? Is it possible to be irritated or get a small discharge from certain condoms? What medicines can cause your skin to turn blue? My 6-year-old has a black discoloration on his gums that is sensitive to touch. It wont come off. What could this be? My 5-year-old has a swollen spot on his gums thats red around the edges and white in the middle. What is it? Could the skin peeling on the tips of my fingers or toes and the numbness in both big toes be related to my diabetes? What's the best skin care for my aging, less elastic skin? I am 19 years old with a serious acne problem and many pock marks. How can I revive my skin? I have thin skin on my forearms. Could it be hereditary and because of tanning as a teen? Will using a generic formula cause problems with my baby's growth and development? What can cause a skin rash? Can any advertised device reduce my sagging skin? My two-month-old has a skin rash, with peeling and little bumps. What can I do? Since I've stopped menstruating, I've noticed my skin is itchy and bumpy. What can I do for relief?  Are there any foods or drinks you should avoid giving children so their adult teeth don't come in discolored?  I have pink spots on the roof of my mouth. My dentist told me if they don't go away to let him know. What could they be? I have blisters on my bottom lip, because I suck my lip and clench my teeth at night. How can I help them heal faster? Ive noticed that the skin inside my mouth is peeling. What could be causing this?  I recently got a rash on one side of my face. Could a change in birth control pills be causing this rash?  I started using the patch to quit smoking. Ive developed an itchy, red warm area on my skin. Did the patch cause this? Since taking Plavix, I have an itchy rash developing on my chest, arms, and back. Is this normal?  I use the Vivelle estrogen patch, and they're very expensive. I found some that expired. Can I still use them? How effective is prescription tretinoin .05 on fine wrinkles and patches of rough skin? How long does it take?  How can I protect my skin from dryness in the winter? How does smoking affect my skin?  What the right way to clean the oily skin on my face?  I was diagnosed with shingles and began treatment yesterday. The blisters turned to a spreading rash. What can I do?  Last winter my skin started to get excessively dry and crack, overnight. This year, it's back. What can I do?  My fingertips have severe dry, cracked, peeling skin that sometimes becomes worse. Any suggestions?  I broke my pinky fingernail down to the skin and have been feeling a tingling/slight numbness. Did I hit a nerve?  I am 14 and just lost 60 pounds. I have a lot of excess skin on my belly. What can I do to get rid of it?  I am getting tiny blood-red spots all over my body. I have very fair skin! What are they and how can I get rid of them? I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism and have dry skin, especially around the eyes. What beauty routine I should follow? Im a man with somewhat oily skin. Can you tell me about using abrasive skin scrubbers or loofahs to remove dead skin? I am 46 years old and have oily-combination skin. What would be the best toner for my age?  I am going through menopause and now have extremely dry, itchy skin and red bumps. Is there something you can recommend? How do you prevent freckles and dark patches or age spots on the face? Are there any special skin treatments? What can I do about the dark circles under my eyes? I have worn my wedding ring for years. Recently, eczema appeared on my finger where the ring touches. What can I do? I am 49 years old, and have dry skin and pimples in the jaw line. Can you suggest an effective acne remedy? I have skin tags in both underarm areas. How many skin tags can typically be removed in one office visit?  I have dark spots on my legs. Is there a cream or a type of acid to bleach these spots? Where do these spots come from? I'm 48 years old, and I have adult acne. Also, the skin around my nose flakes. What can I do about these two issues? At age 40, I have both oily and dry skin problems. What kind of cleanser and toner do you recommend?  I don't eat meat that often, but my skin smells terrible. What can I do? I've noticed a lot of loose skin around my knees and in the front of my legs. What can be done? I'm on my feet at work. What is the cure for dry skin?  I had liver spots as a child, and it looks like theyre back. My skin is blotchy and two-toned. Can I get rid of them? How can I get rid of dark spots on my face?  I have dark eyelids and a dark circle around my mouth. What natural remedies can I use to get rid of them?  My skin is prone to lots of whiteheads and breakouts. What can I do?  Ive been using an antiaging cream & saw definite improvement. Now my skin feels irritated. Can you overuse a product? How much of a difference does eating better, getting some exercise, sleeping more, etc., make for my skin?  What is the single best thing I can do to keep my skins youthful appearance?  Can stressful events (divorce, death of a parent, etc.) actually age my skin? If so, is there anything I can do? How can I fight toxins in the air or environment that will age my skin?  Are there age-advancing toxins in the chemicals that I use to clean my home? Anything I should do to protect my skin? Are certain foods linked with healthy skin? I was told that oatmeal is good for the skin; is that true? Are there natural ways to help firm up the skin on my face for a more youthful look?  Skin has grown over my back molar. It has begun to get very sore, even raw, especially while eating. What should I do?  What can I use for dark circles under my eyes?  What can I use for dark marks on my skin?  What are aging spots?  Can diabetes lead to a rash? Is it common for diabetics to get rashes? I'm 55 years old. My skin is becoming more sensitive to skin care products. Can skin become sensitive over time? For several weeks, my right cheek has been swollen and painful, with white spots on the lining. Is this oral cancer? I am an African-American lady. What do you recommend for evening skin tone on the face and on the body?  Are there any nonsurgical methods for fading age spots on the face?  Is there a product that will tighten up sagging and loose skin under the chin and jaw? Is Thermage effective?  Are certain skin types (ethnicity) more likely to scar or have bad reactions to treatments like peels and laser?  I need a quick fix for a few sunspots and skin tightening. Will photo facial treatments give me the results I desire?  I had my son a year ago, and still have loose skin on my belly from my pregnancy. How can I tighten up the extra skin? I am considering semi- or permanent eyeliner. How will this affect my skin and eyelid tissues?  What is vitiligo on the skin? Does Preparation H help with dark circles under the eyes?  What is the best OTC medicine for any skin infection?  Can atenolol stunt a child's growth?  My earlobes develop hard, crusty patches of skin and scabs and are sore. Ive tried Bactroban. Do you have any advice? I have a fair complexion, but its dull and oily. My skin is sensitive and I have acne. What products should I use? What are the most important things you should do to have healthy skin in your early 30s?  Im a 32 year-old Asian woman. Im suffering from dry, sensitive, acne-prone skin. What can I do to improve my skin? I have had a vitiligo patch for 10 years. How can it be treated? Can I use lemons to lighten the darker areas of my skin on my body, including the perianal area? What else can I use? I lost 74 pounds and have wrinkled, saggy skin. What natural product can I use for collagen and elastin production? I was told by a doctor that the age spots on my hands are from hormones. I thought it was sun exposure. What can I use? Other than using bleaching creams, what can I do about dark patches on my cheeks?  What skin products can I use to get rid of the brown patches on my cheeks (pregnancy mask)? I love to go skiing. But how do it treat chapped and dry skin?  I have very oily skin. How can I treat it?  What should men do daily for their skin?  What is the best thing you can do for a babys skin?  What do I deal with skin that is dry in some places, and oily in others?  How can I buy good skin-care products inexpensively?  What product must I use to have clear and smooth skin?  Will a Blue Peel or a laser even out my skin tone and be strong enough to remove the sun spots on my face? I use a high SPF lotion on my face daily and have sensitive, oily skin. Why do I still get sun spots and white freckles? What is the best way to remove or lighten a dark spot that was caused by the sun and estrogen?  My skin is irritated after I treated a flea infestation in my hair with kerosene. How can I reduce skin irritation? What is the best thing for itchy skin?  I had under-eye surgery 14 years ago. Now my eyes are puffy, and the skin is wrinkled and loose. How can I tighten them? I'm 51 and noticed that my skin has changed. It looks like reptile skin, and the color is uneven. What should I do?  Is collagen IV an effective antiaging product? Is gluthathione IV good for skin whitening? What about pills or powders? What is the best treatment for dark circles under the eyes and chin firming?  What is the best moisturizer for older skin?  What kind of eye cream should I use for dry skin at the age of 30?  How does retinyl propionate compare to retinoic acid, retinaldehyde and retinol for treating wrinkles and skin sagging? My skin is starting to look a little dry, even wrinkled. I am 36, and was wondering if there is something I should do. What is the best over-the-counter skin treatment to combat aging neck skin?  What can I use to tighten my skin? I am 66 and so far my skin only has a few wrinkles, but I do not like the sag.  What should I do to get rid of brown spots or age spots?  Is there a prescription that will remove wrinkles and age spots?  I have a lot of whiteheads and blackheads on my oily, uneven brown skin. What can help? I have dark purple blotches under my eyes even though I'm healthy. What causes it?  What can I do to have glowing, pinkish skin not dry, dull skin? I have a hard red spot, about the size of a quarter, near my ankle. It does not hurt. What could it be?  How is amyloidosis of the skin treated?  Question: What is the best way to condition my skin before a cosmetic procedure?  I am a 16-year-old boy and have dark circles under my eyes. Is there a natural way to get rid of them?  I am 28 and have very sensitive skin. Is it too early to start using age-defying products?  What's the best kind of moisturizer to use with oily skin? What foods I can add to my diet to help my skin?  What are liver lesions? Does coffee stunt your growth? My daughter was born with a bright red birthmark on her back. It is now solid & welted above the skin. Should I worry? My skin breaks out with a itchy rash after coming in contact with my pitbull. Is their anything I can do? why do my feet burn and hurt? I have a small light brown patch of pigment on my throat - side effect of contraceptive pill? How do you know if a lump on your breast that emits white liquid like a zit occasionaly is serious or not? Are there foods and/or drinks that may cause acne breakouts? why does my skin itch when i sweat? The tip of my left hand thumb has been numbish for 2 days, can you explain what could be causing it? I have bumps on my genital region, I am a male. From what I read it doesn't appear to be herpes. No itch, pain/openings Every 2-3 months the skin of my hand thickens, pills off and renews to a new skin. No certain diagnosis from any doctor. do the colored marks (red/pink/brown) thats left on your face after a blemish/pimple fade in time or are they permanent? how to treat candida Hi, I am having an issue with my vagina lips. They are very itchy and irritated. my 11 yr old has a thin, white 1/32" long thing on his face - what could it be? I was stung by a puss calipilar aprox a week and a half ago..how long does the mark stay on the skin? skin problem. On arms and legs.Look infected, warm or burning feeling sometimes,hurt, itch and feel and look acticve skin problem. On arms and legs.Look infected, warm or burning feeling sometimes,hurt, itch and feel and look acticve My daughter?s right nipple is sore when touched and feels hard under the skin. She is nine years old. Small round dry patches on skin. Not itchy, but darker around the edge. Why does my 8 year old have a lump under the skin and above each nipple, and hurts bad? Is this normal in puberty? Male 47, I had UTI last month, Treated well. I have lost sensation in groin/penis. erection/ejuculate normal. PL advise. I have itchy red bumps around my pubic area. This morning it's spread onto my arms. Could this be from chlamydia? small bumps under skin pea sized all toes swollen and red,skin peeling,can't hardly move them,started havin a slight ooze,burning and throbbing,is itgout Could I have athlete's foot? Can our athletic trainer help me? have 3 small circular lesion/blisters with a white center at the base of my penis. Been there 3 days. Painful to touch Itchy bumps all over my legs and white spots, it seems an allergic reaction after tanning. What should I do? No one seems to know but I can't feel any pain in any of my skin area on my entire body? What does it mean? My lips and fingers as well as vaginal secretions all taste bitter. Any idea why? Are there any home remedies for edema? My skin became very dark after using Skinlite cream.. plz help found a bead size bump under the skin right outside of the anal area?? what can it be?? is a little sore Should I keep my foreskin retracted all of the time? Chlamydia symptoms still present after two rounds of antibiotics. Is it still chlamydia? Can a person get a skin burn from an ultrasound examine? Weird bump on skin that changed from pink to brown and developed a sore, it is firm and not painful..what could it be? can biotin cause weight gain My son is 16 and has acne prone skin that is made worse by shaving. Is there anything he can use to help illevate acne? Ingrown hair or STD?  I woke up with a pimple like sore on my right side below my armpit. The next day its the size of quarter under the skin. Could I be allergic to the ingredients in Synthroid? Will the skin of an obese person age 45 mold back to normal after having lap band surgery? I have a skin rash that looks like ringworm but isn't. Its red and very itchy and spreading everywhere. What can i do? What product do you recommend I use to remove my acne scars and rejuvenate my skin? Will it cause acne break outs? I have a gouge on the mid-tip of my thumb;a piece the flesh is gone; it keeps bleeding, no pain. How do I treat it? accutane-still no effect??? I have a sore patch of skin thats scaley, bumpy and peels, I have had it for months and have no idea what it is. I had a cyst (?) on my pubic area so I tried to pop it with a thumb tack and now there is a hole. What should I do? I have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? 47,male acne, tried antibiotics, met.top.0.75%,hydcort,val.0.2%,Prednisone 20mg x16days,not helping. whats next? HELP!!! I've pooped 12 times since I've woken up, all of them diarrhea. What is happening to me? During work out or a hot a summer day temporary red vesicles appears on my skin and they itches until disappears. Why? Groin odor and itchiness I have plantars warts, moisture caused the skin to tear around it, is it possible to just pull it off? My husband has 3 lumps under his skin...armpit, arm and lower back...all are about 1 inch in diameter...what is this? I cut my finger 2 yrs ago. It healed and then breaks out again when in water too long. What do you think is the problem? Are these symptoms indicative of dehydration? Is there a surgical procedure to remove exess skin from the penis? As in a circumcision that didn't heal properly. I went on a family vacation for the forth of July and came back with horrible acne!! What can I do to get rid of it? Is there a corrective surgery for a circumcision that did not heal properly? what are side effects after liposuction Can anyone give more information on Primary cutaneous neuroendocrine "merkel cell carcinoma"? Is there anyway insurance would cover some kind of breast augmentation for rashes under the breast?  skin tears around head of penis My Gyno diagnosed me with HSV2 by just a 2 minute observation without a culture or bloodtest. Is this legitimate? Breast cancer, diabetes, dry skin on body, oil rough face skin what do I do. Raw flaking skin on bikini line? Im 70 years old and my skin has been really flaky since around the summer time. Why is the skin on my arms wrinkly and loose? Don't I not drink enough water? I am 52 years old. will dehydration cause you skin to look blue What causes skin tags? why does the skin on the palm of my left hand look dead and dried out? I noticed that around my ankle area there is these spots and the skin is rough, do you know what this could be? Once skin is broken, how long does it generally take for a Staph infection to occur if not cleaned properly? What does this sound like? please help Reocurring foot swelling, redness, and itching? Right side of tummy hurts :( What do I do if my college roomates foot is turning completely blue after tripping and hitting it on the table earlier? I am 24 year old female Within the last year my body heats up at night My skin feels so hot Its only at night what is it What is this small, round, solid, slightly red bump between upper arm and breast that's not moveable? Can cigarettes smoke stain clothing and/or skin with chemicals or toxins harmful to a newborn baby? I Iook like I'm 8 months pregnant...when I'm not What are these boil type things on my skin and now leaving trails of germs everywhere. Even in my mouth. Why is my skin always hot to the touch?  painful mole or skin tag burns constantly When doing sit-ups, the skin around my tailbone is rubbing raw, what can I do to prevent this? Recenlty had abdominal surgery, a partial colonectomy. Penis and testicles are now mishapen, swollen, and discolored.  friend has red bumps on the perineum area. what could this be? I have PCOS Im 17 Ive had it for a 2 years now but i havent gotten any treatment, what happens if i continue like this?? My left leg has a very deep acheing pain that hurts worse when I try to walk. It almost feels like my bone will break what type of physician do I need to see if I have a growth under the skin of my thumb?  My nose ring is stuck and won't come out. What can I do? i have a small lump just underneath the surface of my skin. its like a hard marble, it is not painful. what is it? I have skin attached to the head of my penis, making putting on condoms difficult (and retraction). How do I fix this? Blisters in my underarm area I tried to push out a mole that was in my skin, and now its popping out how do i natural make it go back the way it was skin patch on foreskin I am a 45 year old man and have little facial hair, basically I have no sideburns. What can i do to promote hair growth? I have a longer piece of skin hanging from my vagina Should I reduce the size of my breast implants or remove them altogether? I have bumps on my head that act like zits but are harder to pop. there is a hard white piece that comes out. what is it  Had laporscopy surgery 3 weks ago have warmnes in both legs a circle on low belly bruise color -inside skin color help? 18 year old guy, uncircumcised, virgin. My problem is that my penis gets swollen when I masturbate, well the outer skin. why does the skin of my fingers split and bleed for no apparent reason? Can you help with condylox genital warts treatment and side effects? Large redish pimple like bump in pubic hair, painfull at first. could it be an std? skin tender to the touch, but no visible evidence. lasting 1-2 days then moving to another area. My 11 month old granddaughter hit her mouth on a table and has some bleeding. What should I do? She has 2 lower teeth. my son keeps getting big red blotches on his skin an his back what are they.they itch and are raised  what is the likelihood of getting cancer from shining a 1 watt laser on skin? How do I get rid of the mild to moderate acne scarring and large pores on my forehead? My skin is very sensitive to touch, moreso on my back and neck. It constantly stings and feels sunburned if herion is being used and they are always itching can that cause the person to get scabies ? need a anti itch medication for eczema red raw skin from bandaid use I was beaten on christmas. I have been experiencing pain in the lower right side of my back when applying pressure on it What are symptoms of infecting yourself through the "Triangle of Death" area on your face? i have a bump that has burst open and now has a deep hole which has been discharging a smelly fluid, what could it be? I burned my arm several days ago. The top layer of skin came off when I showered. What should I put on it? missed period but negative test for pregnancy, am I pregnant or is something wrong with me? Is black soap good for oily acne prone skin and is cocoa butter or vitamin e good for moisturizing oily acne prone skin? Why does my bum burn when I go pee? A crawling sensation on the outside of my left thigh under the skin. Just above knee moving upward. once your exposed to hepatitis does the virus stay with you forever or can u be hepatitis free?...... i have had coin sized lump under the skin on my lower outer thigh for a couple months. Feel rush of small pain up leg.  i have a yellow vaginal discharge with odor its getting worse my period is becoming spuratic does a uncircumcised newborn need to have the skin pulled back when cleaning the his private 30 year old male with severe pain during urination until urine flows, severe lower back pain, fever of 103.4...any ideas What exactly causes oily skin?  the top of my right eye lid has been red looks irritated for about 2 months now but not itchy Which is better for adult dry skin; cool mist humidifier or warm steam vaporizer? Rt. foot (top), pale in color, painful to the touch, and when i move it, feels as though my skin is pulling/stretching Problem in urine-flow during erection my 13 year old can't retract foreskin on penis.what do i do? sudden red, tender, painful, and peeling skin around nose and upper lip. this is the only place it occurs on my body.  Can bacteria in the vaginal area cause skin condition? Should foreskin be retracted before intercourse? I have what appears to be a pretty serious dandruff condition on my scalp and under my facial hair. What can I do? I hit my head and now it is really swollen Body turns bright red and burning sensation then sever itching as fast it comes on it goes away but may linger  I have a rash on both hands very dry and causes pain. What is it? Hello! My little boy(5y), has a very itching skin, in the night.Its skin is very dry, rough, and chicken-like. Swollen, Itchy Foreskin... need help! I cut my fingertip off last week. The ER put clotting tissue because it wouldn't stop bleeding. What now? My seventeen year old daughters skin is burning up, body aches with no fever, what does this mean? Is there a remedy for dark skin patch on penis from chronic male yeast infection? I am suffering from sleep disorders for the past 1 year, having bags/dark circles, breakouts on skin, what to do? how to stop dry sking from spreading should i quit taking ambilify cold turkey. formation of hard skin after injuri. what would cause my leg to discolor, swell, and skin be so tight and soar what causes frequent involuntary nose and eye twitching Need Help about Tear near Anus. Recently, I have chills, extreme skin sensitivity in my torso, and intense headache. slightly yellow/green penile discharge Why is my face, especially my nose, continually dry and peels? I broke out in a rash only on my face. what could it be? i've had diarrhea for a few months now my skin breaks out bad and i havent had a period in over 40 days and i have cramp I have a skin rash in the gluteal cleft for about a month now, treated it with Jock itch ointment. Won't go away. Itchy! One of my veins running from the pubic area down to my knee hurts. no colour change, but it feels swollen. Why is this? Can I get genital herpes from fixing someones make up? Why is the skin on my feet peeling? Hello I've had a mark on my face below my eye for years and have never been able to identify it, i have pictures to post what can be done for a 78 year old that has paper thin skin that bruises, injures, cuts, bleeds etc; very easily.  Could I be pregnant by a not-at-all-deep ejaculation? (period is late by 4 days) what kind of bug will ONLY bite in the diaper area ? I have a painful mass at the top of my buttcrack/my tailbone. its about an inch and it showed up 3 days ago, what is it? my thumb has green puss and its swollen i think from an ingrown nail. It hurts and was from biting my nails and Skin color single bump on my penis leaks clear. HIV it came back neg. What could this be? Does not itch or burn. Why does my penis itch? I have 3 free floating hard painless "bumps' check/jaw neck and floor of mouth. should i be worried my daughter dug out a small bump on her nose that looks like a hard tiny bead. it was just under her skin. any ideas? What is the cause of this vaginal itch, how should I treat it?  I think I have frenulum breve and my foreskin won't pull back. Can I get circumcised without telling family? I'm 23... I have a friend that describes herself as a vegetarian and she still eats pork skins. Are pork skins considered meat? Can cosmetic ingredients absorb through skin? Is it normal for the shingles vaccine to produce shingles-like symptoms? I cut my foot on the top and it has a piece of skin which seems to be reattaching should I cut it off I have random what seem to be bug bites appearing on my body, throughout the day. They are not round bumps and not color Does shiny skin mean your skin is thin? My husband gets blister-type painful bumps UNDER the skin on his hands. Prednisone seems to help. What is this? Penis head irritated Boy(13)has bald spots on his head. Skin smooth. Dr said not thyroid. should we try another pediatric or dermotology? my boyfrend has x large testes, look like a small pillow in his pant he 62 been this way all his life is this normal? I started Chantix a week ago and I'm expirencing some horrible side effects. My doctor isn't really helping.... What kind of skin condition/infection is this? I have two small lumps under my chin that vary in size. One is on the left side and the other on right side. What would cause a hard vein-like thing under the skin on the side of the shaft of my penis? I have a skin tear that starts at my rectum and goes up between my legs to my lower back.  What can cause severe widespread tenderness of the skin? MRSA? Need Advice on what to ask my doctor! Please advice me! what conditions would go with bloody stools severe weight loss 50 pounds in 4 months vomiting daily very pale skin? Is this Balantis on my penis? skin that is raw and smells, under the breast and in the folds of my skin. it burns and red and stays moist Is it bad for your skin to write on yourself? I have an itchy, tingly, crawling sensation on my back at my right shoulder blade for months what is it? Can you rub straight vitamin e from a capsule on your skin? Can a prescribed steroid to eliminate a cough damage the pancreas and cause related symptoms? I'm 16 i cannot retract my foreskin fully ovr my glans im nt cicmcised n any prob while intrcourse in future.any remedy? My labia is swollen and red. Should I have surgery to correct it? I zipped my testicles while putting on jeans...and still in pain, how can i ease the pain? noticed a rash on my butt, most receded next day except two now-scabs which have not hurt/itched at all. is this herpes? Why would you use WebMD for health advice/information INSTEAD of going to see a doctor? Tip of the penis is itchy, pain during urination and it feels as if it is leaking but no pus. I have a really big stomach, it's the biggest part of my body. I look like I am 20 months pregnant!!  I have ONE pimple like blister near perianum. it is not red or blisterish. Could this be GH? What can cause long lasting vulvar pressure? My nipple has cracked and broken skin (very small) but just wont heal. Keeps scabbing, how can I heal it completely? Is it safe to go to the beach when ur skin is pealing from sunburn? When i eat fruit that has skin the inside of my mouth becomes itchy i also get little bumps on my lip What is the caused What is an average weight of foreskin removed at circumcision Both my 5 yo ( lt.side) and 8 yo (bilat) girls have red swollen nipples no visable insect bites or break in skin My Lunula peeled off and now the skin underneath that is INFLAMMED, on top of the missing lunula. WHat should I do? My daughter has a staff infection on her foot. Should she discard her shoes that she has worn? something that bit me. it's in a circle my upper layer of skin is off some redness in the centre of the circle. I'm having large pieces of skin coming out of my vagina on my period. I've never had this happen before. What is it? I'm 35. I recently have lighter, irregular patches on penis. i have premature hair whitening. Is it vitiligo or tinea? If you dip half of a lemon in sugar and put it on your face is that bad for your skin? Brown spots on lower legs ?? My 2yr old has hard white/skin colored bumps on his chest arm leg groin area  Wierd red line on arm How do I pull back my tight foreskin? how do i know what my 9 year old daughter has growning under her right middle finger? How do you treat blisters on the bottom of feet caused by walking on hot pavement? can babies catch ringworm what causes yellow skin?  what causes yellow skin?  Is there a cream I can buy in the US for genital warts, when the warts are on the TIP of the opening to my urethra? When a doctor checks the skin for a sign of mono, what is he looking for to indicate that there might be mono? During weight gain does a persons skin streach or does it grow to accomodate the extra fat? There are small bumps under the foreskin of my penis, I am 16 what could they be? they are hardly visible. How to keep mosquitos away without using DEET? Is foreskin restoration possible? What advice do you have to give to men seeking to restore their foreskins? Can you contract HIV from fingering a girl who is? While having sex, I had pain, withdrew, to discover bleeding on the skin below the head of my penis 2nd Degree Sunburn with Large open blister, how do I treat this at home? Struck top of hand hard enough to break skin. Fingers cold and numb. Pain several hours after injury. Worth X-ray? I take sulfamethoxazole tmp, and now have a skin rash. I was in the sun and 100 degree weather today. What do I do? I have skin redness/scratchlike rashes around my shoulder and arm area, not from scratching, but it looks just like it.  why does the least amt of pressure cause my forearms and lower legs to get blood pooling under the skin/ skin tears How can i keep my skin tight as i loose a lot of weight. The skin on my upper arms is red like sunburn but it is permanent. i managed to pull back my foreskin, but it somewhat gets stuck but i can somewhat get it to cover me back, is it normal? My 3 yr old daughter has a small flap of skin on her anus Anal growths...have had for years, need help I have itchy bumps on skin and itchy eyes in the summer. What could this be? think dermatitus on penus. after use very sore on circumcision scar. red, painful, skin sluffs off Spider bite on the ankle has become infected, deep red, hot to the touch. What wound care is recommended? Bruise / skin staining? over 9 months after portacath removal What is a piece of skin outside the anus that is painful Painless lump in armpit Is oily skin an early sign of pregnancy A friend contracted ringworm and I touched his skin but not the infected area. What are the chances of contracting it? Me and girlfriend had intercourse and on foreskin there are a couple tears. Tried antibiotic ointment but didn't help. My skin is breaking out all of a sudden? About 8 weeks ago i had clear looking skin but now i am getting acne. I am a 15 year old girl and I am having a painful swell thing on my right "flap" thing in my pubic area. Knot under skin I had sex about 12 hours ago and I'm noticing a small patch of skin with redness, in blotches, but no pain nor pus Can yellow jackets carry lyme disease or west Nile? icthy rashy skin feels like pins poking you all the time what will stop the itch What is causing my skin to eat through metal? What could be causing an almost hivelike rash to appear on my daughter's skin when she comes in contact with cold liquid I have adult cradle cap, it's on my face and it WONT go away no matter what I do. Im getting depressed. How do I treat? Pain on the shaft of my penis, why is that? what type of insect or spider bite would cause bruising A huge red bump appeared on my chin that pus came out after popped, and the top skin peeled.The peeling is not normal. I just noticed a small hole in my skin right next to my vagina opening. I'm not sexually active. Should I be concerned? Can dehydration cause sagging skin?  Lump on urethra opening and occassional discharge from urethra There are large blistrers on the ankles and behind the knees.  I have a kidney infection. After 3 days of high fever and new antibiotics I have skin rashes. Caused by fever or meds? Due to scar tissue buildup, skin on penis shaft is tearing during sex. Should I see urologist or dermotologist? On 8/11 I hit my coccyx really hard on a rock and it still hurts. Should I be concerned? Why do I have chronic "swimmer's ear" without going swimming? I have a stabbing intense pain on my right side, 4 wks after haveing shingles. It feels like my insides are being pulled I have a small, soft "lump" on the inside of my cheek.. close to molars and same color as my skin. Should I worry? My 3month old has little cradle cap on her forehead but I notice that its discoloring her skin when some flakes fall off easy ways for a male to get his" foreskin back" scab like skin by head of penis How long does it take for scabies bugs to die under your skin after taken stromecol I got stuck by a rose thorn, and part of it is still inside. There is a yellow space around it now, and it hurts. is it normal to discharge a piece of look a like a pice of meat after a heavy bleed? Hello, there is a small white bulge under my foreskin where it connects to the penile shaft. Should I be worried? i want to know average size of penis i feel i have problem inside my penis its look pale incolor at bottom of the skin.. can the two step TB skin testing cause numbness in your feet. Facial Hair Can this turn up in well water, and because we can't drink our water, can it be apsorbed through the skin? Foreskin won't retract raised area of skin on labia before period Weird bruises that start to bleed If I exercise and change my diet, will my excess skin diminish or will I have to have it surgically removed? Why does my sweat have a musky ammonia scent? will desonide work on a yeast infection on the skin How to treat a burst sebaceous cyst? can you get HIV from a broke condom? How are wires on a tens unit secured to the skin? My skin is senitive to adheasive and latex. Back tens unit. Pea size lump inside head of penis i had my penis in a sex sheath most of the day today. now i have puffy parts that aren't normally puffy. what is it? Please help my upper lips seems to have 2 different color Can Sugar be absorbed through the skin? Soreness on vulva area. What could it be? It is between my vagina lip and bikini line area. My penis skin is dry and keeps peeling. I don't want to go to a doctor, but I am nervous I have an std. what to do? Isn't there a rash some pregnant women get? What is a hollow pore on my frenulum? If I stretch my foreskin I can see the center of it looks like a needle poked it is dry skin common during pregnancy? what can I use to relief skin rash when taking oxycodone? A round rubbery nodule right under my skin? i have a large bump under skin in my wrist ,it dont have any pain or tenderness what can it be My bellend is sore whenever i pull back my foreskin and start to masturbate... weird pain, discharge and bleeding does weight loss make your skin itch does weight loss make your skin itch My penis head has been very very dry. I've tried everything. Help? Hi,I have acne problem on my back.it leaves black scars in the last 3 years.acne problem is spreading to my shoulders. When I was younger I punched a brick wall. I'm 24 and I have wrist pain when donig push ups. Is it related? Laundry list of symptoms and only 19. Raynaud's Phenomenon I cut skin between thumb and forefinger should I get stitches A piece of the skin on the tip of my nipple has turned brown. Could this be cancer? small pea-like bump on inside of libia minora, what can this be?  Itchy dry foreskin on circumcised male. Circumcised and foreskin is very itchy Why does the cuticle lift of the nail bed on a couple of my fingers? I am taking 7.5-325 of hydrocodone/acetaminophen does this cause crawly skin can anyone help also can i ge just hydrocod Weird small blister looking thing on my penis. What is it? Painful lump in the armpit under the skin. I squeezed it and pus came out then 2 small black ball like things came out. What could happen if I leave rubbing alcohol on my finger? Can Perimenopause completely Zero out a woman's libido? If so, what treatment should be sought for such? does doxepin help with skin rash what is leaparcy and the cause? Hi have small spots on face around nose and forehead area. They are really small. How do I get rid of it? Hi have small spots on face around nose and forehead area. They are really small. How do I get rid of it? skin color change My 2yr old son has swollen foreskin on his penis. Dark yellow pee. Back and stomach ache What could the clump of dead skin in my stool mean? painful small Bump in the Pubic area Does my son have Phimosis? He is 13 and his foreskin is attacked to the head I have pain, severe itching,dry skin,drainage, tenderness in my left nipple, going into the brown area around it. What could cause year round severely chapped lips and fungal skin infections?  Super B Complex and multivitamin is there a risk of too much B vitamin? skin connected on penis head connected to a centimeter below the head Hard bump on nipple. can rupturing a cyst under the skin cause cancer should I be circumcised after robotic prostate surgery? Can blu light prevent future skin cancers  Fort the last two month I have been devloping bumps on my arms almost look like a insect bite then the itch and hurt  antibiotics safe to take for cysts during pregnancy My husband has a discolored hard spot on his lower right back. It has increased in size and painless. What could it be? lump near hemmoroid but near vaginal area I have rocks and dirt in my knee. It's starting to affect my life. What can be done about it? My fiancee is really cold natured but her body radiates a bunch of heat. Sometimes it's not that bad, but other times...  I have skin allergy for the past 15 years, itching all over the body. I have darkened my face, arms, and legs after years of sports, without sun protection. How do I/could I bleach my skin? small lump under the skin of perineum did obgyn diliberately deform my body? I had a c-section dec 14, 2012.afterwards the area above my vagina was enormous.. I'm having a skin problem on my chest and back from a long time.  Can a Yeast infection cause a bright Redness from groin past rectum? what vitamins do i take when having thyroid and menopause hives as a side effect of minocycline? Thinking of using accutane for my dark spots and underskin small pimples. what do you think? Does hives on skin indicate vitamin d deficiency? can a blocked utera cause backup in the kidney of toxins and create skin rash and bumps under eye socket darkness of skin. can a fungal skin infection cause meningitis? I am 29 yr female. And I have very oily skin especially on my nose and forehead. What is the best treatment or product? does herpes virus cause itchy skin? I have a circular skin rash that appeared a month or 2 ago. are skin warts a vitamin deficiency? What do I do if I have a small breakage of skin near the veginal opening Does cuts or bruises on the virgina cause headaches nd back pains I have yeast fungus in my skin, scalp, mouth, ears, nails. What is the medicine to help? Give you younger looking and vibrant glowing skin? my penis retracts inside my foreskin I am a 25 year old female with extremely dry skin and nothing helps! I have a large golf ball size lump under the skin on my clitoris and it has misshaped my clitoris. What could this be. Caring for dry penis skin.... Will a fingernail grow back faster if the old nail is completely removed? Need help Which Doctor do you go to for an irritation of your foreskin, a urologist or a dermatologist? Can Hot or Warm Water open skin pores and cold water closes skin pores? I would really like to know if this is a myth. Does cold water close skin pores and warm or hot water open skin pores? I have sensitive skin and can't find a sun block that won't break out in a rash. Anyone have suggestions? how to treat severe itching on dogs skin? I don't think this is staph, impetigo, or dermatitis? my son is 18 yrs old and he bit the tip of his tongue and there is a slight deep cut and skin is still intacted What is this rash on my penis? Will taking melatonin darken your skin? My 60 year old husband touches me at night andit stings my body. his side of the bed turns an orangy color over time, Yesterday I had a swollen spot on my labia that I squeezed. Pus came out and now there is a hole. What could that be? I'm on isotretinoin.I was at fault that I use tetracycline ointment 1% on my lip.It happened just 1 time. Is it serious? Red, blotchy uneven skin tone and a face full of backheads. My skin has been this way for years and is very dry. Deep tissue massage creates large hive like skin irratations that itch and cause fatigue and joint pain i have fordyce spots on my genitals and started using trentinoin cream, does this cause peeling? My partner had sex with someone with herpes they had no skin to skin contact but used a strap on could she have it. ? Lost of sensation on skin after peeling plaster. My 22 year old daughter: No period in 5 months; skin rashes on chest and back; staph infections MRSA; weight loss is there a vitamin for clear skin? extra skin around vagina hole my husband and I had sex to soon after his circumcision,, will he still heal? why my left elbow is so painful can people with keratosis pilaris get tattoos? Identify this: Blister like in appearance, solid core, white bump on skin, no redness, no pain guest in my home has scabies, Do I have house sterilized? Or, will a good cleaning do it? We haven't had skin contact. What is going on with my gums? I have a small bruise on my lower leg, above the ankle, warm to touch and is swollen only where bruise is. how can i find out long term health issues when a person has had been exposed to diesel fuel thru the skin repeatedly big toe has red burning skin around top of nail I have a mole that has turned darker, and is surrounded by dry skin. I picked at it now it has a scab, should i worry? Red dots and splotches are all over my hands, knuckles, fingers and arms. Help please? Photos included. I have a lil lumb over my anus? i have a red smooth patch of skin on the underside of my penis I been tearing on the outside of my vaginal area durring sex. what Can I do to stop this? What prevention pill is good for your skin when i am lightly touched i feel skin discomfort, and a sort of burning pain. Should I go 2 emergency room? 10lbs frozen meat fell out of freezer on greater toe. My sister, a smoker is having pinching pain in the right armpit that moves from spot to spot on the underside of her arm Why my skin stings when am running Swollen elbow due to fall. I have two really small, red zit like bumps on my penis. One on the head, the other on the foreskin. What is it? I have a couple bumps on the skin of my penis. They are almost the same color as my skin. What could it be? have been working with fiberglassinsultion. Have some imbedded in my skin. how do i get rid of it? Should a skin abraison from a fall be covered or left open, should an ointment be applied ?  How do you know what the best exercise routine is? Is there anything that can aid in gaining back lost skin pigmentation? painful time urinating ,light blood came from vag.4th time peed,chunky discharge from vag. 2 bumps on labia majora? How to get rid of foreskin odor small piece of dry skin falls off my scrotum and then there is a sore place it occurs in the same place every few months can a child's skin color change due to over eating citris fruits? Red/pink dots and splotches on skin. Mostly hands, knuckles, fingers and arms. Photos included Found a small bump on the shaft of penis near glans. After touching a wet tissue to it, it fell off. what could it be? My son has had some warts frozen off at the doctor's office the skin under the wart has the blister can I pop this? Why do I get a large purple sore on my penis after taking anitibiotics? Is a tan a negative or good thing? Dry penis skin after a fungal infection - how to treat it??? Can you have a herpes outbreak and yest inction at the same time? where do the white skin tags come from that are in and around the vagina? Sun Exposure problem, whats causing it? Peasize lump under skin right near tragus very painful and tender what is it? Why does my skin burn when I sweat? What are these spots on my skin? Suggest any medicament or excercise for curing Phimosis. Any diet for such. I regularly do gym and drink 3 litrs water. I have a draining cyst, since it began to drain other cysts have appeared deep under the skin. l. Should I see a doctor? I have recently been finding red ring marks on my body and was wondering what it may be? Hi. I am 25 y.o. I have a painless swelling under my penis head. Please follow links below for images. Can you contract ringworm on your skin from scalp ringworm? what type of cancer do u have wen your skin bumps up all over your body?  Casual open wounds on hands contact with HIV guy, risk of HIV infection? Skin Problem What is this on my penis? why does it feel like little bugs land on me but are not? Small bump in groin area? lymph node, fatty deposit, cyst? please look small bump in skin fold? Stomach pain and rumbling behind belly button, cramping and spasms! What's going on here? Sore penis after masturbation - what helps? Daily and severe motion sickness Herpes cold sore or angular chelitis? How often should you shower? i am african american, some of my skins is turning white like michael jackson what is the name of this condition  White stuff under foreskin exercises to tighten loose skin after 60 years old. Is it possible to get heat rash when moving from one state to another How to fix severely dry skin? How do I know if the piercing in my nose is rejecting?  What is it?  i am a 13 year old boy. i am having skin irritation followed by skin rashes if i start to itch it. so please help! Can mosquito bites give high fever and hives? I have two 12 year old indoor cats, who have dry skin, what should I feed them to help? Dry food versus wet food? My skin has been itchy and i have a rash on my arms and legs whenever i scartch it , it turns into a big bump is it normal to have freely moving testicle? is it a defect or what? can he still produce good sperm?? Whenever i take a hot shower or bath, when i rub my skin white/grey stuff comes off, i can do that for 30 mins everyday So I have this problem with my hands. As far as I can tell it is Carpal Tunnel. Here are the symptoms... Is there anything I can do during the process of losing weight that will reduce the potential of sagging skin? What causes itchy skin in the creases of your legs near your private parts?  Head of penis and skin directly under red and swollen What is this on my butt? I eat burnt (charred) sweet potatoes, cooked by fire. Is there any danger in eating this? Can roach bites cause a skin infection I pulled a tick out of my skin, but the head remained. I have redness in that area. Do I need to get the head out ? My big toe nail is dark and has separated from the skin at the tip but the rest of the nail appears healthy.  Sore penile skin after yeast infection treatment with flucanazole I woke up one morning to a tick on my right hand palm. Now I have a red spot that doesn't itch. if its a 8 yr old that has accessive sweaty skin has multiple blisters on foot is tx 2 lance and stay off foot? After shower. Itchy skin leads to anxiety and panic. Usually fear of contact of sight of dirt and food crumbs and stains I've had a bruise for at least two months and it still hasn't healed. Could it be skin cancer? Since i was 12, i've been contact sensitive to water. The pain is immense and i never got it checked out. Should i? On my left side just below my ribs I have a red spot and its painfull Red and Swollen Tip of Penis should i have circumcised? Can genital molluscum contagiosum occur unilaterally on the glans penis? Red, shiny penile skin after cortisone use Red, shiny penile skin after cortisone use i have what my husband said is a mole on my back it is gray in color and covered wit a hard dry skin I have small, skin-colored bumps that appear on my back. They aren't rough but very smooth and do not cause pain. what type of arthritis affects the skin Can I give my dog both benadryl and aspirin at the same time? 50yr old female. Dry skin, flaky, now rough getting red with red bumps on it. Is this normal? Irregular skin patch in the penis shaft. Rash on penis, elbow, belly button, and anus Fix for dry penis skin Is it possible to have scabies on the vagina lips?  what does it mean when a 19 year old boy cant feel pleasure or have wet dreams? I found a small bump about an inch from my vagina, it does not hurt but started to bleed, no puss visible. What is wrong had a small hard bump on penis that now grew into what looks like a very oily pimple. what is it. can cats cause psoriasis HPV transmission to facial or hand skin Circumcision for smelly foreskin a good idea? Tiny spots around inner nipple A patient present with severe jaundice associated wih skin itching,what is most likely diagnosis and cause of it? What could cause lumps in your body, under the skin? can semen pass herpes on the skin surface? acne scars on butt. is bleaching safe? can warts occur on the outside of foreskin Ive been looking through all these different skin diseases and ive come to the conclusion that i may have Human Cowpox.  Why won't my skin tan? i am 23...i have skin attachedn to my glans yet.....i am worried...shoud i consult doctor immediately? small blood vessels keep breaking in my hands, why.  Again about the little growth on the outside of my foreskin Not circumsized and skin has tightened around head of penis and can no longer pull it back comfortably what should I do Healthy 71 yr old male - skin on both arms bleeds easily. When to see a doctor - How urgent is abnormal vaginal discharge? sore on testicle turned into a soft patch of skin after scabing over what could it be i have a bit of pain can fungal infection spread to the penis?? How can one know when it is time to have a stitch removed? What should the skin around the area look like? What is skin to skin contact herpes called and is it treatable and is herpes on hands very noticeable? I cant pull my foreskin back I pulled my foreskin back for the first time while masturbating, my dick shrank and wont erect. foreskin looks too long I have a tiny skin tear inside my penis meatus. Will it heal on its own especially it's almost constantly wet/damp? My penis is losing sensitivity. how do i know if i am pregenant the skin on the underside of my penis is moist and flaking and when i shower i must have open wounds because it stings. Why can't skin grafts be used to reduce nose bleeds caused by capillaries too close to the surface of nasal passages? How do I cure tight foreskin? lump on labia beside clitoris and a little bit higher then the clitoris Vaginal Opening- tissue growing back together Everytime I shave I get painful sores Help for irritated penile skin is it normal for my 3yr old son to hate when i try and wash his uncircumcised penis? is it normal for my 3yr old son to hate getting his uncicumcised penis cleaned? What causes a creeping flesh sensation,especially on face and scalp? does fibromyalgia cause sensitive skin can I get athletes foot on my fingers Why am I suddenly oily and breaking out? before i was urinating and sperm coming from tip of penis.Now it seems it is coming out of the side. Please help  while masturbating is it ok if i rub my foreskin up and down instead of making a hole with my hands? i find it easier  do we humans have hair glands i popped a ciste i thought and hrs latter my skin was seeping tiny black things  my skin is getting darker in the area between my eyes, ears and temples on both sides of my face. anyone knows why? Hi I am a 28 year old female. I have had a pea sized lump near anus have had as long as can remember. Painless unchanged what causes hives all over, when nothing new has changed? My penis skin has always been sensitive. Even w/ infrequent masturbation (3/week) and lube it is always raw. Not an STD I used pea protein for 8 days-turns out im allergic. Ive since stopped taking it. How long until it is out of my system? i have a part of my head of the penis itchy and when i scratch it swells Condoms make my penis itchy-what can I do? Feeling hot frequently but no fever, no body ache or any other symptoms bump next to clitoris after sex Why am I chronically dehydrated even when I drink 3-4L of water every day? Lump with small bumps on foreskin My doctor prescribed bacitracin ointment for a skin infection. But the Rx is for an opthalmic ointment. Should I use it? Discolored penis skin what if i cut a ringworm out of my skin I'vebeen dx'd with hypothroidism and am taking Levothroxine for approx 3yrs, but my symtoms remain the same. Can medication cause problems with the penis? Can a vaginal yeast infection, that has been recurring for 6months ,cause you skin to itch  Help - wrinkled penis skin! I am 37 and my vagnial skin seems to tear very easy and I am very dry as of lately. What could cause this? Can erythromycin opthamolic ointment be taken with Cipro oral Tablets? How do i get rid of Fordyce spots on inner foreskin at home Is genital herpes spread through bodily fluids or just skin-to-skin contact? How to care for tear on female genitals I have a purplish skin colored spot on my penis i noticed the day of having unprotected sex, what could it be? How could I remove a fingertip stained by a bronzing gel? (I've been trying for weeks) I've tried nearly everything! I get boils/absesses in my pubic area but they only happen at certain times of the year like fall/winter.  I went for a skin allergy test and had zero reaction to the allergens until 5 hours later when my back broke out The skin below my left buttock is sensitive and also accompanied with some acne-like bumps. Any suggestions? Having ringworms for a year now, appears near sweatin region ear,groin and butox region. Used onabet,fourderm,candid b im taking 3 different supplements everyday is that ok? can cocoa butter on skin raise cholesterol I have a skin bridge on my uncircumcised penis, what can doctors do to fix this? My Foreskin attached around glans before corona? 