I have tried self-tanners, but they streak and leave dark splotches on my skin. Some of them also smell funny. Help! Why does my urine smell? I don't eat meat that often, but my skin smells terrible. What can I do? I have red patchs under my armpits they seem to be growing out of my armpits also. 2 mo pregnant, took mattress out of storage, stored with quads now has strong smell of Gas fumes is it safe to sleep on? why does sweat smell sour My bf says I have a strong horny ordor that doesn't smell pleasant, what could this be could it be because I had a kid Vaginal redness and irritation without discharge I smell like the morning after drinking alcohol however I don't drink. What could be the cause? burping, smells and tastes like rotton eggs, causes? could my 5 yo son have gall bladdr problems? Fecal odor even right after showering. Burning, itching, yellow discharge from vagina. Is it a yeast infection?  Groin odor and itchiness vaginal smell even though i already used monistat What could be the cause(s) of very bad hygene habits?  i was taking antibotics then i started to itch inmy virgnia area and when i pee it burns and when i wipe stings Wierd smells.... Husband legally smokes marijuana daily for anxiety disorder and I'm pregnant For the last two days I keep smelling bleach everywhere at odd times, Is this a sympton I should be concerned about? what could be the cause of light bright red bleeding post period with a foul smell and lower abdominal pain. I haven't been able to smell anything or taste for a while now, what can be the cause for this? I get this "smell" ever so often when i breathe.  do anti psychotic pills work for anxiety I wanted to know if these symptoms could be something serious? why do black people have a different smell?  I had surgery last week im wondering if im able to take of the abdominalbinder to wash it because it smells? WHEN BURPING-SMELLS LIKE ROTTEN EGGS-WHATS THE CAUSE?? Is itching, leaking, and smell in the vaginal area a sexual disease? How can it be cured? I have a yellow discharge...no sex for a month..no smell or irritation just gotta keep pantyliners on...not sure?? I have had a strange itch on my clitoris for a few weeks now. What may be causing this? My period is very heavy. I've lost 80% of my sense of smell and my bladder suddenly emptied without needing to urinate. I eat 2 bars of Coast soap weekly. I put PineSol on a sponge and smell of it daily. Why am i doing this? Is it harmful? Strong smells like candles, perfume and lotions, Can they give people headaces? Can dogs really"smell" diseases? Our beagle and dachsund have been clingy towards me for the past couple months. I have sinusitis and have complete loss of taste and smell. Already on antibiotic meds. What can I do? i am 43, for a few months now i'm sweating alot in buttox area, even after shower, hours later it's like terrible smells I talk to myself ALOT. Whats wrong with me? what to take to prevent gas lot of fluid come out of my vaginal area that smelled like old urine after I had an orgasam... what can i do about vagina odor? I smell things that no one else smells and usally about 1-2 hours after going to sleep. Help am i crazy? what causes a odor under a womans breast? It smells like feet. I have tried everything. is tabacco residue on clothing harmful to infants Smelled blood a few days ago and now have constant migrains, feel nausiated and upset stomach. I'm a male. Any ideahs? what causes fowl smelling and tasteing mucas draining into stomach and subsequent nausia and vomiting? Why does my urine smell like baby powder? I have had diarrhea for 4 days straight and egg smelling burps what can I do to make it stop? I have a hard moderately painful long spot near my clitoris. NO discharge, smell or puss, what could it be? vaginal odor for the past 4 months Confusions about the"Vagina"!!! what to do if nose had lost smelling sensation can i be pregnant? Cysts last 3 months i have having were i cannot move talk and smell amonia and my hand is numb im like coma but awake Accidentally might have gotten traces of fecal matter in nose What kind of Cancer might cause my urine to have a terrible smell several times a day ? i think i have a stomach virus? i havent been able to eat for days, and it's been causing headache and i am always tired what does it mean when you throw up and the taste and smell like your bowel movement Clear pap yet my discharge smells different- almost sour- why? Been like this for months 17 mo old smells like syrup all the time, and she doesn't eat it. Staying clean and healthy 3 year olds nose has a bad smell coming fron it What is the foul smell I am getting right before my cycle and after my cycle has ended?  strong smelling urine Isn't there a rash some pregnant women get? my firends butt always smells bad even after he takes a shower what could it be or what can he do to help with the smell Pregnant or Not? All symptoms are present, no period, negative test. Stopped taking pills last month. Whats the deal? What can happen if bacterial vaginosis is left untreated? Sometimes my urine smells like charcoal, is there a problem? am i pregnant on the mirena why does my urine have a meat smell? Why do I feel a burning sensation in my mouth when I have oral sex with my girlfriend?  Yeast Infection or Bladder Infection? why dose my dog's pee have a strong ammoua smell to it? why dose my dog's pee have a strong ammoua smell to it? Average time it takes a person to regain smell and taste after a sinus infection? I recently have a heightened sense of smell, I have heard menopause can increase sensitivity, is this true? What causes blood in my stool, severe cramps, and vomiting? Can the smell of cigarette smoke (from about 50 feet away) cause long term effects?  Why do I get an erection easily as an adult. I am 45 and have been married for 19 years. Urine and sweat smell bad I'm having a fishy smell after sex and I'm not wet during sex since using mirena. Can that be from the mirena? for some reason when i get hot i smell like ass and sweet from the groin. hasent alway happed. how long can I give a baby asprin to my dog for a fever White Vaginal Discharge with odor but, no infection? what does a change in the smell of underarm body odor mean What can cause your urine to smell like - for a lack of better way to explain it - bad toilet water? is the smell of cigarette smoke considered to be secondhand smoke my burps smell like rotten eggs accompanied by diarrhea and occasional vomiting! Could kidney disease change the odor smell of urine? Why am I still having a bloody discharge and now it has a very foul smell to it? It's been 3 weeks since my D and C Why does my cat smell my breath? is your house making you sick my husband says my vaginal area smells like a wet diaper! why? I'm 55, overweight,postmenopausal,no bladder issues. Can you get sick if you just keep using cough drops for the hell of it as if a person is addicted to it! or has a probem Why does my vagina smell?  why does my sweat smell like buttered popcorn i have a tiny blood lump at the end of my spine where the butt crack is. soft, red, pulsing. smells like poo what is it? Expected BM of 3 month breastfed baby What causes acidy mouth, tonsil stones, bad breath, foul smelling sweat and hair grease? I have an itch in my vagina with no discharge, burning, or smell. It does not match any symptoms I see listed.  Hi, I am 18 years old and a virgin, when I masturbate sometimes urine gets inside my vagina. Is this dangerous? i had a piece of chocolate cake, and my husband asked me why does my breast smells like chocolate? why would my hair have a chemical smell almost like a sulfer smell? my daughter is 5, literally everyday she either pees her pants or doesn't wipe after pooping or peeing, help! I've had two preg ending in mc. I feel like I might be pregnant. I have had increased sense of smell and been moody am I Can having herpes cause reucrring BV?..Does Smelly odor from BV connect with genital herpes I was smelling a 100% polyester backpack to see if it needed to be washed.I got a headache, Can this cause brain damage? i have lots of moles under my breasts should I have them removed ? why does my urine smell like strong ammonia  how did my 1 year old get scabbies? he is not in day care how to get rid of vaginal oders that smell like onions Had iud removed from arm now were stitches are swelling nasty smelling stuff comes out and a lot of pain and bruising Vaginal burning with no discharge or smell What causes me to have foul smelling burps? what causes foul breath smell during flu excessive brown pus and blood from belly button along with a large lump inside belly button. extremely painful what could happen when you will a month of birthconrol pills ? 7yr old daughter, problems urinating, strong ammonia smell when i ejaculate what feeling does pumping feel like Can I wear some type of mask to prevent me from inhaling second-hand smoke while I am pregnant? Why would bowel movements smell like moth balls? Why does my urine smell so bad? Why does my pee smell like rotton eggs How to get rid of foreskin odor If no discharge or smell, but slight itching and just uncomfortable feeling in the vaginal area, with slight bleedinng? Why do I smell smoke and there is no smoke  I could smell pot being smoked from another room will It show up in a hair test Vaginal discharge in 52 yr. old hysterectomy 20 yrs. ago can shampoo be used to write a way to get rid of the funky smell from doing a lice treatment? is bad smell come from mouth is related to constipation? Can taking Biotin cause yeast infections? Thanks a lot NOHARD for your answer! do you think her mucus/PH has something to do with the bad smell inside her?!! I get vaginal discharge regularly and I taste off putting, though I keep clean. Is there something that could be wrong? bad smelling discharge. Urine very bad smelling and dark. Headaches,no balance, sleeping alot/tired, no energy Why aren't the iron suppliments working for my animea? Urine looks the same but smells different? Std? When I consume sugar based drinks my urine smell. Is this based off of my diet/ should I seek medical help immediately?  My neighbor smokes marajuana,and we can smell it strong in our attached condo. Can this affect us and our children? My moms dog smells really bad,it get into our clothing. She throws up and keeps her tail between her legs. is she dying I had a boil many years ago, on my face. There is still a place there that will often leak white, bad smelling stuff. 2 small bulge in vagina,frequent pus discharge from vagina usually after urination,pus has foul smell.What could it be? Over the course of the day, my vagina oder gets really foul. Also my stools stink really bad. what is it? I am 59 and my sense of smell is declining. Is there a nutritional way to improve it? Can I be pregnant? what causes hair to smell bad and change color My foot smells pain and bleeding after intercorse and discharge is worse now ive had it for 10 years now is vaginal discharge increases with temperature? took metronidazole missed the last 1 for fishy discharge but a week after smelly discharge is bak why? My son he is 2years and 4months old he is suffering from loose bowel movements, vomitings and gas with bad smell.  How to treat bad acid reflux? Why do my toddler's bowel movements smell like ammonia? Circumcision for smelly foreskin a good idea? I had a fishy smell and discharge. Had a pap done and was ok. can trich or vaginosis be detected? nurse said it could. What would make my son appear to start wetting the bed, but it doesn't smell like urine it has a very sweet smell. should my baby's breath smell sweet? Can you smell your partners semen inside your vagina 2 days after sex? All day my urine smells like a dirty diaper After having sex with my wife, my privite smelled like a condom which we haven't used for a few months. Why? i was recently on high dose steroids via iv. my sense of smell seems super human now. could it be from the steroids? Why is there urine in my semen and what should I do about it? My 13 year old daughter has red sores on her vagina. There is no discharge or smell, just painful and itching.  What does an excessive amount of vaginal discharge mean? Can a person have a severe allergic reaction to the smell of fish being cooked without any contact? This has been happening daily, I have a clear gel like discharge from my vagina. No smell, no pain.  Could I Still be pregnant? what are the chances? I'm can't pee while standing unless I force it?  Can't smell or taste. Had meningitis as 13 day old baby, think it may be why. Always had social issues. Can I improve? Itchy vaginia slight smell pain when urinating like a uti I have sharp pain in my upper to mid right side of my back. what could it be? Occasionally, I have a 'condition' where I smell something similar to what diesel smells like every time I breathe.  how come when I do cocaine smoke smell bothers me 5 days ago drank coffee then gush of watery fluid. Yesterday, positive pregnancy test. Could it be a chemical pregnancy? what to do if an adult hates milk smell and taste and can't drink it? How to cure bad penis smell? How can I stop bad penis smell? Vaginal Yeast Infection Can having shingles make my pee smell bad? 