Can I smoke while taking Zyban? Why should someone quit smoking? What steps can I take to help me quit smoking for good? What should I do if I need more help to quit smoking? How does long-term smoking impact oral health? Does smoking trigger seizures? How can I help my stepson who has been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and is smoking and drinking? Is it safe to take Estroven and a multivitamin if I smoke?  I'm 18 and struggling with maintaining an erection. Could alcohol and smoking cause that? I started using the patch to quit smoking. Ive developed an itchy, red warm area on my skin. Did the patch cause this? How does smoking affect my skin?  I am trying to quit smoking but have been unable to do it on my own. Can I take Chantix if I am taking Lamictal?  What are electronic cigarettes, and are they safe to aid in quitting smoking?  I need to quit smoking 30 days prior to upcoming surgery. Could Chantix interfere with my surgery?  Does smoking effect your pulse? I have blisters on the inside of my lips and on my tongue. What kind of doctor should i see? Does marijuana (cannabis) smoking hurt your immune system?? HELP My husband has schizophrenia controled with appropriate medication. Why might he be sleeping 18 hours a day this month?  Everytime I make out with this guy I get a sore throat the next day. what causes blocked arteries? my mom has had stints put in but they still keep getting blocked. how long does thc stay in your fat cells What treatment is suggested for non-dysplasia barrett esophagus so that cancer does not develop? 8mm dense nodule picked up on routine chest xray..% risk that is cancerous? wish to relapse into smoking marijuana after becoming diagnosed with psychosis from. what are all potential repucussions Serious question about a nicotine overdose. What can my chest pain possibly be? How harmful is smoking 1-3 cigarettes a day (less than a pack a week) compared to smoking more than 10 cigarettes a day? Laryngitis 3 weeks. 2 rounds antibio. and steroids no help Why? Lost 50lbs since 4/12 injured my back and had surgery in 9/12 and probably again in 12/12. How do I keep the weight off? I may begin BP medication in the near future. What are the different classes of BP meds and the pros/cons of each.  why don't I get sick? How to raise HDL is there a reaction between smoking cannibis and taking vicoden? help on getting pregnant As an asthmatic taking the bus a lot, I'm around 2nd hand smoke so much that my asthma is worsening. Mask recommendation WHY DOES MY SPIT HAVE BROWN SPOTS Husband legally smokes marijuana daily for anxiety disorder and I'm pregnant 5th and 6th day smoking after wisdom teeth? concerned, how to tell if clot is dislodged.  Sepsis, Do I have to stop smoking weed and taking ecstasy? My husband only coughs and spits mucus during the smoking period .Is it the beginning of COPD?OR is he having from long. i was walking through my apt hallway and walked past someone smoking marijuana will i have it in my system?  How can I get my husband to quit smoking now that I am pregnant? Can cigarettes smoke stain clothing and/or skin with chemicals or toxins harmful to a newborn baby? do i have acid reflux disease? can i smoke a cigar while recovering from walking pneumonia? i am 22 years old and my penis is not as hard and erected as it was before, what can i do to fix this? Emphysema, heart rate of 97 and fluctating blood preassure. is she in immediate danger? can smoking reduce a womans chance of conceving? Why would my 17 year old daughter have a feeling like she is breathing in cigarette smoke? Is using a mouse causing muscle knots and now numbness and tingling in my right arm specifically around bicep? What causes a sudden onset of vertigo while lying down or turning while lying down? I was told quiting smoking "Cold turkey" can put my baby into shock is this true?  I have a cough and I'm alsmost positve its broncitus, because I get it quiet a bit. Recently I experienced swelling. quit smoking 8 days ago. relapsed today.. smoking a half of a cigarette. Will I go through physical withdrawal again? Will using e-cigarettes help my lungs heal from cigarette smoking? would Marijuana smoking cancell the efect of hypothyroid medication ? How bad is smoking herbs, such as Mugwort and Damiana? does daily hookah smoking at 16-18 stunt my growth?height? maybe the reason is my moms' death for my shortness? I HAVE CAD WITH 3 STENT IMPLANTS, IS IT SAFE TO SMOKE THE E CIGS WITH THE NON-NICOTINE FLAVORS I had a cpk test run and the labs came back at 6487 what symptoms are present and what does this mean how can i stop smoking when already i'm addicted to it..??? Is it safe for pregnant women to quite somking? I quit smoking now even though I am eating healthy I keep gaining weight, what do I do? what kind of otc cold and flu medicine can cause a positive test for thc? Excessive foul smelling gas with bloating and chest pain. 3 weeks! Diet unchanged.Stools normal. What is causing this? Will Myrrh cause a false positive for a drug test? I've tried patches and lozenges but was unable to quit smoking. I smoke a pack a day. Any ideas? I ate yesterday for lunch and all day after I had bad stomach pain in my upper abdomen. I couldn't sleep because it hurt quit smoking 8 days ago how long before the nicotine is out of my system. HOW DOES SMOKING INCREASE THE RISK OF PANCREATITIS? I am 24 and married but feel as if my sex drive is dwindling. Any reasons as to why? a fever from 100 to 102.9 that ibuphen won't keep down below 100. The fever has been for 5 days. how dangerous is this Why does smoking hookah sometimes cause a sore throat? I started Chantix a week ago and I'm expirencing some horrible side effects. My doctor isn't really helping.... do people who smoke meth have parasites worms present in their bodies If so how do you get rid of them? Is there any way cannibas can show up in a urinalysis other than ingestion? does smoking meth prevent antibiotics from working why do I still get morning coughs a year after quitting smoking I have a urine test that tests for nicotine soon.I smoke a cigar a month,I last smoked on Feb 9.Should I pass the test? what week in pregnancy will a test be positive i recently stopped smoking. Since then i am having a hard time breathing. i lay down and can't breathe. Any ideas? can marijuana show up in a test after not smoking for 90 days After a person quits smoking is it normal to cough up a lot of material. My husband has shortness of breath. the doctor said he has the lungs of a 78 years person. what does it mean?? is tabacco residue on clothing harmful to infants how to stop sole love addaction? No period in 12 years ? can you smoke bath salts Is there a solution for the inability to maintain an erection and delayed ejaculation? I'm 28 weeks pregnant and I smoked weed how do I clean my system out before baby is due in due Aug. 23.. is their a conflict of smoking marijuana while on bactrim ds? if you never smoked or injected cocaine how does it show positive in your system when taking a test. Smoked a blunt about 5 weeks ago. Haven't smoked for 6 months before that. How did I fail urine test? Can I smoke e cigarettes while pregnant? Will THC show in regular urine screening? Will THC show in a urine screening where they are checking for bacteria? can smoking cause asthma? I have had a bad cough for two weeks and im coughing up clear phlegm and it hurts to cough.  what is therisk of COPD or lung cancer for an former-smoker who is/was asthmatic? having painful pulsing in my forearms. I smoke pot for it but want to quit. what causes this, what else helps? My husband smokes marijuana but I do not. Is it possible for me to fail a drug test due to daily exposure to his semen? i quit smoking for 2 days, got back into it and now left sie of throat hurts help is stress worse then smoking during pregnancy? if alka-seltzer helps me does that mean I'm not having a heart attack? what is the effect of smoking insexual intercourse? How does nicotine affect your body while on birth control? is smoking hookah( ice drops gel) ok to smoke during pregnancy since it does not contain any tabacco or nicotine? My husband is having trouble getting and keeping and erection.  when can i start smoking again after wisdom teeth are removed? Is there possibility for me to make a full recovery after i quit from such a history of drug use? how long will it take? im breast feeding, can i smoke marijuana? Is it okay to smoke weed while on atenolol? can my child get hiv this way? will marijuana in system stop surgery can a lack of nicotine cause hallucinations, for someone who has smoked for years? Do surgeons look for marijuana in a urine test during Pre-Admission testing for open hip surgery? Should I tell my anesthesiologist?? What can cause extreme drowsiness related to hunger? When I smoke I get a cramping feeling in my stomach or diaphragm? asthma Can the smell of cigarette smoke (from about 50 feet away) cause long term effects?  Im 16 both of my parents smoke,and anytime i enter a room they have smoked in i get headaches Should i go to the doctor. Last time I smoked was three weeks ago, and I am not a regular user. If I have a urine test in a week will i pass? I have a urine test in a week, the last time I smoked weed was three weeks ago and I am not a regular user. Will i pass? Is eating smoked turkey parts bad for someone with high blood pressure or diabetes? how many cigarettes can safely be smoked a day? is the smell of cigarette smoke considered to be secondhand smoke is chronic sinistitis due to smoking cigarettes contagious ? Is it safe to smoke hookah gel around my child Why does the Dr. tell the patient to not smoke for a week after tooth extraction? why do I hiccup when smoking Why do i get migraines after smoking weed? I never caught migraine sober. I need help seriously. U can call me please. Do TV/Videogames make your eyes ache? What to do for clogged ears? how to treat a temperture of 105 degrees thc drugtest overweight Is smoking hookah once bad for you? what effects does meth have on children when the parents smoke it around them im the grand father  50yrs old had a stroke, recovered from it, quit smoking. My stomach has doubled in size and its hard to breathe not fat. Can smoking cigarettes cause dehydration? can asthma be triggered hours later after leaving a smokers house using air cleaners and no direct smoking  Is it safe to use an electronic cigarette when you are pregnant? Does nicotine retard bone healing? I found part of a cigarette/filter in my beverage after consumption. Will this hurt my unborn children? 27 weeks w/ 3. Foreskin Restoration Devices - Are they safe? Will my doctor be able to tell that my tonsilitis is from smoking? Protein causing cancer?  Can marijuana withdrawal cause panic attacks? what should you eat to prevent plaque in the arteries Can I wear some type of mask to prevent me from inhaling second-hand smoke while I am pregnant? will quit smoking stress the baby Will nicotine gum show up on nicotine test for smoking  Is continuing to smoke cigarettes throughout pregnancy safer than simply quitting? Is smoke food (fish,meat) not health for people over 70.Thank's. Edward thyroid blood work came back high  Why do I smell smoke and there is no smoke  I have a severe fear of heights,recently when I stand less than two feet off the ground, I have an anxiety attack Scared of the smallest heights! I could smell pot being smoked from another room will It show up in a hair test What are the effects of one puff from a cigarette? I am 65. For 1.5 yrs have suffered with ED. Am on both HBP, and cholesterol meds, for 20 years. Tried Cialis-no luck. I took a few puffs of a cigarette and have a possible nicotine test in 36 hrs  what would happen If I took one ambien, smoked one bowl of weed, and then took 60 xanex? can you fail a drug test from secondnhand marijuana smoke Does secondhand smoke go through a machine that makes oxygen off room air? Is it dangerous to people with COPD? what is airborne asbestos Does quiting smoking-improve-semen-motility-and-morphality-levels-or-just-prevent-any-further-deterioration How does smoking marijuana on an empty stomach effects you smoked a small amount of meth yesterday at 3pm will i pass a drug test tomorro at 12pm i am not a regular user Doxycycline potential Liver damage What's less damaging: smoking 3 cigarettes per day or picking two days of the week and smoking 10 on each of those days? Grandson has bopolar disorder and diabetic 1 patient. He smokes bud (cocaine? Marijuana?) and drinks excessively. Help My neighbor smokes marajuana,and we can smell it strong in our attached condo. Can this affect us and our children? Vape Ranks Weakness in fingers after smoking mass-manufactured cigarettes How long would it take maijuana to exit the body of some-one who smoked daily for 45+ years? is smoking marijuana before surgery dangerous can quiting smoking cause joint pain can you smoke while using nicoderm patches Is the blood pressure reading of about 130/75, consistently, for a 23 year old overweight female good or bad? i accidently burnt my aluminium pot containing H20 on gas ,i clean it but it has a purple shine. is it safe to use now 25 yrs old woman and I got my peroid at 12;I'm still growing in height and im almost 6 feet? Is marijuana used to treat ashma?  How long does 5 puffs of marijuana last in system for one time smoker  for a 5' 11" 43 year old male 245 pounds, drinking 160 ounces of beer a night be cause for concern?  Besides the obvious just don't smoke, how can I pass a hair drug test and I smoke everyday. I have severe chest pain on the left where my heart should be. The pain is triggered when I eat and excessive smoking My 6 month old grandson's other grandma smokes heavily, her clothes reek. Will this harm the baby when she holds him My 44-yr old boyfriend needs oral stimulation in order to get hard. Is this normal? Does smoking a blunt once have any lasting effects to your lungs I drink everyday and smoke sometimes doctor says heart is fine but chest hurts and shortness of breath what can it be Problems keeping an erection how do smoking affect my sleep? 13 and this summer used marijuana almost every day. Is there any permanent irreversible health affects? I got stitches and a filling over the stitches after tooth extraction. How long do I wait to smoke? How long does thc stay in your body? I smoked Sunday and very little drug test in 10days Does smoking increase the potential of getting breast cancer? Type I'm 47 never had a problem with getting an erection that most of the time was so hard it hurt. now I can't. Why? can smoking cause swollen ankles how come when I do cocaine smoke smell bothers me My LDL is 201. My total cholesterol is 263. My weight is 139, Never smoked. Should I take medication? Am I having heart problems or is it just anxiety? How long before I can smoke after stopping birth control pills? when monitoring blood presure, how many times per day should you check it I have a friend who is having trouble sleeping and he wondered if it was because of the pills he took to quit smoking. Can I start smoking after my surgery(maxofacial) it's been one month, I already smoked two cigars,it there any risk?  Help my husbend cant remimber like he use to. I felt as if I was on drugs without being so 