Can antidepressants cause spotting? What could be causing my irregular periods and spotting? I had a hysterectomy ten years ago and still have my ovaries. Why would I be spotting now? I have been on DepoProvera for 4 months. For the last month, I have been spotting often. What could be happening?  I have always had regular periods. For the past two weeks, I have been spotting when I run every day. Is this normal? Im on birth control but have some brown spotting before my period. Now my period is a week early. Is this normal? Is it safe to have sex if I am spotting between my periods? Have more than one symptom of preeclampsia doctor wont listen and run test what do i do? Brown spotting around time i should be starting my eriod. no pms i am not on birth control  My period stopped after 2 days. lately I am very off balance falling alot. 2 weeks later I am spotting. Pregnant??? I had my tubes tied in 2001. In April, May, June and July I missed my period. Since then light spotting, should I worry? I had a normal period about a week after intercourse, then another a month later, than 2 months later spotting. Problem? Experienced Heavy clotting and Extreme bleeding after Mirena placement.They want to put it in again. Should I? I had unprotected sex and the next day i got my period, can i still get pregnant? Can intercourse cause irregular periods or prolonged period-like pain?  i'm trying for a baby and after just a week after sex i seem too be having what seems like symptoms is this possible Going through perimenopausal symptoms and my periods go from spotting,bleeding,spotting, bleeding, ect; is it normal? my period was 3 days early and lasted 3 days but my test were all negative could i be pregnant i am not supposed to get my period for 2 weeks but when i wipe i habe light pink blood and there is barly anything? My girl n i had protected sex late in the middle of her cycle. Last p was aug 8 or so,could she be pregnant,or missed p? I've been on birth control for a year. Started bleeding two weeks early. Its heavier then normal. Should I be worried? I used to have bad cramps before and during my periods.This time there was no cramp and only 3 days heavy bleeding. Why? Could I be pregnant 8 years after a tubal ligation? Irregular periods, brown spotting, pain in ovaries, nausea, negative pregnancy test. What's wrong with me? Lmp sept 10th should i be worried if they can't see the baby i'm about sixs week pregnant Missed first pill of new pack took 2 next day now a week later have spotting is this normal need to worry about pregnant mirena - should i consult doc? lost my nuva ring 4mos ago during a mos long off and on period and havent had a period since? no bc since. Spotting for 10 days then light to medium bleeding for 3 days am I pregnant? Been on the depo for years with no periods. Now I have a light brown discharge that looks like old blood. Miscarriage? Can you get bleeding heavier than spotting when pregnant around the time of your supposed period? i had some postive and some negative pregnancy test and now am spotting. can i be pregnant im 16 weeks pregnant.. yesterday i started spotting after having sex.its lightened up alot and i think i can still feel  my last period was 10/6 and i had intercosre on 10/20, i started spotting on 11/2 am I pergnant? I started brown spotting instead of my period what could this possibly be? I started spottingbrown watery discharge - close to 8 days after the last day of my periods.  can you have your period while pregnant  Spotting after having intercourse, shortly after a hysterectomy (uterus and cervix removed), is this to be expected? what is the cause of spotting periods? Shouldn't a doctor be seen immmediately if you know or suspect you're miscarrying? really irregular period lasting 12days first was light and past days has been brownish  Do I have a yeast infection or an STD? Period in the middle of my birth control pack- should I take the placebos or start a new pack? Could I be preg. or is it something more serious? What can cause blood spotting after not having a period for 14 yrs? I am experiencing spotting, cramping and frequency in urination, but I feel a jolt of pain when I pee. My period stopped almost 6 years ago, and now I have started spotting. What is wrong with me? My husband and I are trying to have a baby...I was 10 days late for my period...and today I'm spotting. Pregnant? Could I be pregnant if we were naked and we just rubbed and stuff until he came? I am  I'm 46. My periods are usually heavy with bad cramps. This one is light with light cramps, but has lasted 3wks. non-menstral bleeding or pregnancy?? HELP!!!!!!! Period was 4 days late and then I experienced light bleeding just a little bit heaveier than spotting for 1 day. Neg HPT what is spotting? I am about to get my periods,but I see white discharge and discomfort in lower abdomen why do i keep spotting blood for 2 months? can an abnormally light period be a sign of pregnancy? Im on the Depo now and Im spotting alot.Is it possible to take camrese to stop the bleeding.Im due for next shot Feb 19.  im 6 weeks pregnant had stressful arguement, i noticed some brown spotting.i suddenly had mean cramp on my stomach I am 4 days late on my period. Been spotting for 2 days which is not normal for me. Negative HPTs. Could I be pregnant? what if I am spotting can I still take the pregnancy test After stopping my depo shot my first cylce was normal but I skipped one and now am spotting every three days? I have been bleeding for 30 days or more bright red blood with dark clots increasing pain in my abdominal and back . Could I conceive after immediately stopping birth control pills? Had sex on fifth day of my missed period? Had pink spotting after. Is this my period? Have not had any more spotting. spotting before last mentruation.Two weeks before period having increased discharge, swollen tender breasts. pregnant? complete hysterectomy 4 yrs ago. Been or HRT for 6 mo., been spotting and bleeding for 2 weeks . What could cause this? i started my pd very light and after 8 days still light, last 2 months have only lasted 4 days, is this normal? Could I be pregnant? What causes a period to stop for six months or more three years in a row? Could I be pregnant? TTC, Ovulation Confusion I have been spotting for 4wks w/abnormal clots (fiberous looking) and lower abdomen pain. What could be wrong? my mentrual period is so light i have just been spotting. 42 y/o - usually VERY regular periods - 5 days late last month, 12 days late thus far this month - no signs of period On the 13th i took my pill 3 hours late and a week later missed two pervious pills and now im spotting pink, whats wrong why would i be spotting for almost 3 months Can I be pregnant if I had sex two days before my expected period? how to find out if you'r pregnant with a irregular menstration? Is "spotting" considered "menstruation"? I had unprotected sex 2 days ago with my fiance, now I am spotting. Can I be pregnant? what week in pregnancy will a test be positive Am i pregnant? will starting oral birth control a week before my period delay my period? can i use sulfameth/trimethoprim to cure a bacterial vaginosis infection? My period is too long?  6 weeks late for a period and 2 hpt came out neg what should i do i have been spotting the entire month of May and have been throwing up for 2 weeks now. Is spotting that much normal? My lmp was 4/22/13.Period was due 5/20 no period yet. I am having dull back pain and light pink spotting am i pregnant? I'm a 50 year old woman who has recently developed a strong vaginal odor and am spotting after sex. Need to see doctor? brown spotting only on depo for 2weeks, had sex 3days after the shot can i get pregnant? From the age of 31 I have had very few periods. I have had one proper one, and a handful of very small bleeds. Pain when my BF enters me then bleeding, hurts in the anterior part of my vagina close to the entrance like a pinch period came 7 days late i did a pregnancy test and it came bk negative then got spotting 10 days later cud i b pregnant? I took Bactrim for a UTI while on my period; I am on low lowstrine. Does Bactrim affect birth control? Had a hysterectomy in Dec '12. (uterus only). Spotting light brown today like an end of period spot. Is this normal? I missed a pill and took it a few hours later. Im still on my white pills, but I got my period? I started birth control 4 weeks ago ive been on my period for 3 weeks now. What can i do to make it stop. I have been going through menopause for almost a year. I started my period this morning! Is this normal? My period is 6 days late I started spotting this pinkish color along with this red like slime coming out. What is wrong? Im on the depo shot and iv been spotting almost every day for the last 3 months what could be wrong ? can you still have a period if you were spotting Is it normal to keep spotting a couple days after losing your virginity? had my period 1st weeek july again 3 rd week been spotting red and brown ever since what could this mean? I have had 2 full periods in july and spotting the rest of the month now aug. a period an more spotting am i pregnate? could i be pregnant Got the depo provera shot may 8,still no period not prego,spotting,dischange brown color, I don't know what to think. could i have had a miscarriage ? is it normal to be spotting and hurting when urinating? can I sue an MD for failure to dignose genital warts ? my cndition progressed into penile cancer. could i be pregnant? HELP!!! could i be pregnant? HELP!!! Had abnormal period related things usually never had, ex spotting before period, white discharge... Could I be pregnant? Im worried I might be pregnant I was only spotting yesterday and then it stopped I took a test and it was negative I started my period 8/5 I started spotting 8/19.. lasted 2-3 days. what could this be? brown spotting in between period I have only had one depo-vera shot, but havent had sex since I was on it. Is it normal to have irregualr periods?  My period finished 4 days ago and this morning i noticed some pink spotting. What can this be? Is Dettol good for Douching and Enema. I have being Bleeding for a few month after a miscarriage? I have been spotting for about 3 months I am post menopausal. I have not had a period in 2 years. I started spotting this morning. Should I be concerned? I have very light periods/spotting that lasts for 2-3 days since past 3 months. I'm 25 and sexually active. Any help? iv been trying to get pregnant my ovulation just ended and Im spotting! Frustrated  how can i tell if I am pregnant or starting menopause? I am 1 month shy of 50 years old but my peiod is very light missed 3 periods negitive pregnancey test and little spotting but major cramps and neasue and no energy whats wrong? can I be pregnant if I had my period twice in one month? Removal of Mirena and when to expect a period. I have had brown spotting for two weeks since my period ended. I am not on the pill and I am sexually active. am i pregnant on the mirena Woke up bleeding bright fresh red blood. I've been on the pill since I was 15, im now 21. Last had sex 2-3 months ago I am on birth control, but I started spotting a few days before my scheduled period. Is this common? Can I get pregnant the last day of my period I started period on 11/3 and lasted to 11/7. About a week and a half later, 11/17 stared spotting dark brown, pregnant? Started Period 11/3; now on 11/17 started spotting brown for 2 days. Why? ls it ok to spot brown in the 7th week of preg I spotted at 830pm at er n just once at 11am and stopped completly since i had unprotected sex on the 26th, started bleeding 6days after-on Dec2 after having unprotected sex again with husband im having bright red-orange spotting i had a tubal 1 year ago could i be pregnant Possibility of pregnancy or just paranoid? Terrified, please help  Does "menopause" mean one year after the last FULL period? Or does spotting count too? I'm pregnant but if I wasn't, I would've started my period 12/6. I started bleeding fairly heavy on 12/7 and still am. dark brown spotting and odor Heavy bleeding after period ended. Plan B pill. Bleeding. Should I be concerned? Depo shot causing heavy periods. A month after second shot was when the heavy bleeding started.  Am I pregnant? I havent had my period since the end of August. I usually don't get my period for many months at a time.  I'm trying to concieve. My period was late, now I'm spotting with cramps for several days. Is this normal? Negative test What is the first day of a period/ menstral cycle? i had a period nov 1. On Nov 30 i had another period that was about normal as the Nov. 1, but i havent had one since.  Im 21 for the past 2 years I haven't had my cycle. Every now and then i show signs of spotting , but no actual blood.. how can I stop the spotting as a result of me missing a few birth control pills  My period was due 1/11/14 on 1/15/14 i was spotting this pinkish color with very little red slime. whats wrong? what can cause spotting after hysterectomy post menoposal spotting with a yeast infection Why wont this period end? I have regular, heavy periods. I get fresh red spotting a week after my period ends for a few days. What could this be? I messed up my birth control pills and had sex using withdrawal. 13 days later I had a negative test and spotting. Been having oderless white discharge with no odor combined with abdominal cramps, lower back pain, and nausea. Been having oderless white discharge with no odor combined with abdominal cramps, lower back pain, and nausea. I was spotting for a week with some red and brown discharge and it was only when i wiped. I am curious.I spotted for a few hours on 1/9.again on 2/5 and then today all accompanied by mild cramps.what can it be? I have abnormal bleeding while using Nuva ring. I have been bleeding for over a week. What could it be? 9 days late on period with negative pregnancy test, Could I be pregnant or could it be something else?? What could cause my period to be heavy, lasts only 3 to 4 days, and happen about every 2 1/2 weeks? How do you know if you miscarried early in the pregnancy? hysterecomty in august 2012. why is there pinkish spotting? I still have my ovaries Period bleeding a little have not initial bleeding yet. Can not be pregnant. Whats going on? :( a week after my last period i had spotting along with cramping. could i be pregnant? I had a 10days spotting before menstruation regularly and still not getting pregnant.what would be the problem? Is it normal to bleed at 4 weeks pregnant i have a stinging feeling when i pee and i also have been lightly spotting and clotting i am due for my period soon I had unprotected sex, i took Plan B and now i have my "period" 2 weeks early and its lighter then usual. Am i pregnant? I am 27 and i had a pomeroy tubal ligation almost five years ago . what are my chances of it failing and pregnancy? After having a supercervical hysterectomy, I continue to have premenstral and pre-ovulation spotting. I been on the depo shot for 4 months and been bleeding for 3 how long do you bleed during a miscarriage?  can ovarian cyst cause spotting after menopause WHICH IS THE FIST DAY OF MY CYCLE THE FIST DAY IM SPOTTING OR THE FIST DAY OF HEAVY BLEEDING if you have been bleeding since december and your energy keeps diminishing should you go to the doctors? What's going on? how soon after conception can I take a pregnancy test how much blood means i'm pregnant? Ovulattion Have been spotting for 2 weeks now. Take Enpresse. Never done this before and am soon to be 46. ?Perimenopause? Depo stopped 5 months ago. Cycle returned for 2 months. Then missed 2 months. Pregnancy test negative. Confused. taking pill for 3 years. No placebo, pills taken properly. spotting almost the whole time. why? My husband and I had sex in a pool yesterday, I am 7 weeks pregnant and now I am spotting and cramping. Is this normal? How long after Mirena insertion can you have unprotected sex? Could my girlfriend be pregnant? How early is too early for an accurate test? Is spotting after a week late a good sign? I am on the pill. I missed my last period, am now on day 17, and just had a little bit of spotting. Could I be pregnant? Why am I spotting constantly? period in june n in july spotting 3 negative tests but all symptoms possible pregnant was on depo for 3 months 1 shot had a pd June 1 to June7 June19started spotting brown til June28 no pd yet Watvcan it b will switching from IUD to oral birth control cause me to skip periods? can i be pregnant even with spotting Only spotting/discharge after provera? (trying to get period) Reinserted Implanon has caused me to have double periods, why has it happened?  Bleeding after sex but haven't had a period in years because of my IUD. Shoulda I see my OB? After me and my boyfriend had sex, I noticed small amounts of spotting and it hurts slightly when I pee.  what can tender breast and light cramping and spotting mean? Last period was on 17july.I had spotting with pain on 6aug before my period to start.Now 3 days due for my period. could i be pregnant spotting? Can stress cause pregnancy symptoms? I began a new pill 1 month ago yet I'm having a normal period. I haven't missed a pill. Is this normal? Am I protected? Bizzare reddish-purple sunburn with spotting on leg Is it ok to wear tampons with a continuous period of 3 or more months? Is i safe to continue my birth control if I think I may be pregnant? Is it ok to wear tampons for 3 months? I'm spotting with cramps, just finished my period though. What's going on I miscarried 2-1/2 months ago. I've had 1 regular period, but since my 2nd I haven't stopped spotting in 1-1/2 weeks. On birth control, got period mid cycle, and now I haven't had my period? Will the flu shot affect my birth contol shot? Will it cause spotting?  Pregnacy test is negative but am spotting still Condom broke during ovulation. Took Morning after pill 30 min after it happened. Pregnant? Taking out NuvaRing on Monday. Going on vacation next month over period. How can I delay next months period!!! Periods. 1st day heavy and then 1 day spotting over the last two months. Last full- June 22nd. Had sex- June 29th.  I've been having breakthrough bleeding on my birth control and am wondering if I should take Plan B? Could I be pregnant? on and off spotting all month took 4 tests yesterday... all positive and now i am slightly spotting... is this normal? How can I be sure I am ovulating? I tried BBT charting, but I move too much while I sleep. Any other suggestions? I came on my period a week and half early and only lasted 3 days ?  Bleeding between periods. Bright red blood, much like a regular period. Not on birth control, had a tubal 4yrs ago. 27yo Is it possible my due date is not my due date ? I can feel the baby kick since 8w my due date is 23/04/15. My period is 4-5 days late and I'm very lightly spotting could i be pregnant? no peroid in two months. occasional spotting. Burning sensation. defintely not pregnant. Could I be pregnant if I got my period twice in one month? Was 12 days late for my period had a 2 day period then 3 days of spotting.I've been sexually active,Should i be worried? is sex ok when you have a fibroid on uterus I'm 43 years old, I've had problems with Endemitriosis, now I've been spotting for 1 mnth now with clots, is this a sign It12 weeks late but have irregular periods could I still be pregnant I just started Birth Control this past month. I had taken it for 14 days straight pretty consistantly. I am 2 weeks and 1 day pregnant and i have little amounts of brown spotting and mild cramping. What can this be? I have being spotting for 3 days andbhave lower pain in my bladder Period with cramps during second pack of lomedia 24 fe What's going on? Period after lupron depot three month shot. I had unprotected sexual for the first time and I bled afterwards how long does that usual last? 