What are the causes of intermittent abdominal bloating/distention? What's up with this belly? How can I get rid of tummy cellulite? How old is time for tummy time? What's the best over-the-counter treatment for an upset stomach? Lortab makes my stomach hurt and me itch. Percocet didn't give me the same problems. What is the difference? I am unable to keep down my prenatal vitamin. Any suggestions on what to take that my stomach will tolerate? Why do you take some medicines on an empty stomach and at the same time every day? I have stomach & chest pains, am light-headed, dizzy & nauseous. What are these symptoms of? What over-the-counter (OTC) medication is OK to take for headaches when you have stomach ulcers? My husband has stomach pain. Is Pepto-Bismol good for him to take? I have had two children and am left with a wrinkly belly. I am only 23. Are Thermage or microdermabrasion effective?  I had my son 19 months ago, and I have some loose skin on my belly from my pregnancy. How can I tighten up my skin? What are some dietary recommendations if I have stomach ulcers? Is there a way to stop the stomach cramps and pains my daughter gets from taking Adderall? Can you get sick to your stomach when you are stressed or having a panic attack? The two ferrous gluconate tablets I take daily upset my stomach. Is there an alternative to get my iron? I take Trinsicon and have a problem with stomach upset. Ive taken it with food and on an empty stomach. What can I do? Im having upset stomach, vomiting, and diarrhea. Can diclofenac cause these symptoms?  I'm currently taking a Z-Pak antibiotic, and it causes stomach upset and diarrhea. Can I take Pepto-Bismol for relief? My new omeprazole prescription (40 mg twice daily) is working, but must I always take it on an empty stomach? Will taking antibiotics with milk keep your stomach from hurting?  Is there a coated naproxen medication to prevent stomach problems? Is it OK to lay on my stomach if I am 19 weeks pregnant? My 4-month-old has started rolling, from back to tummy. Is that a worry when she sleeps? I am 5'8" and weigh only 130. But I have a 30-inch waist. Why does my fat all go to my belly? Is it safe to take the Revolution Abdominal Cuts natural supplement with birth control pills? I am 14 and just lost 60 pounds. I have a lot of excess skin on my belly. What can I do to get rid of it?  I had my son a year ago, and still have loose skin on my belly from my pregnancy. How can I tighten up the extra skin? Why do you take some medicines on an empty stomach and at the same time every day?  I have had two children and am left with a wrinkly belly. I am only 23. Are Thermage or microdermabrasion effective? What causes stomach pain and swelling after eating every meal? been this way for 3 weeks does heart burn cause increased heart rate? Could I be pregnant? I have an embedded Mirena IUD and have had unprotected sex. why am I having stomach cramps lower pack pain and shortness of breath. tired all the time Are acid reflux and IBS related? I have a stomach ulcer currently taking (omeprazole dr 20 mg) can i take percocet for severe tooth aches? Wake up with severe nausea and stomach cramps. After having a large, unfirm BM, the nausea and cramps stop. What is it? Wake up with severe nausea and stomach cramps. After having a large, unfirm BM, the nausea and cramps stop. What is it? What are signs and symptoms of a tubal pregnancy? My 7 week old seems as though she is congested when she is eating and breathing at times. Should I take her in? i am on thyroixine 75mcg.sometimes I feel anxiety,joint and body pain extermely.within 4-5days symptoms reduces itself . CAN GALLSTONES COME BACK AFTER GALLBLADDER IS REMOVED My son has 7 small flesh colored non irritating bumps on his stomach and they have recently started spreading. Can I be pregnant after taking hormones but PG test is negative My daughter is 12 years old, and is having stomach cramps on her sides, mid to upper abdom. she is is pain. i'm trying for a baby and after just a week after sex i seem too be having what seems like symptoms is this possible How long does it take for your stomach to shrink when dieting 11-mo has had D since Thursday. Thought it was a stomach virus but now stool is black/tarry. Do I need to call the Dr? When I swallow, it feels like food gets to a certain point and stops, causing pain, before going on down. Why? my period was 3 days early and lasted 3 days but my test were all negative could i be pregnant I've been throwing up all day off andon. Do I need to keep trying to eat or just leve my stomach empty? could i be pregnant? i was starting my cycle 10.04.2012 but it only lasted 4 days. 2 days were heavy 2 were light i have had stomach pain for nine months tests have been done but told nothing wrong am i imaginning the pain? can you take tylenol and codeine #3 while you have a concussion? Lying down flat and lifting up my head my stomach bulges in the center from my chest to my navel and is very soft. How much protein should I take in daily after the gastric sleeve weight loss surgery? What causes nausea not throwing up, a 101 degree fever for 2 days, no appetite, no energy, minor nausea 2 weeks later I ate somethin that had been left out for12 hrs that had cheese and sour cream.Now i have chronic diarrhea wat happened? pain by my hip bone, feeling sick after i eat I have all signs of appendicitis but stomach pain.I had stomach pain 2 days ago but it went away. do i have appendicitis I feel like something is caught in my esaphgus. I burp all the time and it's really uncomfortable. I was diagnosed with acute pharyngitis and came home, haven't been able to eat, barely drink, feel ill. is this normal? what does it mean if you have a suddenly round, hard swollen-looking upper abdomen and are not pregnant? can being kneed in the stomach cause a miscarriage I have a history of a high frequency of bowel movements everyday. On average I go three times sometimes more in one day I've been on birth control for a year. Started bleeding two weeks early. Its heavier then normal. Should I be worried? Can implantation bleeding occur 3 days after period is due? Headache, dizziness, claminess, pale, upset stomach, cant focus eyes. This happened 3 times in past 6 weeks. What wrong? I have sharp pains in the stomach and upper intestine areas, nausea, throwing up, and dizzyness, should I be concerned? testicle and stomach pain drinking soda how do i treat excessive gas in a newborn? I haven't had a period in over a year now. Is it normal to have light bleeding, mild cramping, and tender breast?  Is there such a thing as angina of the stomach or intestines due to atherosclerosis? Can you be so sressed or freaked out that you pass out completely? Question regarding wheat insensitivity..Can a non celiac be insensitive to wheat My 11 yr old son has constent stomach aches what could be causing this How long does it take for food to pass through the stomach and small intestine to the large intestine? My daughter has had stomach virus and has had fever for the past three days, Dr. said let it take its course true?? How long should one continue medications after Angioplasty? What are the Side Effects of prolonged use of certain drugs? Do you have to take thyroid supplements on an empty stomach 30 minutes before eating? What causes stomach aliments at night while lying down? what is the name of the barium study of the stomach Sharp stomach pain My little brother is throwing up after he said he ate a chicken nugget that was red inside what could it be? I want to know what I can eat while I have a stomach ulcer. What are the possable causes of your body not being able to absorb Iron after having your stomach and spleen removed? Can stomach pain with diabetes get so bad to send you to the ER? I'm feeling/seeing a fairly sudden swelling/bloat in my stomach and feeling the constant need to urinate, why is this?? I take supplements everyday and work out yet I am always getting sick and always feeling tired. What is wrong with me? Is it normal to constantly become hungry, yet become full from eating very little? What does this sound like? I've pooped 12 times since I've woken up, all of them diarrhea. What is happening to me? ulcer what to do,eat what not to do and eat? Are there physical symptoms for overwhelming guilt? My stomach has gotten really large over the last several months why am i having lower pain on the left side of my stomach  What can cause upper stomach pain, indigestion, and gas accompanied by a dull aching pain in my back? I have severe abdomenal pain. I get stomach spams whenever I eat or drink anything. I'm nauseous all the time. Do I need to take my daughter to the doctor if she has mild signs of clostridium difficile. My hands were shaking and I couldnt stop crying. My stomach also felt like it was being punched. I also couldnt breathe what would cause nausea, all over body ache, blood in stool, abdomenal pain, flu like symtoms? Was at gym. On ab crunch machine, pushed too heavy weight and felt a pop in my stomach. Felt like something stuck out. Stomach cramps and Diarrhea for one week...what should I do?? I get nauseous everytime after I eat, what's wrong? Is 99.5 a normal temperature for a woman? Getting sick overseas. Colonoscopy tomorrow. Can I continue Augmentin today - upset stomach? Will it interfere with the colonscopy tomorrow?  When I get upset I feel nauseous, I can't beathe and my stomach hurts,I get really depressed. Should I talk to a doctor? I have lost 40lbs (my goal) but most of that weight was everywhere but my stomach. Why is that and what can I do? What would cause discoloration of your stool, specifically a black color? do dogs get gas Dull pain on upper right abdomen? No fever, 98.9 Threw up once. It all started after having a bowel movement.  tubal ligation 24yrs ago. I am tired,clothes tighter, discharge from breasts, heartburn. moody. Am I pregnant My daughter is 20 weeks pregnant and was accidently hit on the side of her stomach, near hip. Is baby and uterus ok?  Daughter is 20 weeks pregnant, and was accidently hit in stomach near hip. Is baby and uterus ok? i am a 24yr old female that has had problems after i eat i get pain all over my whole abdomen and diarrhea My daughter is 6, she is constanting complaining of stomach hurting on RLQ, c/o after eats, need ct? I had blood in my stool, and have had constant hunger like pain under my rib cage on the right side- could it cancer? After I drink a cup of coffee I almost immediately get an upset stomach. Is it the caffeine or the coffee? my 5 year old has stomach pains and cant poop. My 6 month old baby (fetus) is not moving in stomach. Normal..? What does this sound like? please help My husband has stomach spasms, bloating, gas and a little bit of diarrhea. What do you suggest? what causes black poop Right side of tummy hurts :( my husband has very bad stomach pains, diarrhea, vomitting green and is diabetic. she he go to the er? For the past three years my husband has suffered daily from diarrhea and stomach cramping. I have a pale clay looking stool with the consistency of caulk, bloating, and stomach pains.  is a perforated bowl death an accidental death ? After sex this morning I got stomach cramps that turned into SHARP constant stabbing pain from vag. to my anus. Ideas? I Iook like I'm 8 months pregnant...when I'm not Ate glass. Freaked out and puked. Now, it feels like there is acid in my stomach all the time. Am I going to die? After walking a short distance my heart beats very strongly as if I just ran occasionally with lightheadedness included. Gastroenteritis ive had it for over a month should i be conserned? But i haven't been Vomiting or naushous. My wife is having stomach pain and bleeding. She says her breasts feel bigger and heavier. She is on the pill. Thoughts? can i be pregnant by my symptoms or could be just an ovarian cyst? i am having bleeding after my stool and just this past month it has happened at least 5 times... Could smokeless tobacco be the cause of stomach upset and runny diahrrea? Is my stomache suppose to bloat Like Im 8 months pg everytime I eat or drink? had surgery a year ago can not work or stand or move with out pain in stomacke since no medication is working what is it My stomach always growls, turns, and feels bloated after I eat. I also have a lot of flatulence. What could be wrong? what to take vomiting and achy feeling. started with upset stomach what food can u eat with gastritis until the stomach heals Can a hernia in my stomach untie my tubes? and cause me to be pregant? I had anal sex and now I cant seem to go to the bathroom. Please Help. I get sick to my stomach and do not get hungry when I travel. having stomach pains, mostly in the evening, after 5. feels like contractions but contstant. goes away after some time. i have diarreha 5 to 10 times a day whether drinking water or after eating.cant be away from toilet stomach gurgling my 15 year old daughter wakes up with a stomach ache and nausua quite a bit. what could this be? late period, bloated upper stomach, occasional dizziness and nausea. what could it be? Why joints swell in older age? my granddaughter has to have a gluton free diet what can i feed her? My mom has been on Megace for 3 weeks and just started with stomach pain. Is this normal? I have a sharp pain in my chest what could this be ? Is it possible to be pregnant from being fingered after a guy cums? My period is 6 days late!  MY STOMACH IS BIGGER AND I AM FEELING MOVEMENT IN MY UPPER STOMACH.my tubes are tide. period is regular.  i am having bloody diarreah and mild cramping, should I be concerned and go to the hospital? IM 4 MONTHS PREGNANT AND AM CONSTATLY BURPING EVEN WHEN I HAVE NOT HAD ANYTHING TO DRINK OR EAT, IS THAT NORMAL? Can gastric acid backup cause a strange smell in the nose, along with a bitter taste in the mouth? my 7yr old sour has gas/sour stomach what can i do to help him?hedoes have a bit of direreah also Ifeel gases in the stomach Even that did not eat anything , and much after eating every day  How long after a miscarriage do the stomach cramps go away? pain in the LLQ, temp only 94-95F, cough, weak, dizzy, sick to stomach what shold i do been getting worse times 3 days What is the most common month durring pregnancy can you feel the baby move? My daughter has a sinus infection and was taking a 5 day antibiotic. Now she says her stomach is stinging and hurts.Why? Very bad stomach pain in the mornings. I have a yellow discharge...no sex for a month..no smell or irritation just gotta keep pantyliners on...not sure??  im 6 weeks pregnant had stressful arguement, i noticed some brown spotting.i suddenly had mean cramp on my stomach 8 year old stomach pain for 12 days, rash, off/on vomiting, pale face I've had chronic stomach pain for three days. What could be going on? Does pickle juice really help with muscle craps? And if it does, why? Im 49 years old and have had my period for over a month and a half - my stomach looks like im pregnant but i cant be Minor swelling on one cheek for a week. Painless, sometimes tender. Chills sometimes when most swollen. Should I worry? What should my son eat when it hurts to eat? (He's dangerously underweight) I have sharp shooting pains in my stomach after i eat, diarrhea, constipation, acid reflux that requires medication pregnancy? or just going crazy? Im having few preg symptons even weight gain and hard stomach 3 neg tests could i still be pregnant? last period 9/05/12 My 3 year old had a fever for the past 2 days. She is complaining of stomach pain and can't urinate. My stomach seems to be getting bigger am I constipated,I had a hysterectomy having right adominal pain in my side  adominal pain my boyfriend hasnt been able to poop nothin in 3 days and is having stomach pain Child on concerta. pupils dilated, eyes glassy, Good appetite before the pill - none after. Has lost 7 lbs in 10 days. Had sex, a week later instead of my normal period had alittle blood when wiped. Now im sick to stomach and nipples itch. 4 year old male child vomiting saliva and yellow bile my three year old granddaughter has had a low grade fever for severl days mainly at nght and is saying she has a headach I have stomach crampts and extremely bad diarrhea anything I eat or drink comes straight back out. How long after you eat a meal will your stomach be considered empty? Toddler with fever of 103 for 1 week, then fever of 101 for two weeks. Today i got an tight sharp feeling in my chest on the right pec it hurts when i touch it and move im 21 Can you catch the stomach bug twice? I have pregnancy symptoms, including no period. I'm 12 days late. hpt have been negative. What is going on with me? I ate yesterday for lunch and all day after I had bad stomach pain in my upper abdomen. I couldn't sleep because it hurt Can a menstrual period be a orange color? have not had a bowel movement in about 5 months, what can i do How long can flu/cold causing bacteria live outside the human body? Over the counter medicine to resolve stomach pain from acid reflux? ive been on birth control for 2 months, still no period and have sex without condom regularly. pregnancy test say neg Stabbing pain in rib cage and collar bone? I have stomach pain cause by a lactose issue, what medicine can i take to eleviate stomach pain besides avoiding dairy I've been puking a lot and getting head aches. I don't know what to do. What could i have? took 3 1/2 hydrocodone pills for cluster headaches now stomach is upset n cant sleep n on the toilet alot wats wrong can magnesium cause swelling of hands/heel of foot I have random bouts of Blood in My Stool, I'll go a couple weeks where I'm fine and then it happens again I have had Gastroenteritis for three weeks now. Is this serious? I have diarrhea and there is a noticable amount of mucus what could cause this? Should i be concerened? Does lemon juice really help to prevent catching a stomach virus/help relieve or kill the virus? for the past month, everytime I eat I get very bad stomach pain that can last for 30 min, what this a sign of?female,24 What should I do about diarrhea lasting more than a week? my dog has a spot on her stomach. is it safe to give baby tylenol with nystatin I 'm 42 .Had a lite period last month until day 7 then heavy period for 3 days. Now this month I am 8 days late. What is causing a knot on the left side of my abdomen, parallel to belly button? 28 yo female with fatigue and tacycardia. I've ruled out any heart issues. I have tpo antibodies but normal thyroid. My 2 month old son is constipated. What can I do to help him? So i am 28 year old female who wants to get pregnant next year. Can i take pre natal vitamins now or should i wait My dr. said Ihave a large water filled stomach. Exactly what is this and what do I do to fix it? is it normal to have stomach bug for 8 days so far and still counting? I have a red, swollen, pimple like area on my stomach that is very sore and is hard (ish) about 3 inches in diameter I had Gastric By-pass surgery in 2005; haven't had much follow up. Which blood tests and levels need to be checked? I am 51 year old male and Overweight. I am looking older than my age. I am feeling physically weak all the time. I started Chantix a week ago and I'm expirencing some horrible side effects. My doctor isn't really helping.... WHEN I BURP ITS TASTE REALLY NASTY LIKE SOMETHING IS SPOILED IN MY STOMACH WHAT COULD IT BE My 5 y/o is always complaining of stomach pains, what could it be? A tapeworm? galbladder issues? Would tonsillitis cause my 6 year old to have a very red, large swollen lymphnode in her neck? Havent had period since Nov. but have mucus could this be ovulation? also tender breast,stomach pains,trouble breathing Pregnant? Please help! is it okay to eat two organic kiwis, apples, or bananas daily? i am very active and trying to gain healthy weight.  can a stomach ulcer burst Doctor test results in mail states I am fine, but i noticed protien in urine test was 30mg/fl a abnormal amount. Normal period. two weeks later, bad stomach cramps,discharge,tender breasts and started bleeding (never happened before) What can I do to ease gastroenteritis stomach pain? can sweetners react to stomach ulcers I am post menopausal and sex has become painful and I have a blood tinged discharge afterward. What could this be? i have and enlarged spleen and the pain is worse then ever should i go to hospital? Can an infected ingrown toenail cause diarrhea? I've had it off and on for 2 days. I feel fine after using the restroom i think i may be pregnant, ive taken a test at home it came back positive. ? How to prepare to get stabbed? what can cause lit headed stiff neck tired shakey ringing in head when you can't digest food i get horrible back pain and frontal pain after a sex dream and it wakes me up. it takes a while for it to go away. why? what brings on a panic attack I have severe stomach pains e/ so often and i always break out in hives when the pain come why is that ? I finished a normal period cycle, within 48 hours I began bleeding again. Also queasy, sick to my stomach. What is up? I finished a normal period cycle, within 48 hours I began bleeding again. Also queasy, sick to my stomach. What is up? what is bio found in stomach mean ? Does crackers help with nausea how often and how much prune juice added to 2mo old formula to help with stomach ache from not having a BM I can't inhale sometimes when sleeping on back, side or stomach. Nausea, vomiting, constipation, pain in right side of stomach, diabetic, low grade fever Can vomitting happen during PMS Accidently drank mosquito larvae in a bottle of water and now I have diarrhea. Should I get this checked out or am i ok? I wake up nauseated and I get diarrhea each morning. Foods that I would normally eat for breakfast I can not stomach. does liver problems make your stomach look like your pregnant?  why does my stomach hurt after everything i eat miscarriage at 21 weeks and symptoms after... Son vomitting off and on 2nd week 6 years old.ER had no answers,sons Doctor says maybee stomach bug My daughter has been having stomach pain, internally around her belly button and nauseous all the time What could it be? I was bitten by 4 ticks in the stomach-legs area. They were on me for 2~4 hours. Should I be concerned. (I removed them) Bitter taste in your mouth could it be linked to some type of cancer or stomach problem I have a really big stomach, it's the biggest part of my body. I look like I am 20 months pregnant!!  I have thick yellow discharge, it does not have an odor and I do not have any other symptoms. What could it be? I am clotting and having pain in my stomach and a back am I misarrying? Smelled blood a few days ago and now have constant migrains, feel nausiated and upset stomach. I'm a male. Any ideahs? does dehydration cause fever? How do I know if I have an enlarged heart? I feel hot on the inside but no fever. I have a stomach ache and my throat hurt and glands feel swollen. i have diarriha vomiting hot to cold shivers and mild stomach pains Woke up with sharp/stabbing stomach pains for most of the day. It just disappeared all of a sudden. Now what? foods high in fiber give me severe stomach pain and bloating,  I feel full all the time even when I have not eaten. My stomach stays swollen a lot. Lately, just about all the time. Couuld you use Zofran to get a buzz or if you were addicted to prescription drugs? WHAT'S THE BEST WAY TO FLATTEN MY STOMACH ? I ONLY WEIGH 92 LBS.I'M 33 YEARS OLD.DON'T WANT TO LOSE WEIGHT My 9 yr old daughter has been extremely fatigued for 3 days now she is usually very energetic even sick any causes? Is milk a solid or a liquid once in the stomach? Can you use it to replace some water intake? sinusitis - I have had chronic sinus pain in my face and ears daily for 4 years - what else can I do? I am lost on ideas what's wrong with me pain in stomach gets worst when i eat I have no gallbladder or apendix it feels  My friend has a three year old boy, you can visually see knots in his stomach. Ideas , thoughts, or reccomendations? Could I possibly be pregnant? Could I be pregnant? What would cause very sharp, breath taking pain from my stomach all the way through to the end of my rectum? Swollen belly MY 5 YEAR OLD COMPLAINS ABOUT HER STOMACH HURTING AFTER EVERY MEAL ? SHE LOST ABOUT 4LBS.TOO ! For about 8 years pain and discomfort after bowel movements and while sitting. Seems swollen and bumpy around rectalarea my stomach gets sour first, i can taste it when i burp. Then i vomit. it has happened many times. why? I take a supp. that says to take on an empty stomach and in the a.m. How long do I have to wait to eat after taking it? I run, while running I have had a pain on the top of my foot behind the fourth toe, a bruise shows up the next day??. Shiny Red sores on outer Labia (line running from top to bottom), had for 3 years - now 17 Yrs old. I have been very sleepy and when i urinate the color is orange. what does that mean? also i take meds for my stomach When i eat spicy food, within 15 minutes i get loose-motion. it is a real problem for me. Please advice a solution. pregnant? i'm due for my period on the 4th of July, my boobs have grown, stomach constantly bloated, white vag.discharge is there any home remedy to help alleviate stomach ulcers I just had a jet black poop, could this be from drinking a lot of beer, I feel fine right now? okay my question is my left nipple is leaking a milky liquid, and my hips and stomach hurt, and i just had a period,help Can I be pregnant if I gave a hand job and washed hands on tub, then a few minutes later got in?  Is exercising on an empty stomach a good idea? can pain medication cause food to not digest Something is making my stomach hurt and naking go to the rest room alot Every so often, I get bloody stools, looks like clumps of blood in my feces. I also drink a lot. Is there a link? gastritis/vomiting/constant abdominal pain--Endoscopy done, nuclear scan done, 2 ER visits all show belly full of bile. Can reflux go unnoticed while doing damage to sinuses and upper respiratory area? Male 50 , had a physical labs came back fine except testosterone levels very high. I know low can be bad is high t bad? Can antibiotic use over 6 months create a more chronic nausea, bowel urgency and anxiety after use? can rice cereal upset a babies stomach what is causing my babies face, arms, legs and feet to turn purple? I am 16, female.Eating 1300-1500 calories,cardio/strength 1 1/2 hr and drinking water daily. Why can't I lose weight? Is there another medication besides Prednisone that will take down inflammation caused by a severe case of Vasculitis. My son is vomiting nonstop and when he does stop his stomach hurts what to I give him After throwing up repeadidly the whites of my eyes are bloddy and yellow. Soes Atenolol help teens who have high anxiety at school because they stutter? I get stomach pains and nauseous sometimes I can't eat for a whole day sometimes if I eat I will throw it back up. Hurts to take deep breathe, pain around belly button, and pain under ribs.. what is this? I have a stomach ache pretty much everyday and wanna know why and/or how to fix it? what types of food should i not eat with a stomach ulcer? My 4 year old has molluscum and it was getting worse not any better so her dr prescribed her cimetidine. Is this right? AM I PREGNANT ? PREGNANT OR NOT  Was told I might have an stomach ulcer. In extreme pain for about a week. What should I do? Can drinking Orange Juice at night cause upset stomach in the morning? i think i have a stomach virus? i havent been able to eat for days, and it's been causing headache and i am always tired Can pregnancy occur despite oral contraceptive and ejaculation happening outside? My mood goes from depressed to happy with episodes of anxiety. I feel like I am on a roller coaster is this normal? moving sensation in stomach I am having bad back and stomach pain followed by loose stool looks like it has yellow dye in it. I take bentyl for stomach cramping and connection between that and leg cramps?  Am i pregnant or is something seriously wrong with me! Please help My son has a red and hard bump on his lower stomach, What could it be? I am 5'5'' at 115-120 lbs and 19 yrs old. I noticed a horizontal line across the bottom of my stomach. what is it? could i be pregnant? I have had stomach gas for almost 2 months now. Could it caused by BC pills that I'm taking? Can umbilical hernia cause nausea? I have had a constant stomach ache and have felt very nauseas for a week. And I am on my period. What is wronge with me? Does Mirena IUD cause weight gain if a period has not been had for 10mo and only had IUD for 12mo? how good are caffeine free herbal teas for your stomach? Can herbal tea be consumed daily? what is pain under the breast bone in the middle does breaking a bone make you sick to your stomache? For the past 4 months, I have been getting mid to upper back 'burning' pain after eating. Any clues? Is 333% Zinc supplement too much for someone that is 140 pounds, I took one after breakfast and immediatly threw up? is it normal to have an upset stomach 3 weks aftrer an appindextimy Appendicitis, when to go to the doctor? can oral thrush spread to stomach I have been sore and achy for months and have had off and on dizzy spells since july,what could be wrong? My hubs bit his cheek 4 hours ago. It is still bleeding, and his stomach is upset from the blood.Should we see someone? whens the earliest to tell if your pregnant can a stomach infection cause jaundice how to prevent postnasal drip that drains into stomach and makes me vomit every morning. I have gross hematuria and abdominal discomfort especially when I move. Do I really need medical attention? Is it possible to have a stomach virus without vomiting or diarrhea? ulcer I have severe pain in my stomach and nausea what can I do to help missed periods months at a time Is there an Artery3 that could be around your navel and goes to the back? When touched its very tender im on birth control for the past 2yrs i do not get my period and my stomach is very big what could the problem be if i feel like my stomache is on fire? warm to touch on stomache and vomiting..  Psychological or Physiological? Every time I eat eggs I get a stomach ache. can male semen cause a womans stomach to be pumped When someone gets staph after a C-section how could this happen what to do when your child eats 15 cinnamon altoids how does alcoholism affect your stomach? why does my stomach jerk When I smoke I get a cramping feeling in my stomach or diaphragm? Can I get the stomach virus again? Pulsing in stomach but not pregnant. What could cause a person (tubefeeder) to have nausea after feeding? pumpkin pie constipates me Scoliosis Can ongoing stomach problems cause pain in the teeth? Are there negatives to taking premenopausal supplements when I'm in my early twenties? My Wife is having severe burping problem from 6 months. She burps all the time. Gas is not passing through ANUS. What is the best form of probiotic to take? Can the probiotics survive stomach acid?  for about 2 monthssick to stomach after eating, short of breath, loss of apetite. i take nexium40 zantac150 twice daily My 2yr old son has swollen foreskin on his penis. Dark yellow pee. Back and stomach ache My lower lefthand side hurts by my waist line what could it be?  Zoloft; Diarrhea side effects? Baked cookies during day/evening. Came down with stomach bug/fever later in same evening. Are cookies safe to eat? Could I be pregnant even though I'm on birth control and have NOT missed any periods? My husband says his stomach is burning why? what antibotic is used for imflamed protitis my boyfriend lifted some heavy tables last week and ever since he has a sharp pain on the right side of his stomach Weird rash over body can too much ice cream damage the stomach? Diarrhea and stomach pain Seattle.My roommate and I wake up with drymouth/mild headaches/stomach pain. Professional mold/other air tests negative. Having weird feelings in my stomach around my belly button but inside my tubes are tied and on my cycle what could it be When pregnant, what month do you start to get the dark line on your stomach? what to do if you aspirate stomach acid SEVERE Gastroenteritis, should I stay home? Could it be gallstones? White rice causes my stomach to become distended. Other foods do also but this one is the worst. Why? my husband is weak throwing up blood and stomach is enlarged  Is it possible someone of my family get pregnant from sperm on toilet seat/bathroom? is it dangerous to get pregnant while taking Yaz contaception What causes a dogs stomach to blow out? is it safe for a 6 year old child to consume yogurt one week after the expiration date? I have been in menopause for 9yrs so why am I getting stomach cramps? can a penny made after 1982 be harmfull to stomach linning i was taken off paxil recently, now i am felling dizzy sick to my stomach and irriable, how long will this last? Unprotected sex!!! could i be pregnant?? Hx crohns,C-Diff. on Flagyl. Have watery stools w/urgancy no explosivness. should I go in and be check for C-diff again I have sensitive skin and can't find a sun block that won't break out in a rash. Anyone have suggestions? I am 16 and every morning for the past 5 months I wake up fine but when I try to eat i feel like i am going to puke. My stool is jet black I've had this before how long does it take for the stomach to digest and pass blood from an ulcer I am 16, not pregnant and every morning for the past 5 months I wake up fine but when I try to eat I get nauseous. i have extreme stomach pain that's lasted for hours with diarrhea and nausea, shoud i go to the ER? my breast's have become very painfull and any pressure on stomach causes extreem pain I've had stomach cramps for 2 days and signs of dehydration without vomitting or had diarrhea. Should I go to the ER?  sudden,severe grabing pain in upper right stomach,goes under ribs to shoulder and neck.Breathing keeps it going When I poop, I can feel a little bit of my anus pushing just a tiny bit out of the hole. It goes back in. Is this normal Is extreme huger normal in week 4 of pregnancy? how to maintain weight with light exercise Had A tick about 5 months ago,got it off but still have a rised bump and now HAVE THE SYSTOMS FOR LYME IS THI possible/ i was vomiting two days ago since then I have has cramps in my mid stomach, feeling weak and burping alot two days ago i started vomiting, now I have pains in my mid stomach, feeing weak and burping alot Severe Constant abdnominal pain, Yellow Mucous, Blood in stool, Loss of appetite, passing stool causes painful cramps.  Is it possible I could have Depresson or Anxiety? I have gastric erosions, can I take benedryl to help me sleep? What if you have bloody loose stools with gas in stomach 50yrs old had a stroke, recovered from it, quit smoking. My stomach has doubled in size and its hard to breathe not fat. What causes me to have foul smelling burps? I had black diarrhea last p.m. now tarry. Light headed and short of breath when standing, d face gets pale, I just got diagnostic and taking medication for diverticulosis what foods can I eat I am hungry my stomach still hurts stomach pains, SOB, starving sensation almost all day but then "fill it" and feel bloated, BM only in morning Diareah 15 hr back stomach leg cramps right side mostly, bloating in upper right stomach every 15 minutes with vomiting Is gastric surgery covered by medicare stomach pain, worse as day goes on, throw up after eating (lasted over a month) waking up in night from pain my 7 yr old son has a sore throat. red in the back and he screams when I touch side of neck. strep? Daughter has had recurring severe stomach pain, no fever (max 99.6). Should we see specialist? what could happen when you will a month of birthconrol pills ? what is the virus called that causes stomach ulcers? Is it possible to be allergic to powdered sugar? How much sublingual B-12 for post gastric bypass? Bad abdominal pains after i get angry an upset It feels like there are fireworks going off in my stomach, along with moderate to severe cramping and gas. Is this IBS? What are some causes of upper right abdominal burning pain Why is my 5yr havng so much stomach cramps. When she eats and at night she wakes up crying. Blood work shows nothing. would it be possible to have stomach put in backwards after surgery? experiencing what i believe to be hives all over my stomach, chest and sides, as well as lower neck, causing itchyness Can you take a warm bath when you have the chills and a slight fever? CAN AN ANAL FISSURE CAUSE STOMACH PAIN? drug allergy I went to use the bathroom and when I wiped I noticed that there was hurting on my vaginal area.  My iron level is 3 doc put me on iron pills 25mg x2 daily, hasn't helped much, always tired and sore what else can i do? Small amount of blood in stool today noticed alot on tissue, have a dr appt next week should I go to dr sooner or E.R? I'm 7 days late for period and got a faint second line on pregnancy test this morning. I'm i pregnant or not? Swallowed an air bubble drinking water, causing extreme pain followed by no hunger with stomach pressure. Does a pt in the hospital need to see a Gastroenterologist for Diverticulosis surgery. How bad can you hurt yourself from having bad dry heaves? pain after swallowing, feels like I swallowed a bone. comes and goes I have a really bad cough My son has the following symptoms, warm,dry, tired,weak,dizzy, shaky, light headed,nausea,loss of appetite,d Is drinking fluids (water, etc.) with meals harmful to digestion? Does it dilute gastric acids? i get an upset stomach after eating etc - bread , soft pretzels, donuts, seems to be anything with yeast. how to relieve gas pain and blotting i was told that i needed to take my thyroid meds-150 mg- on an empty stomach and not eat for a certain length of time  I'm woman,53. For the past 1 month I have been farting ~25x a day. Stomach doesn't bloat. No alcohol. What should I do? if you have cirrohsis of the liver how long do you have to live? can stomach inflamation cause weight loss? I'm breastfeeding and didn't realize PeptoBismol wasn't safe. I only took 1 dose, how long should I avoid breastfeeding? Dairy has never caused me stomach problems but it does give me hard stool and hemorrhoids. Am I lactose intolerant? Can lettuce cause me to have diarrhea? Can lettuce cause me to have diarrhea? When can I take NSAIDs after gastric surgery 15 yr pancreatic cancer survivor. Now stomach cancer. Tumors ON pancreas - is it also pancreatic cancer again? can shingles cause lymph nodes to become enlarged diarrhea for 4 wks. watery and then black stools. now a redish color but not like blood and mucus. is this serious What causes nausea with Mirapex? Exactly what is occurring in your body or stomach to cause nausea? Here lately, ive been experecing pain like a full bladder, but higher into my stomache. What could this be?  can ibs cause burning and knots in stomach im 25 cant get pregnant for the past 3 years. no period since 10 Dec. 2013. pregnancy test says negative. what can i do? Why does a stomach virus usually occur in the middle of the night? I have shingles on my back and stomach. Can I still get a pedicure? stomach swollen and hair loss and lump on side of neck and extremly tired but no chance of pregnacy help please Stomach ache for a week? How does smoking marijuana on an empty stomach effects you My six week old son has continuous stomach issues. He spits up, throws up and has constant gas. I am a 50 year old male and my stomach looks like a 9 month pregnet lady and its very hard also, what is it Lexapro Withdrawl? Stomach pain and rumbling behind belly button, cramping and spasms! What's going on here? is stomach cancer related to lung cancer? My dog eats grass and then throws up. Is his stomach upset. He will not eat before he does it this could high LDL be because of pancreatitis can yrs of cronic stomach ulcer disease cause stomach cancer How to fix severely dry skin? a week ago tomorrow, slight pain in stomach, diarreah, clay colored, now its soild but still clay colored... concerns? I get a sharp pain in my right side just below my rib cage any time i take a deep breath or rotate my torso. what is it? My father, his brother, and their mother all passed away of appendiceal cancer. Told it can be hereditary; is it? Are STD's detected in a urine dipstick test?  Bloody stool help? what are the physical effects of drinking on an empty stomach? How do I tell the difference between my eczema and poison oak/ivey? They look so much alike! Is it true that everyone should have a bowel movement everyday or is everyone's system different due for my period 2 days ago. This past week I was nauseous in the morning, stomach feels crampy/bloated, negative test Teething Today I have period. But it should happen on 25th May.today is 4th June.  My boyfriend has a rash on his arm the next morning I woke up with the same rash on my stomach and its spreading further my 2 year old son is constipated, with a swollen stomach and a loss of appetite I am a 27 year old male and have had diahreah, and an upset stomach for 3 days now with a different meal each day.Ideas? In egg consuption how many a day is too many? Back Pain, Side pain under ribs rightside, What could it be? Why do it hurt in my lower stomach doing intercourse Been having stomach pains , but my period isn't up til the end of June , on birth control but sometimes I take it late Is this normal? My stomach is upset and sour and I am not geting my full 8 hours of sleep and if I'm moveing pain goes away or I forget is it safe to have sex laying on your stomach if your one month pregnant? I had all symptoms of ovulation 2/3 days after my period, is it possible? I have been having severe abdominal pain after every meal. What could it be? I have a red itchy rash on my back and stomach thats driving me crazy help what to do if daughter swallowed 5 pieces of chewing gum is it normal to have diarrhea when trying to move to a soft diet after a liquid diet What do I eat after gall bladder removal? IBS VS Pancreatits? i have symptoms of both , lately my stomach pain has gotten so severe ive debated on going to the ER Can I get pregnant from dry humping while I was ovulating? He didn't ejaculate CAN STOMACH TISSUE TEAR WHILE WORKING OUT Could I be preg? So it has probably been about 4 to 5 months now since I believe I have gotten pregnant. Can I get HIV from open mouth kissing that lasted one or two seconds? guy gently sucked my lips for two or three seconds This is killing me.I dont eat alot,but I do alot of excersies I never lose weight! my mom has stomach and colon cancer, she wants to color her hair. is this a good idea? had a period in april, spotted may, no period june and nothing for july yet. took a hpt 2wks ago negative. pregnant? Constipation, took a laxative. Laxative definatly worked now I have dark red blood coming out, why do I have blood? Left Shoulder pain, gas? Am I still pregant ? i have what i think is terrible gas - too many vegetables,extremely painful nothing helps not simethicone or antacids Pain is these signs of prenancy  i have this weird bubble like feeling under my ribs..my stomach looks bloated but not hard... how to prevent dysentery Really bad stomach pain, back shooting pains, very bad headaches = what possibly? What could cause an 18 year old female problems such as stomach pain and bloating, rapid weight loss, loss of appetite? I had a partial nephrectomy on May 8, 2014. For same reason I still have a great deal of swelling in my stomach area.. Can Ulcers Cause Chest Soreness or Pain?  My stomach is disabled so why am i still bloated? im 40yrs old.ive missed 2 straight periods.ive never been regluar.i have no symtoms of menopause..... severe stomach pain every morn. untill about noon time.  can stress and anxiety cause ibs. Recently had colonscopy and endoscopy everything fine.  constipation for 2 months, weightloss everywhere except stomach, fruit only diet for 2 weeks with no change. How to treat bad acid reflux? could i be pregnant? or could it be after effects from the depo shot Pain in upper right quadrant of abdomen may indicate what Extreme stomach pain accompanied with gas Itchy around anus and while ejaculating it is painful and lot of discomfort is there. discomfort in stomach and limbs  how does prednisone affect my weight loss Is Chest Binding for teenage girls safe? Symptoms stomach ache and elevated liver enzymes. Took indocin 3 x day for 6 days for migraines. Are these related? After endoscopy, blood in saliva I need some pretty immediate answers, please it started 3 weeks ago, im on birth control and blead/ spotted at wrong time, after that i started being nausious a lot how do I get rid of stomach cramps when I can't pass gas? I have stopped taking Celexa for 3 days because I cannot afford to go back to dr. for a refill. Any OTC meds I can take Opting out of chemotherapy after having total stomach removal due to stomach cancer? 3 year old. 12 days every time we give her food or liquid she gets bad tummy ache and vomits losing weight. What kind of food can I eat after a vires can a large does of antibiotics cause infection in the gut, they say she has an infection in the abdomian but unlocated Stomach ache for the past week? Stomach ache for the past week? Birth control causing stmach pains? I'm deydrated but have been drinking water constantly and instantly urinating it out. Also have diarreha, light headed I had sex about 4 weeks ago. He doesnt have an STD and didnt cum yet my stomach has been hurting since then. Why? Is it possible for one's stomach to expand to an enormous size after years of binging? I have never felt full. i passed two big blood clots and only had major stomach crams; does this mean i have had a miscarrage?  I have an extreme itch on my back with no visual signs at all. It itches and stings and spreads. Any idea what it is?  Why is it that this month once I finish eating my stomach growls? We Had Unprotected Sex 2 Days Ago. I Was Squirting But Could I Still Get Pregnant? Plus I Am Feeling Nauseous All Day. What viruses include these symptoms: headache, body aches, weakness, fever, loss of appetite, stomach pain, and nausea? First Usage of Birth Control Pills - Severe cramps and discomfort First Usage of Birth Control Pills - Severe cramps and discomfort First Usage of Birth Control Pills - Severe cramps and discomfort Can you get shin-splints at the end of cross country season? Could I be pregnant? lower right stomach pain? Why do i have extrem acid reflux and feel sick all the time as well as wind and discomfort Got food pois. 5 days ago. So bloated and stomach has been burning ever since. Diff. to eat anything. Thoughts? why do i get so ill when i get diarrhea My father has stomach cancer that spread everywhere. he hasn't or drank for 2 weeks now. Why wont the hospital keep him After waking up and using the restroom, I instantly have to vomit. Hi, I'm pregnant for 5 weeks. But I have so much cramp on my stomach, you you thinks I mite have a chance to miscarege? My doctor had me do a pill cam endoscopy. After looking at the pictures, he said my stomach was enlarged. Is this bad? isoniazid and impotency - don't want to talk to my doc for obvious reasons My stomach has been swelling and bulging and even making movement as if a babys inside of me but im not pregnant. can ibs cause migraines? I think i have an intestinal blockage. Have tried various laxitives for 8 days and am only getting small BM. Next step? is stomach pain after mutual masturbation normal? What causes bleeding in stool? 2 weeks 2 days late for AF i went to dr for a PT a few days ago and got a - my breast became very sore yesterday.  What's up with my tummy? Why am I not losing Inches? weight loss and anxity Is there a test for candida? My husband says pork makes his stomach ache, but he loves bacon. He says its only sometimes. Is he telling the truth? what fruit are okay for inflammed stomach Abdominal pain ,black watery stool, loss of appetite I noticed babies get upset stomachs when starting formula, and almost all brands contain soy. Is soy bad for babies? What could it be with my child (4yrs old) Cant keep anything down(food,fluids),with pain in his stomach and back? 