What should I do to prepare for a stress echo? How can I reduce stress when I have breast cancer? What causes stress among breast cancer patients? What are the warning signs of stress? How can I manage my stress when I have cancer? How can I tell if anxiety or stress is the reason for my insomnia? Do men and women handle stress differently? Once Im stressed, how can I calm myself? What is the role of sleep in stress? How does positive self talk break the stress cycle? Do stress reduction techniques work? How can I know when my stress has crossed a threshold into full blown anxiety? How can I stop stress from building up? My lower leg has been itching, and Ive had slow-healing sores, for five years. Is it related to high stress at work? It costs a lot each time I go see the counselor. My job is slow and my check is small. How can I deal with the stress? Does stress really cause rapid aging? Can you get sick to your stomach when you are stressed or having a panic attack? Could stress be causing my problem of choking when I eat? How does stress affect a pregnancy and the unborn baby? How can eating walnuts help my body cope with stress? Can post-traumatic stress disorder affect the adrenal glands? I have PTSD, and have difficulty handling stress. My wife has been mixing alchohol, Celexa and xanax in the evenings to deal with stress and anxiety. Can anyone help me? On birth control for 8 yrs never missed period, barely spotted last time, two negative pregnancy tests, whats wrong? my girl friend has severe pain in her lower right side, appendix is gone, 3 kids, 40 years old.  Does marijuana (cannabis) smoking hurt your immune system?? HELP Why would somoene experience pain on the left side of their chest? I had a normal period about a week after intercourse, then another a month later, than 2 months later spotting. Problem? what happens if a woman has her period more than a month? Is it safe to take Thyroid Support by Natra Bio? it works for the reasons i took it, but it IS self prescribed. My last period I was under a lot of stress,dryness and burning in private place, hurts during intercourse, what can I do I am 45, had tubal ligation 15 years ago and am 2 months late, could I be pregnant? What can be the cause of facial pain and tingling? Can you be so sressed or freaked out that you pass out completely? Why do I hear my heartbeat in my ears whenever I get even slightly stressed? Will a fluid diet of 1-2weeks help eczema? How do I stop picking my hair out? And, what kind of medication could I use to grow my hair back? Read the details, I can't write it all in here. When i get stressed or upset, i sometimes cant breathe for long periods of time and pass out, whats wrong? Are there physical symptoms for overwhelming guilt? 7 weeks after concussion still have nausea, blurry vision. I have been yawning a lot, and my face has been hot, ears red What does it mean when your heart palpatations have become more frequent? I'm about 5 weeks pregnant and I am experiencing menstrual like cramping could I be miscarrying? 38 days late for period. Stress hasn't been bad (compared to previously). All HPT are negative. What else could it be? Been on Birth Control for 3 months now, this is the first month my period has been late, is this normal?  i am now 14 days late, i took a test this morning and it was negative. For the last two days I keep smelling bleach everywhere at odd times, Is this a sympton I should be concerned about? can someone get pregnant if the condom didn't bust. sharp pain in my rotator cuff what does that mean? Ate glass. Freaked out and puked. Now, it feels like there is acid in my stomach all the time. Am I going to die? Can stress impair functions of the brain? And if so, is it temporary or permanent? What can cause a period to be late? Why do I feel lightheaded, fatigued, and sweat during sleeping (no fever)? I've had chest/neck/back pain recently with bad headaches, does this sound like stress or something more? I have a "bump" swelled slightly in arm-pit area. It's sore, redish and I can pinch it with a couple fingers or so.  Could I be pregnant without penetration? I am 11 days late, 2 tests both NEG. My breasts are very sensitve I am getting upset, One way or another I want answers are seizures stress related missed period but negative test for pregnancy, am I pregnant or is something wrong with me? Pregnancy symptoms, missed period, sickness, but nipple stimulations. Not sure? i have a prescription for xanax for anxiety is it better to take as needed or on a daily basis? need expert advice so stressed out its unreal Body turns bright red and burning sensation then sever itching as fast it comes on it goes away but may linger  My boyfriend has stress related anxiety attacks, how do i stop them? I am suffering from sleep disorders for the past 1 year, having bags/dark circles, breakouts on skin, what to do? Are there techniques to help panic attacks, or maybe an at home supplement? Please help me.  I have slight numbness on the right side of my head. Should I be really worried or what could it be? I'm 21, my menstrual cycles have been about 17 days long the past 4 months. Could this be from stress or depression? Can tailbone pain be cause by stress? Period is late... Am I pregnant? I'm bipolar - I'm afraid itmaybe mis-diagnosed as an aneurysm, i get this pain in my head in between breaths Which is the best herbal solution for men's fertility enhancing? My 5 y/o is always complaining of stomach pains, what could it be? A tapeworm? galbladder issues? One depo shot on Nov. 20, 2012 next shot was due Feb. 20, 2013. Have not had a period since January. I am haveing dark brown discharge but my period ended a couple days ago y? Can I be pregnant if I had sex two days before my expected period? I'm 18, sexually active, and on birth cntrol. I haven't had my period for a few months. Why? I'm experiencing mood swings, stress, resstlessness, tiredness, sadnes and, lack of motivation. Whats going on? I had a sharp pain in side/back of my head at base of skull-2 inches behind ear. It feels bruised now. Stress headache? Why does Fiber makes me constipated?  Am trying to have a baby , nd my last period was 4-10-13 ,Am 9 days late ,my cycle is normaly 28days, took a test nd neg Can you become pregnant 3 days before your period? Could I be pregnant? I have lost a lot of weight due to stress/depression. What can I take to help me gain my weight back? how do i cure stress and anxiety Can Depression ruin sex drive ? After having sex i bled no idea why? i have 3 kids and i am 35 yrs old. boyfriend has been fixed for 8 1/2 yrs now. No pregnancy symptoms. Should I be worried? can having Varicocele make my testicle pull up higher than normal when standing how do i get help if no one will help me, i have no insurance and im always in debt, i have really bad stress issues. expected survival rate for someone with bone and breast cancer who is under stress but going through treatment am i pregnant Can I Be Pregnant Is my girlfriend pregnant? Or should I stop stressing and worrying? will xanax help with my stress If I have alot of anger, stress and emotional baggage, what is the best sport I could exercise or learn to help me vent? My husband gets fevers a lot more often than me when he has a cold. Fever very rare for me. Why? what does it mean if my period is a week late? is stress worse then smoking during pregnancy? I am a 55 year old woman, not menopausal, not overly stressed. I am biploar. What is causing increased forgetfullnes On 8/11 I hit my coccyx really hard on a rock and it still hurts. Should I be concerned? Does stress cause gray hair? what kind of drug can erase bad memories? I missed my period but im not sexually active? I got my period Sept 1st n usual bleeding n bloating. No bleeding until the 6th day. Why? What to us for Birth control in women over 50? can i get a second opinion if my doctor doesn't what to see me for my seizures? He only seen me once since the hospital. depression raised area of skin on labia before period I am 18 and i had unprotected sex, but no cum anywhere, period is three days late, what does this mean?  Can I take A anti depressant with my adderall? Can having a vasectomy affect a person with post tramatic stress? How can I help myself? Things like exercise, meditation (stress relief) and proper diet? It is getting very distracting Twenty-four year old daughter losing hair. Tested positive for auto immune, but negative for lupus. Any suggestions? My systolic pressure is 124 and my diastolic pressure us 114. Why is the diastolic so high? Should people get "regular" CT scans (or some other head scan) to check for tumors in the brain (before its too late) I was screened early for gestational diabetes 10w it came back high, so now I do the 3 hour. I'm worried and scared. Can genital herpes cause chronic insomnia? Can stress cause fevers in toddlers I have upper back of the neck pain and upper back/shoulder pain. Feels like I need to pop my neck/back, but when i do.. MRSA and causes Im 32 yrs female, my doctor just told me that my HDL is low and my vitamin D is low as well What are Causes for low Libido for men in early 20s  whats my chances of being pregnant if i used a condom and no ejaculation. i'm very paranoid. my husband is struggling with the loss of sensation in his penis, can this come back? it's causing him severe depression Can my girlfriend be pregnant?  I have had tingling on my left fingers for about 2 months did stress test back in Sept results normal. What can it be? Can a home pregnancy test be positive before you miss a period?  are floaters as a result of vitamin deficiency or stress can bells palsy or ramsey hunt syndrome be caused by the extreme fatigue and stress what can cause a light menstral cycle? what can cause the blood to be very light in color? The Dr. called my mothers bleeding ulcer a stress ulcer. What does that mean? IM having a lot of issues latley and im not sure if its serious or if its stress related. is there something wrong? I went from 135# to 115# in 2 mo., since my husbands death. Can this sudden weight loss and/or stress affect my vision? how fast does the depot- shot work? How long does it take the depo-provera to be in effect I have recently noticed hair thinning (24 year old male). i think its due to poor diet/sleep. How long til it grows back panic/anxeity attack or something else? Can stress bring on a outbreak of hives? Does stress cause gallstones? My 18 year old son has a cast on his wrist, single fracture - clean break. is it wise to take a fly fishing course? I havent gotten my period in 2 months ! If I dont get it for a third month should i go see my doctor? If i've been working alot.. Have some stress and partial dehydration, can i lose an erection during intercourse? Female, 26, hair thinning all over head since teenager. Thyroid is normal, no health issues. Tried vitamins, topicals. will quit smoking stress the baby am i pregnant? Lately I've been experiencing cramps in the back of my thighs and buttocks. I have taking Simvistatin for 4 years now.  Can gardening help with PTSD?  I am going through menopause and cant seem to gain any weight. I am 5'2" and 98 lbs. I have no appetite at all. HELP! In dec. when ovulating I had sex. I was 5 days late but not pregnant. This month it happened again. What is going on? does stress affect a PSA reading is it normal to have dizzy spells after a severe nervous/stress breakdown? Why do I want to say one thing and say something else especially when stressed or angry or nervous ?  I took a few puffs of a cigarette and have a possible nicotine test in 36 hrs  I wake up from deep sleep, breathing heavily, with a rapid heartbeat. swelling on left side of penis, better recently but still stressed about it hello doctor, My name is Bharat . I am feeling very bad and inactive since six months. Crisis dentist? When is it safe to resume oral sex after having a cold sore? I feel a choking sensation in my throat Doxycycline potential Liver damage im only 18 and this is my first child. will i have to stop dranking soda and eating hot chips? Why does my penis get thin in the middle sometimes, only when flaccid/semi errect state? Is stress causes Acne? I am 24 years old and I have issues maintaining an erection At what point is strenious and stressfull work too much during pregnancy? how long can panic and anxiety attacks last if not medicated Today I have period. But it should happen on 25th May.today is 4th June.  can stress cause pancreatitis? I didnt get my period this is the second one i missed and i am a virgin so cant be pregnent Pregnant from no intercourse?? Do I have an addiction? I used to watch porn and ejaculate once to sleep most days for about 10 years. Missed Period by 3 weeks.  The condom fell off as I was pulling out for the final time need help with pains in my chest; what does it mean when you have cramps under your ribcage? Swollen feet and shortness of breath are new symptoms of a 85 yr old who has congestive heart failure. Hallucenations while sleeping and sleep walking at 21 years old? can stress and sleeplessness have anything to do with a moderate to severe nosebleed? Can you have a panic attack without the extreme panic? bad migraine for 4 days now, been to ER doc said he wasn't worried about it being anything serious. still worried. Help? bad migraine for 4 days now, been to ER doc said he wasn't worried about it being anything serious. still worried. Help? WHAT SHOULD I DO TO REDUCE MY STRESS? Had sex 1x each day for week. Got period day after this week. Could I be pregnant? I sometimes feel breathless when sleeping on my side, but I don't know if it's a health problem or just stress. Could stress cause Polycythemia Vera? Does stress cause hair loss if my job can cause anxiety and stress can stress and anxiety cause ibs. Recently had colonscopy and endoscopy everything fine.  I was diagnos with type 1 genital herpes 3 years ago and now thinks it has reocurred.Will the sores go away on thier own Can you get Hives from being pregnant and stressed out. Is this really the cause for the hives? OB/GYN says it is.  Why have i had no periods for months? Where can I get help with severe OCD, PTSD, and other problems when I have nobody/no money and I am afraid of myself? Several questions....1).What happens to the libidio after the initial ejaculation.  My 44-yr old boyfriend needs oral stimulation in order to get hard. Is this normal? i have UC/Crohns Disease. what are some things for me to consider when getting a flu shot? Can stress cause pregnancy symptoms? Can stress cause limb weakness? Why am I not menstruating? Not Sleeping. Ambien CR, Melatonin, TylonolPM etc don't work. Frustrated, stressed, in pain. Doc doesn't know. Help! We were at friends house Saturday were informed Sunday their kid has lice. How much more need I stress? Why am I losing my erection? Job related stress leads to depression? is chocolate bad for the liver? Continous signs of yeast infection, took disflucian before period for 4 days, then started period, and symptoms are back Bleeding between periods. Bright red blood, much like a regular period. Not on birth control, had a tubal 4yrs ago. 27yo I am having woozy, headache, lightheaded on and off all day for the last 8 years. Do you have any advise?  Does Prozac cause hair loss Chest tightness and constant need to take deep breaths Anal sphincter and bladder always tight What's up with my tummy? I got bitten by a spider or something like it years ago on my thumb. Redness and itching keeps coming up. How do I get a doctor to pay attention to my memory issues? can stress and anxiety cause vertigo I'm depressed and when I can't take anymore I get suicidal, but I can not physically harm myself untill I snap. Why? Could it be stress? Would that make me bleed an slight pain?? Its light red blood an a little bit of clotting does stress cause low zinc levels? Is there a connection between stress and canker sores, and what can I do to treat them and prevent future outbreaks? 