What are the risks of epilepsy surgery? What happens after breast cancer surgery? What is heart surgery? Is weight loss surgery right for me? Will plastic surgery make my vagina smaller? Is a medical spa the right place for invasive surgery? What can be done if I have a mild form of pelvic organ prolapse, or do not want to have surgery? What about surgery for pelvic organ prolapse? How effective Is hemorrhoid surgery? I have had breast reduction surgery, but I am developing keloid scars on my breast. What can I do about it? I had under-eye surgery 14 years ago. The skin under my eyes is now wrinkled and loose. How can I tighten under my eyes? What I should do to get rid of eye puffiness? And if Im looking for cosmetic surgery, do I need general anesthesia? What are the things that I can do to recover more quickly from cosmetic surgery? When should I expect to see my doctor after my surgery? What medications and foods should I avoid before surgery? Why does a faster surgery produce a better outcome? Its cheaper, but is it safe to have my surgery performed overseas? Can facial surgery be done at the same time as a chemical peel? Should I pay for a cosmetic surgery consultation? How can I be sure my cosmetic surgery will be safe? Do penile enlargement surgeries work? What are the side effects of prostate surgery? What type of chair would be most comfortable as I recover from back fusion surgery? If I am going to have heart surgery, what questions should I ask my surgeon and cardiologist? How long should I wait after my pregnancy before having cosmetic surgery? Is it safe to have cosmetic surgery while breastfeeding?  Is it safe to have cosmetic surgery when you are pregnant? Im still struggling to achieve an erection without the use of Cialis. How long can I expect this to be the case? My oncologist recommended a CT scan to check for other possible cancer. Should I be worried about radiation exposure? After undergoing treatments and surgery for my stage IIIA colorectal cancer, is it likely that it will come back again? What can I expect after heart surgery? What are some cheaper alternatives to plastic surgery for youthful skin? I have had two back surgeries and am pain-free except for some stiffness. What exercises can I do to play tennis again? When is the right time for elective plastic surgery? Could minor surgery cause signs of multiple sclerosis exacerbation, such as clumsiness, dizziness, and muscle spasms? Are there any issues with having da Vinci prostate surgery if you already have ulcerative colitis?  I am having some minor urinary incontinence after having prostate sugery. How do I handle sex in this situation? What surgery options do I have for Multiple Sclerosis MS? Can I take Vicodin if I have had gastric bypass surgery?  While undergoing da Vinci robotic hysterectomy, can stress incontinence surgery also be done?  How long must surgery tape be in place after a nose job? Can fillers replace plastic surgery? My 6-year-old's surgery is postponed because the lab says it can't draw blood from her "rolling veins." What now? What is involved in surgery for stomach cancer? How should my doctor offer TLC before surgery? What can I do if I'm insured and still can't get life-saving surgery? Do women in their 20s need cosmetic surgery for aging? I still cant move my shoulder fully after surgery 3 months ago and the rotation is not full. How long should it take? When is knee replacement surgery needed? My wife is considering surgery for itchy, painful keloid scars, after shots didn't help. Is that the best option?  How long does it take for all the swelling to be gone after cosmetic surgery? I had maxillofacial surgery, and have metal plates in my face. Can I receive laser hair removal on my chin and lip area? Ive had two bypass surgeries in the last two years and have eight stents. How many open heart surgeries can I have?  Is surgery the only way to get rid of stretch marks?  Besides surgery, is there anything you can do to reduce spider veins in the legs?  I need to quit smoking 30 days prior to upcoming surgery. Could Chantix interfere with my surgery?  I had under-eye surgery 14 years ago. Now my eyes are puffy, and the skin is wrinkled and loose. How can I tighten them? What options are there if Im a recovering addict scheduled for major surgery? Can surgery correct hidden or buried penis? What guidelines are there for women who are planning, or have had, mesh surgery for prolapse? Can you get pregnant after gastric bypass surgery? Is it possible to get Gastric Bypass Surgery with Eosinophilic Esophagitis? How long can I safely go without having surgery when the symptoms of gallbladder pain begin?  Could I be pregnant? I have an embedded Mirena IUD and have had unprotected sex. Can you drink alcohol after gastric bypass surgery? If you have had a fundiplication can you have gastric bypass surgery? what can cause a dull menstrual like cramp pain on right side of pelvic area? when having carpal tunnel surgery how long are you out of work? I'm having surgery friday. is it ok if i get a flu shot thursday ???? can you take advil the night before ablation surgery Had surgery with general anesthesia and eyes taped closed. Now have a blood blister-looking spot on my eyelid. Normal? I had a chemical stress test. Many things are good, normal or fine except ECG is abnormal. What does this mean?  Can I get pregnant? When do I know I am ovulating? A girl had genital HPV 1 year ago. After treating, her doctor said she was cured. Can she have sex? Male 70 multiple surgeries 10 surgeries in last 4 years - how do I help him regain his strength and mental abilities? why would a person's lungs explode How much protein should I take in daily after the gastric sleeve weight loss surgery? Why am I losing my hair after weight loss surgery and how do I stop it? how cani enlarge my breast without surgery or creams? My ACL is detached from its femoral attachment. Lateral Miniscle is torn - Grade 3. Would you suggest surgery or rest ? didn't addresssed head injury right away diagnosed with swelling in the brain treatment with Temadol and chemotherapy. If within surgery, your liver is cut open and not closed, what could happen? I had ablation surgery, should I undergo cardiac stress test, and nuclear stress test? I am afraid it will damage more. The heel of one foot is very sore when I walk on it. Could this be related to my back surgery? what age is best for gastric bypass What happens to a person whose carotid artery is so blocked surgery is not possible? Where can someone with multiple medical diet restrictions go to create a plan taylored to their specific health issues? Should I wear a knee brace since I had surgery and now have OA I had Carpal Tunnel Syndrome surgery at least 10 yrs ago both hands.Now my rt hand tingles again can the CT grow back? Is Ovarian cancer agressive? How quickly do symptoms start to show? Is there an oral surgey used to treat trigeminal neuralgia? is trendleburg position advisible for abdominal surgery on patients with cervical herniated discs can I go for a 3 hour car ride after having laser surgery for varicose veins? it would be 3 days afterward. what can cause night sweat to where i have to change clothes? i am 39 and still have normal periods every month? what is a c-spine injury and do i need surgery to correct it? After nasal surgery typically how long will the packing stay in your nose?  Do I still have kidney stones? I have Hidradenitis Suppurativa. I am looking treatment(s) of this condition. Can prp(palete ridge plasma) procedure take care of a torn meniscus, or should I have surgery? Will the skin of an obese person age 45 mold back to normal after having lap band surgery? Had surgery 10/3. Incision is really red, tender and a little yellow puss is there. Should I have it looked at? How do you lift saggy breast up without surgery? How long does imodium stay in your system i have a scar that i am insecure about. What should I do for the pain and to cure my sinusitus? Can a woman conceive a child and give birth after having an ovary removed? Lost 50lbs since 4/12 injured my back and had surgery in 9/12 and probably again in 12/12. How do I keep the weight off? what is the likelihood of arthritis in joints near the base of fractured metatarsals #2 and #3? Why do I have a numb face after anesthesia? how is it possible that results from 2 biopsy were cancerous tissue and after surgery results were fine  longevity of a knee replacement what happens if the Surgical mesh from a hernia surgery from 10 years ago starts to cause pain My doctor left the facility she used to be at and they claim they don't know where she went?  I have diabetes and am going to have knee replacement surgery, what do I need to know and what can I expect What the natural cure for swelling after surgery? how do i get strength back after hip replacement Is there a corrective surgery for a circumcision that did not heal properly? When Viagra and other ED treatments fail what can help with premature ejaculation? I currently take suboxone but I am having oral surgery can I take vicodin or percocet also? Having pain on right side along bottom of rib cage. What are possible causes Endometriosis-I've had 2 surgeries (findings were small) and still have a huge amount of pain. Can it be anything else? I have bile salt diarrhea after gallbladder surgery and very bad GERD. Are there any supplements that will help?Enzymes? I'm not sure if I ever had chicken pox as a child and am very concerned whether I should get the preventive shot. Is surgery an option for those having deep vein varicose? Only option is just wear the leg stockings whole life? I ve slipped disks since 4 yrs I dont have leg numbness but back pain.Does slip disks transform into cancer in long run I had a twisted ovary removed when i was 16, what are the chances of it happening again? how long should you wear compression stockings after hip replacement surgery I had prostate cancer surgery 11 months ago. I am still having problem with incontinence. Is this normal In 5 months I may have gastric bypass but I want a child more. I dont want to wait 1.5 yrs 2try, but would it be better? recurring bartholin gland cyst/abcess, please help!!! is there anyway to stop these?  recurring bartholin gland cyst/abcess, please help!!! Is there anything I can do to prevent scaring BEFORE abdominal surgery?? I am going to have surgery and I have a boil. Should I go? I have 5 Days to get rid of it. is it safe to have carpal tunnel surgery on both hands at the same time to have less time off of work? how to soften internal scar tissue I have a keloid on my chest but don't know what kind it is and want to get rid of it Can you take cold Medicine before a knee surgery? sack of fluid in scrotum. Previously had surgery for strangled testicle. Several periods in just under two months. what causes breast size difference, and can it be corrected without surgery? 1 1/2 difference in cup size. I started spottingbrown watery discharge - close to 8 days after the last day of my periods.  any Ideas on whats causing my knee replacement to hurt so bad read below After laproscopic surgery should I be having sharp burning pains and also chest pains?  around back,had lower lumbar surgery L3-L5,to releve pressure on nerver,did not help,any ideas? Can you get a sore shoulder after not using that arm for two months? is a perforated bowl death an accidental death ? how do you care for an open wound after basal cell cancer surgery on your scalp? I had ankle surgery 8 yrs ago--6 screws and a plate. Now I have swelling and pain. Why, after all this time? For the past week I watch my calorie intake and been going to the gym. I have gained 5lbs! Feeling unmotivated. Help! how concerned should I be about a blood sugar level of 335 about 2 hours after dinner? My sinus is blocked on the left side of my face. How dod I get this to drain without having surgery for the last 5 months the area just behind the heel towards the bridge of my feet are so sore and painful that i stwh I'm 54. How do I decide between osteotomy and knee replacement? Husband's ACL and meniscus in right knee are tore. I need some ab exercises he can do without moving his legs, please. Is there a topical ointment (over the counter) that I can get to help heal a pulled muscle? I have a larger than normal mons pubis and I was wondering if there was any way to reduce the size without surgery? had surgery a year ago can not work or stand or move with out pain in stomacke since no medication is working what is it how to pay for medical procedures if i am a foreigner without insurance Recenlty had abdominal surgery, a partial colonectomy. Penis and testicles are now mishapen, swollen, and discolored.  how soon after open surgery for a inguinal hernia can i have sex again? should my primary prevent me from having bunion surgery because of a hemogolbin of 8.6 Would like to hear more about Post-Polio Syvdrome. Do you have more info? Can you revese gallbladder dysfunction? can you have rotator cuff surgery with acute broonchtis Being intibated for surgery in 6 hours. would a cup of coffee hurt me right now? Could my ankle ligament be torn again? How long will you recover from hernia surgery. what would cause pain in abdoman and mid-back area, streching or taking deep breaths, after gallbladder removal surgery? How do you treat a chipped knee cap (patella) ? Do I need surgery? Xrays confirmed the chip (s). why are sweets easier to digest?  I had surgery last week im wondering if im able to take of the abdominalbinder to wash it because it smells? Inguinal Hernia Surgery recovery: Ejaculation 5 days after: experienced sharp pains and testicle is now swallen, help? Can a yeast infection cause blisters?  Had laporscopy surgery 3 weks ago have warmnes in both legs a circle on low belly bruise color -inside skin color help? In carpal tunnel surgery they cut the ligament on the wrist. Don't we need this to function? I had hernia surgery 10 yrs ago. a noticed a little round ball recently near the incesion area. Should I be concerned? Can my partner and I have sex with HPV? Are there any treatments for panic disorder above and beyond therapy and medication? I'm desperate.  Ifeel gases in the stomach Even that did not eat anything , and much after eating every day  Think I have opioid induced hyperalgesia. Noticed Lortab is making pain from L4/5 area worse. Help!  hemorroids were bleeding for a week, and doctor said he needs to remove them but I don't have money. Can I take Vicodin and Xanax the day before surgery have torn tendon from bone in shoulder. pain and discomfort and limited use. Should I have surgery to repair? My nose was broken a couple of times playing football. Now sinus over right eye will not drain. Surgery needed? How long does it take to heal a tibia plateau fracture with minimal depression? How long to wear knee immobilizer? Does cold weather cause more pain in the wrists after having carpal tunnel surgery (one year ago)? I had a heavy, long lasting period in dec now im 4 days late with lots of pregnancy symptoms? If I Cannot Afford Tubal Ligation Reversal Surgery So How to Get Financial Help? herniated disk: what is alternative to surgery? which of the 2 would be more beneficial in diagnosis, xray or mri? Can i be pregnant if my boyfriend didn't ejaculate inside me? how to stop taking neurontin I have pain, stiffnes and weakness in hands and fingers. X-ray did not show inflamationn or degnerative arthritis What happens to your singing voice after spinal stenosis surgery?  I have a pilonidal sinus above my normal anal cavity. Can it be filled/removed surgically? I'm 18 and will soon get breast tissue removed from my armpits. Should I be worried about scarring because I'm so young? Prior to having hip replacement surgery, how soon should the patient refrain from eating and drinking? after leg stent surgery. how long to recover. why am I always dropping things whats the medical term for when sperm swim backwords? How painful is a leg amputation below the knee,the surgery and rehab? hernia surgery,dark redness in penis shaft.looks like blood build up? No pain and incision area looks clean and well. My left ankle bends to the left. This causes pain in my ankle, the bottom of my foot and my big toe. Dr suggests surgery lump in submandibular gland. bled this am. brown spot on whartons duct. At what age should you stop having colonoscopies if you have no symptoms of bowel trouble? is it better to have an arthritic toe joint replaced or fused? Is rubber band litigation used in external hemorrhoids? can a man lactate I've been taking norco post mouth surgery. It's making me really itchy. Is that ok? I had a colon resection and am having problems. I have some questions. my husband just had surgetry done on his legs to get 2 big masses off now he is short breath, dizzy, rapid heart beat I am having surgery Monday morning, and my whole family is sick with a cold. What can I take to keep from getting sick? Having surgery and they said to not take aspirin products, Does that include Plavix (clopidogr tb)? woman with stabbing pain in lowre left abdomin almost groin what occurs when one's ammonia levels is too high I still have pain and swelling at 8 weeks post op from total knee replacement surgery. Any suggestions to help? what is the problem when spouse doesn't want to apologize for anything and goes days with out speaking to wife or son. Ive had 2 prior knee surgeries to replace/ repair an ACL injury. I now have constant pain in my knee, how do I stop this Carpal Tunnel Post-op Pain--Am wondering if it really takes a year or > from open-release CT surgery to be pain-free? total hysterectomy over 20 yrs. ago.Having night sweats mood swings.can i be going through some sort of menopause age 51 Can a third metacrapal fracture be fixed 5 years later? Had my Cubital tunnel operation 5 month ago. my elbow is still numb and the incision area is itchy and purple can you get pregnant when you have ovarian cists and your tubes are twisted My dad has chronic hiccups for the last 2 months, every 5 seconds. Nothing has worked from his doctor. Specialist? Should a male with enlarged breasts wear a bra? I had Gastric By-pass surgery in 2005; haven't had much follow up. Which blood tests and levels need to be checked? How do I straighten a bent nose without surgery? why is sex so painful and then I start to bleed? I had surgery for abdominal adhesions ten years ago and depend on laxatives. Is there anything I can do to reduce my gas I have artritis in the spine. I have been in severe pain at night in my knees and elbows. I cant lift my arm past chest. how long of a shelf life does acimedidine/hydrocodone 10 have..mine is from 2008...can i still use it shaky feelng, unsteady walking, tired, uncontrollable muscle movements, recent achalasia surgery, hit head unconsc I had mitral valve repair heart surgery 2 months ago. Lately I have been blacking out severely after using drugs(addict) how can i get rid of my saggy inner vagina lips without any surgery? can i get cancer in lower abdomin even though i have had historectamy? Female 29 yrs advised diagnostic surgery for brain tumour and fluid collection at 2-3 places in brain. Advise ? My labia is swollen and red. Should I have surgery to correct it? I am 35 years old had tubal ligation done almost 3 years ago. I missed my period 10 days late, could I be pregnant? Strange dent under kneecap Mysterious Numbness  Can birth control (nuvaring, Yaz, Gianvi and Beyaz) cause compartment syndrome in the legs? Why do surgeons use old scars to perform surgery instead of making a brand new cut? What are the benefits? I have been on pain meds four years and dr changed position.The new dr cut me in half and acts relunctant to fill meds? My 4 year old was diagnosed with descending testicals. has this already affected his fertility? what can I do to lose weight since I can't exercise because of a back problem.  Is it possible for someone to lose part of their faculties after a serious surgery? what happens if i dont do the sinus surgery the dr said i need i am on a high dose of opiates for orthopedic pain. will doctor consider prescribing adderall to help with somnolence? My husband ears are turning purple when he laids down. what can cause this ? I get a severe headache anytime I lay down. I am now resorting to sleeping in my recliner. Any ideas? sinusitis - I have had chronic sinus pain in my face and ears daily for 4 years - what else can I do? What exact size portions are you suppose to eat after gastric bypass surgery?. Tendonitis surgery done now pain up to collar bone and numbness. Test showed pinched nerve in elbow. Can I control pain How far down do doctors cool your body for a major heart surgery? Do they cool it down to the freezing point? i am 22 years old,i have a lazy eye,but i didnt recognize it in my chldhood,is there any remedy for dat like a surgery How to avoid a C section Is 14 days too long to wait to have Stage II Melanoma surgically removed? My dad had his bladder removed due to cancer. Has a urostomy. Now after 4 years he has blood from his penis and pain I have not had ear wax for several years, yet I have constant sinus problems and pressure in my ears, what should I do? I am getting my wisdom teeth removed in a few days, but I am getting a blocked nose/cold. Can I still have the surgery? how long does it take to recover from rotator cuff surgery I had lasik surgery 8 yrs ago and my eye doctor said that when you turn 40 you will still need to wear reading glasses I was diafnosed with varicocoele last December and it can be felt only on palpation. No pain. Do I need a surgery? Is it safe to have an orgasm (manually, not by penetration) during 4 week recovery period after an endometrial ablation? sevear lower left abdomin pain almost groin. Started 48 hrs ago. pain increasingly getting worse. I had Oral surgery 22 days ago and the surgeon used dissolvable stitches, Should they still be in my mouth? gastritis/vomiting/constant abdominal pain--Endoscopy done, nuclear scan done, 2 ER visits all show belly full of bile. 12.5 years ago I had surgery for genital warts (anal). No recurrences. No precancerous cells. Can I still pass on HPV? My grandpa has been taking acetaminophen pills for 10-15 years. What do we do if he's addicted? I am having surgery on the 13 to take out a 10cm solid mass from my uterus ... Has anyone else had this done  Is it safe to leave shingles untreated? Will my broken collarbone ever be healed to 100%? Do fallen arches require surgery to correct, especially if the inner ankle is swollen and always feels 'sprained?' Pounding Heart After Eatting, Walking Up Steps Heart Races And Short Of Breath I had appendix operation 3 weeks back, but I am still having pain on right and left side. I also have PCOS. why? I broke my 5th metatarsal 5 months ago it still hurts what should I do? Did I break it again? 5/15/13 endometriosis surgery, 7/5/13 lupron inj., severe cramping 8 days, horrible pain, never started period, normal? After surgery I am still bloated (pressure) acid reflux and now constipation, what gives? What are cirrhotic nodules on my liver? what does it mean if an anastomosis is found to be "patent"? My PCP and Ortho requests weight loss sugery, will this new insurance cover this?  How long will pain last after tonsillectomy? does Medicare cover cataract surgery Anesthesia risky for 6 yo? My husband gets fevers a lot more often than me when he has a cold. Fever very rare for me. Why? how soon can I safely color my hair after surgery for a brain aneurysm? Have fractured pelvis healing time My vagina doesn't lubricate itself and I can't orgasm. Should I see an obgyn? How do I fix myself? medication? Surgery? What does the surgery entail for the person donating the liver? how long does valerian root stay in the system Kenalog injetions DURING facelift to preemt scaring. Won't hold stitchs. i have had many tests but unless cobalt poisoning is answer cannot figure out the painful tingling in all fingers. Are vitamins blood thinners what is the easiest way to remove a gauze dressing from a drain site? Just had gallbladder surgery on monday Can I take a shower yet? It's friday now. Is it possible to get carpal tunnel disease again on the same wrist, even if it had surgery? 2wks ago a GI said I've a small hiatal hernia, but I've vomited everytime I've eaten for 5mths. Should I be concerned? Broken foot healed improperly (twice.) Should I see a doctor?  what is the average time a person will have pain after knee surgery will medicare cover surgery for osteonecrosis of the jaw I have Strabismus and was wondering if L.A Care can pay for my eye surgery? How much would it cost for me to get ingrown toenails removed from both big toes, if I have anthem blue cross insurance? What kind of surgery would you have for a pinched nerve in your leg What to us for Birth control in women over 50? can fluid retention cause high blood pressue can gender be determined by a blood test? I have always had orgasms until my bladder msh removal in April of this yr.started sex in July not an orgasm one?. My Mom is 57 years old. She cant walk for over 22 years. She's paraplegic. Is there any chance she walk again.?Thank you My left index finger (injured a year ago while weeding) turns white every time I get chilled or handle cold items...why? what can be done for inhibited ejaculation? what pain relievers can i take for joint pain before surgery? Had open heart surgery last monthThere is a hard lump on right side where sturnmum meets 4th rib Pains only on movement How To Regain My Breast Stiff After Giving Birth To A Boy?  Worst case scenerio for untreated endometrial cyst? I am having severe bleeding with periods and have an ongoing period and am passing clots and grayish tissue Should I have an infected cyst lanced now if I have an appt with a surgeon in 2 weeks? Is there a doctor In Mississippi who does gastric bypass surgery that Medicaid will pay for the procedure. My daughter is taking hyrdocodone 7.5/325 due to wisdom teeth surgery. Can Motrin be taken with this? If so, how much?  is full open shoulder rotator cuff surgery with 6 anchors considered extensive can hypothyroidism cause restless legs Does prednisolone cause puffiness around the eyes and face after taking for cataract surgery how long will my pain last after having carpal tunal surgery Mom (72) had complete hysterectomy due to uterine cancer. She is very bloated and cannot pass gas to get relief. Help? will marijuana in system stop surgery Child had been immunized for chickenpoks and came in contact with shingles virus during contagious stage can they get it I had double hernia/tummy tuck I have pain every day now with an open wound that never closed and is getting bigger Why do you stop taking Milk Thistle prior to surgery Should a person have surgery for a ruptured appendix Should you let scabs dry out on their own or keep them moist. Constant cracking results in blood I had foot surgery 3 years ago and recently the same region of the foot that was operated on is hurting. It's been 22 years, should I get my umbilical hernia fixed? how long are surgeons liable for failed surgery? Is it true that when Obamacare takes effect, that Medicare will no longer pay for Cataract surgery?  am i better off to have open heart surgery before a heart attack Had spinal fusion surg. in July. No more pain but can't regain leg strength with recomend exercises. any suggestions? what is appendicolith Painful sex after no sex for 3 years and after prolapse sugery Hper aroused, pelivic prolaps surgery 5 weeks ago, need to orgasm myself Now, safe What are my risk of having testicular cancer? How long does it take to wake up after thyroid surgery? Abdominal pain frequent bowel movements and burping diagnosed with hematoma following hernia surgery. Swelling and pain continue. Should I return to doctor Is a low grade fever one week after surgery normal what dr should I see for nerve damage in the foot? Are there side effects of multiple hernia repairs? torn ligaments/ broken fibula clothing to wear when arm in sling Do surgeons look for marijuana in a urine test during Pre-Admission testing for open hip surgery? Should I tell my anesthesiologist?? Can a male have sex before inguinal hernia surgery is it good or bad? how long before he can have sex after surgery? treatment for anal fistula that does not heal after surgery? can i get rid of my rods from my spinal fusion? I had vaginal hysterectomy surgery when can I do light walking? How will I know if it's too much? my cervix is really low about an inch above the vaginal opening. is something wrong?  bathing tips for post inguinal hernia (surgery) at home? I had carpol tunnel surgery 10 weeks ago and my hand is still swollen and red at the wrist and painful to touch. Normal? can i have oral surgery with a cold Is it safe to masturbate after testicular torsion surgery? Is Novacaine used in gum graft surgery? vitamins help gall bladders? Is it ok to delay surgery for kidney cancer for a few months? Laser surgery for glacoma Post vericosile repair have low sperm count. Son has Mono, is it okay for him to have surgery to remove wisdom teeth? Can cataracts return? Will I need surgery. I am experiencing electrical shocks in both my arms and legs at the same time. How is an infection of the hip bursa detected ? At what point should you be tested for it ? I am 12 years old and have flat feet. Do I need surgery? I have Scoliosis and now suffer from right side lower back/upper leg pain after long physical labor. I have been diagnosed with trigeminal neuralgia is there medical insurance that may pay for dental implant cost? jelly" around the lung should I be circumcised after robotic prostate surgery? I had a vas'y 2 weeks ago, my left testicle is still swollen, along with the left side of my groin. Is this common? laminectomy/fusion gone wrong Is my recovery from knee replacement surgery typical? My step dad has perscription for both ondansetron odt and oxycodone. What kind of illness prompts the use of "odt"? is back pain post gall bladder surgery normal? Tubal reversal was a month ago, 1 period since, now I'm 4 days late, 2 negative test. What should I do? My husband had prostatectomy one year ago. Since then he has been suffering from tinnits and high blood pressure. Why? Severe gas pains after surgery what kind of painkiller can i take that wont thin my blood Who should have spinal fusion surgery. does a prince albert piercing affect gender reassignment surgery what medications can cause bowel incontinence? did obgyn diliberately deform my body? I had a c-section dec 14, 2012.afterwards the area above my vagina was enormous.. I had surgery when I was 5 and they told me my "testicle will descend over time". 16 now and it still hasn't. Why? what is the next treatment for a UTI that won't go away after multipule antibiotic treatments prescribed by my doc.? Can a reoccurred umbilical hernia be repaired surgically under local anesthsia on who has had Prostatectomy in 1994. I had to receive 6 pints of blood after my surgery last year, exactly how many pints do we have to begain with Need type of dr for 2nd opinion re: chronic mod-to-severe lft lower abdom pain ever since obstruted bowel surgery. Can I choose what kind treatment, surgery I want for my inguinal hernia . I went on my husbands health insurance leaving the coverage I had at my place of employment.  I fell 7/2013; dianosed 11/2013 with torn rotator cuff; surgery was planned 1/6/14 changed to 2/6/14. Do I need surgery? what is the difference between shingles and herpes? Can an infant have ear tube surgery if they have RSV? My bf had inguinal hernia surgery 4 months ago. Since then he is not able to have an erection. Is this normal?  what is the recovery time for laproscopic gallbladder surgery? post op open shoulder surgery with dislocation and fracture on11/23/13 have pain that radiates down my whole arm hand Is it normal for a Dr. to remove your ovary and put it back in during an ovarian cyst removal? I had infection in left upper leg if antibiotics were needed. No idea where in fection came from. Cure for Neuropathy I've waited years for hip replacement surgery I've gained weight. How much is considered unsafe for surgery? does having surgery really help How long before I can go back to work? is fatigue after surgery normal 45 year old male. How much protein should I have a day?  Gas and girgling from penis while urinating My neurosurgeon says I need surgery for a ruptured disc. Will this heal on its own in time? Pain at the base of penis in the center what could be some reasons a scare from the icision from a surgery for a hysterectomy do not completely heal? Other than surgery?, how can someone reduce a goiter? Broken fibula 5 months ago and finally had surgery and autograft. Docs said ok to put weight after 2wks surg is this ok. very small testicles Can I take a low dose aspirin if I've had gastric bypass surgery? I will have a little operation to get removed a mole on my penis.How long does it take for me to have sex after surgery? does a hernia affect being able to ejaculate before having the surgery?  Mole getting removed near penis, how long does it take to be normal? I am diagonsed with Umbilical Hernia. will it be possible for me to workout in gym after surgery? Is gastric surgery covered by medicare had surgery almost a year ago and im still have problems what should i do? Can I take Advil/Aleve after Roux-En-Y-Gastric Bypass Surgery? What are the risks? why am I always tired now that I am one year post op gastric bypass I did a minor surgery for stye (eye) while on Accutane. Is it ok to do this type of surgery while on Accutane? HAD ROTATOR SURGERY IN JANUARY AND MY ARM STILL HURTS WHAT SHOULD I DO? Does nicotine retard bone healing? Foreskin Restoration Devices - Are they safe? How much sublingual B-12 for post gastric bypass? do arteries clog up after bypass surgery ejaculation questions what happens when the patient cannot have surgery to remove bladder cancer? He is diagnoised with stage 3 bladder cancer what is the feeling right before you ejaculate Why no sex after tension free vaginal tape surgery? What type of surgery is performed to relieve esophageal spasms? Is there a way to see if I have a torn ligament in my foot without having surgery? I had ingual hernia surgery 4 days ago and my scrotum has swollen four times its size. What can I do ? would it be possible to have stomach put in backwards after surgery? What can I soak my finger in? I have an Infection under my finger nail How do I rate a physician that I had a horrible surgery with? Possible Setback After Rotator Cuff Surgery Where is a good place to find out information about bariatric reversal surgery? How do you know what the best exercise routine is? How long does anesthesia stay in your system after surgery?.  What is the surgery for bone spurs on the toe ? Major surgery whilst depressed. Is it ok to do - is recovery time affected?  How can you control a hand tremor while assisting in surgery?? I am 87 yo. I have a basal cell on my nose. Would you recommend surgery knowing age. Large clotted, bloody stools, painful bowel movements, swelling, bloating to abdomen. negative EGD and Colonoscopy? Is there a medicine or supplement that has similar results as bariatrica surgery  should gastric Bypass patients wear medical alert ID What happens if you drink water a few hours before surgery? Does a pt in the hospital need to see a Gastroenterologist for Diverticulosis surgery. i had surgery on my arm about 6 years ago for tennis elbow recovery was painful now 6 years later the pain has come back Is there any safe way to increase my height in few inches (2-3) before the growth plates closed?  what cause a male penis to have a discorloration When can I take NSAIDs after gastric surgery Can an appendix grow back and give you problems again? My spouse has no appendix but is hurting in the lower right side can I have surgery with a stuffy nose Is it possible to undo an ankle fusion? Is it necessary to have medication or any surgery after having miscarriage of about 3/4 weeks pregnancy? 15 yr pancreatic cancer survivor. Now stomach cancer. Tumors ON pancreas - is it also pancreatic cancer again? what to do about weekness after heart surgery My knees feel hot to the touch. There has been no pain, swelling, surgery or injuries. My body temp is normal. its been 14 years since I had weight loss surgery. I am 190lbs, 5' tall can i have surgery again?  what are the risks of hip surgery for a fracture to an 86-yr-old elderly woman? Which is greater:having surgery or not? Apparently, a combined knee and hip replacement operation are rare. Age 83.Diabetic. Outcome prospects? appendix ruptured 2 days before seen, Dr. treated for sepsis for 7 days in hospital, surgery 8 weeks later? can someone who has thyroid are they able to get weight loss surgery Does a resectoscope come in different sizes is it ok to take a colon cleanse everyday a natural aloe colon cleanse What is the cure for blood clots in the lungs? If you have cold sores can you get mrsa? Does having gastric bypass surgery effect the bladder? How how long after heart surgery can you resume your normal workout routine? Is it safe to take baby aspirin, Coumadin and Plavix at the same time are there any medicare restrictions when changing doctors after a failed hip surgery what to do the day before hemmerhoid surgery how many years is bladder suspension surgery effective? Parkinson's Disease can cause bladder incontinence. What about fecal incontinence? It does cause constipation. I have had my last period on 15th April. Had unprotected sex on 5th very early morning. Have I conceived? how soon should you have another bunion surgery after the first one that did not heel right. How much swelling should I have after surgery to remove my ovary? can anesthesia during surgery cause memory loss or signs of senility? I eat a lot of celery daily. I'm about to have surgery on my caroid artery. should I stop eating celery, if so when? I have a bladder fistula, is it a pressing matter to get surgery done as soon as possible? My sister is 65,3 months ago she was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer that has spread to her liver,lungs and her glands. I have to urinate every 2-3 hours thruout the night/sleeping. I do drink 8-10 glasses of H20 a day. what causes this? triple bypass completed 7 months ago need my brother be concerned about exercise increasing my heart rate above 110? I have a cyst inside my left kidney, will i have to have surgery? Pain around bottom outside of both heels. Had tarsal tunnel release without relief. Developed neuropathy both feet. Can eczema be transmitted by blood transfusion. what happens when a bone graft must be done but afraid to have surgery Does Medicare cover bariatric surgery will a torn achilles repair itself with wrapping and wearing a boot or will it take surgery?  Best over the counter anti-inflammatory for swollen arthritic joints Does Plavix break up plaque? why am I tired even though i take 1000 mg of b12 everyday can a person travel in flight (FOR 2 HOURS)after 1 year of his heart surgery(CABG) and he is still taking his medicines What kind of surgery helps a prolasped bladder and how is it done. How long can you go after surgery without a bowel movement before you should see a doctor? my 12 year old son has a ruptered ear from an ear infection will it heal or require surgery when can I start exercisng after the vaginal tape surgery. I am very active and I am healing nicely. Thank you I have a pain that goes from the leg joint to my ankle-what could it be? Can panic attacks be caused by beeing in a room with low oxygen and high temperature? I asked a question and did not get an answer fitting question. is smoking marijuana before surgery dangerous My left testicle still has pain and sensitivity after a little over 6 months after the varicocele surgery. Why? I have DDD in 5 c-disks, 3 are ruptured. I have RA, spinal stenosis and migraine like headaches. would surgery help? I may need knee replacement surgery soon. I have always been quite bowed legged. Will the procedure straighten my legs? dad is scheduled to have surgery he is on blood thinners because he had 2 stints put in, should he stop taking thinners is trigger finger side effects of statin drugs? Can my primary doctor refuse to give me a referral to a pain management doctor? I'm in pain from back surgeries Is surgery ever warrented is bruiseing of the penis and testicle normal after surgery is their any cure for sinus polyps besides surgery My post-surgical fear is so bad that it can cause me to spike a fever which has canceled surgery in 2009. How to avoid? Are warts contagious after removal? what to expect after rotator cuff surgery around how much does bladder surgery cost without insurance what type of doctor to see for neck Is it normal to bleed this much and have these cramps 8 days after my surgery for removal of fallopian tubes/ovary? I have Crohn's disease. Recently I developed painful neuropathy on my left side. Any connection to Crohn's? Can an IUD help if you have Endometrial Hyperplasia? After having sex 2 1/2 weeks after laparoscopic surgery should I be concerned? How soon after I have bladder sling surgery can I masturbate? why is my arm very stiff to bend 6 mos after tennis elbow surgery? is that muscle or tendon issues? At my vasectomy appointment, the doctor could only locate one vas, and said he couldn't do the surgery. Is this normal? My mum is experiencing carpal tunnel syndrome. Her fingers are numb almost everyday. Is surgery the only option? when I lay flat on my back I get a a swimmy feeling like I am on the down side of a roller coaster What happens during a scope knee surgery exactly?? How long will it take to recover?? how does prednisone affect my weight loss What do you do when all non invasive procedures have been taken for shoulder pain, locking and weakness? One testicle too small (after surgery) Carpal tunnel surgery not an option, but can't get a pain management referal. So much pain what now is ear piercing elective surgery how soon can i have sex after i had my left fullopian tube removed I had carpal tunnel/tenosynovectomy surgery a week ago, i have stitches and a splint.  can varicocele surgery cause erectile dysfunction Does Federal BCBS cover penil implant surgery? After a varicose vein surgery (little incisions) should one walk right after the surgery or is it not recommended? why are people so white after surgery? Vital signs are ok, they just look sooo white? I was diagnosed with UC in 2011. I'm obese and considering gastric bypass. Can I have the surgery with my condition? after surgery how is a stint between kidney and bladder removed My Dr. diagnosted me when this bacterial vaginosis. My lower abdomen hurts to touch, and when I urinate as well. silicone implants are 30 years old, have scar tissue now, will insurance coverage the surgery to fix this condition? What are the surgical options for ruptured discs? Headache post op for detaced retina, how long will this last?  I have condyloma inside the tract of my penis about an inch from the opening. A month ago I had carpal tunnel surgery. Just diagnosed with herpes virus, type 1. My wrist has been incredibly sore and Surgery 6 days ago, No Bowel movement in 7 days. impacted very sore. have taken over counter softener How long after stopping drinking alcohol (beer) does it take for the blood to return to normal viscosity. Can I take a Valium before oral surgery Since I had brain surgery before, is it bad for my health if my boyfriend pulls my hair roughly? after cataract surgery How long would you be out of work from back surgery i am 52yrs, i have a mirena device. On warfrin atfer heart surgery 6yr ago and suddenly im bleeding heavy clot like too before i was urinating and sperm coming from tip of penis.Now it seems it is coming out of the side. Please help  My husband got cellulitis in his left hip where he had hip surgery. What can we do to get it to heal? I have PCOS and am looking into getting a tubal ligation done. What effect would such a surgery have on my disorder? Overactive Bladder Can radiation to destroy cancer of the vocal cords without surgery. What are the experiences in practice? Should I wait for the broken fingers to heal with the help of a splint or seek surgery What doesl it when you have shake yourself to wake up? I had total knee replacement surgery 2 weeks ago, 5 days ago I developed a stiff neck, what should I do for relief? 67 yrs. old, weight 320 lbs., bmi 47,taken belviq no avail and take prozac. eat all day even when not hungry. need help Can i remove my circumcision scar? Gastric bypass in '98 my issues, dizzines, headaches, RLS, vomiting, Reflux, body aches, depression to much to list. How fast does renal cell carcinoma grow Pain and popping in ear months after a mastoidectomy. Should dogs get flu shots if appendectomy is performed, do I need to return home on the same day? if so, do I need to arrange special diet? I had a nicotine test done results are  what does it mean when ultra sound shows that the uterus is heterogeneous in echotexture and measures 7.5 x 5.3 x 4.2 cm Is it normal to have pain/discomfort 6 weeks after hernia operation? how would it be if they left something in you from surgery Are there continued problems related to gall bladder removal? can you eat and drink after wisdom teeth surgery if you are still bleeding Priapism Alzheimer's disease late stage blood in stool part of normal Alz disease process or something else? Can I start smoking after my surgery(maxofacial) it's been one month, I already smoked two cigars,it there any risk?  Why am I still in pain 2 years after surgery? should I delay my hip replacement because of tooth extraction? what is post time for returning to work, I walk all day does anesthesia cause hair loss? Why is it bad to sleep with my dog before hip replacement surgery 