I am a guy and work outside in construction. I sweat a lot and sunscreen doesn't stay on well. What sunscreen can I use? I have acne on the sides of my legs and on my labia. Doctors say it is from sweating. Please help! It is embarrassing. Can fibromyalgia cause profuse sweating? Is it unusual, in your early 50s, to have very heavy long periods, hot flashes and night sweats, as well as chest pain? What might cause me not to sweat? why does my skin itch when i sweat? was on 150 effexor xr increased to 225- my depression is worst- sweating alot - not sleeping. Am i having an overdose? I am having left sided chest pain on the inner side of the shoulder.What could cause this? I have blood in my stool. What could be causing this? I am very tired and weak. My legs and body are aching.. What does it mean when there is a red blotch on your scrotum? Should you feel week and break out in a sweat with a cold? why does sweat smell sour Causes of nausea, tightness around mid-section, shortness of breath, sweating, trembling and pain (not heart or anxiety) does the flu make you sweat Do I bundle my toddler in warm blankets (cause sweating) to help fight a fever or use a cool washcloth / keep him cool? Why is my sleeping pattern so wierd? Help, chest congestion, cough, rash ,sweating , body aches, low white blood count ,bottom number of BP High what can cause night sweat to where i have to change clothes? i am 39 and still have normal periods every month? 51; no reg. cycle ever; night sweats, hot flashes.worst part is tired. cant get out of bed. hurt all over. Physical activity like running or riding my bike makes my body colder the longer I do it. Also anxiety what could cause episodes of sweating, higher body temperature, and feeling like your going to pass out? I currently am suffering from the following: LOSS OF APPETITE, NAUSEA, SHORTNESS OF BREATH, COLD SWEATS EXTREME THIRST What should I do about hyperhydrosis, Im 14, and sweat through every shirt i wear? Fecal odor even right after showering. Groin odor and itchiness what would cause sudden a sudden hot flash with cold sweats vomiting and a bloody nose episode lasted about five minutes Have high blood pressure. Often times over 210/110. I take Medication with little help. Should I be checking it at home? I take Clonazepam 2 mg, still have SEVERE anxiety while driving.Is there some other medication that can help? Can I take 4 Advil gels for a week in a row> This is the 3rd day. Is it better to wash your face before you exercise and sweat? I take wellbutrin and still have anxiety. Do I increase the dose or try something else? My 3 yr. old has a 101.7 fever, shakes, headache, fatigue, and is sweating a lot. Is it just the flu? What can i do or take to keep from sweating so much from methadone? My body temp has been at 94.2-96.8 of and on for over a week. other than hypothermia what could cause this? Why do I feel lightheaded, fatigued, and sweat during sleeping (no fever)? When I am nervous, I shake, sweat, have facial flushing and red blotched areas on my neck. Why does this happen? how do you tell if hot flashes and night sweats are hormone related or from an infection in the body? when my skin on my hands get wet, I can scrape a layer of skin off. should this be happening? whats going on? sweating freezing no fever Have COPD, with recent onset of heavy night sweats. Why? why do I sweat so much without hot flashes.  what does it mean when the skin under the fingernails are blue? I get night sweats, itching spells get nauseated easy and have loss of appetite I am 47 and my period makes a nightly appearance what would cause extremely drenching night sweats, fever and chills in a 57 year old female? had chest arm,kneck pain with sweats and headache lightheadness 4 days on extremeley fatigued with headace mind fog etc why do my outer most toes go numb and turn purple at times during Taekwondo (barefoot) and even at home? What's this severe itching between my thighs? i've had diarrhea for a few months now my skin breaks out bad and i havent had a period in over 40 days and i have cramp I'm 42 female.Since 40, my armpits have had sour smell, without changing diet.  I have problems with severe cramps after working hard and sweating all day. can excessive sweating cause a yeast infection? Do I have HIV? I have started having episodes where is suddenly get dizzy, nauseous and start to sweat and get really hot. my night sweats wake me out of a sound sleep what's my problem and can it be taken care of by my doctor i am 43, for a few months now i'm sweating alot in buttox area, even after shower, hours later it's like terrible smells do panic attacks last for more than 24 hrs What is cause of feeling like I am going to pass out, swooshing of head swirling? .  What is cause of feeling like I am going to pass out, swooshing of head swirling,  how can i make myself sweat? total hysterectomy over 20 yrs. ago.Having night sweats mood swings.can i be going through some sort of menopause age 51 I don't have diabetes yet I am showing symptoms of Sweating, shakes, dizzyness, and light headedness. Can you help? im sick with a cold have the worst headache ever a sore throat and keep breaking in to sweats. whats wrong with me? help I started Chantix a week ago and I'm expirencing some horrible side effects. My doctor isn't really helping.... can methadone be transmitted thru sperm or sexual intercourse or sweating to other people? i had my tonsils taken out at 2, and am now 16, could they have grown back? how long does it take for tonsils to grow back? i am taking predisone can this cause me to have anxiety attacks what can cause lit headed stiff neck tired shakey ringing in head at times I feel light headed, jittery, shakes, tingely all over, cold sweats It's 90 and humid and my husband works outside. He just told me he was sweating blood at work today. What could that be? I have all the symptoms for Hypoglycemia but I do not have Diabetes. Can this happen? The symptons go away after I eat. I noticed a very thin white coating on my tongue a week ago in patches and white/yellow small raised bumps in the back? My 2yr old has a fever of 102.6 no other symptoms.in-laws say to wrap her up so she can sweat it out is this safe?? severe sweating, explosions of anger,diabetes in the family,pot use, depression, how to help? is this diabetes? For about 8 years pain and discomfort after bowel movements and while sitting. Seems swollen and bumpy around rectalarea I seem to be getting a rash from sweating? I miss a month of my period and hve not started yet I am 48 yrs old and i am sexually active . I'll be okay feeling, then in a split second I'm in an undescribable mood. What's wrong? I have a boil conditon that mainly occurs under my breasts and my pants line I don't know what causes it can anyone help how do i know if i'm menopausal or something else is really wrong? Is my girlfriend pregnant? Is my girlfriend pregnant? Or should I stop stressing and worrying? I have had 3 swollen lymph nodes for over 2 years. will xanax help with my stress Confusions about the"Vagina"!!! are there serious side effects with the use of progesterone in menopause? Lately Ive been having problems with fatigue, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, and night sweats. is it normal to have radiating heat from sting site after being stung by bee? What is DrySol and how does it prevent hyperhydrosis? Soes Atenolol help teens who have high anxiety at school because they stutter? i'm a 19-year old female. I didn't use to sweat as a child but now my sweat is staining everything even my shoes.. what causes leg cramps so severe to pass out 30 yr old, why so many night sweats? Rash under breasts from sweating or menopause Why does my sweat have a musky ammonia scent? Why do alcoholics have night sweats? Does prostate cancer cause excessive sweating? Why am I hot during ovulation?  is it common to have night sweats with RA? Can you contract a disease from someone elses sweat? Wearing sweaty unwashed clothes!  why does my head sweat so much at night? can you get yeast infection from sweating when you exercise I'm 39 and have been experienceing what seems like hot flashes with an elevated heart rate. premenapausal? When should you go to the hospital if you think you have pheumonia When someone gets staph after a C-section how could this happen Should I be concerned that my child vomited blood and mucus after a nosebleed?  Urine and sweat smell bad Yesterday I felt a quick sharp pain to my chest, then total body numbess and a rush of heat and sweats. Any ideas why?  Motion sickness in the bus if i run to catch it Why am I going from comfortable to cold to sweating throughout the day.  i even cannot lift a cup when i am in a social gathering like meeting or lunch What would cause excessive sweating and heat intolerance?  why does my sweat smell like buttered popcorn Many times after eating, and resuming physical work I experience , general weakness, shaking, excessive cold sweating. I have night-occuring sweats and dry mouth. Is there a connection between these condition? can hepatitis c be transmitted by some ones sweat What causes acidy mouth, tonsil stones, bad breath, foul smelling sweat and hair grease? When I'm outside in winter, the moment I enter a heated building I start to sweat profusely. How can I prevent this? My 60 year old husband touches me at night andit stings my body. his side of the bed turns an orangy color over time, Sleep Apnea Is it normal for my two year old to have an oral tempurature of 96.7 and still be sweating a lot? what are the side affects to stopping birth control pills Sed Rate 92 alk phos. 140 alanine amino transferase 89 aspartame amino transferase 7.8 chills and night sweats Any way to reduce the effects of my hyperhydrosis? Is my blood pressure of 199/127 serious? what is the best deodorant for people who sweat Any way to reduce the effects of Hyperhydrosis? Any way to reduce the effects of Hyperhydrosis? (I've tried Drysol, and other clinical antiperspirants) I am 18 years old, female and have night sweats Can night sweats be related to lung cancer? 18 year old boy thin side armpit sweating excessively even though uses antiperpiant. Should he see a MD Why does my skin burn when I sweat? why fingers wrinkle a short time in water,at bath time, doing dishing or swiming I sweat profusly at the least little thing I do. Can you help me? Husband had postrate cancer, gave him hormone shots for therapy and he sweats badly all the time. what otc meds i can take to stop my heavy sweatings I am 17 year teen boy. I have been getting acne on my face from last 3 years. What should I do ? My son was almost fainted when blood was drawn from him for tests.  What causes itchy skin in the creases of your legs near your private parts?  sweating profusely, muscle cramps, low blood pressure (80/75) and dizziness, are these signs of heat exhaustion? why do I sweat so much when it is humid out? Have been spotting for 2 weeks now. Take Enpresse. Never done this before and am soon to be 46. ?Perimenopause? Can high blood pressure cause night sweats Can you have a panic attack without the extreme panic? Since i was 12, i've been contact sensitive to water. The pain is immense and i never got it checked out. Should i? My foot smells is she pregnant ? need help I start sweating for no reason starting on my hair line the back of my neck to the point that it just pours off of me. Can poison ivy spread from sweat What is the name for "excessive sweating" from the neck up, only? hi there i have had weight loss 14kg in 4 months night sweats for 2 months shotty nodes further investigation needed ? my husband has blood pressure of 201/85 with headache and sweating. what does this indicate? How much is too much for over the counter menopause support? can oversweating and salt in the eyes cause dry eye? If you think you may be at Perimenopause stage - when should you see a doctor? What can cause severe leg cramps and night sweats? What can I do to control escessive sweating? It seems I have a very sore and itchy thigh and calfs, mainly at night. Seems to be caused by heat. does having apartial hysterectomy mean chances for early menopause  what causes orange urine an body aches I am 58. Hysterectomy over 20 years ago. Clear vaginal discharge all the time with strong odor similar to sweat. Are there any home remedy creams to put near the vagina? I sweat alot on just my face ever since I was little, now 64. Its so embarassing. Any vitamins I can take for this? why do i get so ill when i get diarrhea can you transmit Ebola if you have a temperature but no other symptoms After waking up and using the restroom, I instantly have to vomit. My friend hit me in the back with a tennis ball. Now my lower back hurts and my head feels weird. My spine feels weird Having ringworms for a year now, appears near sweatin region ear,groin and butox region. Used onabet,fourderm,candid b Constant headaches, Watering eyes, I sweat a lot in my sleep, Also very sluggish, coughing 