How are swollen lymph nodes diagnosed? I was bitten by a spider on the inside of my forearm and now it is very swollen, red and painful. Will Benadryl help? If your kid is allergic to bug bites, should they go to the ER if the swelling doesn't go down with Benadryl? What should I do for red pus and swollen eyes in a 3-year-old girl? Can sinusitis or allergies cause a swollen lymph node under my arm? What are the symptoms of edema, or swelling? What is edema, or swelling? How do I know that my lymph nodes are swollen? What causes swollen glands? How are swollen glands treated? I am 4 weeks pregnant and my throat is very sore. My tonsils feel swollen but I dont have a cold. What can I take? My 5-year-old has a swollen spot on his gums thats red around the edges and white in the middle. What is it? What can I do about swelling in my back and the back of my neck during a fibromyalgia flare? Can swelling be associated with fibromyalgia? My 2-year-old has had a swollen eyelid twice from bug bites. The last one spread on her face. Should I worry? How can I manage swelling in my feet and legs during pregnancy? Can Adderall or MS Contin make my hands and feet swell, and cause severe joint pain in my hands?  My father's legs are swollen from the knees down. He is taking cyclosporine. Is this a side effect of the drug? How long does it take for all the swelling to be gone after cosmetic surgery? For several weeks, my right cheek has been swollen and painful, with white spots on the lining. Is this oral cancer? I had a new crown put on with a lot of trauma to my gums. They are swollen, gray & without feeling. Should I be worried? Can allergies cause swollen glands? what is your illness if you have a swollen eye trowing up blood and have 100.5 fever What can I do for a teen boy who's breasts are enlarged?  my boyfriend is having pain in is lower left side of his back and a litle swelling,....what is the cause? the lower left leg is 3times the normal size and is purpleish and red. It also has little sores. what could this be? swollen ear,loss if hearing,yesterday hurt when touched,tody gotten a lilttle better,still cant hear.scabe in ear too something to worry about? Colon cancer? What does it mean when your toe starts swelling and turning white underneath? With Itching and pain?  What can be the cause of having black spots on my throat? How long can I wait if swelling of the cheek, pain in throat, pain in jaw,(infected tooth?) to go to a dentist? What can cause inguinal lymph nodes to swell for over a year? back pain in different areas comes and goes back swells i have severe pain in my legs and 3 years ago i develope severe migranes and im only 25yrs. what could be the cause? what cause a swollen back and pain on the right side only in my back area? What causes sudden burning sensation in the hands and bottoms of your feet? I've got to pee very badly, yet nothing at all comes out. I think maybe my urethra is swollen on the inside? (male) Pain in left toes that traveled up leg and now my leg feels bruised to touch and knee swells daily and hurts sharp shooting pain in right eye with swelling If I jam my finger in a game of touch football, what can I do to help the swelling go down? all toes swollen and red,skin peeling,can't hardly move them,started havin a slight ooze,burning and throbbing,is itgout what does it mean if you have a suddenly round, hard swollen-looking upper abdomen and are not pregnant? I have a couple sores on my tounge and my tonsils are swollen. What could be wrong? my 55 yr. old brother has both legs below the knee to toes, unusually red,swollen,warm,painfull,useless after 20 steps. Low platelets, doctor want to take spleen out. Is there an alternative? Steroids are not working. Can your tonsils burst? My son, 8 years old, has swollen and red hands  Should I wear a knee brace since I had surgery and now have OA constant eye drainage, including during sleep, puffiness around eye, top and bottom Big bumps on my arms. Have a fever in them and are itchy and they burn. i have an ankle severe ankle sprain, unable to walk on it, it is red, swollen and hot to the touch, very painfull,why?  i am having leg pain that gets worse in the evening with swelling of my right leg and throbbing pain what could it be? how long should you wait to cast a broken ankle? Is 8 days too long?  Why is my right eyeball twitching? My husband closed his finger in the door, it is swollen and has a blood clot what should we do?? broke my collarbone last week now my feet are swelling with fluid, any connection? on the outside of Lt.wrist swollen around bone, tender,burning and major pain w/any movement.can move fingers w/no pain. My mother has swelling between eyes with itch and redness. Sharp stomach pain My daughter has black spots with yellow on top on both sides of her throat.  im having swelling of my left lower leg and shin pain, why is happening? im having swelling of my left lower leg and shin pain, what is happening and why? my breast are swolen and sore. They swell and stay so tender to the touch.Why???  My son 7 fell of bike and his penis is now bruised and little swollen, does he need to be seen?  I'm feeling/seeing a fairly sudden swelling/bloat in my stomach and feeling the constant need to urinate, why is this?? FACIAL SWELLING How to treat shingles at age 21 with no health insurace? Growth inside ear with fluid draining from same ear, occured hours after a scratch inside ear, it's been 1 year since. can a buldging disk cause paralasis?? Can a fatty tumor cause symptoms? What the natural cure for swelling after surgery? I have cellulitis. My wrist is swollen and painful? What can I do? have an egg lump on bottom scotum and feels heavy on left side is very swollen and slitly painfull Im 65 Daughter diagnosed w/ mono 19 day ago. ONLY symptons ab pain / swollen glands. NO fatigue. How long b4 return to sports? why would my left side in my back hurt when i take a deep breath what causes dark discolored swollen lips have lump on gums that doesnt go away,stays full of pus stays red and swollen,can be painful what is this? How do you remove dried blood from your inner ear after it has swollen? Is it right that in lip plumpers there is poison or venom ? what if it accidently goes into our mouth after applied it ? if i am worried about breast cancer because of the pain should i go to the er? Right side of pubic area near bikini line is swollen and tender im a 45 yr old white female have mitral valve regertation.i pushed my shin bone it stayed dented no pain or swelling?? My boyfriend has a 2 deep holes formed below his tailbone, :( My son got sand thrown in his eye and it is swollen. We did rinse it out with water. What is the next step? Could I be allergic to my memory foam bed? Got it 7 days ago and i'm waking up with swollen face for the last 2 days. 14mo boy, diarrhea x 2days. Testicle now swollen and painful. Diarrhea greenish white. Reocurring foot swelling, redness, and itching? i have really bad swelling on my knee last two days been icing and putting it up is there anything else i should do? What is this swollen feeling in my nose? I had ankle surgery 8 yrs ago--6 screws and a plate. Now I have swelling and pain. Why, after all this time? should I worry if an injection site feels hot, red and swollen after 2 days? Friend ejected from car. She had a craniotomy for brain swelling/bleeding, but is still unresponsive. Prognosis? Cat scratched me on lower leg, it is red, swollen and hot.  Why is my butt hole itchy and red/swollen?  Swollen node in groin, should i go to the dr? I am 8 months pregnant and my feet are swollen and was wondering if it is safe to put epsom salt in my bath to soak in? My 2-yr-old son has a very red and swollen penis, painful to touch. He peed without any complaints. What can this be? My 12 year old son has some fatty tissue under his right nipple. Should I bring him to the doctor? Should I reduce the size of my breast implants or remove them altogether? Inguinal Hernia Surgery recovery: Ejaculation 5 days after: experienced sharp pains and testicle is now swallen, help? I was bitten by a spider two days ago and the swelling continues to spread. Should I worry? Can you help with condylox genital warts treatment and side effects? My Husband has numbness,swelling and pain in his right hand when he is sleeping My nose and nostrils are swollen and painful after a severe cold. How do I get rid of the pain and swelling? can brown lady bug bites cause you to get an allergy to styrofoam, plastics, and latex (swelling of the eyes only) experiencing numbness of left hand with swelling and tingling for long periods drop piece of firewood top part of foot,bruised,swell within 2mins top part of my foot with the bruises it has red spots i have a yellow vaginal discharge with odor its getting worse my period is becoming spuratic i work on concrete all day and i have flat feet. lately my left ankle has been hurting after about 6 hrs of work Teenager age 18 with low grade fever 2 days, headache, eyes hurt with light and swollen upper lip Constant throbbing pain above my right eye socket. After visitng a chiropractor 2 or 3 times a week for the last four months following a car accident, was told  Minor swelling on one cheek for a week. Painless, sometimes tender. Chills sometimes when most swollen. Should I worry? Grazed hand with screwdriver the other day. Swollen and painful. Heart feels like its racing and am hot. My dog scratched my eyelid and it is swollen and red. Should I go to the eye doctor? Can painful nerve endings with itching down the back of your leg be a result of an outbreak of genital herpes? Is it normal that a ganglion swells after a lice infestation? I felt a small dull pain in the back of knee that spread throughout the whole knee during the course of the day. how to stop dry sking from spreading can you do anything to help with swelling caused by restriction of the wrist? what would cause my leg to discolor, swell, and skin be so tight and soar Yesterday i checked my weight and it was 54 and when i checked today it said 51 in different scale is it possible? is swelling common with shingles in the area around the eye? I feel a hard swollen vessel-runs down my abdomen right of center. My doctor said hiatal hernia. Can that me a symptom?  I cant lift my left foot my baby girl is eight days old. I noticed some swelling in her breasts today when I bathed her. Is this normal? why is my entire head hurting to were i cant touch it because of my wisdom teeth i have bruises and swelling on foot and ankle due to an accident, can I exercise? fell and got a cut right over my eye, my eye has blood in it what should I do rheumatoid factor; H. pylori igg; RH type I have had burning, swelling and itching of my labia minora on the left side near the vaginal opening. my thumb has green puss and its swollen i think from an ingrown nail. It hurts and was from biting my nails and Pimple in ear i messed with now my lymph node in my neck below that ear is swollen and hurt what should i do what does it mean when you have bilateral swollen glands on your neck? no pain, visible, 1 yr I still have pain and swelling at 8 weeks post op from total knee replacement surgery. Any suggestions to help? 2WEEK OLD WOOD SPLINTER CUT IN MY HAND IS STARTING TO SWELL, WITH SOME PAIN. WHAT KIND OF DOCTOR WOULD HANDLE THIS??? 2WEEK OLS WOOD SPLINTER CUT IS STARTING TO SWELL, WITH SOME PAIN. WHAT KIND OF DOCTOR WOULD HALDLE THIS??? My feet, ankles, legs, hands, and face are swelling. I do take BP med but my BP and heart rate have both been very high. can spider bites reoccur afterbeing healed for months? I hit my head on a machine about a month ago and it swell up and went down within days. Bruise still there. No Pain. How swollen does your testicle have to get before it is serious? what causes eyeballs to swell, not eyelids, Eyeballs? Does shiny skin mean your skin is thin? woke up with bug bite now a jagged hole the length of 2 quarters is deep and surrounded by warm hard red painful area  Would the arm of a 1yr old swell immedietely if it were broken? Any suggestions on how to reduce a swollen finger to get a ring off instead of having to cut the ring off? my right tonsil is severely infected and is getting more swollen and infected with keflex medicine. What should I do? I have a red, swollen, pimple like area on my stomach that is very sore and is hard (ish) about 3 inches in diameter What kind of skin condition/infection is this? my doctor diagnosed me with a yeast infection and i thought it was better but now it is very red and swollen down there? Do external hemorrhoids have to be directly on the anus? I have shingles plus a swollen tongue. Is there any relationship? Experiencing puss, swollen eyelids,eyeballs, and face.My eyes turned bloody and now im losing my vision and seeing spots my left foot is swelling and when pressed it leaves an indention that doesnt bounce back. Left tonsil swollen and pain behind left ear I found a lump on my breast in the spot where my boyfriend bit me, could the lump be in relation to the bite? What could this be? Pain and burning starting in the feet and going up body all the way to back of neck.(feet,groin,neck Hard swollen area on left labia majora. squeezed it hard white substance with fluid. Should I be concerened My 5 year old was bitten by tick behind the ear and now her lympnoyd is swollen. Should I worry? No fever and no pain  Can a strep throat that was trated with antibiotics cause joint pain and swelling? I have a dull pain in my right lower abdomen and groin. It hurts when I sneeze. How can I tell hernia vs muscle strain? my grand daughters eye is swelled and puffy from falling on log what should i do for it? My son was stung on his palm. It was red and swollen, but the redness is now running up his wrist. What is wrong? bilaturial swelling in lower jaw. Painful to touch. Nothing to do with teeth cause I haven't had none in yrs. I have hives all over my body. Every part of me is swollen now. How sould i determin if i need to go to the hospital? My son was bitten by a spider and now it is red and swollen but doesn't hurt him. What should I do? my eyes are red burning sensation and there swollen and red. tryed allerga with no help? a few days ago I punched a wall and now my hand is really swollen and am in a lot of pain. I got my period 2 days ago n started normal symptoms, bleeding light n bloating but no pain I feel hot on the inside but no fever. I have a stomach ache and my throat hurt and glands feel swollen. A few weeks ago my left pinky got caught in a mousetrap. It still hurts to move it. Any ideas of what it could be? Tiny white bumps around my clitoris and clit is swollen and sore to touch. What could it be? I have genital herpes and I have a swollen gland that I usually get right before an outbreak.  smashed finger, now swollen finger tip, what to do I have a swelling in the pubic area that forms a head on it after a few hours. swelling has spread to my penis. whatisit What to do to mosquito bites if they've stayed for over a month and have swelled? I have sore swollen glands and neck stiffness that is not responding to 3 antibiotic treatments in a row. No fever? Have bad swelling on face from sun poisoning , so what will make this go away ? Swollen belly I WAS TOLD I HAVE A SPAINED ANKLE BEEN ONE WEEK ITS GETTIN WORSE HELP ME PLEASE I sprained my ankle six weeks ago it is still swelling and very painful is this normal? Can carpal tunnel lead to swelling of the forearms? right hand index finger proximal phalanges intermediate phalanges joint pain, swelling. Started a week ago. Arthritus? can hair dye cause swollen lymph nodes? My hand, arm and gland under my arm are swollen after fire ant bites. Should I see a doctor or treat at home? What would cause fever with chills every 24 hours. Also, swollen neck lymph node. Ongoing for 2 months. My tongue hurts real bad. It's. Swollen,cracked, the edges top and bottom has a burning feeling Can't. Eat, drink ect. Why do over the counter migraine medicine make my face swell There is a white patch looks like a large canker sore onthe swollen soft palate to left of my uvula? not on tonsils. finger swelling, can't bend it and have extreme pain on palm side Is it possible to sit and walk with a hip fracture from a fall? I was stung on the back of my hand by a red wasp but the symptoms did not show for 24 hours. Is this common got sunburned a few days ago, yesterday both hands/ feet are severly swollen. no other symptoms. Could be sunpoision? I have a perfectly round perfect circle bruise on my arm, size of a nickel, sont know what could have caused it iam w/PCOS,doctor gave meYasmin,to balance my hormones.Now on my 2nd.mos.,but felt swelling on my breasts.is it normal? the right side of my tongue swelled up to about twice the size ive taken two benadryl with no change any suggestions? Can condoms cause the vaginal area to become red and swollen? I have what could be a stye inside my lower left eyelid. Now I have pain/swelling near my ear (L) on my face. go to dr? What infection causes lips to swell, turn red, become sore and chapped? can a stubbed toe causa flu like symptoms? I was running and I fell and hit my ankle on the sharpe edge of a binder hurts bad no swelling I'm wearing a brace I'M 57, COULD I STILL HAVE WISDOM TEETH Do fallen arches require surgery to correct, especially if the inner ankle is swollen and always feels 'sprained?' how do you reduce swelling in osteo arthritis of the knee? Can an ear infection be caused by a pimple?  I have swollen glands now for 1 week and this morning spit up a glob of dry bloody mucus, could this be strep? Strong impact on elbow. Swelling after 4 days. Seems to be a "dent" in bone on elbow that is source of stinging pain. I am a 15 year old girl and I am having a painful swell thing on my right "flap" thing in my pubic area. Knot under skin is it normal to have radiating heat from sting site after being stung by bee? cure for swollen feet can i use compression socks for swollen feet after chemo I was diagnosed with acute epididymitis have been taking 500mg cipro 2 a day but my swelling has not improved? what causes swollen legs and feet my hood dose not allow my clitoris to become erect, What do i do? My daughter broke her leg 6 months ago. we just noticed that her leg has a bigger bumb than usually..like it's swollen?? how to treat allergic realtion to hair dye ? Bug bite causing pain on my thigh, what can I do? My fiances neck is swollen on the left and sore to the touch. Extreme sore throat and pain. What could it be? I'm 59 have neuropathy in my feet and they've been swelling in the afternoon should you use ice or heat after picking an ingrown hair to keep the swelling down?  can knee pain and swelling be related to TMJ? I pulled a muscle in my back three days ago. Now my knees are swollen and hurting badly. Is this related?  I have a meniscus tear and will get a cortisone shot.How long do i have to be off my feet i have PAIN in my left leg,swelling,below knee, test in ER came back positive for blood clots, should i be concerned??  I have mono and my kidneys are swolled and in so much pain. are they even my kidneys? i have PAIN in my left leg,swelling,below knee, test in ER came back positive for blood clots, should i be concerned?? I have some swelling in my left arm. Will I get a valid blood pressure result if they use my left arm? How to treat a swollen toe Why do mosquito bites swell up to like 6" wide, and hot to touch on me? Can I switch from Vicodin to Advil without waiting for the Vicodin to clear my system? I hurt my foot a week ago (bumped top of foot on a sofa), it's still swollen and hurts. Do I need to see a doctor? Sore throat and swollen are the only symptoms I have. Could it still be mono? Could my pinky be broken or just sprained like the ER doctor said it was? I have felt my swollen epiglottis in the back of my throat for several days. Tested positive for strep. False positive? When should I be concerned?  My daughter had a shunt put in to drain the ventricles in the brain. She came home yesterday, today her eye is swollen Can prednisone cause fibromyalgia? Is Bactrim DS ever given for Gout with tophi ? Is it possible for a bartholin to burst internally? most of the swelling went away but no drainage.. Why do i keep getting an Infected finger I have a droopy eyelid. I'm only 17 and the eye doc can't seem to find anything wrong.  can fluid retention cause high blood pressue what causes your legs to swell just before u start your period my daugter is swelling we got told its peanuts took that out but still having a reaction what can it be? Itching, white discharge and blood with it. Hit toe next to big. Taped, swollen, painful, won't bend, leans/rubs big toe after 1 month. What is it? Can it heal? I have pain in both testicles, and the left testicle is kind of swollen. I thought std's but test came back normal swollen lymph nodes when should i go to er after a toenail is removed Can a yeast infection cause painful tender, pelvic lymph nodes? What causes breast swelling and severe pain in left breast? The insect bite causing lymph node swelling Looking for answers from someone who sees more than just one symptom, abdominal cramping, missed periods, swollen leg... what is causing pain in upper arm/armpit/chestarea near arm with increase in pain when laying down. do you remember a seizure what is a mucus plug in the lip Does prednisolone cause puffiness around the eyes and face after taking for cataract surgery I have a lump on my buttock that turned black Can Flagyl cause yeast infections? insect bite with swelling and bruising what causes prostate swelling red burning itching circular bite on dorsal thigh. Now is a 10 inch red circle. how do I tell if a cat bite is infected CAN THE START OF PUBERTY CAUSE SWOLLEN LYMPH NODES? I was stung by either hornet or other type of stinging insect. My forearm is very swollen and hot. Help My daughter had a root canal 2 days ago on her front tooth. She is still swollen and in pain. Is this normal? I'm 44 and have taken 3 rounds of antibiotics for strep but they have not worked, is it safe to have my tonsils removed? How do I know if a wound is infected and/or when to go to the doctors my son has swollen lymph glands by his ears and down his neck  Gum Sores 55 year old male. After bending all day at work, get burning and itching in groin. No swelling or lumps. What does Doctors do to check and see if your Tonsils are swollen ?  1 week post knee arthroscope to fix torn meniscus,woke up with pain from knee to my toes, swelling from ankle to toes. sprained two fingers, fractured the bones, used a splint for 4 weeks, now both fingers are swollen and stiff. diagnosed with hematoma following hernia surgery. Swelling and pain continue. Should I return to doctor 5 months after bilateral grommets, still in agony! Yeast Infection or Bladder Infection? will a pimple show up in an mri Recently i have developed pain near my collar bone area on my right im pregnant and my blood pressure read 126/94 the book that comes with it says its a hypertention measure should i worry I had an ace bandage on my leg for awhile and now have tingling in my toes and a swollen ankle. What should I do? What exactly is a Bi-lateral tubal? My penis is swollen from mastubating last night. Is it safe to continue to take viagra? I've had a hard white lump on my clitoris for a few years but it suddenly became swollen and painful,what could this be? What causes swelling of hands and lips. This shows up randomly and gets worse over days. Spreads up arm with heat I fell wrong on my ankle and heard a loud pop. The swelling has gone down, but there is still pain. Sprain or Break? What causes swelling of the tongue..as well as bumps and dryness under the tongue? Had staph infection for about 10 days. With Bactrim DS, swelling is all but gone, but still pink around scab. Ideas? How to get rid of large, very sore boil in groin area? I had carpol tunnel surgery 10 weeks ago and my hand is still swollen and red at the wrist and painful to touch. Normal? My ears stay infected all the time they swell and hurt really bad and the ear drops don't help so what will help  If a wound is leaking yellow discharge is it infected if I have no other signs of infection  Is it possible for strep throat to develop while you have whooping cough? My 2yr old son has swollen foreskin on his penis. Dark yellow pee. Back and stomach ache bug bites but never see a bug. not bedbugs. cause swelling, itching, redness, heat to bite, and hardness to area? I have pain in my upper, inner, right thigh. It feels like bruising, but no redness or swelling. Could it be DVT? Pimple on penis? Poped but now big, imflamed, and swollen? Was it a pimple? i havent had sex in 2.5 years? Lingering cold, in sinuses for more than 8 weeks. Could this mean something else? Vaginal discharge and swollen vAgina after rough sex I had a vas'y 2 weeks ago, my left testicle is still swollen, along with the left side of my groin. Is this common? is swollen prostate a cause of death Is my recovery from knee replacement surgery typical? what causes hives in a 12 year old boy and it is not food allergies? Playing basketball and fell on left hand, very painful yet no bruising or swelling. Please help Toe pain. 2 toes, big toe and the next. Burn throb. Ache pricks no sleep like broken not swelling, don't recall injury. Should I see a doctor regarding my abdominal pain? Sudden sharpe calf pain, brought on now if bearing weight while walking..what is this? No redness swelling or warm areas CAN RESIDUAL MRSA CAUSE SWOLLEN LYMPH NODES frostbit finger tips 4 days ago how long before normal without tingling and less detailed sensory feeling my eye wont open its swollen when i put a warm compress my eye gave offred like blood and sticky white stuff what to do Is it okay to take 2 800mg ibuprofen with a benadryl? Adult with hard Foreign object in the nose that wasn't placed there. How long does it take lasik to reduce swelling during conestive heart ? Pulmonary Embolism or Panic attack? Worried about herpes My boyfriend has a bump that looks like a vein on his penis just below the head that is swollen? will amoxicillian help reduce swelling in an abscessed tooth Should I be on a water pill if taking BP med? My cousin says that is probably why I swell. 3 days on Cephalexin for bulging ear drums. swollen glands of the neck, sore throad. This morning experincing vertigo. Can sinus infection cause swollen gums? Inflamed lesion on underside of tongue w/swelling about the size of a lymph node.No teeth back there.Unknown etiology? I have itching in my nipple, yellow drainage, swelling, pain, nausea, fever, chills, lumps in breast. eye swelling daily ,when pink part turns red and white part of eye swells green discarge in morning  Infected finger over a month I am always tired, feet swell up I can't feel my toes.I have numbness in my thighs and feet and my right arm and wrist.  Tumors on the liver Should she go to the ER now? Yesterday I had a swollen spot on my labia that I squeezed. Pus came out and now there is a hole. What could that be? My ankle has been hurting for about a week and i have joint pains swelling tenderness what do I do  I hit my foot really hard 3 times a week ago and it's still black and it feels like it's on fire plus I can't walk on it I took zitrimax for flu and am still on prednisone. Could this cause swollen lymph glands. Using ice cutter to cut though 7" thick ice. I slammed I cutter on the ground and now my hand have no feeling in it. i have wrist pains I have bad wrist pains Had iud removed from arm now were stitches are swelling nasty smelling stuff comes out and a lot of pain and bruising What causes me to have foul smelling burps? I have a lump on my inner thigh near my bikini line, abnormal in shape and painful. What is it? Why could my inner ear (like where the ear buds sit) be a little bit swollen. Knuckle is swollen and red and there is a lot of pain and stiffness. I do not seem to have a bite. Going on for 4 days. when i prick my ankle with pin only clear liguid comes out is that from neurapathy or in fection had other amputated Whats wrong with my knee? I have a small bruise on my lower leg, above the ankle, warm to touch and is swollen only where bruise is. can a drug allergy have symptoms after the meds are finished? I smashed my hand in a sliding glass door a day and a half a go. I have a few cuts and it swelled up pretty bad.  Could I have cracked or broken my ankle? Will my doctor be able to tell that my tonsilitis is from smoking? slow urination. frequent at night. swollen vaginal area.wet bed swollen glands of the neck hello. i am a canadian in buenos aires. i broke my my leg.my upper part of fibula and lower part of tibia were broken. stiff neck/ pain at base of skull/sore, possibly swollen glands/ 60 yrs old//amnot on any antibiotics/no fever how do i reduce swelling in my esophagus? when i swallow it feels like im having a heart attack. Sudden onset of pain, swelling and bruising in a knuckle on my hand. Tender to the touch. No injury; Some joint pain. Should I go 2 emergency room? Dropped 10lbs frozen meat on greater toe. No shoes. Should I go 2 emergency room? 10lbs frozen meat fell out of freezer on greater toe. Both of my lower legs, ankels and feet are EXTREMELY swollen. very painful numb and tingly. Red and blochy in color. What would be causing my hands and feet to swell? I have had a swollen lip for four days now. I had ingual hernia surgery 4 days ago and my scrotum has swollen four times its size. What can I do ? I have planters wart r/ft. dr has frozen but has not helped.f/is very very sore and swollen. Thumb is discolored and swelled. Very painful to touch or put in warm water. It turns black when I put it in warm water. friend had swelling on the brain and was on ventilator but breathing over it wondering if family removed to soon whats the next step in determining cause of my 6 yr old hives? how do i get DR to test for the"rare" causes. what causes swelling of the urethra opening If someone I know had scarlet fever months ago, could they still be carrying the bacteria and be infectious? the area above my dads right ankle is swollen and red and he says its causing him sharp pain in that exact location Swollen elbow due to fall. What squamous cell cancer? How long should it take to heal from a deep thigh bruise. How to treat swelling of the knee I went to use the bathroom and when I wiped I noticed that there was hurting on my vaginal area.  Pinkeye Is there a swelling under the eyes? When lumbosacral spine clicks/rubbing when walking My boyfriend ate a french dip sandwich tonight and within 30 minutes his reight jaw swelled the size of half an egg.  Problem of swelling in feet and ankles.  Large clotted, bloody stools, painful bowel movements, swelling, bloating to abdomen. negative EGD and Colonoscopy? What causes the penis to swell from a lymph node infection by the groin area? For the past year I have been experiencing pain in the left side of my penis which is also accompanied by swelling. Is it normal to still have leg swelling almost a year after an injury? I have ear, jaw and tooth pain, along with swollen gland. Who should I see? I broke my wrist in two places 6 weeks ago and it is still very swollen. Is that normal? Does a pt in the hospital need to see a Gastroenterologist for Diverticulosis surgery. rolled my ankle and it was swollen for two days and very bruised, is it a sprain or broken? I woke up this morning with my upper gum swollen and feels like it just moved, could I have a large parasite in my gums? I fell and hit my leg right below my knee. No swelling or bruising. Very painful if it is bumped. What could this be? swelling on legs and falling hair is any symptoms of liver probloms? I got stitches in my shin after falling on a step. How much swelling is normal and when can I exercise? can a man with no testicles get and maintain an erection What could poosibly cause a swollen lymph nobe on the back right side of head? Very tender and causing slight headaches. Bruised penis at base on top At 31 weeks pregnant, I fell and twisted my ankle. What can I take for the pain and swelling? Do I have an std or a fungal infection? I am a 25 year old male. My breast has been itchy, red, swollen, tender and warm. I also have a new lump. My knees feel hot to the touch. There has been no pain, swelling, surgery or injuries. My body temp is normal. swollen lymph nodes I have one purple nipple. It's acts weird. I am 16 How soon can you jog after an ankle sprain? Little pain, but there is swelling and slight numbness. What could be my health problem. swelling on left side of penis, better recently but still stressed about it oral sex with my husband my mouth react as if I was allergic, like latex,palat tongue,lips swell Condom or Diabetes(?) stomach swollen and hair loss and lump on side of neck and extremly tired but no chance of pregnacy help please MY COLLEGE STUDENT HAS SWOLLEN AND OOZING SKIN ON FOREHEAD, SWOLLEN LYMPH GLANDS AND HEADACHE. IS IT IMPETIGO OR MRSA? Painless swelling under penis head noticeable only during full erection. Uncircumcised age-25y.o. Hi. I am 25 y.o. I have a painless swelling under my penis head. Please follow links below for images. What's wrong with me I'm scarred.. i have a tooth absess that is swelling into my eye what sould i do My 23 mth old has had a swollen lymp node on the backside of his neck for almost 5 months, his Dr. won't run test. What would cause a 5 year old to have a swollen intestine My 4 year old smash her finger in a door. What should I do? What could cause my ankles to swell during the day and be better in morning only to swell again during the day Sprained ankle 8 weeks ago. Still swollen below knob bone pain on side of foot both worsen with any walking; indicates? Issue with knee. I woke up 4 days ago with a painful lump on my finger.Whole figer is swollen and hurts. Can it be staff or spider bite? does getting sunburn while pregnant hurt the baby I have Problem with scrotum.....the left side has some nerves and palpations increses in the evening....plzzz help I have blood in the eye along with a bruise and slight swelling. I woke up two days ago with this. Blood in eye with bruising and slight swelling. Woke up 2 days ago with this. Now having headache.See a Dr or let it be? what does it mean if your ureters are swollen pain and swelling in wrists, hands, feet, ankles and feeling of snapping rubber band in fingers, sore muscles, knee pain How much swelling should I have after surgery to remove my ovary? could a doctor have missed a fracture? posterior cruciate ligament injury I hit my ankle on the car after falling off the curb and twist it. My girlfriend is very small and feels pain and swelling after we have intercourse. Any suggestions on what we can do? fingered a day ago and now vagina swollen inside?? I decided to use a drug via needle, I know have a painful, red, swollen, hard abscess in that area. Is this serious?  Can bacterial vaginitis cause enough swelling that a urethral stricture could occur? Best over the counter anti-inflammatory for swollen arthritic joints my 2 year old son is constipated, with a swollen stomach and a loss of appetite Can you have blood clots in the vaginal area on one sidw mm Can you get blood clots in your vaginal area causing bulg  Should I stop using prescribed saline nasal spray for severe sinus infection if it only makes symptoms worse?  My right hand is very painful and swollen, what causes this? Why do my feet and hands swell when it is hot? My right hand swells and pain shoots to my elbow when I turn my right arm a certain way. So I have this problem with my hands. As far as I can tell it is Carpal Tunnel. Here are the symptoms... My nose swelled up and began bruising, when will the swelling go down? Head of penis and skin directly under red and swollen My frenulum is still very swollen after my circumcision, it's been over 3 months now. Will this ever go down? I am a 40 year woman,a month and a half ago I began to have swelling in both of my legs from just below the knee down. I fell down stairs and bruised my hip/thigh on Tuesday. Today the foot on that leg is swollen. Should I see Dr? my little toe is swollen and sore for no reason i have type 2 diebetes could this be from the dieabetes?anyone know why  I'm concerned that I might have an internal hemorrhoid. How do I know the difference between this and possibly cancer? Can roach bites cause a skin infection My daughter has allergic reactions from unknown allergens. Should we follow a certain diet to rule out allergens? Tingling/numbness in left calf, now became crampy, esp when walking. No swelling, heat or red. Comes and goes. Severe. I am taking batrim for cellulitis on my forearm. I noticed swelling under my armpit, same side, should I be concerned? I've had swollen tonsils for over a month now and it's my first time getting them, what does this mean? My girlfriend has an egg-shaped cyst or boil near her pelvic bone. It is very hard and painful. Can it be a bartholin?  Tip of middle toe clicks and is loose. Could it be dislocated? My left testicle still has pain and sensitivity after a little over 6 months after the varicocele surgery. Why? very sore ankle tenden Why are the two small toes on left foot swollen, sore, and purple at the end of each day? CAN STOMACH TISSUE TEAR WHILE WORKING OUT Can neuropathy cause swelling of the ankles My fingers are swollen, painful, and itchy, what causes this? Swollen lymph nodes? is a thin red line moving up your arm from site of swollen, itchey spider bite,a sign of blood poisioning? how to treat a cut on the outside of the vigina Swollen upper eyelid on the right side of my right eye. No itching, burning, discharge, redness. Its just swollen.  My tonsils are swollen and have pus on them. I have post nasal drip and feel like i have to constantly clear my throat.  Can I get HIV from open mouth kissing that lasted one or two seconds? guy gently sucked my lips for two or three seconds Got a bite that started to swell to about 2 inch, then after a day started to bruise/discolor starting from the oustide. Should I go in to a doctor? What bug did this? can menopause have anything to do with swollen feet How long does ice help for swelling Boyfriends thigh cramped, bruised and swelled up huge. Cat scan, ultrasound done, no diagnosis. ??? Whole thigh bruised. 17 Y/O son had a Baseball bounce up and hit his testicles Complaing of abd pain-How long should you wait before an exam Red and Swollen Tip of Penis What do I do if my eye is red, swollen, mucus filled, painful, and blurry? can i get humira over the counter? If not, then how? Swollen cliterous Five months into Achilles Tendinitis, what should I do? It was definitely healing but lately its been worse than ever :( My 80 year old mother's left leg is swollen from her thigh to her foot however, she claims not to have any pain?  swelling down from IV filtreated into arm female.discharged from hospital yesterday.diabetes,pacemaker and dementia. Can herpes cause joint pain I have a few very swollen, painful, kinda itchy bumps in my right armpit that resemble bug bites. What are they? Ive been having horrible pain and swelling in my wrist for months, Its not getting any better, what should I do? Has anyone ever got a sore tounge or swollen throat while taking antbiotics? Exactly how does Chasteberry (Vitex) interact with Estrogen? Can it help decrease high Estrogen levels feeding Fibroids? The cysts was lanced open to drain on its own but now longer drains. What should be done. Is my finger broken or just swollen really bad? I had a partial nephrectomy on May 8, 2014. For same reason I still have a great deal of swelling in my stomach area.. what are the odds that I gave my ex the virus when he had an outbreak two weeks before me?  Constipation and swollen rectum, sometimes bloody stool and internal pain when having a bowel movement Is one testical being swollen normal in a 2 year old? Do I need to get medical treatment for a broken big toe? I have excessive swelling and discoloration of my legs and feet. Have cirrhosis. What does this mean? can the inguinal lymph nodes swell due to jock itch Should i consult the doctor if i am ra positive? Why do my ovaries hurt? My right leg feels heavy, some blue coloring in spots, and both of my ankles are swollen. possible causes? how can i tell if my wisdom tooth is becoming infected? With a clean mammogram 7 months ago, what is the chance of breast cancer with a swollen lymph node and breast mass? puncture wound from dog bite on calf 3 days old surrounding area swollen hard and painful Infection ? or vain damage  I have mild but uncomfortable swelling at night and in the morning? Any idea what this could be, what causes it?  broken toe versus sprained toe bee sting under eye and eye is swollen shut. what do i do my grandson is 14 he rubbed his nose to the point that it is red and swollen and hurts to the touch, could it be broken? can artritus in one knee cause arthritus in the other knee.  Before my husband was involved in a bad car accident his ejaculation was thick and milky ,now it's clear and watery. What can cause an infant boys scrotum to swell? Diagnosed with Cellulitis. Antibiotics for 3 days, redness, warmth and itching gone. Is it safe to go swimming? Is swelling in face and hands normal during pregnancy?  yellow jackets stung hand 7x at once. Had pain, swelling, no anaphlactic reaction. Carry an Epipen from now on? How long should a bee sting swelling and itching last? 6yr old yesterday fell headfirst has bump on forehead this morning her eye is swollen/purple should i go to er? Family history of kidney cancer, eclamptic with pregnancy, now have swollen feet/ank that wont go away should I worry? Fire ant swelling second day, use ice? Late period, swollen (not sore boobs), frequent urination (but believe UTI), finally day 12 light red/brown blood, preg? fell on my leg a week ago and it's still bruised and swollen a week later Missed period 7weeks, foot and ankles are swelling and back pain My anus feels swollen what do I do? My husband seems to have Psoriatric Arthritis, he has never had psoriasis before. Can both appear at the same time? was there some sort of drug in my drink? My face is very dry from an allergic reaction. Should I let it heal naturally without moisturizing? pricked by nail, slight swelling and bruising, arm aches. any ideas? I dropped a cupboard door on my foot, why is it painfully swollen and my toes are black? im as 55 year old male with swollen lower legs and feet im short of breath and completley out of energy. help should you take a diuretic when taking chemo Can an abscessed tooth lead to cellulitis? I recently had unprotected sex, almost a week later my lymph nodes in the back of my neck and head are swollen and aches Can passing a kidney stone cause ankle swelling? My left eye feels heavy since yesterday, and today I am feeling light headed and having nausea.  My 13 year old daughter has red sores on her vagina. There is no discharge or smell, just painful and itching.  Penis swollen in area just under head. Dark spot in middle like a bruise. Tender to touch urinating is normal. why would your penis swell and tingle after sex? I'm also not circumsized  can poor circlation in legs cause extreme swelling in feet and lower portion of legs. is this dangerous the nerve in the bottom of my foot starts to iching so bad i scarch it so that it swell up . what std causes swollen tonsills I cut my finger on rusty screw. Its been 14 yrs since Tenanus shot. I now have pain in wrist and swelling.will bos prev? I have a light brown spot on my earlobe that is hard to the touch and sorta swollen. what is it? its painful If the thyroid is swollen can it cause a person to feel like something is stuck in the back of the throat? will I have a high risk pregnancy What is the typical cost for an epidural? I was quoted between $10k-$20k for one 1 shot which seems astronomical. swollen inner ankles and ontop both big toes with a red hot rash surrounding the swelling? Help! i have a part of my head of the penis itchy and when i scratch it swells What is an altenative to tylenol  i know i have gout does gout make i swell up all over when its acting up How long should swelling last on a broken bone? Lump with small bumps on foreskin When can I return to my everyday life with mono? What the side effects of my body rejecting stainless steel screws in my ankle? can smoking cause swollen ankles My stomach has been swelling and bulging and even making movement as if a babys inside of me but im not pregnant. Can medication cause problems with the penis? My husband has a swollen finger and now his knee and foot are swollen, what kind of DR should he see? My husband has a swollen finger and now his knee and foot are swollen, what kind of DR should he see? I've got a really bad earache as well as a very  My clitoral frenulum and labia minora are swollen My daughter has very painful blisters in her throat without fever or swollen glands. What could be the cause? I am having leg swelling when i am inactive or when i do particular swim strokes and it goes off by next day morning. I got bitten by a spider or something like it years ago on my thumb. Redness and itching keeps coming up. how to take care of a infected belly piercing?  what to wear if testicles are swollen Lymph nodes behind right ear swollen for 5 days, can feel both nodes distinctly, 1 big 1 small. What should I do? How dangerous is Botox when used to treat lazy eye at 7.5 International Units? What is the risk of anaphalaxis? Can overuse of tineacid cause penis issues? Male using this product since Aug. now has rash and soreness of penis  if there were fluid in the scrotum would the whole scrotum be swollen? The skin below my left buttock is sensitive and also accompanied with some acne-like bumps. Any suggestions? IS IT NORMAL FOR THE VIRGINIA TO SWELL AFTER SEX When I wake up, my ear is often swollen shut and wet. I have no pain and feel better after moving around for 10 minutes. Why is my lymph node swollen in my neck? I banged my arm and think it's fractured. It immediately swelled up and now is generating heat. Is a temp normal? Sudden onset of pain, swelling and bruising in a knuckle on my hand. Tender to the touch. No injury; Some joint pain. 