62 yrs. old. Having tenderness around my nipple when clothes rub against it; some pain in whole breast. Not pregnant Brown spotting around time i should be starting my eriod. no pms i am not on birth control  Have a dull ache that originated under my Adam's apple. Seems to be better when I'm laying down. Throbs standing up. I have pain at the base of my thumb by the wrist. Chronic pain, weakness, tenderness to touch I have stopped taking birth control after about 30 yrs and am perimenopausal. Why are my nipples tender and enlarged? I have sharp shooting pelvic pains on the right side, and breast tenderness. this is after mestration. Should i worry? I have all the symptoms of hypothyrodisim and it runs in my family but I also have very tender breasts. Is that normal? My nipples feel very tender/sore and if I squeeze them milk comes out...WHY!?! I have my ovaries still after hysterectomy. Can I still have bleeding and bloating?  Am I pregnant? I haven't had a period in over a year now. Is it normal to have light bleeding, mild cramping, and tender breast?  white growth on upper gum. Granular in nature. Minimal pain Almost 12 y/o boy complaining of tenderness at and around the nipple area upon touch. Is this normal? I recently got bike handle bars to the lower abdomen and now have a hard rock like tender spot forming. What to do? on the outside of Lt.wrist swollen around bone, tender,burning and major pain w/any movement.can move fingers w/no pain. Had surgery 10/3. Incision is really red, tender and a little yellow puss is there. Should I have it looked at? my breast are swolen and sore. They swell and stay so tender to the touch.Why???  My daughter has a lump on the right side of her neck. It feels hard and is tender. could i be pregnant Rash on shoulder that moved to neck, left side and now a lump/swelling in front of neck. What could be the cause? Pain in right hip that shoots down the leg on the right side. Occurs after walking/standing for long periods of time. i have constant pain in my vagina bone. it is tender to the touch. why are the taste buds on the back of my tongue tender/painful Itchy palms and fingers bilaterally_turned to multiple tender blisters over past 12 hr_now tender blisters back of neck  Sharp pain in the right lower middle back when inhaling or moving which travels around to the front under rib cage. What will cause my big toe nail go black? This is my Left to and partial nail is black in the cornor. tubal ligation 24yrs ago. I am tired,clothes tighter, discharge from breasts, heartburn. moody. Am I pregnant My throat just below the adam's apple is tender to touch and it is difficult to swallow and hurts, but no sore throat. i have a pencil size growth that has appeared at the hairline in th middle of my forehead. slightly itches and tender  How long after being hit in TMJ area, should pain be sharp when touching it and opening mouth? Right side of pubic area near bikini line is swollen and tender My mother has suffered for four years with headaches,dizziness and a stroke. She now has 3 personalities. What can I do? occasional tingling on the inside and some tenderness under left side of chest, upper abdomen or liver area I am a male. please help!! i had all signs of being pregnant and then i got my period is that normal?? what could it be? I have swelling, tenderness and heat throughout my whole foot. Could it be gout? have tiny purple,black color blister like,on gums where molor was years ago. tender. worry? skin tender to the touch, but no visible evidence. lasting 1-2 days then moving to another area. can i be pregant while on the depo shot. I have slight ear pain in my left ear with 2 swollen glands that are tender under my jaw should i be worried? 19 years old, no menstral for 6 months now, breast are sore, tender to touch, pregnancy test reads negative,whats wrong Can you get pregnant through clothing? Minor swelling on one cheek for a week. Painless, sometimes tender. Chills sometimes when most swollen. Should I worry? I have been so emotional the last week and senstive breast but I had period after ovulation date could I be pregnant? Took Plan B pill, havent had a period in almost two months. Pregnant? pain is almost unbarable arms hurt so bad , but realy deep ache I have been tested for lymes but fear I still have it ? I am having pain in the left side of my abdominal...also tenderness and soreness...possible cause.. Should I go to the ER for black stool and vomiting? Big toe pain? spotting before last mentruation.Two weeks before period having increased discharge, swollen tender breasts. pregnant? Besides tender swollen lymph node in neck, also have lump in front of ear. Presently on clyndamycin. Possible causes? Do I have herpes or something else? I have pregnancy symptoms, including no period. I'm 12 days late. hpt have been negative. What is going on with me? Is it possible to be feeling symtoms of pregnancy 5-7 days after ovulation? Havent had period since Nov. but have mucus could this be ovulation? also tender breast,stomach pains,trouble breathing If my period is early, when will I ovulate? In 2007 I got stress fractures on both knees. Is it normal to still have severe pain after that many years? What can cause severe widespread tenderness of the skin? Normal period. two weeks later, bad stomach cramps,discharge,tender breasts and started bleeding (never happened before) I went to a "foam party" and did a lot of dancing. My buttocks is covered in tiny red scabs or scales-- what is this? Both my 5 yo ( lt.side) and 8 yo (bilat) girls have red swollen nipples no visable insect bites or break in skin I have genital herpes and I have a swollen gland that I usually get right before an outbreak.  Is it possible to have pregnancy symptoms on day 17 of a 28 day cycle? What would cause very sharp, breath taking pain from my stomach all the way through to the end of my rectum? Shiny Red sores on outer Labia (line running from top to bottom), had for 3 years - now 17 Yrs old. Inside vagina feels swollen and painful to insert tampon. There's no discharge, no smell. Concerned..havent had my period since March 2013, yet my breasts are tender.. I am definitely not pregnant. Could I be pregnant while on the Mirena IUD? I have had swollen, tender, itchy breasts for approximately a month and a half, what could be the cause? I've been on the pill since 13 nonstop, I'm sexually active and my nipples are very tender for the first time ever why? I'M 57, COULD I STILL HAVE WISDOM TEETH is it possible 2 carry a tubal baby 2 full term is it possible that i am pregnant with breast tenderness, breast itching, nasuea, headaches  Will sex feel different when you're pregnant? Is an 18 week NONREACTIVE HIV Abbot Architect Ag/Ab Combo conclusive? i have a lump in my right breast that keeps disappearing and reapearing It's been a week since I had sexso I wanted to know if I might be pregnant ? Can a yeast infection cause painful tender, pelvic lymph nodes? I have been having unprotected sex lately and i have PCOS. I normally dont have a period. I have lost about 50 pounds How to treat a burst sebaceous cyst? I have the implanon rod and I am experiencing pregnancy symptoms. Pimple or infection? (We live temp. in Middle East...reliable Dr. diagnosis is difficult.) how can i tell if I am pregnant or starting menopause? I am 1 month shy of 50 years old but my peiod is very light my 23 YO son developed a 2 inch lump at the base of the skull just above the hairline. Small brown spots around breasts? can penicillin cause gums to bleed i have a large bump under skin in my wrist ,it dont have any pain or tenderness what can it be Why does my bulging disc at T12/L1 only sometimes cause a problem, as far as walking and standing is concerned? Is there an Artery3 that could be around your navel and goes to the back? When touched its very tender I'm cramping like I'm on my period and my bowls seem to make me fill constipated but I'm going could I be pregnant What can I do for a very enlarged taste bud? Sinusitis/Sinus Infection/Strep Throat or What? Could I be pregnant 7 days late Should I have UTI rechecked if still have lower back and abdominal tenderness along with urinating frequently? My epididymis is the size of my testicle and tender. I have been on 500mg ciprofloxacin for three weeks with no change. I am 48 I have been through menapause since I was 36. I have nipple tenderness and sore breasts for about 2-3 weeks.  I am 16 days late for my period and at 14 days late I had a light pink discharge but still no period. Early pregnacncy? Sore nipples not pregnant Yesterday I felt a quick sharp pain to my chest, then total body numbess and a rush of heat and sweats. Any ideas why?  I have pain, severe itching,dry skin,drainage, tenderness in my left nipple, going into the brown area around it. worried age 56 have not had a period in 5 years last week tender breasts and now bloody vaginal discharge and cramping i had a period nov 1. On Nov 30 i had another period that was about normal as the Nov. 1, but i havent had one since.  my husband is weak throwing up blood and stomach is enlarged  I have a bump underneath the tip of my tongue. What is it? 37 year old had tubal done 11 years ago having tender breasts and milky discharge? I had a marsupialization of the Bartholin's cyst last March. Is it possible for a recurrence? Having the same symptoms. My right testicle has been tender for quite a while now. Everything looks normal down there. The left testicle is fine.  my period is 3 weeks late and i feel bloated, could i be pregnant? Could I be pregnant? back of calf is painful and tender to touch,hurts to walk after getting out of bed,walking upstairs and down  My ankle has been hurting for about a week and i have joint pains swelling tenderness what do I do  Regarding Cysts...If an area is red and tender to the touch, Is this an emergency room visit? Identify this: Blister like in appearance, solid core, white bump on skin, no redness, no pain 6 days late Whats wrong with my knee? i am 20yrs unmarried girl, clear discharging from right breast n tenderness is present.. whwt is reason behind this? my bellybutton is tender and sore,and slightly red in color.what is this from"? and what could be causing the soreness?  i took a home pregncey test and only the pregnet line came up what does that mean I'm a 21 year old Male. I've recently found a small sized lump near my armpit, could it be cancer? What could poosibly cause a swollen lymph nobe on the back right side of head? Very tender and causing slight headaches. My breast has been itchy, red, swollen, tender and warm. I also have a new lump. Why are my nipples tender? Peasize lump under skin right near tragus very painful and tender what is it? What is it?  After implantation, is it more common to experience no symptoms than it is to experience any? appears to be a callous on my second toe. tender to the touch or when i am wearing socks and shoes. any self treatment? I got my tubes tied after my 3rd child. Its been 2 years now. I have had my period every 28 days for 6 days. I have a recurring abrasion on my leg with ongoing abcess beneath. I travel in Asia, and swim often in the Pacific. I am currently 98 days late for my period. 6 negative HPTs. With hormonal symptoms. Could I still be pregnant? im on my second implant implanon its 2 be removed next year for the last 2 weeks been having breast tenderness all over Enlarged lymph node on the left side of neck and smaller one on right side. What could that be?  33 yr old husband and I trying to conceive. Having to pee a lot and my breast have been very tender for about 2 weeks.  I fell on my elbow is it broke or bruised Never had sex never had my 1st period but have a feeling of fullness in my lower abdomen i want to know i slept on my left breast now it is sore on nipple felt a little knot or lump not sure which one it is. can i be pregnant even with spotting is ED a side effect of gabapentin i got a scratch from a rusty radator and today the other side of my leg is tender to touch and painful to touch? Is it possible my girlfriend is pregnant? what can tender breast and light cramping and spotting mean? When do you re-seek medical attn for hematoma? I have a zit like abscess on my manhood what could that be Lower half of lower leg has red spots and is very tender? I've been a heavy drinker most of my life I'm experiencing tingly hands, painful bumps on fingers and tenderness in arms why do my breast feel tenderness when I'm gonna start my period. It's been like that for a few months.  Posion ivy on my genitals? I hope Period is 16 days late, lower back and abdominal pains, discharging, but pregnancy tests are negative. Other causes? While lying on floor kissing with hubby on top, I felt a "pop" and got pain in the upper left abd/ribs. What can it be? 