What should I look for during a testicular self-exam? 2 months ago, I had a penile implant. My testicle sac containing the controls keeps filling with fluid. Will it go away? latly when i get an erection when i try to adjust it so its alittle more comfortable i get this painful sensation Having testicle pressure, urethra pain, minor burning while urinating. Chlamydia, gonnorhea negative, what can it be? during a bowl movement cloudy discharge come from my penis.No pain in penis from discharge but some lower/testicle pain No sores or visible symptoms, could I have herpes? pain in testicals fullness/presure feelin,hurts to shart urinating afteri pee hurts to walk bend,what could it be mild pain or aching of right testicle localized where all the strings attach to testicle, intermittent for two years now testicle and stomach pain drinking soda I have bad pain at the end of my left tisticle espicially when touched. Causes slight pain over the last 2 weeks If a man's testicles are uneven can there be something wrong? my grandson age 10 months penis hardly visible testicle size normal . is this cause of concern and further investigation icthy and rashes problem wid my penis and anus???? sack of fluid in scrotum. Previously had surgery for strangled testicle. my sons' left testicle seems to disappeared-his family DR. couldn't find it and it was there last year-he is 9 years old 14mo boy, diarrhea x 2days. Testicle now swollen and painful. Diarrhea greenish white. can kidney stones be found in your testicles I found lumps on my left testicle what could this mean? . Recenlty had abdominal surgery, a partial colonectomy. Penis and testicles are now mishapen, swollen, and discolored.  slight pain on one of testicles Inguinal Hernia Surgery recovery: Ejaculation 5 days after: experienced sharp pains and testicle is now swallen, help? There is a really sore and swollen area between my right testicle and leg. Is it a hernia? Syphillis? Cancer? I became sexually aroused without relieving myself and now feel a dull pain in my left testicle, happened when 10 now 17 Three months ago a lump started forming inside my right testicle. Coughing and sneezing cause extreme pain. Is it cancer Diagnosis? had a UTI and now experience pressure above the anus and testes and ejaculation does not feel same I have had variocele in my left testicle since 7th grade, now i felt a bump behind and under the same teste. what is it? what causes testicular pain radiating to your kidneys Does testicle size affect amount of ejaculate? I was checking my husband's testicles and I felt a peanut size lump above his left testicle not sure if we should worry? got kicked in my testicle...about an hour ago...left...pain Greetings. My wife of 17 years and I EACH want to be seduced by the other. However, last night, we had VERY GOOD sex.?? i have had a large hard lump on my testicle for many years. it has tripled in size since i first discovered it. it hurts How swollen does your testicle have to get before it is serious? Doctor test results in mail states I am fine, but i noticed protien in urine test was 30mg/fl a abnormal amount. I zipped my testicles while putting on jeans...and still in pain, how can i ease the pain? My 4 year old was diagnosed with descending testicals. has this already affected his fertility? Why am I getting a rash or blisters in the area between my testicles and anus? I have a red moist itchy spot under my penis. In between my testicals and penis. permanant pain in testicles I have a small rash on both inner thighs only where my testicles touch. What could this be? Do I have anal abscess? Give me the exact symptoms. Which doctor should I consult? I have testicular atrophy and erection problems from prohormone. Can my body fix itself? can having Varicocele make my testicle pull up higher than normal when standing I have cryptorchidism, i have located the testicl and can feel the semen tubes can i make babies am i fertile can i go through puberty without one testicle im 26, i have only one testicle, after a treatment of orchiopexi can i have a chance to produce a baby....? Why I can masturbate only when my testicles are pressed? my penis is shriveled up head yellow shaft dark I'm 15 my penis is shriveled up head yellow shaft dark I'm 15 I was born with one testicle, when I did a spermogram I find out that I suffer from Hypospermia. is there any cure? male 52, testosterone spiked to 1900 from 800 while on trt, anyone know a cause? using a compunded cream to treat Could my use of Advair, sythroid or lisopril be causing my penis and testicles to shrink. I am 59. 6'1 260lbs Large lump on the base of the right testicle which comes and goes Have lower back pain off and on sometimes testicals hurt bad also. what could this be? Why testicles shrink to smaller size and also penis becomes smaller in size ?  why does my testicle sack droop when i am hot and shrink when i am cold How long does it take for testicles to be completely full of semen? At that point, it should be at maximum sensitivity? Im 28 prostate problems or something else? Frequent urination/split stream/excess dribbling spots in pant minutes after I have pain in both testicles, and the left testicle is kind of swollen. I thought std's but test came back normal 13 Days of rash on thighs and testicles now bumps with intense pressure and discomfort, what to do? Can an ultrasound not "see" something? I have a pea-sized spermatocele that wasn't found on an ultrasound. I have had sharp pains (uroligist pined it to epididymitis) on both sides of the testicles. Dull throbing pain in testicles, off and on but getting worse. Possiinly related to racquetball injury months ago. What are my risk of having testicular cancer? Sharp right testicle pain, To scared to go to sleep and its 4am.. Will an inguinal hernia affect fertility? It is close to my penis and testicles sometimes painful. I'm pretty worried. A recent testicular ultrasound showed I have restricted blood flow to both testes but no torsion. What could it be? I started having pain 6 months after my Vasectomy is there a way to fix this? Is it normal for a vein on my right testicle to harden? (not leading up spermatic cord, but on the "front" the testicle) My epididymis is the size of my testicle and tender. I have been on 500mg ciprofloxacin for three weeks with no change. i have a small dull ache in my left testicle after i masturbated too much Is it safe to masturbate after testicular torsion surgery? burning testicles but no burning urine or sensitivity on head of penis I had a vas'y 2 weeks ago, my left testicle is still swollen, along with the left side of my groin. Is this common? Is there any problem will happend in future if the testicles is damaged? I had surgery when I was 5 and they told me my "testicle will descend over time". 16 now and it still hasn't. Why? to Dr. Moser i hope you read this Pain around anus Warts of testicles can testicular cancer cause the inability to achieve or maintain an erction? Why do my testicles insert into my body when I ejaculate? What could cause moderate testicular pain and small amounts of leaking during a date? I have sharp pains from my belly button to my testicles I am having pain in my lower abdomen on right side and it goes down to my testicles. What could cause this pain? why are the ovaries located inside the body and the testicles located outside the body? testicular pain My right testicle has been tender for quite a while now. Everything looks normal down there. The left testicle is fine.  My husband frequently says that his testicles are sweaty. He wipes them down with rubbing alcohol, is this ok? very small testicles one of my testices has always been larger. but recently it has grown much larger and hurts (dull pain). Wednesday night I urinated. At end of urination, had a pain in my right testicle. What could cause this? I need Help!!! Groin and Hip Discomfort, left testicles is bothering me. Please help!! The epididymis is normally at the back of the testicle. Can it accidently become separated from the testicle? ejaculation questions what is the feeling right before you ejaculate when sperm comes out during ejaculation is part liquid, part pieces clumped together- rubbery consistancy very painful Why is my right testicle pulling up towards my body? (regardless of temperarture?) my one testicles is much bigger than another...is this problem? i am scared. can a man with no testicles get and maintain an erection I have pain in my right testicle. When pain increases, veins in the scrotum become pronounced. Pain comes and goes.  my testicles started hurting with no trauma to them. Could this be a hernia? I have an itch on the back of my testicles that itches, it comes and goes. I went to my doctor and dermatologist no luck Is once a day to much masturbation for a 15 year old with one testicle 11 yr old son testicle will no longer move down, painful to touch, why? hello, I always feel uncomfortably itchy right after ejaculating! no pain while pissing! struggling to make her pregnant Does having one testicle cause having one sex of offspring I have Problem with scrotum.....the left side has some nerves and palpations increses in the evening....plzzz help I am a 60 year old male that has trouble getting and maintaining an erection.  Bruised left testicle My boyfriend only has his right testical,so is it possible to produce a baby boy with only a right testicle? when I overexert myself during exercise or intercoarse I get this bad pain in my anal area along with my testicles How is epididymitis effected by having a vasectomy? I had one 14 yrs ago, but having pain in both testicles 4 days. Is it normal for testicles to get larger with age? Open wound with white stuf(not pus)f on right testicle. Please help is it normal to have freely moving testicle? is it a defect or what? can he still produce good sperm?? Husband had prostate cancer removed robotically. now 1 testicle twice the size of other.could cancer have returned? if you lose both testicles can you get an erection and produce sperm. i am 18 years old my one testile is very small than other and there is no pain inside it then what is the reason Can a 17 year old addicted to masturbation have prostate cancer? Can your testicle get hard from epididymitis? Why do I still need my testicles? My left testicle still has pain and sensitivity after a little over 6 months after the varicocele surgery. Why? my right side testicle has been removed 7 to 8 year ago. is it possible to regain through transplant or stem cell ? How can you cool down the main vein in a males testicle that gets too hot and causes infertility? why does it seem one or booth of my testicles move up into my body durring sexual interaction? 17 Y/O son had a Baseball bounce up and hit his testicles Complaing of abd pain-How long should you wait before an exam is bruiseing of the penis and testicle normal after surgery I have constant itching in the scrotum and testicle area for a long time. I have constant itching in the scrotum and testicle area for a long time. Regarding testicles One testicle too small (after surgery) Before my husband was involved in a bad car accident his ejaculation was thick and milky ,now it's clear and watery. how long do the symptoms of excessive masterbation last what could possible cause a scab/sore formation on the lower left hands side of the testicle sore on testicle turned into a soft patch of skin after scabing over what could it be i have a bit of pain could an undesended testicle become cancerous or would it just dissolve into the body if left untreated? My father tells me he was hit in the testicles when playing football as a 19 year old. Could that cause his sterility? right testicle is a lot bigger than my left for about 2 years Can a groin strain lower your sex drive or cause erectile dysfunction? How can I stop this pain in my testicles and bum? Regarding Testicles I have on my penis and testicles, a total of what looks like three blackhead pimples. Is this possible? What causes muscle spasms (painless) in or near the testicles? Will HCG treatment, get my testicle size back after mumps related testicular shrinkage? Is it possible for a radiologist to miss a testicular tumor? What causes the right testicle to become enlarged? It's been like that for several years. There is no pain. what to wear if testicles are swollen Pain in my left testicle Epididymis if there were fluid in the scrotum would the whole scrotum be swollen? Testicle Surgery Recovery  