When should I seek medical care for a sore throat? What's the best treatment for my sore throat? I have a cough and itchy throat. Ive tried Allegra, but it isnt helping. Would Claritin or Zyrtec be better?  Is it okay if I give my 3-year-old Alka-Seltzer Plus Night-Time Cold for his sore throat, body aches, and hoarse cough? I was diagnosed with strep throat. Why should I get it now when I've never caught it from my children? I am 4 weeks pregnant and my throat is very sore. My tonsils feel swollen but I dont have a cold. What can I take? My son vomited about 10 minutes after taking a second dose of penicillin for strep throat. Should he take the next dose? What are the symptoms of strep throat? My son got a flu shot and four days later, he got strep throat. Does he need another flu shot? I am taking 15 mg of Adderall XR. I have a sore throat. Is it okay to take Nyquil? Can acetaminophen or ibuprofen be taken for a sore throat while taking seizure medication?  I am 11 weeks pregnant and have a sore throat. I would like to know if using cough drops would be safe.  My 22-month-old is taking amoxicillin for strep throat. Is it safe to give her Tylenol as well for the fever?  I have little yellow-green bits coming up out of the back of my throat. Is this food that is lodged in my esophagus? Is it possible that a newborn that tested negative for group b strep to start showing symptoms of it as a young adult? I have a small light brown patch of pigment on my throat - side effect of contraceptive pill? Cough tastes like pennies (metallic), but is a dry cough. Normal? Have a dull ache that originated under my Adam's apple. Seems to be better when I'm laying down. Throbs standing up. My daughter gets blisters in her throat every few weeks Some are full of pus, turning into bronchitis. What causes?  Why does air come out of my mouth when blowing my nose? what if antibiotics arent helping an ear infection Can someone get sick (sore throat, cough, etc.) from being too cold... such as being in air conditioning? i wake up in the morning with sore throat and phlem in my throat i didnt have it before i went to sleep After getting sick (step, I believe), a sinus issue developed. Has persisted and I'm having pressure headaches now. Everytime I make out with this guy I get a sore throat the next day. coughing up blood, mucus drainage, sinus congestion, sneezing, and sore throat. What could the be from? I have symptoms of a thyroid disorder, but results come back negative. What could it be? I have a white spot about the size of a large grain of rice, in the back of my throat on my tonsil of the left side. What can be the cause of having black spots on my throat? How long can I wait if swelling of the cheek, pain in throat, pain in jaw,(infected tooth?) to go to a dentist? My lymph nodes have been swollen for 8 months. Almost no pain. I have a history of bad sinuses. Can that be related? HOw soon after you first start taking a medication do u have to wory about going into anaphylatic shock? answer in hours Why can't I open my mouth? Type your question here.Wife is 28 wks pregnant. (age 33)Has a sore throat, cough, temp. of 99.1 and voice sounds horse. What medication can be used for minor throat and chest pain following endoscopy?  6 months ago my daughter was diagnosed with mono. today we still battle the white stuff in her throat.anything we can do This Cold Won't Quit! hi im only 14 and i have a sore throat and ive been shaking a lot and slight feaver and a headache what could it be? can aburterol help my cough can pinkeye make you have the chills? Red spots behind ears correspnding with sore throat Have persistant mild-moderate sore throat, been nearly two weeks. OTC aids little relief. Time to see doc? I have a constant heart burn and I feel like I have a softball stuck in throat. What is wrong? Laryngitis 3 weeks. 2 rounds antibio. and steroids no help Why? I have a ball / lump in my throat, just under ear and jaw bone, if i move it, or push on it, it hurts. What is this? My daughter has black spots with yellow on top on both sides of her throat.  whats the best way to get rid of a cold thats just starting to come in I have a bad taste in my throat, is this caused by mucus dripping down my throat? sore throat with a white sore on the back of it, i poked at the sore and a solid yellow ball came out. please help I have pain in my throat when i breathe in and a constant pain in my right shoulder.  Can a child get strep throat if they do not have tonsils? Inside of my left ear and palatine tonsil is very swollen and red! HELP! what kind of doctor should treat thyroid cancer? If you have hpv warts on your throat can you pass the hpv virus through french kissing? I keep waking up with violent coughing, but feel fine and don't cough during the day. Should I go to the doctor? why, when i cough, does my head feel like it's being crushed? Why is the cause of a chronic cough so hard to diagnose? what can cause a sore throat with white, almost pimple looking bumps on the back of the throat Does gargling with vodka kill germs in your throat? My throat just below the adam's apple is tender to touch and it is difficult to swallow and hurts, but no sore throat. can shingles appear in the mouth or throat Can you have both a sinus infection and strep throat? Sir, 6 yrs ago both my hands and feet started to swell once a week and more. From 2 yrs Im having sore throat on right. I have a sore throat and when I blow my nose hard a thick gooey mucus mixed with blood come out. What could it be? I have a sore throat and when I blow my nose hard a thick gooey mucus mixed with blood come out. What could it be? Im wondering if my child could possibly have bronchitis I'm just at the end of a cold, and my nose is running non-stop. what causes this and how do I stop it. Can you get strep more than once a year? Can you get strep throat more than once a year? What medication should I take for a fever, sore throat, body achs, and muchus presser in the head and neck Help me!! If I recently got over colitis should I skip taking the penicillin prescribed for my strep throat which is feeling fine? I am taking tamiflu for the flu but why is my throat still hurting after being on meds for 2 days? is azithromycin 500 mg to take 1 tablet a day for 6 days safe? im pregnant 12 weeks and 5 days.. worried about my baby:( I have pain in my throat, but only when I swallow. It feels like a lump above my adam's apple. What could it be? Night sweats/ looking flushed in face and neck/ hot and chilled throughout the day. Is aloe extract from the leaf good to reduce heart burn? I feel like there is some food in my throat and now any other food won't go down. I od meth 3 days ago, but still feel 'off'. If an overdose kills someone does it only occur immediately? I have strange throat abrasions and tonsil stones once in a while. Sharp pain above right nipple, frequent heartburn, and a clogged feeling in throat... is this an ulcer? inspiration pneumonia?  why do i have and itchy throat that makes me hack and gag. i can't sleep at night because i have to spit out flem Night Sweats/ Feeling hot and cold  Is it unusual if diagnosed with strep throat and yeast infection to be sick/very tired 50 hrs after beginning penicillin Can a skin rash or infection last for months? having constant feeling like there is food in my throat, heartburn gotten worse, and i have thownup. hiatal hernia? when I cough a small fleshy thing comes up over the back of my tongue but goes back down when I swallow Is it normal to be feeling worse after taking 3 doses of an antibiotic? i feel like there is something stuck in my throat swallowed small piece of aluminum foil a few days ago, still stuck in throat. what can i do? Does cat scratch disease always cause symtoms at the bite/scratch site? Will kissing/making out cause a sore throat? Since summer 2013, I've been sick at least once a month with a severe sore throat. Could there be an underlying problem? Mucus build up in throat from Upper Respiratory Viral Infection- a month later is it normal??? i went to the doctor and am being treated for strep but after three days of antibiotics What happens to your singing voice after spinal stenosis surgery?  why does my throat hurt on the sides? I have a mouth ulcer and sore throat Is MRSA Pneumonia contagious? Yesterday i checked my weight and it was 54 and when i checked today it said 51 in different scale is it possible? have bronchitis for 3 weeks. Still have throat pain, constant nasal drip and some neck pain. What should I do? what can i give my 5 year old for a soar throat Do you get a fever with a viral throat infection? When should I see a Throat specialist when the tonsil stones wont go away and the penisillin doesnt work? Is a temerature of 96 ok if there is a sore throat involved? why is my entire head hurting to were i cant touch it because of my wisdom teeth does acid reflux cause you to constantly clear your throat of what feels like mucus? What besides Thrush can cause white spots in your throat? It feels like something is caught in my throat and i have been throwing up mucus, what should i do? Can you have a fever with a cold? I have the feeling that something is stuck in my throat, I am hoarse, labored breathing, a hacking cough for 11 weeks How long does a sore throat last?   I have a bad cold. Is it safe to swim?? why does my bag of arrowroot powder say it may cause breathing problems??I want to use this in home made baby powder will strep throat go away without medication? I just got strep throat for the first time at age 26. How do i make sure to not get it again. I have pain in my throat, like lymph node pain, but CT w/contrast ruled out lymph node. Spreads to face,arm,chest,back. can a child have strep throat with no sorethroat or fever. he has welts on his back and arms and face. What is the purpose of a salt water gargle for a sore throat? im sick with a cold have the worst headache ever a sore throat and keep breaking in to sweats. whats wrong with me? help Why does smoking hookah sometimes cause a sore throat? does lidocaine cure canker sores on your throat? On antibiotics for over 24hrs. Fever wont go below 100. ER trip? Swollen lymph node next to Adam's apple, possible STD or HIV? My 5 year old daughter has a swollen tonsil and gland, shes had this 5weeks now, the tonsil has small white dots on it. does a chronic sore throat cause difficulty swallowing or throat spasms? Is there anything I can do/take to help heal my sore throat? I intermittently smell an odor in my nose that no one else smells. I have Rhinuitis. how do I get rid of the smell. How long until z-pack works for strep? Started yesterday and throat is still hurting bad. I had strep about 2 weeks ago I finished the azithromycin 5 days ago. My throat is sore again. Should I get retested? i have been having a swelling type of feeling in my throat.i can eat,drink and breath ok.what could be causeing it??? What can I eat until my fungal throat infection gets better? Can a strep throat that was trated with antibiotics cause joint pain and swelling? wake up thing im going to vomit, dry/scratchy feeling on left side of throat, spitting up mucous I have been coughing up a sticky type of saliva. What is it? Small part of throat hurts and has been getting worse. Now I also have an earache. Ok so i have strep throat, and i have a full perscription of non expired ciprofloxacin can i use that to treat strep? My son has strep throat. How long before his symptoms started showing was he contagious? EXTREMELY TIRED, SEVERE PAIN FROM THROAT DOWN THRU ABDOMEN. I feel hot on the inside but no fever. I have a stomach ache and my throat hurt and glands feel swollen. How can I cure Acid Reflux? I get a severe headache anytime I lay down. I am now resorting to sleeping in my recliner. Any ideas? My son was on day 8 of 1,000mg/day Amoxicillian and he spiked a fever. Should I be worried? What is wrong with me? 14 yr old son diagnosed with a staph infection in throat. Prescribed clindamycin. Standard? Need a followup culture? I have had for 6 days a dry/hard cough along with a lot of sinus pain. Should i buy meds or let it roll its course? cough, feeling cold, shuddering, sore throat, snot, headache, and sore legs? (also, swollen bumps in the back of throat) Can shingles cause respiratory disease My wife took two Benadryl to help her sleep then found a nighttime cold medicine. Would it be safe to take both? Can anyone tell me why is it... That when I go to sleep every night,I hear Air Bubbles in my Throat,Its like POP ROCKS! 21 years old, masturbate 1-2 times a day regularly. Had a possible UTI, now ejaculating less. Retrograde ejaculation? i have discomfort in my throat, feels like cold stuck there weeks now, after oral sex. what u think it is i get headaches, runny/stuffy nose, sore throat, and cough a lot when im at my house but not when i stay somewhere else? Chronic ear pain, sore throat, and a larynx lump all on the left side of body. Thoughts, anyone? After being sick, I feel like I have hair stuck in my throat and I have a tiny knot under my chin. What could this be? allergic reaction treated with benadryl, epinephrine and prednisone is still persisting. serious hives and throat closi Is it a good idea to run again after still feeling wheezy lungs and cough from yesterday's run? what is wrong with me, red bumpy tonuge, spots in throat, bumps on scalp, and other things.... Is there any reaction with taking Zyprexa, Ibuprofen, and Cephalexin in the same day?  Could i be preganant with two negative pregnancy test results? How long does it take for antibiotics to cure strep throat? Is it normal to feel ear drops drain to your eye?  my tonsils are swollen and it started with a headache and have some white spots on tonsil Possible HIV Risk from Kissing? Why do vegetables taste so awful? had a cough for a week and when i go to bed i get a drowning sensation. I barely get sleep. What's wrong? How long should it take to get over strep throat? Is it possible to have a colonoscopy and biopsies from it and not find Crohn's disease, if the patient does have it Nasal drainage, nose passage clogged I have had discomfort in my throat for 4-6 months.  Got hit in the throat near the Adams apple-sore throat and hoase voice after 3 days - treatment? i quit smoking for 2 days, got back into it and now left sie of throat hurts help when i bend over clear fluid leaks out of my left nostril it happend last year but it stopped now it happend this week What causes white splotches on the throat? I've had my tonsils removed, and I don't see any redness in my throat What could this be? My fiances neck is swollen on the left and sore to the touch. Extreme sore throat and pain. What could it be? Mucas in throat when swallowing I have felt my swollen epiglottis in the back of my throat for several days. Tested positive for strep. False positive? I believe I have a fish bone stuck in my throat, do I need to see my doctor and can I wait until office opens tomorrow? Why won't this strep infection go away? For a long time now, it feels like my food gets stuck in my esophagus at the base of my throat. It hurts. What is it ? I had an allergic reaction (likely something I ate),can I just re-try these foods to determine which caused the allergy? Have severe sore throat extreme pain swallow cough run nose. Dr say viral. Taking mucinex for days no help. Suggestions? what can cause pain in the lower right abdomin Is it possible for symptoms of HIV to occur the day after possible exposure? Can you contract HIV when using a non-latex condom or chlamydia? Can household dust cause chronic illness? Do I have lockjaw??? Does exposure to fumes from propane and tar for more than 8 hours cause headaches, sore throat, coughing, and sore eyes? Always have a lump in my throat I get hard, small pieces of what I think is gunk that has hardened that come out of my mouth. What is it? are sore throats more common after tracheotomies Bacterial infection and possible mono in throat - puss? Can I take nighttime cold medicine while pregnant? How long do symptoms last with antibiotics for strep? Do certain foods help bacteria grow while taking antibiotics for strep throat? Does ringing in the ear cause the face to droop on one side? Can a child get scarlet fever while already taking antibiotics for strep throat?  What does Doctors do to check and see if your Tonsils are swollen ?  Can strep throat cause the tongue to look like a strawberry? 1.my salvia is too watery, there is no stickyness in it? why does my throat stick out like a turkey? I've had a sore throat for 4 days and it is not strep with no other symptoms, could it be throat cancer Can you be reinfected with strep while in the middle of treatment? My 14 year old had had a severe headache and sore throat for a week; she just finished antibiotics; what to do? Sinusitis/Sinus Infection/Strep Throat or What? What causes swelling of the tongue..as well as bumps and dryness under the tongue? while asleep having nightmare couldn't breathe gasping for air, waking no air was going into my throat. Still no air can adults get rheumatic fever from strep throat I have been sick for over a month, already finished two rounds of antibiotics and I am still coughing. I've been sick for two weeks already and it's gotten worse today, could it still be viral pharyngitis? Can someone damage a small childs throat in any way by sticking a tongue depresser in too far? Kidney pain and now what seems to be strep throat, could they be related? Is it possible for strep throat to develop while you have whooping cough? can someone who has had their tonsils removed still get strep throat? Can I take Claritin for scratchy throat Losing voice and ear hurt after flu? I have had a cold for a few days, now my adams apple moved to the right side of my throat! running a temperature of 101.9 accompanied with a sore throat after being in the cold for a few hours why is there blood in my spit when i clear my throat Do you want to be active when you have a sore throat? I have some inflammation in my tonsils but I also have a thing hanging beside my uvula that's never been there before If I had yeast infection or bv could either one cause trich? Can a 55 year old white male get a sore throat from Advair disks? Is there a diuretic that will not dro my calcium levels. can cipro be used for infected throat I have three canker sores in my mouth, is this a bad sign? wake up in middle of night unable to talk swallow hard to breathe burning in throat coughing, goes away quickly Why am I losing my voice but no sore throat? what to do if you aspirate stomach acid I am suffering from post nasal discharge and sore throat from past few months.what could be the reason and treatment?  Okay I'm gonna give all the details because I'm freaking out and I just need answers. I've been coughing constantly for a few days now, and just started coughing up a little bit of blood. I have a bump about the size of a grape on the roof of my mouth towards the back of my throat. Does not hurt  Can I be immunized if I have a cold? throat still sore after antibiotics Im having headaches, earache, inflammed throat, a tiny bump on the tip of my tounge, green mucus, runny nose. Help? Why do i feel like throwing up all the time, but i am hungry. I also have a constant pressure in my throat.  what is pharyngitis in the throat Chlamydia testing procedure I woke up this am with a sore throat after just ending antibiotics this past Monday for strep throat. Is it returning? I had a throat infection for a week and feel a lot better now. Will going to swimming pool tomorrow make me more sick?  Feels like something is stuck behind uvula. Causes coughing and clearing of throat, but still have feeling  I have been exposed to whooping cough. How can I tell if my cold symptoms are early stages of whooping cough? Can I have strep without fever? DOES DRINKING ORANGE JUICE HELP STREP THROAT? Had allergy tests done, not allergic. Sinus drainage in the back of my throat and my eyes, nose are itchy. not sure wha I was given amoxicillin for wisdom teeth but never used it. I'm having strep throat symptoms. Can I take the amoxicilin? what foods do you suggest with mono being the throat is so sore  When you have almost constant hoarseness and sore throat and some trouble swallowing what doctor should I go see? I have a sore throat, but no fever and I don't have strep. What's wrong? What can I do to heal my throat? just worked out,my chest started hurting with pressure,my throat got tight it hurt to breathe then began to cough/weeze? I have a low blood count due to metastatic breast cancer, should if call my Dr. if I have a sore throat? What, if anything, can be taken for sinus congestion and sore throat when I am 9 weeks pregnant? will bactrim help my sore throat my sore throat is causing me to lose my voice?? cough up phelm, runny nose. it hurts really bad. My eldest son is on meds for strep and my youngest child is just now showing symptoms. Would I be okay to take him out? What is the typical duration of strep throat after antibiotics have begun? my 7 yr old son has a sore throat. red in the back and he screams when I touch side of neck. strep? Do I have Strep Throat Or An Std? Will stretching the throat by endoscopy help get rid of thrush?  what is the symptoms of throat cancer? Will my doctor be able to tell that my tonsilitis is from smoking? how can i get rid of thick mucus in my sinus passage and back of my throat swollen glands of the neck I've had tonsillitis for 14 days now. When will it go away? If someone I know had scarlet fever months ago, could they still be carrying the bacteria and be infectious? Which OTC allergy medicine can be taken with Singulair? I've had a uncontrollable cough for days with fever 99 a sore throat I work with food. Cough all day should i go to work I've been achy all over, weak and out of breath for 6 weeks. I feel feverish but no fever. Is this likely to be a virus? can i take azithromycin for strep throat? Having a flu in college Can anyone pls answer whether I can test positive after testing negative for hiv after 78 days. Does lemon water help a sore throat I have chills, a headache, and a sore throat, what might I have? what is a throat doctor called? Will bactrim cure strep throat? I have a pea size white spot on the back of my throat. It has been there for at least 6 months! Right of my tonsil why is my amout and throat still sore after thrush? why does ginger root tea burn my throat I was sick this past weekend, and i am 16 weeks pregnant with strep throat does this affect the baby? im spitting blood and have strep throat is that normal I have recently noticed a couple of red lumps on the back of my throat. They don't hurt or anything. Please help!! Not sleep apnea and not Acid reflux doctor i had sex about 11 days ago i have a slight sore throat lower slight abdominal pain and a dry cough is this hiv I had upper chest pains with a cough hurting my throat and now im getting cold symptoms, can this be pneumonia? I feel a choking sensation in my throat Sinus infection with a sore throat? And weird cough? is to much diet cola bad for the throat lump in chest Surf wave drove me head first into the sand I had 5 red bumps in my pubic area and doctor said it was folliculitis. 2 months later my face is very hot daily. Can you get cold sores from mono I have had a sore throat for a month now and its starting to hurt more everyday what should i do My husband has slow urninating, itchy Testicals, and pain when ejaculating. What could this be? 6 yr old is getting her adult teeth and has had continuous fevers for a month is that normal Could my retainer give me a bacterial throat infection? I think I have thursh,have sore neck,ears,throat,and tired I found ALOT of mold in basement ALOT could this be the reaso I was given an antibiotic shot for strep throat. Can I also take ibuprofen? Why is my throat sore after drinking alcohol? I use to have throat pain after having oral sex with my pertner.. is it too risky? Friends daughter drank pipe cleaner chemically burning her throat what is best course of treatment? Tonsil infection, Jaw pain, sore throat,slight ear infection, headaches, stiff neck lead to something serious? Constant phlegm in throat how to remove a can tab from throat My doctor doesn't return calls im constanly stuffed for years and have mucus build up in my nose, some nasal drip down my throat, and im not sick? My tonsils are swollen and have pus on them. I have post nasal drip and feel like i have to constantly clear my throat.  I have blisters on my bottom lip and a very sore throat, and am bringing up bloody thick mucus Has anyone ever got a sore tounge or swollen throat while taking antbiotics? I have white film, red tip tongue which is burning and very sore whole mouth hurts into throat do I need to see dr? Do you need antibiotics to cure strep throat throat spasms in conjunction with underarm spasms Can a throat polyp be cancerous? I am having pain in my throat while swallowing? Can i take Azithromycin 250mg tab for the throat infection? can snoring cause a sore throat Occassionally I have small, smelly plaque like pieces that I can cough up or "draw" up from my throat. What are they? I know this sounds crazy, but I got some water up my nose in the shower and now I'm scared. Is the deadly amoeba in PA? Does strep throat worsen after starting antibiotics?  Thrush  I started Microgestin 1/20 on day 1 of my period. Am I protected right away even if I didn't bleed that much on day 1? Possible HIV/STD exposure question. Thanks in advance I have white spots on the back of my throat for about 2 months now. My throat is NOT, I repeat, NOT sore. Whats wrong? is it normal for my 5 year old to have a pulse of 95 bpm Having Sore Throat from past 1 years.  58 years old and had cancer but am now cancer free over 10 years. I have not had a period for 10 years and just got one. can your throat hurt from an std Could I have mononucleosis again after being better for just two weeks? When is strep throat actually a problem? Strange overwhelming feeling at base of throat/ upper chest area how do you move a piece of apple lodged in throat? Only small amounts of water will go down.  What does pharyngitis mean? I have white/brown chunks in my sinus cavity and sometimes in back of my throat, they stink and taste bad what are they? If the thyroid is swollen can it cause a person to feel like something is stuck in the back of the throat? Kisses on a 1st date, then 2 days later tells me she has Strep throat. Can I start taking antibiotics prior to symtoms? When can I return to my everyday life with mono? Sudden extreme thirst,headache,dry mouth/throat,frequent urination,eyepain,pressure on throat.It won't go away! isoniazid and impotency - don't want to talk to my doc for obvious reasons My daughter has very painful blisters in her throat without fever or swollen glands. What could be the cause? What are treatment for sequemous cell carsenoma inoperable tumor? Is there a test for candida? When do I see my doctor if I have daily heartburn and sore throat why do i get a sore throat everytime i go near saltwater? I never go in, I just stay on a boat or dock. I was diagnosed with strep throat and given penicillin for 7 days. It came back and now on Zpac and it's not working Constant headaches, Watering eyes, I sweat a lot in my sleep, Also very sluggish, coughing 