Do minor cuts and scrapes on kids need an antibiotic ointment? Are antibiotics safe during pregnancy? I have a burn on my hand and a slight red line that goes past my wrist. Is antibiotic salve enough to prevent infection? I accidentally swallowed my dogs antibiotic pill instead of my daily vitamin. Should I be worried?  I have the antibiotic called Minocycline 100 mg. Would it hurt me to take it? I have a bad cold. What antibiotic should I take for travelers' diarrhea? Should I see a doctor before starting antibiotics for travelers' diarrhea? Is it true that birth control is ineffective when on antibiotics? Is Avinza a narcotic medication?  My cousin is pregnant and has a UTI. Her doctor put her on an antibiotic for the rest of her pregnancy. Is this safe? Is it safe to give my child an antibiotic while she is taking an iron supplement?  I'm currently taking a Z-Pak antibiotic, and it causes stomach upset and diarrhea. Can I take Pepto-Bismol for relief? Ive been diagnosed with H. pylori, but Im allergic to the antibiotics. What about other treatments such as mastic gum? Do photosensitive antibiotics cause blurred vision when you have been out in the sun?  Will taking antibiotics with milk keep your stomach from hurting?  Is it OK to take Prilosec while taking Avelox, an antibiotic? While on birth control, I took an antibiotic and was late taking birth control pills. Could I be pregnant if I had sex? Do people exposed to someone with whooping cough need to take preventive antibiotics or get vaccine boosters? Is it wrong to take antibiotics for colds? What is antibiotic resistance? How long does it take to develop a resistance to an antibiotic? Is antibiotic resistance unique to our era? What could be the global consequences of antibiotic resistance? In which patient populations is antibiotic resistance the greatest? Are there bacterial infections that have become more resilient due to antibiotic overuse? Which antibiotics don't work as well any more due to resistance? According to the CDC, 16 new antibiotics came to market between 1983-1987, but only 2 between 2003-2007. Why so few? What is a more judicious use of antibiotics? What are potential side effects of taking an antibiotic? What should a health care provider do if a patient or parent insists on antibiotics, even if it wont treat the illness? What are some steps the public can take to push back at antibiotic resistance? I'm taking a prescription cough syrup that contains a narcotic. Is it OK to take an over-the-counter sleep aid with it?  My child is taking the antibiotic cephalexin. Is it OK for her to take children's Pepto-Bismol with this?  My daughter takes an antibiotic for impetigo, and eye drops for allergies. Can she take something to reduce her fever? Does taking an antibiotic make Mirena ineffective? I know my antibiotic reduces the effectiveness of my birth control pills. How long should I continue a back-up method? I need to be on long-term oral antibiotics and topical treatment for my adult acne. Why can't I use an oral antibiotic? What can cause blood and pus drainage from an adult's belly button for weeks, even after heavy-duty antibotics?  Are there any drug interactions between Vicodin, or other narcotic pain relievers, and heart-failure medications? Can you take an antibiotic and a multivitamin at the same time, or do you need to space them apart?  Im taking the antibiotic Bactrim and also take enalipril for high blood pressure. Will these two drugs interact?  Does alcohol affect antibiotics? Do antibiotics decrease the effectiveness of oral contraceptives? My daughter gets blisters in her throat every few weeks Some are full of pus, turning into bronchitis. What causes?  i have a sharp constant pain in my upper left chest area, it feels like a pulled muscle, can i pull a muscle in my lung? What steps should be taken 4 reoccurring boils?,get them 3 to 4 times a year. I have seen MD who prescribes antibiotics. How long can I wait if swelling of the cheek, pain in throat, pain in jaw,(infected tooth?) to go to a dentist? My 3 yr old, has been coughing over 3 months.been to dr 3 times; antobiotics, cough syrup. no sleep. what should i do? What causes nausea not throwing up, a 101 degree fever for 2 days, no appetite, no energy, minor nausea 2 weeks later Male 47, I had UTI last month, Treated well. I have lost sensation in groin/penis. erection/ejuculate normal. PL advise. I have kidney stones and UTI. I still have pain when I urinate. I have been on antibiotoics for 5 days.  what antibiotic does the doctor normally prescribe for eye styes After finishing antibiotics for an infected pilonidal cyst, I still have some pain in the area. Is it still infected? Why do I still have blood and pus in urine after two rounds of antibiotics? Just Finished a two week STD antibiotic course. Do I need to tell a new partner about my past? I was diagnosed with an ear infection Sept 4th. I still have fluid "trickle" from my ears at night. Do I need to go back Laryngitis 3 weeks. 2 rounds antibio. and steroids no help Why? My daughter has black spots with yellow on top on both sides of her throat.  I have raw sore on eye. Using antibiotic gel for two weeks. Still not better. What should I do for the pain and to cure my sinusitus?  I'm allergic to keflex what other antibiotics should I avoid taking?  Can shingles affect the cornea of your eye? Can hydrocodone 5/acetaminophen (for pain) be taken with Ciprofloxacin (antibiotic to treat infection if present)? How long will it take until antibiotics start helping my ear infection? what is the difference between a class 1 and class 2 narcotic? When can I have unprotected sex with my new husband after taking antibiotics?  I have bumps that resemble a rash near and under my armpits, on my chest, and near my groin. What could this be? why do i still have a bad cough after being off antibiotics for 5 days My daughter has bronchitis, and is on antibiotics (for it and an ear infection) - is she contagious still? How long? I'm allergic to augmetan, doxycycline, and clydomyacine. What antibiotics can i take? i was taking antibotics then i started to itch inmy virgnia area and when i pee it burns and when i wipe stings I have been told that I have diverticulitis, and with anti-biotics I keep getting a temperature back and some ab pains. My husband has had a fever and a cough for over 10days now. Not pneumonia (had xray 4 days ago) what could it be?  Diagnosis- Hidradenitis Suppurativa- large and painful boils in the groin area. Considering injections. Success rate?  Is impetigo still contagious after the start of oral antibiotics? If so, for how long? can a person get tonsilitis if they nolonger have tonsils How many years post-op hip replacement do you need to take antibiotics for dental work? can i take cough medicine with antibiotics Should I keep on going to the doctor for being sick and in pain if they can never find out why and send me on my way? can you administer human antibiotics to dogs I'm pretty sure that my Lab has ear mites. can I give him human antibiotics,  Can fainting be a symptom of pink eye? Our 6 yr old fainted and the pedi thinks it is due to pink eye/ear infection. Can you have both a sinus infection and strep throat? Sir, 6 yrs ago both my hands and feet started to swell once a week and more. From 2 yrs Im having sore throat on right. is itching a side affect of anit-biotics? My right nostril is stopped up. Had 2 treatments of antibiotics. What to do? Can I get a flu shot if I have an infection, but not taking anitibiotics? What is the best antibiotic regimen for the treatment of Helicobacter pylori infection I WAS PRESCRIBED AMOXICICILLIN FOR A FOOT INFECTION. I NOW HAVE A VAGINAL BURNING AND ITCH. SIDE EFFECT?  Could I still have Lyme Disease? Why it is necessary to take 2 antibiotics for a diverticuilitis infection? Will taking just the Cipro work? Why am I having stinky, white, thick vaginal discharge around the time of my period? Without any burning or itching? My sinus is blocked on the left side of my face. How dod I get this to drain without having surgery I need to take antibiotics for three weeks. How do I prevent developing a yeast infection? My child has had low grade fever and lethargy for 3 weeks. What could it be? Is it safe to mix sulfameth/trimethoprim with a z-pak? compltd 2 wks of antibotics and medrol pack. Still have sever pain in lung area, plerasie. How long does plerasie last? If I recently got over colitis should I skip taking the penicillin prescribed for my strep throat which is feeling fine? Have had a very bad cold for last week now I have yellow discharge from my nose, no fever or anything, sinus infection? can i smoke a cigar while recovering from walking pneumonia? My elderly father will go from walking perfectly one day to not being able to walk the next. What's the problem? Is butorphanol a narcotic? If not, what do I call it (other than a chemical)? Can you have a few beers while taking antibiotics for a infected cyst? Can a yeast infection cause blisters? I am taking antibiotic, can this cause lower abdomen pain and increase urination? Daughter has the flu, sinusitus, and now has a red rash all over her body, eyes swollen and yellow underneath. ER? Can the rash from shingles be on two legs? Right leg has few scabs but MANY more on left leg.Is doctor visit necessary? I've had recurring boils after a treated MRSA infection 6 months ago. Should I get more antibiotics? Is it normal to have drainage and pain the day after a cyst was drained at the doctor's office? will Ziana gel or Retin-A Micro treat rosacea? And will the antibotic doxycycline hyclate also treat it? My daughter has a sinus infection and was taking a 5 day antibiotic. Now she says her stomach is stinging and hurts.Why? how do you tell if hot flashes and night sweats are hormone related or from an infection in the body? Should I continue exercise if I have a cold or bronchitis? Is it normal to be feeling worse after taking 3 doses of an antibiotic? We have seen a dr for my baby's very severe diaper rash and are using RX cream, but nothing seems to work. I am a diabetic and have a painful infected cyst under my left arm that is seeping with a distinct odor what do I do?  how long does bronchitis take to incubate Can bacteria in the vaginal area cause skin condition? can pinkeye clear up on its own without antibiotic eye drops or pills?? Can Clindamycin HCL be treated for pinkeye since it's an antibiotic? If not what could happen if i took it?  what would cause ear ringing, confusion and vertigo? Mucus build up in throat from Upper Respiratory Viral Infection- a month later is it normal??? I get sinusitis a lot. I get treated but then my sisnsitis comes back pretty fast sometimes. should i see a specialist? i went to the doctor and am being treated for strep but after three days of antibiotics have copd need a pain narcotic that won't suppess my breathing unknown sexual partner(from rape). result: sore in vaginal area, swollen, sick, fever, cold sore- not confirmed.  Can a penile fungal infection remain in underwear and cause constant reinfection? How does a young woman get help for a hemorrhaged ovarian cyst. She's quite ill--a doctor now saying bladder infection. Igot a yeast infection from taking antibiotics I have my period now.My clitoris feels raw/hurt when I wipe.What is this? I am taking antibiotics for a toothache.Will this cause my period to be late? Is it possible for a therapeutic overdose of Synthroid to cause weightloss? Acne since 12 years old and needing urgent assistens !! I have a sinus infection and a middle ear infection. Could this be causing my dizziness? Or is it the antiobiotic? can an antibiotic through an IV give you a rash a couple days later? What type of specialist should I find to help with my fibromyalgia? I quit smoking now even though I am eating healthy I keep gaining weight, what do I do? 13mo old f/cronich cough lasting > 6months. Barium swallow ..clear. breathings tx of no help. No other symptoms! HELP!!! can excessive sweating cause a yeast infection? I have sinusitis and have complete loss of taste and smell. Already on antibiotic meds. What can I do? I had an ear infection and was treated with antibiotics but it still feels plugged how long will this go on? Is it bad to take an antibiotic that wasn't prescribed to me? Also, do certain antibiotics do certain things? My tonsils are swollen and have white spots on my tonsils. I have the feeling that something is stuck in my throat, I am hoarse, labored breathing, a hacking cough for 11 weeks I had a colon resection and am having problems. I have some questions. can sinus infection lead to abcess tooth? I am on anitbiotics for an ear infection and sinus infection.I have a temperature of 106.1 I am dizzy. Is this normal? what occurs when one's ammonia levels is too high I just got strep throat for the first time at age 26. How do i make sure to not get it again. How to prevent ear infections in toddlers? Is it ok to take a probiotic with antibiotics such as amoxicillan? After taking antibiotic for pneumonia,my son is still coughing. Is that normal? how long does it take to decrease fever after starting antibiotics What do you do if you've already been taking oral antibiotics and the drops for the ears and its not getting better?  Bleeding after sex, pain during urination - not chlamydia, not UTI. My 12 yr old brother has not had any vaccinations. How would he go about being immunized now? The immunization schedule Do antibiotics affect bloodwork results? How long after meds can then do bloodwork ? How long should I wait to start taking antibiotic metronidazole if I drank a couple wine coolers Friday night. My mother is in the hospital with pneumonia. My son also has it and been on Antibiotics for 4 days. Can he visit her? I have a rash on my ankle. I have had it for 4 months, my doctor thinks its from tiny fish. Some kind of bacteria, help! Does taking famotidine and antibiotics at the same time bad?? I take them at the same exact time. My 13 year old was just diagnosed with pleurisy. will camping make it worse? Pain lower right side everything comes back norma what to do? On antibiotics for over 24hrs. Fever wont go below 100. ER trip? My 5 year old daughter has a swollen tonsil and gland, shes had this 5weeks now, the tonsil has small white dots on it. Can i take Azithromycin right after taking Amox antibiotics? Would tonsillitis cause my 6 year old to have a very red, large swollen lymphnode in her neck? My left ear feels clogged,Been given steriods for 5 days and antibiotics Tilt head down unclogs until raising up.  does smoking meth prevent antibiotics from working MRSA? Need Advice on what to ask my doctor! Please advice me! What to do with a facial staff infection that has returned after completing 2 separate cycles of 2X10 antibiotics? My 14 month old takes zyrtec for her allergies. But has a runny nose and chest congestion. What can I do for her? How far apart should I take a probiotic with antibiotic? I'm taking Clindamycin 3 x day for a sinus infection.  Should I see a specialist about an ongoing UTI? My back hurts when I breath, very tired and 2 doses antibiotics failed. what are the dangers of prescribing antibiotics for MRSA when the patient tests negative for it? I have strep throat, but when I put anything in my mouth, even water, it burns. Is that normal with strep? how to get fluid behind the eardrum to drain Can a strep throat that was trated with antibiotics cause joint pain and swelling? I have a boil and am on Bactrim.It is done draining but now it is white in color. Is this a sign that it is healing? I have a "uvula" infection. One week of antibotics has not helped the infection or pain. What can I do? How do I know if my ruptured eardrum is healing or healed? My hearing is fully normal and I have minimal tinitus. I have several dark spots left by acne, what do you advise me to improve these marks? Ok so i have strep throat, and i have a full perscription of non expired ciprofloxacin can i use that to treat strep? I took Cephradine Antibiotic Medicine10 hours back but it was not good now after 10 hours can I take Amoxycillin. does Prednisone make you sleepy my son is on antibotics for staph (5 days now) can he swim in our pool? can being on antibiotics cause pap smear to read abnormal My son was on day 8 of 1,000mg/day Amoxicillian and he spiked a fever. Should I be worried? 52 yr.old man w/ rotten/abcessed teeth ongoing pain/infection. Alergic to CILLIAN antiobo what drug kill the infection? What causes a bad taste in your mouth that last all day long? simular to the same taste when you get up in the morning. My dog eats and eliminates grass. Should I be concerned? I have sore swollen glands and neck stiffness that is not responding to 3 antibiotic treatments in a row. No fever? how to get rid of an infection with stitches? if i have to take my antibotic every 6 hrs. does that mean i need to get up in the middle of the night to take them I'm 99%sure that I have an ulcer. My Doctors are treating me without urgency. Daily it gets worst. What should I do? Do stitches need to stay in longer if a cut gets infected? Is it common practice to send narcotic drug prescriptions through the mail to a patient a dr hasen't seen in months? How long does it take for antibiotics to cure strep throat? Can reflux go unnoticed while doing damage to sinuses and upper respiratory area? is circumcision necessary for a 3 year old who has had 2 episodes of posthitis boil I put an ear drop antibiotic in the wrong ear last night. What should I do? Should I continue the dose on the wrong ear? had a cough for a week and when i go to bed i get a drowning sensation. I barely get sleep. What's wrong? Me and girlfriend had intercourse and on foreskin there are a couple tears. Tried antibiotic ointment but didn't help. Is it common to have dizziness or loss of balance from sinusitis? I have had 2 episodes of sudden hearing loss in my right ear with loss of balance leaning to the right and nausea? Half vinegar half alcohol mix for external ear infection while taking topical antibiotics should you take antibiotics before or after a meal? I am a 19 year old virgin and I have a yeast infection. I would like to know what treatment to use as a virgin.  Is ALBUTEROL SULFATE CONSIDERED A NARCOTIC? After 7 months of Antibs I now have pussing, painful lumps that scab and spread, on scalp. Is Cipro safe with MS ? 2 weeks ago, diagnosed w/ bladder infection, still having pain under ribs (right side), back pain, shooting abdomen pain I have had a UTI for seven days. Saw a doctor five days. I have tried four antibiotics and can't take any of them. I have a kidney infection. After 3 days of high fever and new antibiotics I have skin rashes. Caused by fever or meds? is it normal to have air coming out of the penis after you urinate when you have a UTI? Does amoxicillin affect Mononessa oral contraceptive?  Ear canal itch and red for a month, allergic reaction of Neomycin-polymyxin drops continuation? How much would it cost for me to get ingrown toenails removed from both big toes, if I have anthem blue cross insurance? the doctors did a rapid test to see if I had an UTI and it came back positivebut the culture came back negitive can fluid retention cause high blood pressue Do antibiotics really expire? should antibiotics be taken every 8 or 12 hours? is neomycin a penicillian form antibiotic? my 6 year old is taking antibiotics for tooth decay, he also is scheduled for his vaccination. is it safe to mix both?  can a 4 year old and 18 month old have mood swings getting off antibiotics Once on antibiotics, for MRSA, how long before it's safe to work around people (food products)? what can cause pain in the lower right abdomin I cracked a rib. How to heal it without going to a hospital how to take combined saw palmetto and beta-sitosterol? Do I have to take antibiotics for diverticulitis? On antibiotics/inhaler for bronchitis. Soon after starting meds, terribly itchy rash behind both knees. Drug allergy? I have had a UTI for two weeks now and I am having pain in my lower back where my kidneys are, what should I do? Right side back and side pain can shingles rash spread? Pimple or infection? (We live temp. in Middle East...reliable Dr. diagnosis is difficult.) How long after you have started antibiotics are you still contagious with the strep virus? If I have PID, is it too late? Did it affect my fertility? It's been 3 1/2 years and I'm scared! Can you eat honey if you are allergic to bee stings? If a candida yeast infection starts scabbing and begins to leak is this a sign the yeast is dying? How long do symptoms last with antibiotics for strep? Do certain foods help bacteria grow while taking antibiotics for strep throat? I am on narcotic painkillers and my hair has become brittle an dull. What Shampoo should I use? Garnier isn't working. My daughter had a root canal 2 days ago on her front tooth. She is still swollen and in pain. Is this normal? Do I have to take antibiotics for gastroenteritis or is it possible for us to get better without antibiotics?  can a child die from a UTI? Can a child get scarlet fever while already taking antibiotics for strep throat?  I'm 44 and have taken 3 rounds of antibiotics for strep but they have not worked, is it safe to have my tonsils removed? testing negative but symptoms persis Can taking an antibiotic cause soreness in both upper arms. does antibiotics help fight pimples can i get chlamydia from the following things in my dorm room? will vinegar change hair color Can you be reinfected with strep while in the middle of treatment? Can getting an injection of an antibiotic, vs. taking it orally, still result in a vaginal yeast infection? What is the antibiotic recommended for community cellulitis for 13yo inside dry nose - if untreated it bleeds. use antibiotic and Ayr gel 2-3 times a day. Better treatment avaialble? My 14 year old had had a severe headache and sore throat for a week; she just finished antibiotics; what to do? Can a man become fertile after taking antibiotics that was infertile beforehand? how long does it take antibiotics to flush from your system after you stop taking I started having pain 6 months after my Vasectomy is there a way to fix this? Can you get a tattoo when you taking antibiotics Should I have UTI rechecked if still have lower back and abdominal tenderness along with urinating frequently? How long after receiving antibiotic eye drops is one still contagious? Had staph infection for about 10 days. With Bactrim DS, swelling is all but gone, but still pink around scab. Ideas? I am allergic to Penicillin and Sulfa drugs and now Clindamycin. What antibiotic can I take? I have been sick for over a month, already finished two rounds of antibiotics and I am still coughing. Can you have a stiff neck with pneumonia? Is pnemonia contagious if you got it from having the flu? Fever is still present and antibiotic hasn't been started yet. Can you take Zyrtec if currently on antibiotics? What are the possible side effects? Dark red blood in urine 3 wks, sometimes urethra itches.No pain.No yeast infection.Took antibiotics, but still bleeding. do antibiotics affect the implanon? Is it possible to survive Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever without treatment? How long is presciption good for? antibiotics safe to take for cysts during pregnancy Why am I losing my voice but no sore throat? Should I see a doctor for UTI? It's been almost 15 days. I feel better but not perfectly okay. what is the next treatment for a UTI that won't go away after multipule antibiotic treatments prescribed by my doc.? Okay I'm gonna give all the details because I'm freaking out and I just need answers. can i get a flu shot while on antibiotics Can a tetanus shot be given a week after wound? I am on third day of Tamiflu and feeling fine. Havn't had a fever in 48 hours still have a cough. Am I still contagious? Can Bacterial Vaginossis cause pain in the right abdominal region? throat still sore after antibiotics UTI a month ago and now I have a kidney infection. Been on antibiotics for 4 days but pain in back is worse. Treatment for deep tissue hole from cellulitis on the neck. Has been treated with two different antibiotics, gets deeper Took penicillin antibiotic about month ago for sinus infect. Found out allergic. Have felt terrible since. Any sugg? How long should it take to improve from a kidney infection once started on antibiotics? Been 3 days and back is severe. could i be pregnant Can flu test be done on someone who is on an antibiotic Thank you... I woke up this am with a sore throat after just ending antibiotics this past Monday for strep throat. Is it returning? I had a throat infection for a week and feel a lot better now. Will going to swimming pool tomorrow make me more sick?  what happens if an abscessed tooth is extracted? I had infection in left upper leg if antibiotics were needed. No idea where in fection came from. how long will the redness last after finishing the antibiotics On antibiotics for 48 hours for fever + drainage. Is it ok to also take Advil for a headache? I was given amoxicillin for wisdom teeth but never used it. I'm having strep throat symptoms. Can I take the amoxicilin? can i become pregnant with a nexplanon due to antibiotic  I was diagnosed with a ear infection on Saturday and I was given course of antibiotics but i am due to go skiing on fri will cephalexin clear up pink eye? can sulfamethoxazole antibiotic cause a false "positive" reading for cocaine urine test I have an abscess tooth, been treating w/anitbiotics. Cant be pulled for another year due to insurance. will it be ok?  non-narcotic anixety medications Can antibiotic cephalexin cause blue veins to appear in forhead I am taking ampicillin for a UTI. I am worried it isn't treating it. How long should it take to feel no symptoms?? My mother is has been diagnosed with C. Diff I have interacted with her everyday over the past week. What is the typical duration of strep throat after antibiotics have begun?  Is it okay or should I take pro-biotic with an antibiotic? i am a 23yr old girl with a healthy history. Dec 2013 I got vaginitis partly from GBS. It got well but keeps coming back should you take an antibiotic for a positive clue cell exam can u take AZO with your antibiotic for a UTI? stiff neck/ pain at base of skull/sore, possibly swollen glands/ 60 yrs old//amnot on any antibiotics/no fever How do I dry up a congested cough? can takeing antibiotics for 3 months straight for eye infection cause thyroid issues like blurred vision My current doctor refused to continue my narcotic pain medication, because I can not afford physical therapy self pay My 67 year old husband has had exhaustion,aches and congestion for over 2 months.Doctors can't find anything. My vagina is really red and burning. The doctor did a physical exam and diagnosed it as vaginitis.  What if you have a UTI and cipro or doxy do not clear it? What or is the best time to take a once a day antibiotic? Is there a online Doctor that can prescribe antibiotics for common things? What can I soak my finger in? I have an Infection under my finger nail Is it possible to have an MD in Psychiatry and a PhD in psychology with a MD/PhD program? I've had three kidney infections in the past three months, should I be concerned? Can a UTI cause bumps/sores near your vagina? is ambien a narcotic can I take dayquil capsules? I am very congested and pregnant I have a re-occuring ear infection problem, probably swimmers ear, and need to treat it between 6 monthly and 2 yearly How long does lower back pain occur during UTI? Approximately how many days does it take antibiotics to clear up Chylamidia and Gonorrea? Can gardening help with PTSD?  Can a Vaginal Yeast Infection irritate the area around the urethra? A young guy with enlarged prostate!??? If no discharge or smell, but slight itching and just uncomfortable feeling in the vaginal area, with slight bleedinng? Why am I having these twitches or tics that are accompanied with vocal noise? Should I worry about it being torrents? Why do I get a large purple sore on my penis after taking anitibiotics? can ceftin cause cold sores cat bite on fingernail its white now and ready to fall off if it does fall of will it grow back cat bite on fingernail its white now and ready to fall off will it grow back if it falls off Red Spots on Penis which looks like tiny pimples. I went to a dermat who recoed me some antibiotics and steriod creams. How long does a sinus infection last?  high liver enzymes chronic uti in 90 y/o female. good hydration, cranberry supplements, toileting regiment. intolerant to oral antibiotics I am on an antibiotic and have very bad diarrhea. I am taking a probiotic and yogurts. Can I take another probiotic? Should I excesize when I'm sick? How long should I continue taking acetaminophen if fever doesn't go down? I am on Ciprofloxin for tx of 2 bact. in my bladder. I have been exposed to Strep throat will this antibiotic clear it? again my dr. is sending me for blood work one test says V58.69 long term drug use . what is this test looking for ?? what can happen if i do not do anything for kidney infection? i am having symptoms that scare me. Doxycycline potential Liver damage Do antibiotics tend to turn your tongue yellow? Should an abscess that I've been given antibiotics for (Sulfamethoxazole/Trimethoprim and Cefalexin) be getting bigger? what is Neut abs blood test. My husband has a result of 12.03 .  is soma a narcotic and will i fail a drug test if i take it What is the best cure for recurring BV?  I am suffereing from extremely painful headaches and are accompanied by painful boils in my nose. What is it?  I had 5 red bumps in my pubic area and doctor said it was folliculitis. 2 months later my face is very hot daily. My doctor prescribed a corticosteroid and an antibiotic. I am afraid to take the corticosteroid - what will they do? can uterus polyps contribute to repeated bacterial vaginosis? Am I being prescriped too much antibiotics? Medication for prostate infection Why have I been waking up to pee multiple times (almost every hour) during the night? Is it safe to take Cefdinir (antibiotic) and Microgestin (birth control) together? I have a hole in the crease of my leg near vagina, what is it? Finished antibiotics for an ear infection- but I still feel ear pressure and warm fluid at times. Is this normal? I had a tick on my head near the top of my neck. There is now a pimple like area where the tic was should i be concerned will antibiotics help bronchial pneumonia  I was given an antibiotic shot for strep throat. Can I also take ibuprofen? What antibiotic is more recommended for paronychia/cellulitis of the finger if the choice is Levaquin or Amoxicillin? Should I expect celulitis to keep resurfacing of should it go away for good after treatment? I've been tested twice for STDs, have come back negative. Why do I still have a discharge from penis? why do i get yeast infection symptons after protected intercourse? Can a child recover from Scarlet Fever without having antibiotics? Should I attempt to treat the yeast infection, or wait until I'm finished with my antibiotic? is naproxen 500 mg anm a narcotic Need different antibiotic? My mother has a UTI infection and has anger issues, and definite personality changes, Is that normal with UTI? I take narcotics at night causing my eyes to be halfway open the next day. What product is safer to use than Visine? Enlarged lymph node on the left side of neck and smaller one on right side. What could that be?  I have these sores like holes in my leg and it itches ive been put on 3 different antibiotics and its still on my leg Is Cafergot a narcotic what makes a tongue turn yellow I got a UTI and the doctor injected me with antibiotics, what is the name of those antibiotics? is inhaling clorox dangerous Do you need antibiotics to cure strep throat My husband thought he had a mosquito bite on leg, touched it and it popped. clear liquid, cleaned, covered. wont heal. Can taking antibiotics for a long period of time cause an elevated A1C result? Can you get ri of a UTI without antibiotic? why do I keep getting urinary tract infections? can percocet (or other narcotic pain reliever) and meloxicam be taken together? meloxicam alone isnt working Does strep throat worsen after starting antibiotics?  can the inguinal lymph nodes swell due to jock itch I have an ear infection and am having trouble keeping the drops in my ear. They drip out when i sit up How do I treat stitches with puss? How long should I wait for the antibiotic to work? what would cause a bitter metallic taste in my mouth every morning and persistent headache for more than two weeks now?  My son is allergic to amoxicillin. Can he use antibiotic eye drops? A small sore on shin diagnosed as a MRSA infection size of pinkie fingernail - antibiotics for 4 days am I contagious?? urinary tract infection, rash, burning urine Diagnosed with Cellulitis. Antibiotics for 3 days, redness, warmth and itching gone. Is it safe to go swimming? Can you get an antibiotic related vaginal yeast infection if you have had a hysterectomy? How long until I can have unprotected sex if I took a 6 week break from my birth control pills, due to antibiotics? ways to ease symptoms of vaginal yeast infection if already prescribed antibiotic  can you take liquid antibiotics that have been left out overnight  is it safe to take two kinds of antibiotics at one time can a large does of antibiotics cause infection in the gut, they say she has an infection in the abdomian but unlocated What is the prognosis for survival for a female 85 years old with double pneumonia? Late period, swollen (not sore boobs), frequent urination (but believe UTI), finally day 12 light red/brown blood, preg? Is it safe to swim in a lake if you have a UTI? chemotherapy and common cold what antibiotics can you take if the patient is also on coumadin  What do I do if I accidentally took a double dose of an antibiotic (Clarithromycin 500mg)? What do I do if I accidentally took a double dose of an antibiotic (Clarithromycin 500mg)? i was recently on high dose steroids via iv. my sense of smell seems super human now. could it be from the steroids? Oyster shell cut a week ago on toe, Cleaning daily with peroxide and using triple antibiotic. Antibiotics? Stitches? I have white spots on the back of my throat for about 2 months now. My throat is NOT, I repeat, NOT sore. Whats wrong? what has changed in tramadol (ultram) to turn it into a narcotic? Non-Chlamydia/Gonorrhea caused penile discharge. I've taken antibiotics 3 times. Symptoms go away then return in 3 weeks UTI that wont go away even after taking different antibiotics  how to tell when a yeast infection is clearing up? When is strep throat actually a problem? can amoxicillin 500mg cause for false drug test Can therapeutic oils help with pneumonia? My husband got cellulitis in his left hip where he had hip surgery. What can we do to get it to heal? have been sick for over a month, already finished two rounds of antibiotics and I am still not well I've had this rash on my ankle for a year now. What could it be? I am worried I injured myself internally while masturbating with a brush if poked a hole in my bladder how would I know Kisses on a 1st date, then 2 days later tells me she has Strep throat. Can I start taking antibiotics prior to symtoms? wound healing Yellowish white discharge,taking FAS-3, ok to intercourse after 3 days? Can you get a yeast infection if you don't have a vagina is effexor a narcotic is lidoderm patch consider a narcotic? will it show up on drug test?  im on my 2nd depo shot and i had unprotected sex then took antibiotic the same night. will i get pregnant? I went to the ER for an illness and was given Augmentin. Woke up broke out in hives, was this an allergic reaction? Slight burning but more like inflammation feeling after urination that lasts 20-30 mins weeks After uti treatments? Can you get Fifth Disease twice within a three week period? After on antibiotics for 24 hours to treat pinkeye in one eye, if then get pinkeye in other eye is one contagious again? Alzheimer's disease late stage blood in stool part of normal Alz disease process or something else? Can you exercise when on antibiotics for a sinus infection? If you have mono should you discontinue the antibiotics given before diagnosis ? Could my boyfriend get a UTI from me? Can overuse of tineacid cause penis issues? Male using this product since Aug. now has rash and soreness of penis  Been on antibiotics for three days am I still contagious? I have bronchitis. I was diagnosed with strep throat and given penicillin for 7 days. It came back and now on Zpac and it's not working Can you spray tan while on antibiotics? 