What steps are involved in preparing a tooth for a crown? Does a crowned tooth require any special care? What should I do if my baby was born with teeth? What are the symptoms of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease? What are the teeth? What problems are caused by having bad teeth? I had my teeth whitened (not by a dentist) and received burns to my lips inside and out. What can I take for the pain? Is there a supplement that will work like penicillin for a tooth problem? I am unemployed and do not have insurance. Can grinding my teeth at night affect my sleep? Why doesn't my 11-month-old have teeth yet? My 7 year old son's new adult teeth are very yellow. How can i whiten them?  Is there a problem with my son's baby tooth having a split that the dentist called tooth germination? Can I use Super Glue to temporarily reattach loose tooth veneer ? I'm taking Vicodin for pain and clindamycin for infection after a tooth extraction. Can I add Zantac 150 or Tums?  After having my teeth cleaned, I can only open my mouth a few inches, and closing my mouth is painful. What should I do? I need a root canal, which I cannot afford. Would pulling the tooth and getting a bridge later be an option? What would happen if you needed a root canal for a tooth that has no feeling, and you decided not to have it done? I haven't seen a dentist in a long time. I bleed from my gums every time I brush my teeth. Is this a problem?  I brush my teeth, floss, and scrape my tongue twice a day. I dont see any tartar. Can I go for a cleaning in 9 months? One of my front teeth has a veneer on it that is stained. What is the cheapest treatment or at-home care solution? What are the chances of successfully extracting my broken wisdom tooth myself?  I have dental insurance, but its not great. How can I fix my teeth and manage to pay my bill?  Can I glue my own crown back to my tooth? The post is still there. After tooth extraction, do you have to replace with an implant?  My front tooth is rotting and has begun to break apart. Half of the tooth is now missing. Can the dentist repair it? I have an old filling that is wearing out and hurts when I eat. Is there anything I can do to delay refilling the tooth? My daughters permanent eye teeth are coming in over the top of her baby teeth. What can we do to loosen the baby teeth? What over-the-counter or home remedies can be used to maintain white teeth?  I have tooth decay and many fillings from years ago. Can tooth whitening help, or will it make my teeth look worse?  What do you do after a bleaching treatment? Can I brush my teeth?  I have extra gum above my two front teeth and have been told that it can cause gum recession. Is this true?  Will a tooth extraction get rid of bad breath?  Can you have a bad tooth pulled and then wait a year to replace bone and have a dental implant inserted?  The veneers on my two front teeth keep coming off. Why is this happening? Can iron supplements cause damage to teeth and discolor dentures?  My friend has chipped, rotten-looking teeth. She says its from low iron levels during her pregnancy. Is this possible? Can you whiten your teeth while pregnant?  Do your permanent teeth grow as you get older?  I had to have a tooth pulled. Now another tooth is loose. Should I have it pulled? I was hoping it would tighten back. My daughter is 18 months old. She has a yellow discoloration on one of her front teeth. What caused this? My son is almost 11, and most of his adult teeth are in. Can he use whitening toothpaste?  What is the treatment for a tooth growing out of the roof of a childs mouth?  Is it normal for a child's new teeth to be sensitive while they are growing in?  How long should a parent brush or help brush a child's teeth? My daughter's new adult teeth are all coming in yellow. Will they always remain this color? Is it from supplements? My child fell, and his gums bled a little and then stopped. Now his tooth has turned gray. What should I do? I am concerned about my daughters teeth. She is almost 1, and she has white spots on her teeth. Should I be worried? My son fell, and one of his permanent front teeth fell out. The tooth was put back in its socket. What can we expect? My daughter had a dental cleaning. Now she has a large bubble on her gum above one of the teeth. What should I do? My daughter has cavities in her bottom molars. She needs a root canal and a silver cap. Why is this done for baby teeth? My daughter just turned 1. The inside of her lip is connected to her gums between her two top teeth. Is this normal? I am experiencing some sensitivity in the nerve of my tooth. Is this common with diabetic neurapathy?  My 8-month old son has no teeth. Is this normal? How can I encourage my children to brush their teeth? Should I have X-rays taken every six months when I get my teeth cleaned? Ive heard the radiation is bad for you.  Should I avoid drinking alcohol before a tooth extraction? While brushing his teeth, my son noticed the back of his tongue was black. Is this something that needs to be treated? My doctor said Ill have fewer sinus infections if I have my wisdom teeth pulled. Is this true?  Is it safe to brush my teeth with baking soda every day? How does baking soda effect tooth enamel?  Is there any truth to the theory that after a root canal, bacteria left on the teeth can cause future systemic diseases? Is it safe to have my teeth cleaned during menstruation?  My dentist drilled into a decaying tooth and filled it with some medication. What was that medication, and is it safe? My dentist drilled into a decaying tooth and filled it with some medication. What is this medication, and is it safe? I heard that crunching ice will make your teeth crack and break. Is this true?  Is it possible for a bad tooth to affect your sinuses? Can it lead to a polyp forming in your nose? Is it bad for your health to pull all your teeth and get dentures?  My dad said I got my bad teeth from him. Do you really inherit bad teeth? Is it an urban legend that people have picked up and heard radio and TV signals from their tooth fillings?  I heard that on my mothers side of the family there are people who get their adult teeth twice. Can this be true? I didn't get enough calcium when I was younger. Is there anything I can do to make my teeth less likely to crack? I have become addicted to brushing my teeth with baking soda and rubbing alcohol. Are there any dangers to this?  Are hard candies, like Jordan almonds, or sticky ones, such as salt water taffy, bad for your teeth?  Are there any foods or drinks you should avoid giving children so their adult teeth don't come in discolored?  Other than carbonated drinks, and foods that contain sugar or acid, what foods are bad for the teeth? Why do my teeth hurt after eating sweets?  I have a white, thick slime that forms on my front teeth. I have to wipe it off with a paper towel. Whats causing this? Is coffee bad for your teeth?  What effect can jewelry and diamonds (bling) have on teeth? I was trying to tell my student why he shouldnt get them. I brush my teeth regularly, but Im not a big-time flosser. What are some tips for making daily flossing simple & fast? Should I be stimulating my babys gums with those finger tools? When should I start brushing her teeth? I read that brushing too hard is bad. Over the past 2 months, my teeth have become rather yellow. Is this tooth damage? How can I fight dental problems while taking antidepressants? How do I prevent tooth loss or other oral side effects? What does deep cleaning mean for my teeth?  I had a wisdom tooth removed. How can I help it heal faster? I have blisters on my bottom lip, because I suck my lip and clench my teeth at night. How can I help them heal faster? Should you floss, use mouthwash, brush your teeth, and use a whitener all in the same day?  How can I prevent my teeth from ripping the tissue under my tongue at night? I have bruxism and wear guards.  My wisdom tooth was removed in an extraction. Later, a sore opened up and my jawbone is visible. What should I do?  Does getting your teeth cleaned disrupt your normal oral flora and expose you to infection during a tongue piercing?  My dentist wants to remove my only wisdom tooth because it is forming a gum pocket. How simple a procedure is this?  My dentist suggested ProNamel tooth paste to deal with acid erosion. Would Crest Pro-Health also work?  While getting my wisdom teeth removed, they will cut the gums but say stitches aren't needed. Is that OK?  Our 7-year-old's adult teeth are coming in, but are brownish compared to his baby teeth. What could be happening?  I am 23 years old, and my dentist said that I need braces for my top teeth. Is this a good idea? I have stabbing pain along my cheekbone, to the jaw and upper section of my teeth. Is it that common in fibromyalgia?  I'm 45 years old. In the last six months, my four bottom front teeth have shifted. Is it worth going to an orthodontist? My jaw pops. Some of my back teeth do not touch, and my front teeth stick out a bit. Can braces help? Ive noticed that my kids grit their teeth, just like I do. How do I prevent them from doing this while they sleep?  My front tooth is very sensitive to cold drinks. I don't want a silver tooth if I have a cavity. What are my options? Can a tooth die due to rapid orthodontics treatment a month after braces were put on?  Every time the rubber bands on my braces are tightened, my teeth ache. Is there anything I can do to prevent this?  What can you do if your teeth have stains after your braces are removed?  My husband takes HCTZ and lisinopril for high blood pressure. He had his wisdom teeth taken out. Can he take ibuprofen? I have a stomach ulcer currently taking (omeprazole dr 20 mg) can i take percocet for severe tooth aches? what is the best option when you have a tooth abcess and you have no insurace? And by that i mean home remidies what if antibiotics arent helping an ear infection How long can I wait if swelling of the cheek, pain in throat, pain in jaw,(infected tooth?) to go to a dentist? am i pregnant? could having bad sinus/cold infection cause sensitivity in teeth and pressure behind jaw/ears. Under my chin it feels kind of sore to the touch. I've looked it up, some say infection but my teeth are ok. Continuous back pain is zosyn the same as clindamycin? Will a hospital help my tooth pain? My 27 month old looks like she has all 20 teeth but complains of mouth pain and refuses food what could be problem?  My sister is in her 30's, she can't open her mouth, sallow, in lots of pain, and can't talk or walk. Ear aches and hard time hearing My ear hurts and so does my teeth/jaw on the same side, do i go see a doctor first or a dentist? i was taking antibotics then i started to itch inmy virgnia area and when i pee it burns and when i wipe stings The gums by my wisdom tooth are swollen and in pain. I'm dizzy and nauseous. What might be wrong, should I see a doctor? 5th and 6th day smoking after wisdom teeth? concerned, how to tell if clot is dislodged.  Abscessed tooth symptoms and oral cancer symptoms similar? My sinus is blocked on the left side of my face. How dod I get this to drain without having surgery One of my bottom teeth hurt, then my bottom gum started to hurt, now my chin hurts when I press on it? I have a baby tooth being my adult tooth, i cant afford a dentist til next month, but its causing me alot of pain. Is it normal for the side of your face to go numb after having the 2012-2013 flu vaccine? What can be done about it? What is the percentage for a heart attack with poor dental health? Do I have dry sockets? Are molars supposed to be permanent? Thanks. My 3 year old son fell and his tooth went through his bottom lip. Do I need to take him in? Should I take my 4 yr old to the ER to have her gums looked at.. why are my gums white looking today? Can I still brush my teeth, after tearing my frenulum Linguae? I allowed a girl to give me unprotected oral sex; I never ejaculated and her lips and teeth seem ok. What are my risk? I feel like there is some food in my throat and now any other food won't go down. I am having trouble swallowing my food. it feels like i the food wont go down  My 11 month old granddaughter hit her mouth on a table and has some bleeding. What should I do? She has 2 lower teeth.  can braces on the teeth and rubber bands cause ulcers on lips? Can the common cold make your teeth hurt with all the coughing and blowing done over a week? I had two molars pulled 2 days ago Now I'm bleeding from a part of the wound it wont stop What can I do to stop it? why is my entire head hurting to were i cant touch it because of my wisdom teeth everyday i get what feels like a toothache in my gum (no tooth there) and pain goes all the way down side of my neck. I have been urinating every 15 minutes for the past 18 hours, Its clear and odorless. Am I in danger? can you floss dogs teeth can sinus infection lead to abcess tooth? Getting all four wisdom teeth removed all at once over spring break. Should I be worried of complications? can tooth decay in a man's mouth cause a woman to have a yeast infection through oral sex? Can you "heal" a cavity? I've been reading a few places that say you can. can sinus prolems make your teeth hurt...if so how do you get relief from it Does lemon juice really help to prevent catching a stomach virus/help relieve or kill the virus? I am 51 year old male and Overweight. I am looking older than my age. I am feeling physically weak all the time. i have been having a swelling type of feeling in my throat.i can eat,drink and breath ok.what could be causeing it??? Is chewing extra gum all day bad for your teeth? can tooth paste work for acne? Can taking expired penicillinVK for a bad tooth do any damage? Can wisdom teeth grow back? 52 yr.old man w/ rotten/abcessed teeth ongoing pain/infection. Alergic to CILLIAN antiobo what drug kill the infection? What causes a bad taste in your mouth that last all day long? simular to the same taste when you get up in the morning. How to treat tooth abscess (probably periapical) between tooth root and jaw line naturally? Thanks. My sis is 4 months pregnant n has a really bad tooth ache what can she do? She is anemic and has gained 3-5lbs over My sis is 4 months pregnant n has a really bad tooth ache what can she do? She is anemic and has gained 3-5lbs over upper teeth on one side hurt, bad. One tooth seems to be pushing down. no allergies, sneezing coughing etc, I have been very sleepy and when i urinate the color is orange. what does that mean? also i take meds for my stomach how long do i have until a tooth abscess becomes fatal? Can a tooth cavity cause ear infections? After being sick, I feel like I have hair stuck in my throat and I have a tiny knot under my chin. What could this be? EMERGENCY - I have been diagnosed with trigeminal neuralgia. Having a flare up and face is very swollen, is that normal? I am getting my wisdom teeth removed in a few days, but I am getting a blocked nose/cold. Can I still have the surgery? can someone pull their own wisdom teeth because of lack of health insurance Can reflux go unnoticed while doing damage to sinuses and upper respiratory area? I'M 57, COULD I STILL HAVE WISDOM TEETH what happens if you eat or drink alcohol 8 hours prior to wisdom tooth extraction? I have had 2 episodes of sudden hearing loss in my right ear with loss of balance leaning to the right and nausea? Can wisdom teeth cause pain in your ear? I've been having pain deep in my right ear for about a week now.  Can my abscess tooth be causing my ear aches is extracting a tooth better than a root canal? My entire jaw aches, and my teeth don't hurt, but are bothering me. What is causing this? I am a 37 year old female. I have pain in my jaw, teeth and neck for the past few days. 37 yr old female- good oral hygiene- what is going on? Is it possible for teeth to get loosened by brushing with an electric toothbrush? I am 69 year old male what happens to your teeth if you drink soda What happens if you brush your teeth too much in a day?  i have had a bump on my left hand ringer finger withing the inside palm.ive been picking at it. it hurts to dig out. I bit into a burgerking sandwich and found something similar to a broken tooth if this had blood on it can i get hiv when can i safely return to work after wisdom tooth extraction can a tooth infection cause vertigo Can Ciprofloxacin Oral be used to treat a tooth abces? How can we get changed our naturally yellow teeth in white teeth? when can i start smoking again after wisdom teeth are removed? Does anyone have conclusive proof that brushing one's teeth with coconut fat cure cavities? My daughter is taking hyrdocodone 7.5/325 due to wisdom teeth surgery. Can Motrin be taken with this? If so, how much?  What type of doctor should I see to get a diagnosis for a lump under the tongue? am i pregnant on the mirena My daughter had a root canal 2 days ago on her front tooth. She is still swollen and in pain. Is this normal? College student dental insurance help. How can you get your teeth sparkly white from home? can a toothache cause your ear to hurt Can ongoing stomach problems cause pain in the teeth? can i have oral surgery with a cold Son has Mono, is it okay for him to have surgery to remove wisdom teeth? Can low hemoglobin affect teeth? will Clindmycin palmitate help my tooth I have a abcess  how long does it take for gums to heal after all teeth are removed and doing radiation how long does it take for gums to heal after all teeth are removed and doing radiation for 30 days  I have sensitive teeth so would whitening them be harmful harmful after the age of 60?  will amoxicillian help reduce swelling in an abscessed tooth Why does the Dr. tell the patient to not smoke for a week after tooth extraction? accidently swallowed Tooth/Crown Inflamed lesion on underside of tongue w/swelling about the size of a lymph node.No teeth back there.Unknown etiology? My 5 yr old has been recommended a crown for 1 of his tooth and fillings for 4 teeth due to cavities,please advise? Why do i get migraines after smoking weed? I never caught migraine sober. I need help seriously. U can call me please. Can i take valumn with tylenol and ibuprophen for toothache it is still hurting what happens if an abscessed tooth is extracted? WHAT CAN HAPPEN IF DENTIST CAN NOT PULL ALL TOOTH OUT YOUR MOUTH I was given amoxicillin for wisdom teeth but never used it. I'm having strep throat symptoms. Can I take the amoxicilin? How can yogurt be good for Diabetic? When there is so much surger in them? I have an abscess tooth, been treating w/anitbiotics. Cant be pulled for another year due to insurance. will it be ok?  Can a loose or infected tooth cause headaches I have a hard bump on the top of my mouth behind my front tooth. It is hard like bone or another tooth. ??? Sometimes my face becomes sore to the touch after this shooting pain - is this normal? I'm about 2 wks post dental work. I'm pregnant and have a severe tooth ache is it safe for me to use clove oil? Can your wisdom teeth cause your ears to hurt What is going on with my gums? will leviquin help an infected tooth? If you were on your period and took a pregnancy test, would it effect the readings? for problem gums is salt water wash good? I have ear, jaw and tooth pain, along with swollen gland. Who should I see? What can be done to prevent gagging? My child's dentist is recommending 2 baby root canals on my 11 yr old. Is this normal for his age on baby teeth? what to use for pain relief after a tooth has been pulled Why do I gag when I spit while brushing my teeth?  Develop a rash whenever I come into contact with water... I've had tooth. And gum pain for over a week it's getting worse I have no insurance Otc meds aren't helping .. help !? Can I give my 8 month old pediasure to help with weaning? can you get herpes lesions on your tonsils? Crisis dentist? does swabbing your teeth with hydrogen peroxide before you brush damage your teeth in any way Why does my tooth hurt after a new filling was done? Am I being prescriped too much antibiotics? Can I drink soda after having all my teeth pulled 5 days ago? 6 yr old is getting her adult teeth and has had continuous fevers for a month is that normal Can I have sex after tooth extraction? Can you take Naproxen for pain after a tooth extraction? 4 wisdom teeth out,,,, can I take Motrin 800 every 6 hours and tylenol with codine every 4 hours Hello, I am an African Anerican Male, who had an unprotected sexual encounter about five months ago. Odds of HIV? Enlarged lymph node on the left side of neck and smaller one on right side. What could that be?  Can esophageal spasm cause teeth, both lower and upper, severe pain? After sinus lift, two teeth implants too much saliva production. What can be done? if ive possibly been exposed to STD's by recieving oral sex, what should I do besides cleaning mysel w/alc.and Ant./b.C. Dr. Moser. can i get C diff from having oral sex and my husband has rotten teeth? what makes a tongue turn yellow Should a oral surgeon remove impacted wisdom teeth if the patient has a sinus infection. omg! i just want to know how to stop my dogs tooth ache pain till i can get to a vet can i take advil with amoxicillin?  how can i tell if my wisdom tooth is becoming infected? Is it bad if I chew my blanket? I'm 17. How can I appeal a decision rendered by medicaid regarding a partial plate on my dental coverage? is it safe to take two kinds of antibiotics at one time Does repeated use of albuterol to treat an infant over a period of 8 months have long term effects on a child? I have a dark spot by my wisdom teeth on my gum that does not hurt what is it I got stitches and a filling over the stitches after tooth extraction. How long do I wait to smoke? are there any side effects after removal of wisdom teeth Can an abscessed tooth lead to cellulitis? can middle ear infection cause jaw and teeth pain? Will brushing my teeth with baking soda and sea salt increase my sodium intake? Can drugs damage my teeth? can amoxicillin 500mg cause for false drug test I had a tooth extracted over a month ago my tongue taste like metal. Do you know why. Should I brush my teeth before or after breakfast? 9 yr old dog who scratched me has died 2 months later, any rabies risk? What if your broken tooth is infected when your ready to have the crown put on? Whats the difference between dentures and false teeth? can you eat and drink after wisdom teeth surgery if you are still bleeding WHY WOULD A DENTIST REFUSE TO CLEAN TEETH IF YOU HAVE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE? should I delay my hip replacement because of tooth extraction? do you perserve knocked out teeth in milk, saliva or water 