What are the causes of blood in urine? I leak urine when I laugh, sneeze, or jump. A friend told me that vaginal weights can help. Are they really effective? My urine stream isn't as strong as it used to be. Is that normal? I am in my mid-twenties and masturbate four times a week. Could this cause the dripping that occurs after I urinate? What do the different urine colors mean? What could cause my urine to be cloudy or have a strong odor? My 5-year-old often has the urge to urinate but barely goes at all. The doctor says he doesn't have a UTI. What next? Why does my urine smell? What is dysuria? Why can't I urinate? Why cant I urinate? Had pelvic pain during pregnancy and still have the pain after miscarriage. What could it be? Waiting on results of UTI test (my only symptom is urethral pain, not when urinating). I'm feeling cold. Should I worry? When still I have a feeling of leaking urine though I stay dry. Feel like I need to hold it in, but never actually pee. i keep getting up to urinate in the middle of night. what can i do to stop? pain in testicals fullness/presure feelin,hurts to shart urinating afteri pee hurts to walk bend,what could it be I have kidney stones and UTI. I still have pain when I urinate. I have been on antibiotoics for 5 days.  I urinate too much when i am at school. What is wrong with me? Why do I still have blood and pus in urine after two rounds of antibiotics? Can low testosterone level cause increased frequency of urination and prostate enlargement. urinating while sleeping My son is urinating frequently, but only at night. No pain with it. What could cause this? Do I still have kidney stones? I am getting dizzy when I eat sugar and my legs also feel numb.  I'm feeling/seeing a fairly sudden swelling/bloat in my stomach and feeling the constant need to urinate, why is this?? im 21 and i struggle to urinate this was sudden out of nowhere any ideas what it could be? no burning or itching 19 mo. old had a 102 degree fever Friday, but seemed to break it with meds-now isn't urinating normal-no bw mvmt 2 dys having dreams about unrinating and actually urinate in my sleep. Scared to fall asleep and have an accident, I am 28. i have a clear odorless discharge every time i wipe from urinating. no other symptoms. What could this be? Can you get pregnant from genital rubbing without ejaculation? i am a gonorrhea patient. but i never had sex. i just kissed a girl twice. so what is the reason?i m so depressed.pls hp What can happen if you hold your pee for a long period of time without urinating? What can happen if you hold your pee?  Pain in penis shaft while urinating also a milky discharge at times. STD tests are negative. I am a 55 year old male.  why is it that i get a warm water sensantion in my leg? its in the same area every time. Should a person go to the ER if urinating with pain and bright color blood drops? My 4 year old grandson has a good strong stream of urine but it goes sideways. Will he grow out of this? Doc required? constiption for 3 days,no movement, I am a male. Why does it feel like i am going to urinate in my pants? my 8 year does not excercise, always complains of suffocation when running or playing How many bathroom trips in a day are considered "frequent urination"? difficulty urinating, nausea and vomiting. What the most likely problem I'm feel a constant desire to urinate, no fever, no pain and no burning or discomfort. What could be happening? My mother has started insisting that the people on TV are talking directly to her, ever heard of this before? What is a cramp in my abdomin,more in the middle than to one side when I urinate.It lasts only a few minutes after I go. my potty trained 3 year old wakes at night to pee but does not know she is wetting herself during the day I have an ovarian cyst and now have a strong vaginal odor with an urgency to urinate. Should I contact my doctor again? I am experiencing spotting, cramping and frequency in urination, but I feel a jolt of pain when I pee. I am taking antibiotic, can this cause lower abdomen pain and increase urination? how do you heal small cuts near the vaginal opening anus? Is13 days to long to go on with a UTI I am a female. What could be the reason there is an orange color when I wipe after urinating? Why does my bum burn when I go pee? i have a yellow vaginal discharge with odor its getting worse my period is becoming spuratic For the past week, I have been feeling weird sensations in my vaginia. It feels like I have to pee even though i don't. When I urinate I have air bubbles coming out in the urine. Now I am passing air from my urethea. How long should I lay on my back and keep my hips elevated after intercourse when trying to conceive? i have blood in my urine, male, 50 yoa, had fever/headache yesterday, feel better today Should I be worried about weak flow urination in combination with frequent urination? Could 1 be the cause of the other? My 3 year old had a fever for the past 2 days. She is complaining of stomach pain and can't urinate. What is happening with my body? What if I am getting pale color stools on a regular basis but with out feeling pain from gallbladder? My period is very heavy. I've lost 80% of my sense of smell and my bladder suddenly emptied without needing to urinate. what could it mean if urine comes out white and the consistancy is like water mixed with flour?  what if I am spotting can I still take the pregnancy test my 6yo son urinates at a 45degree angle and has since birth, is this normal or is there an issue? I have extreme lower back/hip pain (right side) neasua, loss of appetite, and not urinating as often. Any advise? I drink atleast 6 litres of water a day- should i be worried? Why do I have painful stinging while urinating after intercoarse? Can contraceptive films play a part in that? im a 23 year old female whats happening if i have to urinate frequently and there a slight itching feeling afterwards? is a urinary trac infection transferable female to male during sexual intercourse Greetings. My wife of 17 years and I EACH want to be seduced by the other. However, last night, we had VERY GOOD sex.?? what can cause buring of the labia minora I can't feel my bladder getting full, I just use the bathroom every 3-4 hours and relieve myself is this norman? i get u.t.i s often and i have been dealing with alot of pain in my sides and i am not sure what it is. .i need answers Bleeding after sex, pain during urination - not chlamydia, not UTI. toddler urinating every 5 minutes  What happens if a guy urinates into a woman's vagina?  I am a 30 year old male and have to urinate ~20 times/day. It is especially bad as I go to bed and right as I wake up. Doctor test results in mail states I am fine, but i noticed protien in urine test was 30mg/fl a abnormal amount. Can a girl get pregnant from just precum? Is is better to be spit on or urinated on? it burns a bit and there is a white milky fluid when i urinate from my penis Could a catheter prevent a kidney stone from passing? how long is it safe to go without urinating because of kidney stone blockage? Should i go to the emergency room? how long is it safe to go without urinating because of kidney stone blockage? Should i go to the emergency room? my boyfriends penis hurts when he has an erection and while it goes down.its raw at the tip and very sore I have a uti. It's worse than any uti I have ever had before pain-wise, and there is blood in my urine. Is this normal? I am having bladder pain after I urninate sometimes before I do, but I never have pain while urninating. It could be? Help calculating menstrual cycle I have only had 2 periods in the past 9 months, I am not pregnant. I also urinate CONSTANTLY. What could be wrong? can i use sulfameth/trimethoprim to cure a bacterial vaginosis infection? Tip of the penis is itchy, pain during urination and it feels as if it is leaking but no pus. I am having frequent urination, am slightly uncomfortable,and having problems acheiving an erection, what should I do? How likely is it that I would have a primary Herpes 2 outbreak 15+ years after first getting the virus? what does it mean when i have a slight burning sensation when i urinate and i have a white discharge that looks like cum Why does my urine smell like baby powder? Having post circumcision bleeding from stitches while urinating Is it medically possible to urinate when a woman has an orgasm?  My son is 7 years old and weighs 90 pounds and urinates a lot what does this mean? What does it mean when I have vaginal milky white fluid as well as a burning sensation and constant need to urinate? Is it possible to have a UTI and a yeast infection at the same time?  low grade fever, lower abdominal pain, motion, frequent urination at night, unable to digest food properly What does it mean when a urine dip stick test shows the highest Specific Gravity result? Can scar tissue from a previous appendectomy of long ago inhibit bladder capacity causing frequent urination? What is an acceptable level of urine to remain in the balader after one has urinated and not be a retention problem? l I have yellow green pus like discharge coming out of my penis as well as leftside behind ribs aches. Urination iritation is it normal to be spotting and hurting when urinating? Amber colored urine? Dehydration? Urine prugent odor with frequent urinations and intense non-painful flow. Started with 2tbsp lemon water in mornings. is it normal to have air coming out of the penis after you urinate when you have a UTI? Why is there pain at my gooch after peeing? tingling at end of penis giving urge to urinate Curved penis Im 28 prostate problems or something else? Frequent urination/split stream/excess dribbling spots in pant minutes after I have been spotting for about 3 months how does higher altitude affect urnation? I have pain in both testicles, and the left testicle is kind of swollen. I thought std's but test came back normal sore womb area I have frequent urination at night. What causes that? Vaginal discharge that appears white on underwear but is yellowish on tissue, itching, burning, general discomfort,help? Can I be pregnant? why would a 59 year old woman have a stickey discharge when i pee Could this cause pregnancy? Dull throbing pain in testicles, off and on but getting worse. Possiinly related to racquetball injury months ago. Are there side effects of multiple hernia repairs? Is it possible to have Undiagnosed Kidney Cancer for 10 years ? Pretty sure I have a kidney stone. Do I really need to see a doctor or can I just wait until I pass it? Why am I haveing severe abdominal pain?I am 40 yrs old and have been haveing pain on right side since August? chunks in urine, e.d. issue, pain in genitals, and yellow ejaculate Is it possible to get pregnant with the possibility of pre-ejaculation dripping in and then oral sex on her right after? It burns or feels like a dull pain at the end of urinating. Is this an infection or STD? I'm with a new partner.... Can an enlarged prostate cause hyperventilation or heart racing when a man has to urinate? Should I have UTI rechecked if still have lower back and abdominal tenderness along with urinating frequently? A friend of mine is having a problem urinating today... He's 57, overweight 5'9" 265lbs. Would drinking some h2o help? can drinking more water, replace prescribe water pill? My Labia itch intensely, especially after I urinate. No other symptoms. Is it possible to be allergic to my urine? Have a mirena iud for dysuterine bleeding, constant vaginal discharge of old blood. difficulty urinating. why? Burning pain at tip of penis when urinating. Do I have an STD? (Male) Age 83.Swelling both ankles.Reduced salt.Heart,Kidney OK.Swelling ankles periodic. Within the last 3 weeks, I have developed a problem with urinating. I have the strong urge but have to focus hard to pee When I urinated the other day, and big lump of something came out, it looked like thick mucus or something. Thank you  I recently had oral sex with my boyfriend while he had a cold sore. Could I have contracted genital herpes from him? I have sudden tremors, nausia, frequent urination. What could be the problem? I have sharp pains from my belly button to my testicles Overactive Bladder? HELP PLEASE! Gas and girgling from penis while urinating I have been urinating frequently and very thirsty. Should I worry? Frequent Urination without pain or burning sensation. Experiencing Urination problem mostly during day times. I have this mind trick that enables you to urinate. How do I get the truth out? I have this mind trick that enables you to urinate. How do I get the truth out? Missed period please help Wednesday night I urinated. At end of urination, had a pain in my right testicle. What could cause this? slow urination. frequent at night. swollen vaginal area.wet bed 7yr old daughter, problems urinating, strong ammonia smell ejaculation and masturbation when i ejaculate what feeling does pumping feel like genitourinary system disorders Can a UTI cause bumps/sores near your vagina? Vaginal pain painful time urinating ,light blood came from vag.4th time peed,chunky discharge from vag. I went to use the bathroom and when I wiped I noticed that there was hurting on my vaginal area.  extreme thirst, urinating every 20-40 min for 6 hours straight. headache. vomitted 3 times in past 10 hours. no fever  I am possibly pregnant and recently began to urinate blood but it's more pink, also hurts severely! Help?! Pain occurs in one area of penis in a ring around the mid shaft only when erect. No difficulty urinating, no other pain. What casues pain after Urination? How often should 35 month old urinate? Are my kidneys functioning properly? forceful urination Is it normal to experience an urgency to urinate after having kidney stones? Can taking Biotin cause yeast infections? Advice for frequent urination and possible prostatitis? I have been diagnosed with low risk prostate cancer. My symptoms have changed. What are your recommendations? NAUS/VOMI LOW L AB/BACK PAIN SOMETIMES R SIDE PENILE PAIN RANGE TO TESTIS ON MANY MEDS URGE/FREQ/PAIN URINE NARROW URETH What can I do to increase my potassium? I have urinating every 15/20 every mins uncountless times a day is this normal?  I did not have intercourse but rubbed my penis on her vagina. I finished my period over a week ago, 3 days later I started to spot and going on 6 days, increasing amounts is this ok What does it mean when you are staying hydrated,but having trouble urinating? Why aren't the iron suppliments working for my animea? I have to urinate every 2-3 hours thruout the night/sleeping. I do drink 8-10 glasses of H20 a day. what causes this? Sharp sting in urethra when urinating. No obvious signs of std or uti. Urine looks the same but smells different? Std? Why does my bladder feel like it is going to explode? Diabetes Symptoms Small white dots on inside of uretha of penis 2 small bulge in vagina,frequent pus discharge from vagina usually after urination,pus has foul smell.What could it be? Sometime during bowel movements I strain and accidentally ejaculate. It furthermore hurts to urinate. Lasts for 10 mins Can i have or had an std that caused balantis or something?  I HAVEN'T URINATED IN 12 HOURS . AM I OK ? NO PAIN. Discovered Green Blob at End of Penis I am 24 yr old male w/ frequent urination on an off for the past few months.Does this sound like bladder cancer? Adult male I urinate around 4 to 8 times an hour. I drink one cup of coffee in the morning and water the rest of the day. Why do I keep wetting myself so easily I have blood in urine/painful urination 17 months following Brachytherapy. Is this normal? I am on Tamsoulosin. My Dr. diagnosted me when this bacterial vaginosis. My lower abdomen hurts to touch, and when I urinate as well. All day my urine smells like a dirty diaper 50 yr old female feeling urge to urinate very frequently but no or small qty urine. advise action please. Late period, swollen (not sore boobs), frequent urination (but believe UTI), finally day 12 light red/brown blood, preg? I'm deydrated but have been drinking water constantly and instantly urinating it out. Also have diarreha, light headed Getting up from laying down i have to urinate immediately and its like every 2 hours every night Is it normal to not have the urge to urinate for 59 yr old female? Non-Chlamydia/Gonorrhea caused penile discharge. I've taken antibiotics 3 times. Symptoms go away then return in 3 weeks does masturbating help or hurt an enlarged prostate? Penis swollen in area just under head. Dark spot in middle like a bruise. Tender to touch urinating is normal. before i was urinating and sperm coming from tip of penis.Now it seems it is coming out of the side. Please help  Hypospadias Overactive Bladder Why do i have extrem acid reflux and feel sick all the time as well as wind and discomfort Can a urine test detect chlamydia if a tampon was worn while urinating?  what if it doesnt burn to urinate it feels like it is stuck is that still a uti Itchy vaginia slight smell pain when urinating like a uti Sudden extreme thirst,headache,dry mouth/throat,frequent urination,eyepain,pressure on throat.It won't go away! What does it mean when after I go urinate sperm comes out. Slight burning but more like inflammation feeling after urination that lasts 20-30 mins weeks After uti treatments? Pregnant?? several years ago I was told I had a fiscula .. 2 weeks ago I began urinating out of my rectum .. should i see my doctor A stray cat urinated on my lap and I'm very worried since it's around and might have touched my vagina, what do I do? Slight irriation at the opening of urethra after oral sex. I felt some slight discomfort during which may be the cause 