What is abnormal vaginal bleeding? What causes vaginal bleeding during or after sexual intercourse? Will exercising the vaginal muscles make my vagina tighter? Do tighter vaginal muscles improve sexual response? Will plastic surgery make my vagina smaller? I leak urine when I laugh, sneeze, or jump. A friend told me that vaginal weights can help. Are they really effective? What is vaginal dryness? Has anyone experienced strong vaginal odor while going through menopause? Will my overactive bladder and incontinence get worse with pregnancy and a vaginal birth? Since being treated for chlamydia, I have noticed a change in odor and discharge of my vagina. What could be going on? I am 10 weeks prenant and having vaginal pain. Is this normal? Is saw palmetto was a good supplement for vaginal dryness and indigestion in menopausal and post menopausal women? What is vaginal culdocentesis? What is vaginal atrophy? What are the most common problems reported when vaginal mesh was used for repair of prolapse? does covering my vagina with toilet paper and sleeping with it there help or hurt my chance of prenancy? What causes the vagina to close on an elderly woman? Used plan B twice this month. now have vaginal bleeding and lower abdomial pain. not sure whats wrong. any suggestions? Hi, I am having an issue with my vagina lips. They are very itchy and irritated. Whenever my husband ejaculates (w/o a condom), I have an excruciatingly painful burning sensation in my vagina. Why? I have 2 dark purple round circles the sizes of a pea. They're spaced apart like a fang bite of a spider. Can intercourse cause irregular periods or prolonged period-like pain?  Can using metronidazole gel close to my period affect when my period arrives? I am one week late. I have vaginal bleeding everyday for over two cycles with no pain. I'm young and on the pill. What can be causing this? Can a person be allergic to prenatal vitamins? My bf says I have a strong horny ordor that doesn't smell pleasant, what could this be could it be because I had a kid My gf started to get her period last night and we had sex. I came inside of her vagina. Could she be pregnant?  My gf started to get her period last night and we had sex. I came inside of her vagina. Could she be pregnant? Can cronic cough producing much mucus (irritated esophagus) be result of cunnilingus on female with vaginal infection? Vaginal redness and irritation without discharge My lips and fingers as well as vaginal secretions all taste bitter. Any idea why? Can burning/itching around the vagina and clitoris be signs of pregnancy? can u get scabies in your vagina? im 21 and cannot orgasm or stay wet during sex and its only been this past year whats going on? What if I'm taking metronidazole for a bacterial vaginal infection and may be 1 week pregnant? Will it harm my baby? should i be worried if they can't see the baby i'm about sixs week pregnant My vaginal fluids have a tendency to "bleach" my underwear, is that possibly Ph unbalance? Ingrown hair or STD?  I've been on my period for ~6 weeks. I am a 16 yo. There is extreme pain and sensitivity in my vagina,and itching. Help? can vagisil treat vaginal warts and yeasts? I had took a bath and my vaginal area starting to burning really bad. if i have oral herpes can the girl get it if we have vaginal sex, dont kiss or have oral sex, but dont use a condom? Can anything serious happen if a Voltaren Oral tablet was put inside the vagina? I had a one night stand with protection. Is it likely that I have contracted an STD? Small bump near entrance of vagina, no discharge or anything, hurts when wiped over, not sexually active. What is it? why do i have what look like blood blisters on my vagina lips and near the anal area? After ejaculation can the sperm slide back down out of the vagina or is it normal for sex to be messy? Can a woman get a yeast infection in her eyes or nose that have allergy like symptoms from touching her vagina then eye? After sex and for days I experience the feeling that my insides are falling out and it is painful. What could it be? I'm a virgin, but have vaginal itching, soreness, green/yellow discharge, what is wrong with me? why have i got a sore/burning vagina I had a vaginal pimple, was popped, cleaned, but now keeps bleeding as if it were an open wound that won't stop bleeding what can cause vaginal discharge and pain? I am experiencing a Strong Oder and a LOT of thick discharge from my Vagina is this symptoms of an STD or something else Burning, itching, yellow discharge from vagina. Is it a yeast infection?  How long does it take for a vagina to return to normal after vaginal birth? vaginal smell even though i already used monistat My 5 year old daughter has a pimple that started on the top of her vagina. There are 2 more on upper thigh. What is it? I'm 41 and have had moderate outer vaginal itching but no discharge. Haven't had sex in 2 months i have a lump on my vagina that came back after it went away for a week it came back alot more painful and alot bigger i have a very large abscess in my vaginal area. should i go to the hospital? What happens if you bleed during sexual intercourse, at the same time having period symptoms but no period? anus too close to vagina i have constant pain in my vagina bone. it is tender to the touch. My Gyno diagnosed me with HSV2 by just a 2 minute observation without a culture or bloodtest. Is this legitimate? My 5 year old daughter is wet after wiping from a wee, she wipes a couple of times but knickers are still wet after? how many days after having unprotected sex can sperm stay in your vagina?not sure when i got pregnant can i possibly have a disformed vagina?  i am 37 weeks pregnant, what are the sharp vaginal pains that make it seem like my baby is stabbing me from the inside? after having sex with a girl a day or two after she will get a vaginal odor. why? whats wrong with my semen, its thick.  help i think i may have herpes  My 10 month old daughter has a few red bumps on her vagina. It doesn't seem the bother her. I WAS PRESCRIBED AMOXICICILLIN FOR A FOOT INFECTION. I NOW HAVE A VAGINAL BURNING AND ITCH. SIDE EFFECT?  is it possible to have contracted vaginal herpes from a sexual partner who has never had prior sexual partner before me? 68 years old,what make vagina burning Is vaginal wetness part of Perimenopause? The last time I had sex its hurt more then is use to and after i found three white bumps what could this mean Do I have a yeast infection or an STD? What is the fleshy area between the urethra and the vaginal opening? Can it get in the way during sex? My partner is unable to put his penis in me because I find it very painful and almost unbearable. can an ovarian cyst rupturing cause vaginal bleeding? inserting finger into girls vagina leads to pregnancy  I do not get blisters but I do get vaginal ulcers Is it possible that I have still have herpes? Possible BV in two year old? I have an ovarian cyst and now have a strong vaginal odor with an urgency to urinate. Should I contact my doctor again? Can I get pregnant if the sprem drops on my vagina without penetration but ejaculation accurs out of vagina? I am having trouble keeping my penis hard during vaginal sex. The feeling/sensation in my penis seems to disappear. I have a longer piece of skin hanging from my vagina Can a yeast infection cause blisters? 6th month of pregnancy, no pain but can feel a soft, sac like something in my vagina, what is this? Touched pregnants wifes vagina with hand that had dry paint on it. how do you heal small cuts near the vaginal opening anus? Does vagina blood kill sperm and prevents pregnancy? can a OBGYN tell if your fertile with a vaginal exam? Is it possible to get vaginal infections from a person doing drugs Is itching, leaking, and smell in the vaginal area a sexual disease? How can it be cured? What does it mean when you pass a HUGE blood clot during your period? i have a first time sex experience,23 aged boy using a condom, but i just ejaculated even bofore inserting into her,WHY? my wife had rash in her upper part of vagina. was seen after the intercourse.looks the rash occured due to intercourse I am about to get married and have never had intercourse before, I worry that my vaginal opening is too small for him. For the past week, I have been feeling weird sensations in my vaginia. It feels like I have to pee even though i don't. What can cause constant lower back pain and a dull pain that occurs on the underside of my pelvic area? Pain on urination, blood on toilet tissue, itchy - not uti, chlamydia, gonorrhea, yeast infection, and ultrasound good ? ive been with the same partner for 9 yrs now and all of a sudden i have a rash on my vagina.. what could thiis be? If i wash after intercourse, will the water wash the semen away? Do I have Genital Herpes? Can bacteria in the vaginal area cause skin condition? Should foreskin be retracted before intercourse? my bf rubbed his penis to my vagina n i got an orgasm but we were wearing clothes. any chances of me getting pregnant? i have bumps on my vigina and my doctor said it is not a std but they wont go away how do i get rid of them I have had a strange itch on my clitoris for a few weeks now. What may be causing this? unknown sexual partner(from rape). result: sore in vaginal area, swollen, sick, fever, cold sore- not confirmed.  Is terconazole vaginal crm. more effective than fluconazole 150mg tab. for getting rid of a recurring yeast infection? What could cause blood in stools or vaginal bleeding two years after complete hysterectomy in 88 year old? I have a really bad Oder coming from my vagina even after i washed it  three month we were having sex but her vagina is too loose as same as before?is she having sex with oters guys? not able to ejaculate while having sex What would cause vaginal bleeding the next morning after intercourse?? Can too much sex cause vaginal dryness? whenI have my period I notice that I not only bleed from my vagina, but also a little from my rectum? Is this normal? Do I have herpes or something else? Can a doctor tell if you've had an abortion or been previously pregnant during a vaginal exam for a new pregnancy? Could I be pregnant by a not-at-all-deep ejaculation? (period is late by 4 days) Started period 2 days ago, was normal heavy with the achey feeling I always have day 1. Day 3 I have seen no blood why? how can I orgasm? Im almost 30 and have never had one Can a late period and vaginal mucus be a sign of pregnancy? I have had burning, swelling and itching of my labia minora on the left side near the vaginal opening. I have a papercut feeling on the outside upper part of my vagina. it also itches. what is it Is it o.k. to use KY gel to help insert premarin vaginal cream applicator ? My wifes vagina is very small and penis is not fitting she also tells that she is not getting mood.is there any medicine What if you have unprotected vaginal intercourse within 24 hours of starting birth control? What is the cause of this vaginal itch, how should I treat it?  Can fingering cause an STD in the vaginal area? my grandaughter appears to be missing a vaginal orifice. Is this a known condition? Bumps IN my vagina? Can pre-cum around the vagina (no penetration whatsoever) get a virgin girl pregnant? lot of fluid come out of my vaginal area that smelled like old urine after I had an orgasam... What happens if a guy urinates into a woman's vagina?  what can i do about vagina odor? i have a burning and swelling of my vaginal lips and it hurts what is the cause and is there anything i can put on it what is the name the drs call the vagina after a total hysterectomy when they have reshaped it Late period and plan b Do vaginal canal fluids harm sperm? I've noticed an increase in clear or milky fluid in my underwater the week after my period. What is this? can masturbation inhibit ejackulation in a vagina? My girlfriend is concerned about her health. Her vagina hurts kind of bad right now and has chunky like cottage cheese/  I have a small lump between my butt and my vigina. Is that normal?  If a girl gets sand in her vagina and have sex, and if there was to be sperm would it be easy to find for a doctor? how can i get rid of my saggy inner vagina lips without any surgery? i have no dischare, pain or itching from the vagina but everytime i have sex i have a STRONG odor like ammonia I just recently got off my period and when my boyfriend and I had sex it was painful, also my vagina itches badly. why am i 27 and have had only 2 periods in a year and have vaginal pain before sexual intercourse what happen to my vagina? I pulled out a tampon, and pulled out a tube from my vagina when I did? abdominal pains/bloating, headaches, fatigue, feel sick, very little gush from vaginal area 4 days past ovulation.Preg? Can a woman get pregnant from ejaculation on back that may have dripped near her vagina? I have a large lump at the back of my vagina, it is long and round with a hole in the top of it. is it a cyst? I'm a 50 year old woman who has recently developed a strong vaginal odor and am spotting after sex. Need to see doctor? I have started menopause, and have constant itching of the outer vagina area.Neg. on STD's. Pap smear ok. I have started menopause, and have constant itching of the outer vagina area.Neg. on STD's. Pap smear ok. Is there a solution for the inability to maintain an erection and delayed ejaculation? sudden cramps, light bleed and something small came out with light bleed that wasn't a clot. Pain when my BF enters me then bleeding, hurts in the anterior part of my vagina close to the entrance like a pinch Why does my vagina make a popping sound when my boyfriend first enters when we have sex can i use KY jelly and Emla cream together for vaginal sex? is it safe to use both at same time Could a female get genital herpes from an asymptomatic male who always wore a condom? I just got diagnosed w/Herpes type 1 in my genital area. Should I now avoid sex with my partner to avoid getting type 2? Can intercourse with a partner with vaginal dryness affect the penis, including "raw" spots, slight pain, etc.? i have a bug bite like, itchy bump near vagina opening... it doesnt hurt ... im not sexually active. what does yellowish green discharge out of the vagina mean? I'm having large pieces of skin coming out of my vagina on my period. I've never had this happen before. What is it? why do women secret more fluid when sexually aroused by orally than women can a woman get pregnant if the penius was on the outside of the vagina by rubbing on it Does the vagina farting during sex mean that woman has been cheating? does the air inside come from previous sex? Inside vagina feels swollen and painful to insert tampon. There's no discharge, no smell. How soon after taking 1-day vaginal medicine for yeast infections can you pee without losing what's inside? I have polyps on my cervix, tilted uterus, and fibroid tumors. Heavy bleeding and pain. Do I need a hysterectomy? Is vaginal bleeding for two months straight, normal? my boyfriend got off on the inside of my vagina some but not UP IN it now i have a yeast infection. could i be pregnant? I have tissue that hangs out the opening of my vagina after giving birth what is it? what can cause vaginal ph to rise ? vaginal odor for the past 4 months Though I don't feel anything in/around my vaginal canal or cervix, is it possible for a tampon to be stuck up there? Can condoms cause the vaginal area to become red and swollen?  im having crawling sensations in my varginal area ? Can you get pimples inside of your vagina near the edge of the vaginal opening? What to except after partial hysterectomy (Uterus removed) Can I get genital herpes if I already get fever blisters? Are there any new answers for post menopausal pts. whose vaginal area has shruken besides premarin cream? why does my vagina itch and have a yellowish discharge, it burn when i pee or have sex  How to remove a Sebaceous Cyst What does it mean when I have vaginal milky white fluid as well as a burning sensation and constant need to urinate? Confusions about the"Vagina"!!! Bf said he had dishcharge from his penis and a slight burning sensation. These symptoms stoped after 1 week. What is it? Can kidney infections cause vaginal bleeding wife can not orgasm from vaginal sex or oral sex only when I finger her If my perideum is ripped will it burn to pee? Will I get pregnant ? Does making period comes faster helps to prevent a pregnancy from occuring? Hi, I'm 16 and I have a ball inside my vagina it doesn't hurt and when I was masturbating blood came out Patch of harder and rougher tissue inside my vagina, on the anterior wall, about 1-2 inches in length.  I've been having this vibration feeling in my vagina. It feels like if your cell phone is in your pocket on vibrate. SOS My ex and I had a daughter.He lied to me about his herpes. Since he exposed it to me, do I have it even tho he took meds can shingles in the vaginal area be responsible for causing herpes at a later time I am a 19 year old virgin and I have a yeast infection. I would like to know what treatment to use as a virgin.  My vagina doesn't lubricate itself and I can't orgasm. Should I see an obgyn? How do I fix myself? medication? Surgery? I just noticed a small hole in my skin right next to my vagina opening. I'm not sexually active. Should I be concerned? recently I've been getting boils in my vagina area or my inner thigh is this common does diphenhydramine hcl cause vaginal dryness i had yeast infection doctor gave me pill it didnt work i used monasat 7 i am still in pain and discharge can it be std does the vagina need to be shaved prior to a lapriscopic hystrectomy Are gastroenterologist allowed to perform vaginal exams on a patient who complains about abdominal pain? Safe sex time and pregnancy What will happen if I have sex while taking metronidazole vaginal gel? I have a bump on my vagina and im std free what could it be? pelvic prolapse, is intercourse possible? vagina Can a er doctor do a vaginal exam Itching, white discharge and blood with it. I was fooling around with my girlfriend and I end up ejaculation on(outside) her vagina. Will this get her pregnant ? How do you get a Bacterial infection in the vagina ? can taking CLA cause vaginal odor? I am 23 years old. No kids. I suffer from vaginal dryness. What would you suggest for treatment other than lubricants? My daughter is 4 and diagnosed with scabies but last night a white long thing crawled out of vagina. Please help Can u lose the condom inside the vagina? I was having a weird pulsing sensation in my vagina with no pain while sitting or laying down. What do I due a drug reaction to amoxicillin What do I due a drug reaction to amoxicillin If you get blisters on the front where the hair is not underneath is that herpies? There are never blisters on lips. Is it possible that a tampon be left in the vagina after menstuation and a woman NOT develop Toxic Shock Syndrome?  Having twins at 44 years old does vaginal birth cause incontinence I am taking the lupron depo for endometrosis. I have symptoms of: vaginal clots and mucus, dizziness and nausea. Why? CAN a virgin women get pregnant without penetration Is vaginal bleeding for 11 days normal? what could be the cause of this? Vaginal dryness and lack of sex desire because of birth control pill? brown vag discharge after hysterectomy, and post mennopausal Bumps on vagina, what is it???? After using scented soap. I now have clear odorless discharge and a slight itchin my vaginal region am I allergic? Why do some women get, blackheads, and pimples, In the groin rea, and the vaginal lips?? I am a 23 yr old female, who has been very sensitive in her vaginal area, always aroused. why is that? I found an opening (feels like a tube) about an inch into vagina. No discomfort. About 1/3' Diameter. What could it be? Periods stopped 6-7 months ago, severe itching of vaginal area, not sexually active, what can cause these symptoms? Soreness on vulva area. What could it be? It is between my vagina lip and bikini line area. How can I cleanse the fecal matter out of my vagina What can happen if bacterial vaginosis is left untreated? my wife love anal sex rather than vagina , is it save Why do I feel a burning sensation in my mouth when I have oral sex with my girlfriend?  What cream i use for m vaginal pimple?help me please i feel fever i need the answer help me pls. White filmy stuff on inside of vagina lips Anal to vaginal sex Pain during intercourse Is thick vaginal mucus normal after sex? Must I have a pelvic exam? I have had a complete Hysterectomy. I have never had any vaginal problems. I am 74. Is what I have a Bartholin's Cyst? Everytime I have intercourse I have a cutting sensation inside my vagina on the right side. What could cause this? I can't stop doing kegels! my boyfriend ejaculated inside my vagina but im not pregnant is something wrong? Is there a vaginal tightening cream that really works? What other than a yeast infection could it be if the medicine doesn't work and more symptoms start occuring? Is it possible to obtain an std from a soft penis being rubbed against your vagina? What can cause recurrent midcyclic offensive vaginal odor in a virgin, with no associated discharge or itching ? Soap to cleanse female area my nipples are sore to touch and having funny feeling round my vagina and im constantly hungry and tired can I be preg Is it possible to get pregnant with the possibility of pre-ejaculation dripping in and then oral sex on her right after? can eczema present any place on body? after having sex with my husband im having yellowish orgasm on my vagina is that normal? Late Perido? can i get pregnant if he fingered me with very wet cum fingers, right after getting off on my leg close to my vagina my cervix is really low about an inch above the vaginal opening. is something wrong?  Could I be pregnant i had unprotected sex on the 26th, started bleeding 6days after-on Dec2 after having unprotected sex again with husband why do i have blood like blisters above my vagina? Help! If a girl was fingered before brief insertion I was in a car accident Sunday night and I have had vaginal bleeding since the accident should I be concerned? I had a hysterectomy done 2 weeks ago and 'im having moderate vaginal bleeding and really light headed. Even when I sit What are those bubble sensations near the vaginal opening, it pops sometimes but then returns. Make it stop? Pregnant with second child. My husband says my vagina feels loose. Can pregnancy make your vagina feel different? Vaginal bumps! please reply ASAP my period is late and i am having pressure down there could i be pergnant?  Am I pregnant or not What causes vaginal dryness in women age 45 What is the medical term for the fluid that comes out of a woman's vagina when she has an orgasm? Am I pregnant? I havent had my period since the end of August. I usually don't get my period for many months at a time.  lump near hemmoroid but near vaginal area Vaginal itching on the outside did obgyn diliberately deform my body? I had a c-section dec 14, 2012.afterwards the area above my vagina was enormous.. do I have an STD Could my girlfriend be infertile my husband says my vaginal area smells like a wet diaper! why? I'm 55, overweight,postmenopausal,no bladder issues. how do you keep vagina wet and have orgasm during intercourse??  Why does my vagina smell? My husband and I are trying to get pregnant, but during sex I get very wet could the seman leek out? Please help, could this be a sign of an STD? My niece is a 15-year-old virgin and just had the flu and now have blister like sores around my vagina. What is it? I have a bump that is on the lip of my vagina and it itches, could that be a sign herpes? what is the difference between shingles and herpes? can you get chlamydia just from switching from anal sex to vaginal sex?  If the condom falls off outside of the vagina as he was pulling out the final time can I still get pregnant?  is it true that if a white woman sleeps with a older blackman she can get what some calls vaginal worms? Is it possible to remove your female genitals? I recently had oral sex with my boyfriend while he had a cold sore. Could I have contracted genital herpes from him? Genital herpes or vaginal pimples ? can physical therapy help vaginal prolapse I had a marsupialization of the Bartholin's cyst last March. Is it possible for a recurrence? Having the same symptoms. Does shaving your vaginal  Being told I have herpes could It be a mistake.? I have been in menopause for 9yrs so why am I getting stomach cramps? What would cause abnormal vaginal bleeding after a workout?  Burning sensation in vaginal area. Pressure and bleeding when I wipe. Vaginal Tightness , Vaginal wetness , and Pelvic Discomfort ? I have an itch in my vagina with no discharge, burning, or smell. It does not match any symptoms I see listed.  Hi, I am 18 years old and a virgin, when I masturbate sometimes urine gets inside my vagina. Is this dangerous? What are chances of being hiv+ after protected sex with a callgirl if following additional details are true. I think I had feces come out of my vagina, what do I do? I have a new gigantic fold on one side of my gentitals. It was not there yesterday. Is this normal? Can having herpes cause reucrring BV?..Does Smelly odor from BV connect with genital herpes Why does my vaginal area get so sore after having a bowel movement?  Can you get gential herpes from ejaculation into the vagina can shaving cause vaginal infection how to get rid of vaginal oders that smell like onions extra skin around vagina hole What is my risk for HIV? I am white heterosexual male that had vaginal intercourse with a white female. i have sharp pain from my vagina shooting down my leg.. what could be wrong? my lower back hurts too. Could my saliva cause my wife to get a yeast infection in her vagina? Am I pregnant? its been like 50 days since my last period.Im an irregular.Until now there isnt any sign of blood at all. vaginal discharge and herpes-is there a vaginal cream available? slow urination. frequent at night. swollen vaginal area.wet bed Metronidazole vaginal treatment 7yr old daughter, problems urinating, strong ammonia smell I been tearing on the outside of my vaginal area durring sex. what Can I do to stop this? Do I have a yeast infection? Large lump on the vaginal lips Why no sex after tension free vaginal tape surgery? My vagina is really red and burning. The doctor did a physical exam and diagnosed it as vaginitis.  Tear at vaginal opening due to a slip during intercourse I'm 7 weeks postpartum and I noticed a foul vaginal odor and a sore clitoral region. What's going on? Can I get chlamydia if someone ejaculates on me, or on/around my genitals, but not inside my vagina? Can a UTI cause bumps/sores near your vagina? What is helpful for vaginal dryness if you have had breast cancer and chemo? When I was 20 I had sores in my mouth. They came back a few years later. What is it? What would cause continued vaginal itching? Yeast infection, vaginitis and STDs have been ruled out. New symptoms Does the sore always come back in the same place, or can it occur inside the vagina too? I went to use the bathroom and when I wiped I noticed that there was hurting on my vaginal area.  What causes vaginal dryness in women everytime i shave i get ingrown hairs/boils in my vaginal area. how do i prevent this and treat it? Everytime I shaveI get ingrown hairs/boils in my vaginal area. How do I treat and prevent? If no discharge or smell, but slight itching and just uncomfortable feeling in the vaginal area, with slight bleedinng? what can be done to avoid blocking the bartholin gland i am a breast cancer survivor and had a hysterectomy, now I have a vaginal odor. what do you recommend? is it normal to have discarge from my vagina after a biopsy is done? where do the white skin tags come from that are in and around the vagina? Constant pressure/heavy feeling in vagina? How to reduce the pain from vaginal irritation? I went to the doctors, and she gave me some cream, but it still hurts? Does anal testing, test for hpv contracted from the penis during vaginal sex? I have had bacterial vaginitis before and it has returned. Can an OTC product help?  can a girl get pregnant with an unsevered hymen? Thanks a lot NOHARD for your answer! do you think her mucus/PH has something to do with the bad smell inside her?!! For the last year I have been suffering multiple vaginal irritations. What can be causing this? Can a vaginal ultrasound detect a std I did not have intercourse but rubbed my penis on her vagina. Small dark colored bumps near vagina how to deal with vaginal odor after period. Do I need to still have a pap after a vaginal hyserectomy why does my boyfriend say my vagina feel looser somtimes more than normal? Strong urine odor n a bit of itchiness around entrance of vagina After having a hesterectomy is it common to get protein in your urine and does it cause a rash in the vagina area. I'm not on my period. But I've been getting really bad pains that I thought were cramps but they feel even worse .  after ejaculation in 1st condom entered vagina again of hooker with fresh condom. Groin penis itch after 5 days. Hiv ? I used Dove bar soap for to wash with for about a week and now I have irritated and itching bumps in my vagina fingered a day ago and now vagina swollen inside?? I have a bladder fistula, is it a pressing matter to get surgery done as soon as possible? When is my period due? When can do I take a Pregnancy test? having problems empty bowls seem like its trying to protruding into my Vagina. the wall between rectum and vagina . I have a hole in the crease of my leg near vagina, what is it? Can I be pregnant? can laundry soap allergic reaction make your vagina itch During intercouse, could shards of glass go into the vagina if they are on the condom? If so, could they be removed? what causes the vaginal light bloody discharge after a total hysterectomy does a womans vagina gets deeper and wider if she loses weight Can I get pregnant if my boyfriends dick touched my vagina hole without cum?  3 days after sexual intercourse with my partner i began experiencing severe vaginal itching. Please advise Does shingle vaccine help with herpes? I was diagnosed with herpes is it possible for shingles to appear in vaginal area Can you have blood clots in the vaginal area on one sidw mm Can you get blood clots in your vaginal area causing bulg  Vaginal Dryness What is a yeast-like infection prior to menstrating? Can pre-cum get a girl pregnant? even if i didnt actually cum at any time Options for post-menopausal vaginal dryness? 2 small bulge in vagina,frequent pus discharge from vagina usually after urination,pus has foul smell.What could it be? I'm donatin an egg, its going to be stored. They already did ultrasound in my vagina. Can my husband do oral sex on me? syphillis I am not able to do normal sex with my wife as i am not able to enter into her vagina.  when can I start exercisng after the vaginal tape surgery. I am very active and I am healing nicely. Thank you Over the course of the day, my vagina oder gets really foul. Also my stools stink really bad. what is it? Can you get athletes foot inside your vagina and can you spread it to sexual partners, what's the cure? I'm 51 and in menopause. I have frequent sex. Is there a substance in lubricants that exacerbates UTI's? light brownish vaginal fluid? can i get pregnant if he ejaculated on my vagina? How to take care of yourself after having oral sex to prevent vaginal infections Does a woman need to have a biopsy to find out if she has a yeast infection? Sex is painful, it feels like there is a ring in my vagina that is hard to push through and painful. Why? Had unprotected outercourse on the first day of my last period. My period's 3 days late. Could I be pregnant? If the seminal fluid is washed off is there still a chance of getting pregnant? I'm 15-years-old and my doctor says he wants to do a Pap Smear on me, is he trying to rape me? How long could sperm survive on a hand that has been wiped off but not washed? Is it possible to go undiagnosed for years?  are there has possibilities that i am pregnant even if i pull out his sperm out from my vagina? help me please :( vaginal itching at the top above the clitorius i have no discharge odor, or bumps? what could be causing this? I Blowjob her and insert my toung in, any chance she get infected from bacteria of mouth/breath ? why do men like cunnilingus Is it possible to have scabies on the vagina lips?  is it wise to use Dental Dam when both partners have no STD/STI ? I lick, and insert my tounge in vagina can you release air from your bloated belly out your vagina and buthole? Is is normal for the Nuvaring to slip and move around while in the vagina?  Itchy labia folds, but not itchy vaginal opening. Per my OBGYN not STD, Bacterial, or Yeast infection. What else? I found a small bump about an inch from my vagina, it does not hurt but started to bleed, no puss visible. What is wrong i am having 1 sore in vagina and mouth HPV transmission to facial or hand skin I am 34 have a very high libido and have experienced constant vaginal dryness for 4 years. Hormone test normal. Help? i have hemroids and now i am bleeding a few times a week,also my urine stream is light and have vaginal prolapes can a woman get NGU? My vagina is dryer than before so its burning me after sex. Wat should i do to let it be like before? im on the pill. I have a mass protruding from my vagina. It's not painful to touch but it is causing pain. Is this a cyst or prolapse? Can you smell your partners semen inside your vagina 2 days after sex? infant red puffy vagina Can you get an antibiotic related vaginal yeast infection if you have had a hysterectomy? stringy brown and clear discharge Was it a miscarriage, if there was a lot of bleeding and something jelly like when using the restroom to change her pad? Could she be pregnant? I would like some peace of mind.  Can oxybutynin contribute to vaginal atrophy? I am 69. Anyone here who knows of a pregnancy due to ejaculant on fingers being rubbed on vagina during mutual masturbation? Could my period be 2 weeks early? Or is it something else? for Vaginal itching caused by Vaginal Dryness, with Etrace cream, approx how long before the itching should stop? mild vaginal fish odor, some itch, recent issue with new toilet paper Pregnant with tampon in Why is my vagina opening grey?  How can I tell between a yeast infection or vaginal allergic reaction If a man is on Metformim, can the odor of metformim be transferred to a woman's vagina during intercourse? what would cause bright red vaginal bleeding in the beginning of the third trimester? what causes orange urine an body aches Can cigarette residue on fingers or mouth cause vaginal bacterial or yeast infection through oral or digital sex? As you age, will the area around your vagina be something other than pink in color? Does this mean it is not healthy? Can stretching of the legs during ballet and exercise increase the size of vaginal openings in a nine year old girl? Can having a bilateral salpingectomy cause a change in any hormones or menstrual patterns? Are there any home remedy creams to put near the vagina? I have a marble sized inflamed bump between my anus and vagina (to the right.) Embarrassing Question: Is Pregnancy Possible? I have a small bump on my vaginal area, recently a part of it popped and when I wiped it had blood but it's still red? Vaginal Opening- tissue growing back together Will/can the popular "egg" vibrators damage the uterus? Intercourse and all of my past and current partners always complain of a vaginal infection/yest infection  Hrt @ 50?  My 13 year old daughter has red sores on her vagina. There is no discharge or smell, just painful and itching.  Can you have stool from divertic. and gas come through your vagina without a fever? Vaginal blisters near the opening of my vagina that are in a linear line, whitsh in color. No burning, itching or pain. Blood in vaginal fluid PIC Should I be concerned? What is in my vagina? It's on the inside and its pink. its like a flower.Also there is a raised brown bump on the side I am not sexually active, have 4 white masses near my vaginal area, one is bigger than the other three, and rubbing=pain This has been happening daily, I have a clear gel like discharge from my vagina. No smell, no pain.  I found a brown egg like piece with pus in my vagina Girlfriends two week late, never had sex but precum touched top of vagina. She getting syptoms but two neg tests. Prego? Is there a way i can imitate a vagina instead of using my hands, because as soon as i start ejaculating  Why won't my hymen break? I've been w/ 3 people and even through vaginal penetration w/ fingers and penis it wont break is sex ok when you have a fibroid on uterus Can boric acid vaginal suppositories damage the kidneys? Can you get a yeast infection if you don't have a vagina Can you get a yeast infection if you don't have a vagina Painful clusters of whitish bumps on California and inside the "lips" on vagina Passing gas and it gets in the vagina? Need to worry? What types of relief can I use for vaginal and vulva itching when pregnant? I have 8 inch penis. Girls moan in pain, have gotten injured in sex.. i don't have a monster pornstar cock! HELP I found a ball shaped lump on my left side above my vagina area what could it be? I need to produce more natural lube.I'm prone to yeast infections and dry sex doesn't help.How can I do this w/out lube? Is pregnancy possible when semen lands near the vagina? Help Is pregnancy possible when semen lands near the vagina? HELP I have a water substance that comes from my vagina everyday. What could this be? I know it's not mucous or pee. Coffee ground like vaginal discharging Does soaking in epsom salt help with vagina odors? Is lavender scented Epsom salt good to for a long bath soak? genital herpes transmission through mutual masturbation I can't orgasm and sex hurts me. What is wrong with me? I have a sex drive, and I feel arousal, but I don't orgasm. Is there a test for candida? How concerned should I be after having sex with a call girl? Insect found in feces--help, panicked A stray cat urinated on my lap and I'm very worried since it's around and might have touched my vagina, what do I do? ok so i've masturbated a couple of times and after a couple of times of masturbating my vagina becomes very sore. why? Hi Dr. I feel a pulling sensation on my vulva/vagina. My GYN is not concerned but I am. I'm so confused and I dont know if It can result in pregnancy to have anal and a slight touch at my entrance by the cock 