Is there any way to get rid of the genital herpes virus? How is the human papillomavirus treated? Is the H1N1 vaccine a live virus or killed virus vaccine? If there is a person in your family who has H1N1 virus, how long should we as a family stay quarantined? How old do I have to be to get the HPV vaccine? Do I still have to get pap smears if Ive been vaccinated for HPV? If my partner and I both have the herpes type 2 virus, do we have anything to worry about? If a person contracts Hepatitis B, will they always carry the virus? Can they spread it if they reuse their needles? Is a pap smear or HPV test recommended for women? Is it possible that a newborn that tested negative for group b strep to start showing symptoms of it as a young adult? Is impetigo highly contagious? What causes hemmoroids? Can an HPV wart straind lead or cause vulnerability to cancer? If I had chicken pox as a child (I am 57), but I am exposed to it from a child, can I spread the virus to others? i am about to be 23. can i be going through pre menopause? Would removing adenoids help my 5 year old who has recurrent sinus infections and asthma? 11-mo has had D since Thursday. Thought it was a stomach virus but now stool is black/tarry. Do I need to call the Dr? A girl had genital HPV 1 year ago. After treating, her doctor said she was cured. Can she have sex? 6 months ago my daughter was diagnosed with mono. today we still battle the white stuff in her throat.anything we can do Can hpv lay dormant in your system and for how long? Can you be so sressed or freaked out that you pass out completely? how can viruses cause harm? My daughter has had stomach virus and has had fever for the past three days, Dr. said let it take its course true?? Is my daughter's viral pharyngitis contagious? me and my ex boyfriend now have the herpes virus, should we still use a condom if we have sex with each other? Can warts from a childs hand be passed on to my animals.  what viruses and /or bacteria can you contract giving a woman oral sex? if a person has an outbreak of genital herpes does their partner automatically contract the virus? can i get herpes from using the same computer mouse as some one infected with the virus? Can I have the virus HPV and be negative? i have a clear odorless discharge every time i wipe from urinating. no other symptoms. What could this be? My 6mth old weighs only 12.8 lbs and has had diarrhea for 3 weeks what tests could be done to help determine the cause. how can i prevent passing gastroenteritus to my family members in my household? If you have hpv warts on your throat can you pass the hpv virus through french kissing? My 6mth old weighs only 12.8 lbs and has had diarrhea for 3 weeks what tests could be done to help determine the cause. If someone is exposed to someone with shingles can that person become a carrier of the Shingles virus? Should I keep on going to the doctor for being sick and in pain if they can never find out why and send me on my way? Is there a test or blood test to detect HPV in MEN? Can a viral infection cause knee problems? My boyfriend's knees are stiff and painful. His knee caps are ok. Thnak you I have HPV do you think it's okay that I get breast implants? I'm taking a lot of immune boosting supplements Can you contract HSV-1 that results from a scab that keeps getting disturbed?  Can you contract herpes from some one if they double dip in a communal dish? What can be done to prevent HPV transmission to my partner? What are the risks if he is infected?  how soon after exposure to the flu virus do symptoms appear? Can women have sex if they have tested positive for HPV? Can a man with HPV transmit the virus by performing oral sex on a woman ? I was diagnosed wit hpv could that b the cause of not becoming pregnant we've been trying for 2 years tubes not blocked What alternatives are available to the regular pelvic exam for women? How long can herpes stay in your system before an outbreak? Years? Do you get a fever with a viral throat infection? Can the viral pinkeye cause blindness? dizziness, vomitting, falling down, hitting head. How do you check for concussion.? Been with the same man 7 years. I have HPV. Did he cheat on me? Does a family history of breast cancer increase the risk of cervical cancer with HPV pos pap results? I have had sex one time with a person infected with HPV. What is the percentage I will get HPV. They have genital warts. I have been with my husband for 11 years all my pap test came back normal. This pap test says i have HPV. how? Does being uncircumcised cause a greater risk of transferring hpv during oral sex than having a circumcised penis? can you get hpv without having intercourse?  if i have the cancerous strain of HPV, can i still get genital warts? What is the longest during till which I could have had HPV? can you get hpv when you have never had sex can you get HVP if you have had a hysterectomy? How does a man get rid of HPV How soon after infection is HPV detected in women  Is allergy drainage ever green or does that only indicate a viral or bacterial infection. Is there anything I can do/take to help heal my sore throat? Just diagnosed with HPV. Do my huband of 17 yrs and I need to always use condoms for life now? My pap smear shows abnormal cells.Could this be cervical cancer? How soon can the blood test detect if you have genital herpes about having oral sex Can HPV sprwad through sharing drinks, cigarettes, etc...? If I was just diagnosed with High Risk HPV with mild a-typical cells, would it be pointless to get the Gardisal shot? If I was just diagnosed with High Risk HPV with mild a-typical cells, would it be pointless to get the Gardisal shot? I've had HPV for about 3 yrs and it has gotten worse. What are my odds of my fertility being effected? Can herpes cause HPV in others?  my wife has hpv but i never cheated on her can her hpv lie dormant? Can you kill an uncaught hepes viruse By washing your hands? 12.5 years ago I had surgery for genital warts (anal). No recurrences. No precancerous cells. Can I still pass on HPV? Are all genital warts a form of HPV? Does prednisone Oral have longterm side effects If your husband has HPV how do you have a child without contracting it? When it's cold or sudden drop in temperature, why do I get a cold sore on lips? my boy friend had blusters on his penis and now it's painning could this be herpes i think i have a stomach virus? i havent been able to eat for days, and it's been causing headache and i am always tired After being rimmed I noticed blood on my underware and tissues when I whipped what are the chances of contracting hiv incubation period for west nile virus Can HSV come from someone who has HPV? could i be pregnant? how is shingles contagious received three virus flu shot instead of four. what can i get to compensate. have asthma can viral pneumonia cause meniere's disease can you get HIV from a broke condom? I tested positive for HSV-2 anti-bodies. I have not had an outbreak. Does this mean I have the virus? should one stop smoking to help prevent outbreaks of hpv? does having sex during menstrual cycle lessen the chance of spreading the virus to her? Boyfriend just diagnosed with oral hpv, non cancerous. Ive never been sexually active with him. How is this contracted? If I use a washer right after someone with HPV used it (assuming he/she washed underwear), can i possibly get infected? Is herpes complex contagious if it is dormant in a person? is hpv vaccine concidered to be a birth controll medication ? and what are some other side effects  Can ringworm virus give someone shingles? Can one get infected through kissing someone who has oral HPV? How long after you have started antibiotics are you still contagious with the strep virus? Child had been immunized for chickenpoks and came in contact with shingles virus during contagious stage can they get it Do most people get infected by the common cold when touching the nose, when touching the eyes, or breathing in droplets? Does ringing in the ear cause the face to droop on one side? If I tested positive for HPV, will my partner automatically get the virus? Is it possible to have a stomach virus without vomiting or diarrhea? what is non viral hepatitis If I have genital herpes, can I perform oral sex on my partner and not give them the virus? is cancer a virus A 40 yr old female and just found out I was born wi/ the virus I've had no problems. Im floored Is this possible? Can I get the stomach virus again? What is the likely hood of a female getting hpv from a male who got it from another girl, is there a way to prevent it? I've been sick for two weeks already and it's gotten worse today, could it still be viral pharyngitis? Non-itchy raised bumps at leg with central dimple. viral or fungal?bug bite? Viral Bronchitis / Viral Upper Respitory Infection. can someone who has had their tonsils removed still get strep throat? i had viral phrayngitis about 2 weeks ago...and i think its back, what should i do? is this going to keep happening? my son has had a viral infection for a week and is now running a temp around 101f, is this normal Why am I going from comfortable to cold to sweating throughout the day.  Tinnitus - how likely temp vs permanent? Had ear wax removal 10 days ago, then got a cold virus. Tinnitus for over 1 wk I have anal warts(hpv). They ar very painful, bleeding and burning. Hurts to go to the bathroom. What should i do? me n my partner have hpv if we keep havein sex with eachother will it divelop faster to a higher stage? I tested + for HSV1 after receiving oral sex. My bf said he never had cold sores (neither have I), so how'd this happen? Is a vaginal yeast infection bacterial or viral? Is there a blood test that can be performed for a doctor to determine if your immune system is healthy for vaccinations? does herpes virus cause itchy skin? If you use a deodorant suppositories before your exam could your pap test read hpv. is the herpes virus contages with out any break outs if so how can i prevent spreading it ti my kids doc sied i have ben exposed to the herps mouth virus and it sirculating thrue my blood neverhad abreakout am icontagious If you have the herpes simplex 1 virus in you, is your saliva always infected with it? I had biospy on lymph node in my neck. Dr.mention metastasis and virus and that it was cancer. What does all that mean?  Took penicillin antibiotic about month ago for sinus infect. Found out allergic. Have felt terrible since. Any sugg? Can you use the same medication that you use for hsv breakouts for hpv genital warts breakouts? I've been sick for 6 weeks with what the doctors say is a viral infection but I'm getting worse not better. Normal??? is viral exanthems highly contagious in children? How long are viral upper respiratory infections contagious to others? what is the virus called that causes stomach ulcers? how long after virus enters body until cold symptoms begin vaginal discharge and herpes-is there a vaginal cream available? So my friend has herpes and she spit a sunflower seed at me and it landed on a pimple. Does that mean I have the virus? What are some causes of upper right abdominal burning pain Can massage help relieve nerve pain from shingles? I've been achy all over, weak and out of breath for 6 weeks. I feel feverish but no fever. Is this likely to be a virus? Since being sick with the norovirus, how soon after can you be infected again? Is ther a link between hives and herpes virus? can a virus cause my stool to be green Why are some people not infected by a virus even though it is in their body? Why does a stomach virus usually occur in the middle of the night? Does anal testing, test for hpv contracted from the penis during vaginal sex? If I have herpes and my husband has herpes too, is there any harm in having unprotected sex since we both have it?  is it normal to feel liver pain after gallbladder removal? a week ago tomorrow, slight pain in stomach, diarreah, clay colored, now its soild but still clay colored... concerns? My father and sister both have chicken pox can we isolate them in the same room? After first exposure to genital herpes, how soon is first outbreak? If monogamous couples continue to have sex with HPV - will it still cure itself within 2 years? What to eat and not to eat for viral pharyngitis for kid of 4.5 years age? what are the odds that I gave my ex the virus when he had an outbreak two weeks before me?  I never received any vaccination as a infant or child. Should I get them now that im 25? All of them or some or what? I have been with my girlfriend for 4 yrs. She just found out she hpv strand. I do not have it. What does this mean? is there a blood test for ebola virus I had genital warts (HPV) two years ago. How do I know if I still carry the virus? Would vaccination help? Had a virus 7 days ago that caused elevated blood test results. Feel fine now. Is a beer okay?  Is levoquin for VIRAL bronchitis?  Last yr my pap came bac LGSIL. I've been monogamous for 32 yrs. Does this mean my husband hasn't been. How long dormant? Can I give Aleve to a 16 YO boy with virus and heaadache, He was given a cold medication already. I have condyloma inside the tract of my penis about an inch from the opening. A month ago I had carpal tunnel surgery. Just diagnosed with herpes virus, type 1. My wrist has been incredibly sore and What viruses include these symptoms: headache, body aches, weakness, fever, loss of appetite, stomach pain, and nausea? Can ebola be spread by a mosquito bite? Risk of infection of cold sores can ebola virus be transmitted by sexual intercrouse can bat droppings or rat droppings cause shingles on someone? is ebola a blood virus Is the Flu Virus transferable through breast milk? I got my flu shot. Can I still spread the virus against which I am immunized by sneezing for example? I got my flu shot. Can I still spread the virus against which I am immunized by sneezing for example? 