How often should I see the dentist for my dentures? Do I need to see a doctor before starting a weight loss program? When do you need to see a doctor about warts? Over-the-counter pain medications and sleeping pills are helping with my insomnia. Should I still see a doctor? How long do I need to take Protonix before I see any relief? Do any of the PPIs work any faster? I see that aloe is in my diet pill, I thought that was for wounds. Is it safe and does it work? Does a pharmacist always check to see if the new meds will counteract with what is already being taken? I believe I have a urinary tract infection. I cant afford to see a doctor. Will amoxicillin help (I already have that)? I have moles and freckles, and worry about getting skin cancer. Should I see a doctor? I don't have health insurance. The skin around my tattoo really itches. Am I allergic to the ink? Should I see a doctor? I don't have health insurance. Can a regular doctor inject fillers, or do I need to see a plastic surgeon or dermatologist? What are some warning signs that I should look out for, that mean I should see a dermatologist right away? Should I being seeing my dermatologist annually? How do I know when a burn is serious enough to see a dermatologist? How do I know when a rash is serious enough to see a dermatologist? I am 44 years old but I look 50+. I tried many products but do not see any improvement in my skin. What really works?  What tests I should ask my doctor to do to see if I am nearing menopause? When should I expect to see my doctor after my surgery? If you can see your own eyes, are your sunglasses not dark enough? Should I see a doctor before starting antibiotics for travelers' diarrhea? I am going through some major issues and dont have insurance to see a psychologist. Should I try pastoral counseling? If you see a patient for meds only (with someone else as psychotherapist), how many minutes do you spend with a patient? It costs a lot each time I go see the counselor. My job is slow and my check is small. How can I deal with the stress? Can lowering the dosage for an oral medication for diabetes, such as Glipizide, cause my vision to be extremely blurry? I have three stents. Should I see my doctor about discomfort in my chest? Can sleep affect how well I see and remember things? Do photosensitive antibiotics cause blurred vision when you have been out in the sun?  I brush my teeth, floss, and scrape my tongue twice a day. I dont see any tartar. Can I go for a cleaning in 9 months? Do doctors immediately prescribe medication to control blood sugar, or do they wait to see if diet and exercise help? I am 37 and pregnant with my fourth child. Do I need to see a high-risk obstetrician (OB)? What are some 2-month old milestones I should see in my baby? Are we seeing more outbreaks of whooping cough, and if so, why? I feel completely alone, even when around others. I am seeing a psychiatrist, psychologist and take meds. What can I do? My 14-year-old son is taking an increased dose of Concerta for ADHD and has blurred vision in school. Is this serious? After starting Concerta, how long should it take before we start seeing improvements in my childs behavior? Ive been using an antiaging cream & saw definite improvement. Now my skin feels irritated. Can you overuse a product? What products are good for a woman whos still getting breakouts but is also seeing the beginnings of wrinkles?  I keep falling to the right as I try to keep my balance and have double vision up and down. What is wrong?  I often take Tylenol PM to fall asleep. Is that a problem or should I see my physician?  Is there an OTC medicine for enlarged prostate treatment? My father can't afford anything expensive or to see a doctor. What are warning signs to see a dermatologist right away?  Should I being seeing my dermatologist annually?  Im retired and Medicare barely covers my needs now. What are the Medicare benefits people will see this year? How do I know when a burn is serious enough to see a dermatologist?  I'm coughing up blood. When should I see a doctor? I quit taking Effexor cold turkey and am having bad withdrawal symptoms. Should I continue or go see a doctor? Im recently diagnosed with ADD. My doctor prescribed Straterra but I see its used for ADHD. Is this right for me? Have more than one symptom of preeclampsia doctor wont listen and run test what do i do? I am going on 3 wks late on my period. taken 3 OTC pregnancy tests. could i still be preg or what else could be cause?  why am I having stomach cramps lower pack pain and shortness of breath. tired all the time Are acid reflux and IBS related? What pre and post op activity restrictions needed for 8 yr old girl with inguinal hernia and urachal cyst? how to shop for glasses I have a stomach ulcer currently taking (omeprazole dr 20 mg) can i take percocet for severe tooth aches? Very dark (brown) urine after Depo-Provera shot? I have bumps on my genital region, I am a male. From what I read it doesn't appear to be herpes. No itch, pain/openings hiking-big toes rubbed on end of shoes--nail discolored and purple- I got off of Trinessa recently and have been experiencing an assortment of side effects. how long will they last? Diagnosed with pulmonary embolisms. Felt pressure in my ear. Pop and release of blood from ears. Is this normal? Sour odor between crotch the remains there, even after using canesten and other perscribed anti-fungal drugs, help! What kind of doctor do you see to diagnose silent reflux? I woke up with back pain and left arm pain, pain is mild now but arm still feels weird, should I see the doctor? I woke up with back and shoulder pain that spread to my arm, only my arm feels strange now, should I see a doctor? How can you remove a condom that could possibly be stuck inside your buttocks? I had a normal period about a week after intercourse, then another a month later, than 2 months later spotting. Problem? If I got my wife pregnant right before she tested to see if she was ovulating, would the test show positive? what is a postenion vitacal detachment? I saw an article which said that consuming green smoothie every day may be devastating for your health,is that true? depression 11-mo has had D since Thursday. Thought it was a stomach virus but now stool is black/tarry. Do I need to call the Dr? my body aches all over most of the day- but extreme in the morning hours Right shoulder hurts, arm feels like it's falling asleep, what is this and who should i go see? I see bright spots in my peripheral vision vision and it's disorienting. i sprained my ankle on saturday and now it is monday and i have to walk a great deal tomarow, should i see my doctor? Wet Macular in one eye. Other eye 20/30. Can covering the macular eye help the non-macular eye vision be more clear? What is the record number of Heart Catheterizations?  i see spots in my vision like someone shinned a bright light in my eyes and its blinding spots to.. what does this mean? I burned my wrist with vapor and the area peeled off. It hurts badly, it's swollen and red. Should I see a doctor? Can someone get pregnant if they use a toilet paper that have semen on it to wipe after peeing. Even during a period I have gone9mo this time10mos prviously after stoppingHRTsincehaving period.Have been bleeding 2 wks.Should I see my MD? I have Scoliosis will Chiropractic care cure or at least help relieve the pain from my scoliosis? Head rushes with lightheadedness, tunnel vision and a quivering feeling in left chest for 3-5 seconds. help? What do you think of Pedi Spin for diabetics? If 92 year old gets monthly dementia for a few days to a week,then total exhaustion for a day, then coherent, why? I was due to get my depo shot in mid August but due to insurance issues I couldn't.  what kind of doctor should i see? blurry vision heart palpitations feeling like fainting if i dont sit happen when i eat or when i dont weakness and tired should i be worried if they can't see the baby i'm about sixs week pregnant what if your appendix is hurting for 4 days without seeing a doctor? while treating a major leg infection, my scrotum has swollen/filled up? not painful or hot. what kind of doc do i see? Red spots behind ears correspnding with sore throat how do i stop the feeling of wanting to die? I see someone for ptsd,and dont feel like it helps.i still want to die. Was in shower this morning, slipped and fell and hit the back of my neck on the toilet. Should I see the doctor or not?  Why is my right eyeball twitching? Hehmeroid out of rectum, engorged, painful. Dr. prescribed hydrocortisone acetate and pramoxine. Sitz bath. no relief. Can I pass on a STD from someone else touching my laptop after I masturbate? Have persistant mild-moderate sore throat, been nearly two weeks. OTC aids little relief. Time to see doc? I've a spot in the vision of my R eye for a few of days its like i've been looking at bright lite but isn't going a way Is it necessary to see a doctor if you think you broke a toe? im 29, 295 lbs working out 5 days a week. what calorie intake should i be at to lose weight? What are the treatment options for low estrogen levels in a young woman? How do I talk to my fiance about having herpes? Also how can I be sure not to give it to him once were married? my girfriend is bipolar 2 she is going to see her therapist today i need question to ask him on how i can help her ? Can camphor phenique cream applied to the eye ball damage the eye ball? my 3 week old granddaughter does not eat well or sleep well. However she smiles widely when spoken too. I want to know what I can eat while I have a stomach ulcer. My daughter told me she has some discomfort right before peeing. She said when she wipes she also sees a little blood.. I keep seeing blood red in my eyes.This time,the blood red filled my ees then it turned pitch black halfway up my vision A small red irregular scaly and painful to the touch area has developed over my eyebrow. What is is? Should I see a dr? Took a punch to my lower right chest. No external bruising, but still painful over a week later. For why?! :-( I'm feeling/seeing a fairly sudden swelling/bloat in my stomach and feeling the constant need to urinate, why is this?? My ear hurts and so does my teeth/jaw on the same side, do i go see a doctor first or a dentist? my mother is 81 her blood pressure is ranging from 180 over 56 to 205 over 52 it's been over 10 days  Can shingles affect the cornea of your eye? What can I do to help the burning and itching that comes with a yeast infection? Can you get the Chickenpox yet not be uncomfortable?  How do I make a persistent dry cough go away for good? I've pooped 12 times since I've woken up, all of them diarrhea. What is happening to me? how often do you see your doctor during pregnancy? having dreams about unrinating and actually urinate in my sleep. Scared to fall asleep and have an accident, I am 28. How soon i see if hormon therapy change me from male to female I hit my head on a wooden pole very hard.  Why is my clitoral hood turning dark (almost black) in a strange pattern, VERY sore to the touch, and has NO bump? seeing white spots followed by headache Do I really need to wear a diabetic alert bracelet? Won't people that see it think I'm advertising that I'm diabetic? How long after my kids are exposed to nits or lice will they become infested or see symptoms? I was told i had blood in my urine and to see a doctor. why? i didn't see any blood.. are urinary tract infections contagious How does husband address a lack of intimacy, sex because wife is on anti-depressants? Can the cause of trigeminal neuralgia ,whether vessel or tumor, cause vision problems? How can I help a friend with PTSD? i know i need to go to the dr,but money is tight,i have dark patches on my face help please When I get upset I feel nauseous, I can't beathe and my stomach hurts,I get really depressed. Should I talk to a doctor? 11 year old son gets strange vision where things look small and far away, like looking thru binocs backwards. Does a CBC check for multiple problems in the blood or just one? I see things floating and moving in my eyes. what could this be and how can I get rid of it?  the day of my cycle when i wipedx i noticed briht red blood. the next day it is brownish color. could i be pregnant My Gyno diagnosed me with HSV2 by just a 2 minute observation without a culture or bloodtest. Is this legitimate? Rectal area pain when #2 is low and ready to evacuate. Once evacuated no pain except for minor pain when sitting. what causes dark discolored swollen lips I take Clonazepam 2 mg, still have SEVERE anxiety while driving.Is there some other medication that can help? I suspect AAA might be causing my abdominal pain. Should I see my long time cardiologist or family Dr about my symptoms? Want to switch my therapist I do not like her style Any suggestions My mother is a text book case of AD/HD, but has never been diagnosed. How do I gently get her to see a psychiatrist? Is it normal to not see a heart beat or movement on an ultrasound around the 6-7 week mark? I frequently get horrible headaches out of no where. I stubbed my big toe almost 1 year ago, it is still black and now the big toe on the other foot is starting to get black expecting mother ate undercooked pork! Does taking the green coffee bean pill actually help you lose weight? Can conjunctivitis in your eye happen from a common cold? Should I take the P7C3 Pill for brain growth stimulation? Once skin is broken, how long does it generally take for a Staph infection to occur if not cleaned properly? can someone get pregnant if the condom didn't bust. My Wife has type 2, she is experiencing nasuea and dizzness.She takes Metformin 1000mg twice a day .Sees MD. Whats up? What type of cancer causes low white blood cell count? 29 weeks pregnant and my heart is working so hard today that I can actually feel it beating up in my throat. Normal? Can you take pills for yeast infection while on antidepressants? Is there evidence showing the flu vaccine may help prevent heart attacks and strokes? what does gastroesophageal junction look like? My mother has started insisting that the people on TV are talking directly to her, ever heard of this before? Are there effects of a long term laxative regimen? I have to take them because of nerve damage due to a broken neck. no period in 2 months. 2 negative preg tests. cramps and pains in my pelic area lower abdomin. whats wrong with me? Had a yeast infection, treated it, all symptoms gone except for red discharge? Cat scratched me on lower leg, it is red, swollen and hot.  vision with gold,blue and green suddenly ive been taking adhd stimulants ever since i was little. i am 16 and im scared the adderall with stunt penis growth!Help when I am sitting and I get up to stand I get dizzy and see spots. Why is this? My hair has been falling out for almost a year now. Is there a specific doctor that I need to see for an anal abcess? Do I have dry sockets? Hello my mother 80 yrs old has a couple problems that maybe you could tell me something,about her ear and naval. Swollen node in groin, should i go to the dr? Can kids contract pink eye from dress up costumes that might be available at nature center? 7 year having trouble moving his bowels How do I go about switching doctors and especially in the same practice as each other I'm 16 and I hear and see myself along with other things and voices. What should I do? my blood sugar rises while I'm sleeping. what type of physician do I need to see if I have a growth under the skin of my thumb?  I am bullimic and today I got sick and vomited 5 times today (not purposely) and now i see a tiny bit of blood, bad? Im having lower back pains, and im having pains in my pelvic area and I am leaking urine for no reason. my 6 month old has an ear infection. i have to take for 3rd time on tuesday to the doctor to see if it went away How do you get anti-depressants? Causes of genital warts without sex? I have what looks like a freckle behind one of my eyes. what could it be? if you have lots of fluid in your shoulders and other things going on what kind of doc should I see. what makes ur veins look more visible  skin patch on foreskin small little flap inside my cheek ,can move it up and down with my tongue. White spot on the tip, like a canker sore. My eyes can't really focus on anything I'm looking at. My brain seems foggy.Should I see a family Dr. or Eye Dr?Or wait? I had sudden 15 min extreme blurred vision after being out in the cold for 40 min and fasting 36 h. Likely Ive Diabetes? I have strange throat abrasions and tonsil stones once in a while. Can I stop my pills and try to conceive before I can see my OBGYN 2/5/13? I'm 42 and been on the pill 25 years. Is 6 months the ideal age to spay a female dog? 1 yr ago I sprained my right ankle bad.Over the few couple of wks I have had sudden onsets of swelling and severe pain? I have a feeling of my heart beat in my right mid section should I see a Doctor now What can be causing me to not see the numbers on the scale to drop but the inches ARE dropping? my granddaughter has to have a gluton free diet what can i feed her? I fell on the side of my foot a week ago and I still can't walk on it, should I see a doctor or continue home care? MY CYCLE CAME 4 DAYS EARLY, ITS LIGHT AND THE SAME DAY ITS ACTING LIKE ITS GOING AWAY, AM I PREGNANT do i need to see my doctor about decreased appetite and nausea? What does one do when her partner is asexual? He could care less about intercourse,but is very affectionate otherwise what would blood work show if already on thyroid medicine for 15 years? need a anti itch medication for eczema mom has breast cancer had no treatment yet she is weak/ doesnt eat should we take her to ER or wait for appt in 1 week? Emphysema, heart rate of 97 and fluctating blood preassure. is she in immediate danger? I became sexually aroused without relieving myself and now feel a dull pain in my left testicle, happened when 10 now 17 Does it matter what time of day a person works out to promote the most weight loss? what is spotting? I am about to get my periods,but I see white discharge and discomfort in lower abdomen Should someone with lower back pain see a doctor or a chiropractor?  should i go see a doctor if im pregnant and having lower belly pressure and lower back pain and im nasuea I, recently, noticed that after I pee, when I wipe, there is some blood. But, there isn't any blood in my underwear. Is there a test doctors can do to see if someone has the flu going around now? I found 2 blister like bumps on my hand I had brightly colored lights in a >shape going across my right eye for about 5 minutes. Do I need to worry? Could Migraines indicate something more serious? I am seeing wavy motion in my peripheral vision. What could be causing this? I had two molars pulled 2 days ago Now I'm bleeding from a part of the wound it wont stop What can I do to stop it? I have a physical reaction to stressful situations, but lately that same reaction has been occuring for no reason. Why? Pain on urination, blood on toilet tissue, itchy - not uti, chlamydia, gonorrhea, yeast infection, and ultrasound good ? Boyfriend has ex-girlfriend that insists is like a sister. Talks to and sees her more than me. No sex. Emotional affair? migraine chronic I am asking for direction to expert help as clinic/specilist that I can contact past the neurologist  pregnancy? or just going crazy? I have had a strange itch on my clitoris for a few weeks now. What may be causing this? Hello! My little boy(5y), has a very itching skin, in the night.Its skin is very dry, rough, and chicken-like. I get sinusitis a lot. I get treated but then my sisnsitis comes back pretty fast sometimes. should i see a specialist? Over the past year, a "dent" has appeared on the left side of my penis, most notable during erection.  I took Next Choice One Dose, and have experienced quick bursts of heavy bleeding. Is this normal? should i quit taking ambilify cold turkey. What can cause spotted blurred vision that sometimes brings on a headache in someone with no Hypertension? Recently, I have chills, extreme skin sensitivity in my torso, and intense headache. blurry vision and headache? could my eyes seeing silver have anything to do with burning toes? they seem to come at same time I've changed to a plant based diet to try to lower my cholesterol.  what do i do if my eye keep hurting me after i accidentally placed some nail fungus medication? What would happen if a patient quit taking their thyroid medication? have bronchitis for 3 weeks. Still have throat pain, constant nasal drip and some neck pain. What should I do? how long does it take to see a change in weight after taking 300mg/day of raspberry ketones Strong smells like candles, perfume and lotions, Can they give people headaces?  After exercising for over 1 year I now see dark spots and feel light headed when exercising. Do I keep up or not? When should I see a Throat specialist when the tonsil stones wont go away and the penisillin doesnt work? How often should women change their bras throughout the week? How does one wean off blood pressure med. My doctor will not refill my prescription I have 3 rib fractures from a skating fall and now terrible headaches and dizziness with nasea, do I need to see a dr.? What type of specialist should I find to help with my fibromyalgia? I see the water hitting me in the shower, but I can not feel it hitting me? my GF get really scared when we talk about marriage or decide to make step forward,she had a bad exp before what to do Is it possible to see a yoke and tiny fetus connected to the side of it in a sonogram 10 days after sexual intercourse? I am 54 (female) and have not excercised in years. Is it too late to start and also see results? How can I stop my nose from running when at work due to a bad work environment from a poor/dirty ventilation system?  Is rubber band litigation used in external hemorrhoids? what can I do about a blood vessel trobbing in my cheek? fell and got a cut right over my eye, my eye has blood in it what should I do my heart races faster than i can count. I get very dizzy cant see. My chest hurts and burns. this last for 5- 10 min  what type of specialist should see to treat an Inguina Hernia? I'm 47 and my left nipple is very painful, I don't have the female parts so not pregn. green discharge? What's going on? I had water in my ear. I put a q-tip in to absorb it. Not far in but it had a tiny bit of red blood on it when removed.  Had a mole on scalp removed 5 yrs ago. Sometimes have pain, bruised feeling in area. Should I be worried? I saw eye dr regarding another problem and he said I have asymptomatic macular degeneration. Should I get 2nd opinion?  How can I know which type of doctors and at what frequency by age/gender we need to see them for basic screenings? Can a menstrual period be a orange color? I have a burning sensation in my face, neck, and ears that comes and goes. What could be causing this? I found a lump under the skin near my clitoris, slightly larger than a jelly bean. What could it possibly be? Knee still has sharp pain when I kneel down on it after a fall 2 weeks ago.Should I see a doctor or wait a bit longer? Mild numbness in my lower right leg only. No health problems, woke up three days ago with it. No tingling. Are there any physical ailments that you see that are common in people with Bipolar Disorder? I keep getting headrushes (like im about to faint) even when sitting and laying down. Should I go to the ER? What do I do if the ER does not see my Daughter when she is having an asthma attack? I have a fluid bulb on the outside of my right eye. The eye hurts and my vision is blurry Hey, should I see our athletic trainer? I am 23 weeks pregnant and I just recently aquired this migrane that has not gone away for over 24 hours is it normal? Had a sudden severe headache, numbness, nausea, blurred vision, seeing stars, rash and numbness hasnt left. What is it? I am a 29 year old male, and yesterday i checked my BP and it was 160/89. Today its 150/74. Should i go see a doctor???? What treatments and type of doctor should my child see to correct his feet from turning in? How swollen does your testicle have to get before it is serious? brown raised spot on scalp My hands tingle, and lately they have been falling asleep while I sleep? For a cervical bulging disk, is ice or heat better relieve. My 3 year old daughter has bleeding from her ears for 3 days what caused this? Saw a doc. in Italy stills bleeding. My 14 yr old has a large lump behind her right ear. Painful. I believe it is a lymph node. What are possibilities? Bumps IN my vagina? I have a "dead pool of water" in my bladder, I need to know what to do about it. I've had a cold for a week, the cough seems worse than when the cold first started, I'm also coughing up some blood . Instant relief/ solution to chest pain and acute heartburn? Doubled over in pain- what really works? Need help asap I injured my wrist yesterday and while it is in a splint, my wrist still hurts and I have a shooting pain up my arm.  PLEASE! I'M IN PAIN! Does anyone know back/spine things? My lower back is killing me!(I'm still a teen too)(I'm begging) BACK PAIN WORSE AT NIGHT. Why is this bad? severe corneal abrasion a week ago now have dry eye bad eye lid pulled eye when opening it. Vision is still blurry Can a partical hysterectomy be reversed? Has anyone every attempted such a proceedure? How much would it cost Its been 5 weeks and 4 days since my last period? Is it too soon to test to see if I'm pregnant? Are there conditions that make you feel like you passed out even if you didn't? Scratched my ear opening with a fingernail a few days ago, now it's really painful. Infection? I have an mri of my head. Need another opinion. What is the best type of doctor to pursue to read and diagnose my mri? I am a man attracted to male masculinity but want to have sex with women.I also get turned on by myself in gym at times! Do I have Gynecomastia or just puffy nipples?  Is there an online doctor that would look at my birthmark on my leg to see if i can get it removed? What kind of skin condition/infection is this? My daughter has mono, when do I need to see a doctor for the spleen area pain? I dont know what to do in this situation of my girlfriend flirting with a customer at her bar. What do i do? Getting MMR before 6 months to travel abroad Large red bump leaking puss on the back of the head. I've noticed an increase in clear or milky fluid in my underwater the week after my period. What is this? I just noticed a red ball of tissue on my dog's eye ball. It doesn't touch the eye lid or tear duct.  my daughter used a bikini razor to trim her private area, just shortened it and now it hurts really bad, what can she do I had a laceration dermabonded at hospital. Dermabond came off and the cut is open. Can it be reglued to prevent scar? My son is seven years old. A month and a half ago he started blinking excessively. Over time it has just worsened. Should I see a specialist about an ongoing UTI? My back hurts when I breath, very tired and 2 doses antibiotics failed. Small Hallucinations and Hearing sounds (footsteps, door opening, sometimes I hear my name, sometimes just random words) why does our eye color change when we are dying Experiencing puss, swollen eyelids,eyeballs, and face.My eyes turned bloody and now im losing my vision and seeing spots 8 mts ago I dislocated and broke a finger at the knuckle. It's still painful sometimes, feels like it's a big bruise I have a bump on my nose that has been there since Sep. I saw the dermatologist and he scraped it. Now it is bigger. i have and enlarged spleen and the pain is worse then ever should i go to hospital? Can an infected ingrown toenail cause diarrhea? I've had it off and on for 2 days. I feel fine after using the restroom when i cough i feel like im going to pass out should i see a doctor? I have an itchy, tingly, crawling sensation on my back at my right shoulder blade for months what is it? Can i be pregnant by fingering on last day of my period and he had pre ejaculatory fluid on his finger? bleeding a week before expected period Arthritis on its own, or arthritis as a result of an inflammatory bowel disease? Neck pain, left arm pain, hot flashes that make me sick to my stomach what's wrong with me I'm scared. I scratched my eye (no pain, but blurry vision). Accidently drank mosquito larvae in a bottle of water and now I have diarrhea. Should I get this checked out or am i ok? WHAT IS MALTODEXTRIN? I SEE THAT IT IS THE KEY INGREDIENT IN SENSA AND WONDER IF IT IS HARMFUL IN ANY WAY? THANKS. Is it safe to take slow release iron tablets when not anaemic? 71 yrs. Fall asleep watching TV. Woke up several times seeing everything red or yellow or green. Not everytime. during last pap dr wasnt able to see much cervix d/t position. now need an endometrial biopsy. how will it be done Why would you use WebMD for health advice/information INSTEAD of going to see a doctor? My son was bitten by a spider and now it is red and swollen but doesn't hurt him. What should I do? I went to a "foam party" and did a lot of dancing. My buttocks is covered in tiny red scabs or scales-- what is this? I've been spitting up blood and mucus in the morning for the past week. I've also been congested. Should I see doctor? I've been spitting up blood and mucus in the morning for the past week. I've also been congested. Should I see doctor? Thyroid failure, looking for answers about how to boost...something on a daily basis with my meds. What can I do? How can you tell if you're pregnant with twins? I'm a 50 year old woman who has recently developed a strong vaginal odor and am spotting after sex. Need to see doctor? I have started menopause, and have constant itching of the outer vagina area.Neg. on STD's. Pap smear ok. Is any exercise safe while taking Cipro? How long after 30 days of treatment should I wait before working with weights? what kind of doctor should you see if you think your bipolar ? I had a cortisone injection in my shoulder 7 days ago. How long before I know if it works.  10 yr. old son--blood-shot eye (right eye on outside) for almost 3 weeks. No other issues. Is it time to see the doctor? My left breast muscle never "shifted" into place. My right breast is fuller because it did. How do I correct? How long is the "typical" recovery after a pelvic laparoscopy? Why do I have a delay of menstrual cycle What kind of doctor should I see? Symptoms: I have moderate to severe joint pain in my knees, wrists and ankles. something that bit me. it's in a circle my upper layer of skin is off some redness in the centre of the circle. what is the purpose of your eyes My 14 y/o daughter has rapid heart rate of 130-140, feels shaky and lightheaded. Should I take her to see a Dr? I'm a Male, 21. Every morning I wake up to vomit, and after every meal I have the urge to vomit. What could it be? I skipped birth control for a day...will higher dosages of bc stop my period? No pregnancy symptoms. Should I be worried? My friend has a three year old boy, you can visually see knots in his stomach. Ideas , thoughts, or reccomendations? My dog eats and eliminates grass. Should I be concerned? How do I pull back my tight foreskin? My 2yr old has a fever of 102.6 no other symptoms.in-laws say to wrap her up so she can sweat it out is this safe?? what does purpura look like Why do I sometimes feel as if I'm not alive? I lose my grip on reality. No feel of surroundings but I can see them. Can you have hyperglycemia without being a diabetic? I am only 19 and this morning I saw blood in my stool. What could be the cause? I don't have anal sex, I feel no pain. how long after the start of treatment for pink eye am i able to get into the community pool or beach? Which doctor should I go to for boils My hand, arm and gland under my arm are swollen after fire ant bites. Should I see a doctor or treat at home? should you exercise or golf with sixth cranial nerve palsy having been just discussed in the emergency room yesterday?  How can I supress sexual desire? Pain all over my body, and it's just getting worse... what is wrong? cannot tolerate blood pressure medicine I want to get a second opinion for a vision perscription. Do I return to the same office or go to a different office? Is it bad to have a lot of pregnancy ultrasounds? 88-year old woman;congestive heart failure, low kidney function. no known allergies.eyes are so swollen can't see out? My 3 yr old daughter has a small flap of skin on her anus what is wrong with me, red bumpy tonuge, spots in throat, bumps on scalp, and other things.... what kind of doctor do I need to see if my clavicle did not heal properly? Stinging under nipple? What kind of doctor do I visit? prostate cancer, if you tested positive for cancer via biopsy, gleason score of 6, shouldnt you see an oncologist? What kind of doctor should I see for muscle strain/tendonitis? I have had pain for several months. another question Vasectomy incision opened 2 days after operation What is lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy? How long before we should start seeing signs of zithromax working? Its been 3 days and still running 103.2 fevers big red boils on the areola of breasts errupted on its own leaving open wound. can literally see flesh not healing Lately i am so easily upset and aggravated. The smallest things make me angry or sad. I'm not pregnant, i have checked. I'm a 20 years old male. When I do(Defecation), as I get it out I see four drops comes out of my penis looks like semen. A friend contracted ringworm and I touched his skin but not the infected area. What are the chances of contracting it? pain in the left eye socket and left side of face indluding ear. You can see the left eye is becoming blood red  I have a little black dot/spot on palm of hand that goes and comes back again but in diffrent place what is it ? can i be pregnant? Should I see a doctor if I'm 51 and have missed a period? Should I start taking blood pressure medicine? metal splinter in eye. must i go to er now or can i wait until morning to see my doctor to be removed After throwing up repeadidly the whites of my eyes are bloddy and yellow. I am 27, have reoccuring UTIs and multiple renal cysts. Should I see a nephrologist? What do MRI's for multiple sclerosis show and at what point do they stop the infusions once every 4weeks due to results do i need eye glasses what kind of specialist should i see for scratches on the eye due to pink eye Baby asprin My vagina doesn't lubricate itself and I can't orgasm. Should I see an obgyn? How do I fix myself? medication? Surgery? What causes white splotches on the throat? I've had my tonsils removed, and I don't see any redness in my throat Bug bite causing pain on my thigh, what can I do? My entire jaw aches, and my teeth don't hurt, but are bothering me. What is causing this? I am a 37 year old female. High white blood cell count, fever, chills, blurred vision. Doctors cannot find anything wrong with me . High white blood cell count, fever, chills, blurred vision. Doctors cannot find anything wrong with me . i fell off a chair hanging curtains hit my left side below my ribs theres a popping sensation when i move hurts bad  Large lump on the base of the right testicle which comes and goes I am a 55 year old woman, not menopausal, not overly stressed. I am biploar. What is causing increased forgetfullnes why does my vision go black and my head pound if i stand up fast? Due to scar tissue buildup, skin on penis shaft is tearing during sex. Should I see urologist or dermotologist? Broken foot healed improperly (twice.) Should I see a doctor?  I hurt my foot a week ago (bumped top of foot on a sofa), it's still swollen and hurts. Do I need to see a doctor? Is there a blood test to see if you have shingles Vision is worsening. What is better to operate first, cataracts or Pterygiums?  what do it mean when your blood pressure is 167 over 107 and pulse is 88  Do women get erections just like a man's? My brother passed away from cancer last week and I'm having trouble getting back to my normal routine. Chiropractor trying to take me for a ride? how to lose weight with beauty equipment I believe I have a fish bone stuck in my throat, do I need to see my doctor and can I wait until office opens tomorrow? 3 month old infant has dry crusty mucus around his eyes when he wakes in the morning. Should he see a doctor? the doctors did a rapid test to see if I had an UTI and it came back positivebut the culture came back negitive scab like skin by head of penis pelvic prolapse, is intercourse possible? can i get a second opinion if my doctor doesn't what to see me for my seizures? He only seen me once since the hospital. I am 26 years old. I see my period once in two months. Is this normal? My period use to be every month before. my left ear is stopped up and my right ear is making popping like fluttering sounds what can it be? my left ear is stopped up and i have a popping like fluttering sound in my right ear? I experience pain in my scrotum when seeing people walking/standing on hard surfaces like wood floors, concrete or sand. What to do if haven't had my period for 3 months and i am not pregnant? My son has a red and hard bump on his lower stomach, What could it be? what does it mean when i wake up lethargic and have loss of weight? Can a hematoma to the base of the penis result in temporary erectile dysfunction? Cleaning ear with qtip and now I am bleeding tampon stuck inside, not able to remove;wqit til tomorrow to see doctor, or seek immediate medial attention? ho you treat otitis media with effusion and vertigo? how is shingles contagious Two arrhythmias? Why does my vision go black for about 30-45 minutes? Sometimes then followed by a headache. how to take combined saw palmetto and beta-sitosterol? Foreskin won't retract Can household dust cause chronic illness? should i see a doctor for xrays? Whats wrong when you dont see period for two months Whats wrong when you dont see period for two months blurred vision and headache and blood pressure is 85/62 pulse 111 should my husband get a rabies shot if i were bitten by a stray cat? how to taper off citalopram Got a rash 5 days ago. Appears as small red/pink bumps and seems to spread more when scratched. All over body. what to do if bowel obstruction causes vomiting does a cat with worms spread them through the house and are my kids and i at risk to getting them? is there a test to see if I have bed bugs if I dont see them Should a physician refuse to renew a prescription unless you are seen for a doctors appointment? why is my pacemaker bulging out so much? you could not see my last one. insect bite with swelling and bruising I had a breast cyst aspirated about 8 months ago. It is back and both breasts are very sore.  Can an ultrasound not "see" something? I have a pea-sized spermatocele that wasn't found on an ultrasound. What doctor to see for chronic cough What test do they run to see if you have this? Will castor oil help your eyebrows to grow? Appendicitis, when to go to the doctor? What type of doctor should I see to get a diagnosis for a lump under the tongue? What is a hollow pore on my frenulum? If I stretch my foreskin I can see the center of it looks like a needle poked it Sharp shooting pains on and off all day in the right lower abdomen. Should i see emergency help? What type of Dr. should I see if I am having hip problems? My hubs bit his cheek 4 hours ago. It is still bleeding, and his stomach is upset from the blood.Should we see someone? my wife can't get rid of hives red bumps on penis glan..non itchy , no pus.. How do you cure Pearly penile papules My child had blood in his stool. Should I wait to see if the next one is normal or take him to see the Dr?  how to prevent postnasal drip that drains into stomach and makes me vomit every morning. The infection in my big toe is turning black. What does that mean? who do i see for an annual eye exam, optamologist ot optomatrist? I had oral sex on Saturday night. The next night i saw a little pimple looking thing on my lip. Is it herpes? Or any std I'm 56 years old, 235 total cholesterol and a heartscan score of 153. Statin Rx by PCP. Should I see cardiologist?  if you had breast cancer when you where13 can you get it again What are my risk of having testicular cancer? What does Doctors do to check and see if your Tonsils are swollen ?  What is NSF? I hit my foot 5 days ago and it still hurts...Should I see a doctor even though I can still walk? I hit my foot 5 days ago and it still hurts...Should I see a doctor even though I can still walk? well i got nail polish remover in my eye it burned slightly for a few seconds and will it effect my vision ? When on BP meds and BP continues to run high (150/100), along with headache, when should medical attention be sought? How does E coli get in my urine? I had a miscarriage last night. Definitely passed more than just large clots. But preg test was neg. Is that possible? what dr should I see for nerve damage in the foot? 13 days ago had unprotected sex. 3 days later saw scab on Penis. fell off now its just red but healing. Std or a scab?  When can you return to running/jogging after a bartholin cyst is removed? can i get chlamydia from the following things in my dorm room? Can I ask my teen to see if she has been cutting ? have acute sinusitis/have a severe headache,stiff neck and blurred vision passed out. should i go to emergency room What kind of dr. Can I see for herpes in my eye dermatologist. Infectious disease.gynecologist.  I seem to have small bumps and a tear on my vgina. It has become exceedingly itchy. I'm thirteen weeks pregnant and seeing blood in my urine I have no pain or burning sensation what could be  What can cause recurrent midcyclic offensive vaginal odor in a virgin, with no associated discharge or itching ? I'm on the 3rd pack Sprintec birth control and take it every morning at the same time. Can preejaculate get me pregnant? What kind of specialist do you see if your have bowel problems and suspect some for of IBS In the last few days what my doctor thinks is a hydrocele has developed in my scrotum. Will it go away over a few days? Pretty sure I have a kidney stone. Do I really need to see a doctor or can I just wait until I pass it? I've had a hard white lump on my clitoris for a few years but it suddenly became swollen and painful,what could this be? I have been unable to use a tampon since I got my period at age 13. What should I do? When my penis is ereceted,i can feel a small hard point, no pain no itch.Only when erected.Any idea of what might it be? small pea-like bump on inside of libia minora, what can this be?  I spilled Ramen Noodles down my lower leg and foot, should i see a doctor? What causes patches of tiny purpley/red spider veins on your breasts?  mom has demensha I just saw something about grainbriain diet is it worth changing her diet now she is 83 Exercise and Diet for 7 months and no weight changes.. up or down Me and my husband are very sexually active no birth control used, period is 5 days late. Could I be pregnant?  I have my period every 22days and I haven't had period but having light brownish or light red discharge when I wipe what is leaparcy and the cause? Can I get sick from sitting directly in a draft in frigid temperatures all day?  Can cataracts return? Best treatment for Golfer's Elbow? Can I see pus coming out of my penis if I have a uti? What could the clump of dead skin in my stool mean? If your diagnosed as having a stroke in a clinic, should they send you home and tell you to see your doctor th next day? bug bites but never see a bug. not bedbugs. cause swelling, itching, redness, heat to bite, and hardness to area? My mother, 57 yrs, is having difficulty making decisions, having meaningful conversation staying on topic  . Do I need to worry or see a doctor? 66, female, active, no extr weight, down a pk to 3 cigs day,no drink or med-prob  feels like there's something in my eye but there isn't and it makes my nose run but stuff at the same time Depot is there a cost to see doctor after deductable is met?  keep seeing diffrent things in my prephreal vision Handling papers belonging to an HIV infected person WHILE you have an open cut Losing voice and ear hurt after flu? Hard bump on nipple. Vaginal discharge and swollen vAgina after rough sex how do I make my questions public for someone to answer them? Get boners easy... Can I decrease visual arrousal? Anyone knows that sheep placenta pill supplements really work? how can i get treatment for scabies with no insurance or money I just noticed blood in my stool, but have been taking high doses of ibuprofen the last few days. Is that the cause? Can herbal eye drops lighten the color of your eyes? If not, then what will besides contacts? How long do ear tubes stay in? Should I see a doctor regarding my abdominal pain? Venous Insufficiency Will replacing full sugar soda with diet soda help one lose weight? is there a connection with Type 1 diabetes and chills? Should I see a doctor for UTI? It's been almost 15 days. I feel better but not perfectly okay. Have a pimple it hurts when should I worry to go see a doctor? Im 21 for the past 2 years I haven't had my cycle. Every now and then i show signs of spotting , but no actual blood.. Why does my cat smell my breath? If I havent purchased health insurance yet , does that mean noone will see my sick child. What type of injuries to the shoulder will an X-ray show?  Thinking of using accutane for my dark spots and underskin small pimples. what do you think? It's winter in MI. I had three bites that resemble mosquito bites last month. Raynaud's Phenomenon Lately, I have been suffering from blurred vision after spending long hours at my computer. What causes this? Should I see my family practictioner or my dentist to have a small salivary stone removed? Am I Pregnant ? Is it normal for me to have a brown, vaginal discharge for over a week and before my period? Am I Pregnant ? What kind of doctor do I see to check for MS? I have a bump underneath the tip of my tongue. What is it? what to do when toenail comes off What is eczema of the eyeball? Can a sinus infection cause pain in the back of the skull Can a home pregnancy test be positive before you miss a period?  My GP had me do a blood test, and 9 months later at my next app, I asked what were the results, he told i was diabetic!! Acne and horizontal lines on back...related? what do I have plz help I need to know if I'm schizophrenic Amount of Flaxseed for a 16yr/103lb teen? Do I need to see a fertility doctor? Sex on the last day of your menstrual day Caring for dry penis skin.... is organic coconut oil a safe personal lubricant? what are the alternitive treatments if spinal injections do not help with a herniated disc I have an itch in my vagina with no discharge, burning, or smell. It does not match any symptoms I see listed.  Need help Besides medication, are there better ways to help with hypothyroidism? My 12 y/o daughter has pain in her left arm. What kind of a doctor should we see? Orthopaedist or otherwise?! Why do I black out when I shower? Why does my weight change after a short workout? Is the number before or after accurate? how can i see if someone answerd my question' MY VOCALCORDS HURT WEHN I SING IN MY HIGHER RANGE IT HAS BEEN 3 WEEKS, WHAT CAN I DO OR DO I NEED TO SEE A DOCTOR what kind of doctor does one see for hemorroids? what type of food r vitamins can build up the platlets count, How long should someone see the same therapist? what exactly is leukopenia? I have been diagnosed with pvd of the eye. Should I see a retinologist? pimple-like bump on side of penis shaft I have glasses for distance and now all of a sudden I can see distance but things close are blurry. Should I be worried Could you provide a few links to the major studies showing excessive saturated fat is unhealthy?  I am hiv+, currently on meds. my clinic has closed I need to get insurance to see a dr , continue my meds. any advice? How early can I test to see if I am pregnant, before missed period? I have a new gigantic fold on one side of my gentitals. It was not there yesterday. Is this normal? how to daily chart salt intake What could cause blurred vision and sensitivity to light in one eye right after having a bowel movement? I've had vertigo now for 6 days. When do I know to see a doctor? Since I know there is no cure for it. what to do about back pain? I need a recommendation on the type of doctor to see. My primary care phycisian is not very good. When you have almost constant hoarseness and sore throat and some trouble swallowing what doctor should I go see? I was smelling a 100% polyester backpack to see if it needed to be washed.I got a headache, Can this cause brain damage? What specialist do I go to for chronic leg cramps? How can yogurt be good for Diabetic? When there is so much surger in them? is a heart rate of 35 bad with a streached heart I went from 135# to 115# in 2 mo., since my husbands death. Can this sudden weight loss and/or stress affect my vision? When to see a doctor? Strep two weeks ago treated again. Now severe pain in left abdomen? Mono? Im 5,3 130 pounds girl 20 trying to get to 110 I am curious.I spotted for a few hours on 1/9.again on 2/5 and then today all accompanied by mild cramps.what can it be? I scraped/cut my esophagus. Anything I should watch for? Any at home care advice? How long should it take to heal? Should I see the doctor for my heart? I have to eat or see the doc, that's why I am here. Is Workers Compensation weekly checks considered 2014 income? my penis never fully straightens when its hard. It just stays in a banana shape pointing down. Or you could say it arcs. Should in grown hair's have red bump with white discharge with blood following it? What does it mean when eyes burn, feel like I have to close them all the time and I don't feel rested without 10+ sleep? PLEASE HELP!!! Is this possible?? What kind of doctor do i need to see to get female hormone pills if your a man? Seeing tracers, floaters, and having dizzy spells, headaches My husband slipped on the ice about 6 days ago and hit his side. He is having alot of pain in that area.  Is there a daily anxiety med similar to ativan? I do well with ativan as needed but have needed it more regularly lately Can your wisdom teeth cause your ears to hurt I pulled the left side of my neck while working out.My peripheral vision in my right eye has been effected. This normal? If my child eats breakfest, he throws up. Any other meal of the day he is absolutely fine. He doesnt have any symptoms. The doctor said i had calcium in my lungs and did not provide any tests or anything,why? Knuckle is swollen and red and there is a lot of pain and stiffness. I do not seem to have a bite. Going on for 4 days. I bought underwear on a website, and want to know what is the best way to get rid of all potential germs and diseases! I havent gotten my period in 2 months ! If I dont get it for a third month should i go see my doctor? my 7 yr old son has a sore throat. red in the back and he screams when I touch side of neck. strep? Daughter has had recurring severe stomach pain, no fever (max 99.6). Should we see specialist? how can i find out long term health issues when a person has had been exposed to diesel fuel thru the skin repeatedly Is there assistance for co-pays, docotr bills or gas travel? I need Help!!! Groin and Hip Discomfort, left testicles is bothering me. Please help!! I'm vegetarian. I get a lot of headaches and I am tired all the time, especially when menstruating. Is this anaemia? what kind of doctor should I see for RLS? can takeing antibiotics for 3 months straight for eye infection cause thyroid issues like blurred vision Is there an std that can cause erectile distinction bleed a week ago, now bleeding but only see it when wiping can i be pregnant Is there a way to see if I have a torn ligament in my foot without having surgery? I have had a swollen lip for four days now. Can my depression affect my 4 year old greatgranddaughter? The journey from Gatwick to Heathrow ? my husband 31years old (230lbs) , who under penalty of death will not see a doctor has had blackout/ fainting spells  My son sees gray in his right eye, peripheral vision. Happened twice since new year. Lasts 2-3 minutes. He's 17 yrs old What doctor should I see or what do you thinks wrong? Small sand like grains in urine Where is a good place to find out information about bariatric reversal surgery? for moving bowel problems, what test can be done to get a diagnosis can a doctor tell if i`ve had an abortion or been pregnant before.  Is Obamacare WebMD's new mission/priority? normal luteinizing hormone in women hepatitis in a 7 year old girl How to cure pimples ans small sores and a few dark red violet lins in my thighs close to genitals I answered a WebMD question and don't see my answer. Any ideas why? How safe is a nuclear stress test with passed weak kidney function, but normal now I was 2 months late for my period, I finally started the other day but now ive been on it for 11 days cushing syndrome prozac Suffering syncope w/ collapse. Drastically worse the past 4 months,abt.once a week. No answers from dr. Any suggestions? I have kidney stones? Does a pt in the hospital need to see a Gastroenterologist for Diverticulosis surgery. Is there any safe way to increase my height in few inches (2-3) before the growth plates closed?  can an adult do anything to improve amblyopia? I am 163 inches tall (5'3") and weigh 139.5 lbs (63kgs), no reduction in my weight Weight loss tips for obese adult Is it normal to bleed at 4 weeks pregnant what if test is negitive but still no period Should I be concerned with the following: EOSINOPHILS,ABSOLUTE at 10 L with a reference range of 15-500 CELLS/MCL?  Can you have a herpes outbreak and yest inction at the same time? I have histrionic personality disorder? HELP!!?!?!? my doctor saw some fluid behind my uterus during my endometrial biospy? What does that mean? I have a rash on both of my upper arms diarrhea for 4 wks. watery and then black stools. now a redish color but not like blood and mucus. is this serious Lupus causes me extreme fatigue. I get weak, shakey and my chest just starts to pound. I can't think straight.  Why is my eye red but seems non infectuous? why would a doctor ask a male patient if his sisters and mother were tested for the gene that causes breast cancer? Why do I bruise so easily? What can I do about it? 18 year old boy thin side armpit sweating excessively even though uses antiperpiant. Should he see a MD I had concussion, saw Dr. It's been a few weeks. I can't stop falling heavy asleep during day, nauseous often, forgetful If a person stop taking risperidal on their own after being diagnoised as being paranoid and delusional what happens Ecotrin vs Fluoxetine I want to be a doctor how do i get over my fear of blood and having to see internal organs/fluids? Hi. I think I have accomodative esotropia. I have had it since childhood. I am 25. Can it be cured? I have a draining cyst, since it began to drain other cysts have appeared deep under the skin. l. Should I see a doctor? What causes the eye to jump (throbbing)? My son has very low T, doc. said his blood pressure is high and would like us to see a liver specialist, why? How to reduce the pain from vaginal irritation? I went to the doctors, and she gave me some cream, but it still hurts? I have diarrhea for 5 days now, multiple times like over 15 times a day what should I do, Now its obvisouisly burning Does an epsom salt bath pull out radiatioin? What does it mean when your period blood is brown and not red I have pain in my right thigh and pain on the right side of my groin. should i see a doctor? worm in eyeball anger issues making me hit myself in the head and chest, how can i stop doing this? ended up getting mri to check 1What is the standard signs that boys end puberty2.Are there any relationship between height growth and body hair growth my dog has a grey-green discharge from his eye,especially after waking up from sleep.should i be worried? my 11 year oldchild has an earache what can i do without having to see a doctor first small bump in skin fold? How long to be trying to get pregnant before consider seeing a fertility doctor  Tiny colourless spots all over my forehead. Please see profile picture Sudden tea color in my pee Why is my period not stopping? I found blood in my stool 2 days in a row and then it cleared up and have not seen it for a week, should I see a Doctor How long does it take to see the effects of a testosterone shot? EAR INFECTION? should i take a pregnancy test?  I am not on any birth control, but I've been bleeding for over 16 days. I have blood in the eye along with a bruise and slight swelling. I woke up two days ago with this. I get a sharp pain in my right side just below my rib cage any time i take a deep breath or rotate my torso. what is it? my son blew his nose and heard a loud pop, lost his vision for a minute and got dizzy, now has ear pain what could it be Blurred vision in one eye first thing in morning, which usually clears after about an hour My 8 yr old son is having a weird feeling on his jaw. Don't see anything on it is my cat sad? Medication for prostate infection i am man is it possible for me to treat my body like its going through pregnancy i want to find out how that feels like? My son was almost fainted when blood was drawn from him for tests.  chalazion doctor Can you take Benadryl for allergic reaction to Sudafed? how soon after conception can I take a pregnancy test Can someone help me understand why I feel this way? I am having declining vision and a sugnifacant decrease in memory? What can cause either of these or are they related? How seriously shoud I take a peck to the eye? Why do I chew on plastic? How long can you go after surgery without a bowel movement before you should see a doctor? what type of doctor should i see for tailbone pain? Pregnant please help Transparent sticky penile discharge while talking with girlfriend over phn or when dating with her.Whats wrong with me? Am on atorvastatin 20 mg. Am having some side effects. Can I safely split the pill and try 10 mg. to see if that helps? should you take a decongestant for a dry cough? What kind of doctor to consult about a 13yrs.old missed her menstrution? If I was fertile from may 4th till the 10th and had sex with someone may 2nd and 5th, who's most likely the father? Is it possible to contract rabies by touching something a dog bit? could I be pregnant after losing both fallopian tubes? Hallucenations while sleeping and sleep walking at 21 years old? Givin imodium 4 getting diarrhea for a month(from clindamycin)? Worried is might be c-diff. Should i get 2nd opinion? Will a hot compress help elevate pinched nerve neck pain? Why do I see black spots and get dizzy when I go from lying down to sitting up or fro lying/sitting down to standing up? What heck has happened to us in which we need both the life coaching and self help industries in order to get through... Is it okay to start and stop Birth Control pills periodically? Dad 89 having double vision I have wavy lines, that have a few tiny red spots and don't itch or hurt, under head of my penis. What should I do? can i see a walk in clinic at a hospital What's wrong with my penis? Can I go on disability if I have been diagnosed with major depression, fibromyalgia, Thalassemia, IBS, Chronic Fatigue?  Had sex 1x each day for week. Got period day after this week. Could I be pregnant? I've been seeing blood clots in my urine and cramping and I'm not on my menstrual cycle could I be having a miscarriage? How do you care for a severe laceration on an index finger without hospital care? will a psychiatrist see me if i'm not taking any anti-depressant drugs? Why do I see myself as being a larger size than I actually am? I have a pain, seems to be coming from the back of my knee, when i bend it from straight position, kneel on it or squat. Bumps on my forefingers I have white film, red tip tongue which is burning and very sore whole mouth hurts into throat do I need to see dr? what type of arthritis affects the skin ear infection i have a blurred vision in left eye when seeing the distant objects but can see clearly the nearer objects what type of doctor to see for neck I keep having temporary blindness that results in my field of vision being covered up with "static" like a tv screen. What medications can I talk to my pain management doctor about to help with my sciatica and constant migraines? Friend dying of esophageal cancer. She had all the classic signs. Anyway should the Numerous Drs she saw have caught it My eye started bother me today like if I have somehting in my eye but I dont see anything, the eye drops didnt work. I cant gain weight, I eat a ton of food and dont gain a pound. WHY! i saw my last periods on 24th june. had sex the20th july. now my periods 6 days late. am i pragnant. When to see doctor pregnant Could Lyrica affect me with the Lisinopril. By blood pressure was very low when I saw my PCP on Friday i have this red spot on the head of my penis for 2months now, no pain not itching, it accumulates crust on it sometimes Headaches for a week. And three days ago my right eye vision became blurry. My headaches are always on my right side.  options for kidney/ bladder stone severe stomach pain every morn. untill about noon time.  small sore lump near temple hypothyroidism If on Prednisone, might I always have canker sores that won't heal? I also have Sjogrens Is it normal I got my period a week early the day after sex? Adult male how can i help my dog out of depression I am on birth control but went 6 days without until i saw my doctor will it change anything ? What infection can cause a urine in a bottle? i do masturbation thrice or four a week by seeing porn movies do i get any problem in future my husband has blood pressure of 201/85 with headache and sweating. what does this indicate? After endoscopy, blood in saliva My vision is blurry even when glasses some days and better on others. I have astigmatisim and bifocals. Possible causes Can Levothyroxine cause Liver damage? Why is my doctor refusing to let me self pay for a few months? Bleeding after sex but haven't had a period in years because of my IUD. Shoulda I see my OB? I am unsure if this is pelvic organ prolapse. Please see additional details below. 3 yr old son SAID he ate quarter 5 days ago. I've been checking his poop and still nothing now what? 3 yr old ate quarter infant red puffy vagina I am 53, I was on depo for 5 ys and never had a period, I went off the shot and now its been a yr and still no period. If you think you may be at Perimenopause stage - when should you see a doctor? Have a purple/black bump on my leg with a hole in it with something white inside, how do I tell if its a worm?  Is levoquin for VIRAL bronchitis?  When to see a doctor - How urgent is abnormal vaginal discharge? does implanon affect accurate test results for home pregnancy tests? Home Ovulation Test What are the consequences for not having my gall bladder removed, when I was told that I have numerous stones. No Ins. SHOULD I GO TO THE HOSPITAL??? Plz help!! I pulled my foreskin back for the first time while masturbating, my dick shrank and wont erect. foreskin looks too long veins bulging out Close to the head of my penis Small veins bulging out Close to the head of my penis... splinter in finger. Tried tweezers,needle,epsom salt,Mag.Sulph. Still there. Now a red bump w/o pain. should I see doc? Hello. On Friday night my left eye started seeing a flash, like a spark. I see it only at night. Does Niacin cause cancer? Having irregular periods. Trying for my first child. Been taking prenatal to help. But nothing seems to help. Help? Having discomfort right lower back deep and urine is normal, should I see the DR.? Would it be pointless to visit a doctor years after contracting Lyme Disease? is there any evidence that a supplement (a pill) can help hearing loss? As you age, will the area around your vagina be something other than pink in color? Does this mean it is not healthy? I am on birth control and i want to know if i get cummed in if i need to take the morning after pill. I use Androforte 5 testosterone cream, but I'm not seeing improvement in my T level or sexual functioning When my boyfriend and I have sex he sometimes passes out while in the middle of intercourse, should I be worried? i was dumb and went in about an inch wth no condom for about 30 sec.  Son has a Bruised back and is Vomiting after being tackle on Friday while playing football what should I do ? Why is it whenever I have a dream its mostly sad that i wake up crying and out of breathe? Daughter in severe pain, advised to see GI dr. but can't get appt. till at least 1 month. Can we get someone to see her Should one have the ability to feel or see their ovaries? The ovaries appear as a bulge. I have a small, roughly pea sized lump on the upper side of my penis shaft. I am wondering if this is something serious? Why do I keep having chest pain everyday? It's non-cardiac and I take NSAID's for them. hi i think i might have ms because im getting crazy symtoms like blurry vision off balance hearing bells numbness tremor I'm a 43yr old woman and wonder how often should I be visiting the doctor's? sudden blured vision both eyes last about 10 min. does not happen often what does it mean when you say something but are trying to say something else? I said apple but meant park  Vaginal Opening- tissue growing back together I've been feeling lightheaded, have been seeing small tracers and flashes of light in my periferal vision? i can actually see a lump in my leg vein is this a blood clot Why do my ears ring 24/7? is it okay to ride horses while pregnant? most effective weight loss exercise  Semen in dream, but none in the morning? Read details My husband often has blood in his stool. What type of specialist should he see? awhat is the longest life i will have if i know i have vasular dementia, or alsheimers or memory loss or Parkinsons It is a week after possible conception. I am about three weeks out from my period but I am seeing early pregnancy signs. 13y/o g/dtr taking Focalin 1 1/2yr. Recently has high sex desire, caught talking about it on phone. Could it be Rx how to handle 89 year old mother who is having visual hallucinations.lives with my family.only "sees and hears" at night Job related stress leads to depression? Abscess Right eye vision got dark then small lights started shooting around then vision came back in 10 seconds. What was this? Can you get Genital Herpes AROUND the scrotum area? (Example-Under the scrotum, near upper leg area) Both first sexual partners - Herpes? my hubby has severe insomnia and has been taking 10 mg a night for sleep aid . What is the most that he can take a nite? The last time I saw my period was 6 weeks ago but all pregnancy test come back negative. I was on the bcp Femiane do we humans have hair glands i popped a ciste i thought and hrs latter my skin was seeping tiny black things  will not go outside. will not go outside. What can cause a vibration in leg every 5 seconds for several days? It is NOT visible from outer leg.  is coconut oil safe to drink Husband has RX hydrocodone presciption that was written on Sept 22, 2014 with one refill left.and now it cant be refill My friend was skateboarding last week and landed wrong. His right knee bent in to the right side.  After a night of heavy drinking, upper right abdomen feels bloated, very little to no pain but some slight discomfort I feel angry or scared randomly sometimes and I shake randomly until the feeling passes? My niece's blood type (according to Quest Diagnostics) is "weak B negative". What is the meaning/ramifications of this Gastric bypass in '98 my issues, dizzines, headaches, RLS, vomiting, Reflux, body aches, depression to much to list. I am a 20 year old male and have a small lump under my left nipple. It has been there for about a month.  Tapering Geodon? To make stronger physique and body muscles? Can't smell or taste. Had meningitis as 13 day old baby, think it may be why. Always had social issues. Can I improve? Blood in Stool How is having a $3000 health care deductible better? is it safe to start taking medication for depression and anxiety?  My husband has a swollen finger and now his knee and foot are swollen, what kind of DR should he see? My husband has a swollen finger and now his knee and foot are swollen, what kind of DR should he see? What's it called when you pull your eyelashes out?  What kind of doctor should I see for high blood pressure? Is it possible for a radiologist to miss a testicular tumor? My question is on as to whether or not I should seek medical assitance read the additional details for the question. My 62 year Father has Bi-polar Disorder Vitmain D Periods late what to do it has been 8 days with no periods ? I have a purplish skin colored spot on my penis i noticed the day of having unprotected sex, what could it be? my two yr old is showing lazy eye or crossed features in his right eye. Anything i can do to help fix?  several years ago I was told I had a fiscula .. 2 weeks ago I began urinating out of my rectum .. should i see my doctor Why is that I recently fell at work, went to ER for eval and I have a pre-existing condition W/C won't treat-tumor. husband works night shift, just came home at 3 am c/o floaters in right eye in his line of vision. Should he go ER now? When do I see my doctor if I have daily heartburn and sore throat I am only 14 and i thiink my low blood pressure is caused by my Anti-Depressants. Is this bad? My 3 yr old has thrown up twice after eating peanut butter and a peanut cliff bar but has eaten peanut butter before. Insect found in feces--help, panicked Period after lupron depot three month shot. I have an allergy to acetaminophen. I'm almost 13 weeks pregnant. Are there any alternatives? how can I be hypoglycemic if diabetes is not hereditary in my family? My son has had 3 nosebleeds a day for 2 weeks now. 2 days ago he passed out after having a nosebleed. Is this serious.  I'm on the birth control tri-sprintec and had unprotected sex should I be ok to say I'm not pregnant? Over 8 weeks since giving birth to my third child, and I still haven't started my period. My Foreskin attached around glans before corona? 