Can vitamin deficiencies cause muscle cramps? Is it OK to give children vitamins or supplements when they have a cold? I want to create an emergency kit for our family, what should be in it, and how often should I replace the items? Why would my pharmacist replace Oxycodone with Endocet on my latest refill? Can I refuse the substitution? Could my vitamins be making my heartburn or GERD worse? What vitamins are safe to use during pregnancy and which should be avoided? My prenatal vitamin is making me nauseous. Will taking it with Maalox help? Are prescription prenatal vitamins better than over-the-counter ones? Does my pharmacist also know about supplements and vitamins? I accidentally swallowed my dogs antibiotic pill instead of my daily vitamin. Should I be worried?  I want to take a prescription sleep aid. I am taking a vitamin supplement with ginseng. Is an adverse reaction possible? I am taking 500 mg of naproxen once daily for back pain and Robaxin for muscle spasms. Should I take them together? I am unable to keep down my prenatal vitamin. Any suggestions on what to take that my stomach will tolerate? Can I get too many vitamins? If so what can happen? Is it true that even if a vitamin bottle says it's expired that it's still OK to take? Should someone that takes Metroprolol, Trazadone, Zantac, and Singulair take a One a Day vitamin with Energy? Can vitamins interfere with any prescription medicines? Will prenatal vitamins help my hair grow faster? How often should I replace my mascara? Do I have to replace my eye make-up if I have a stye? How often should I replace my running shoes? I take Diltzac, Evista, and Nexium. I also take a multivitamin and supplements. Do these interact with gemfibrozil? Will taking multivitamins at night affect my sleep? Is taking a prenatal vitamin and a daily supplement too much? Should I be taking ONLY my prenatal vitamin?  Is Vitamin Water helping the body as much as it advertises? Should I take calcium pills or vitamins that are expired? What are the best vitamins for a pregnant woman? When is the best time to take vitamins, in the morning or at bedtime?  Is there a difference between prenatal vitamins prescribed by my doctor and over-the-counter choices at the pharmacy? Is it safe to take Estroven and a multivitamin if I smoke?  After tooth extraction, do you have to replace with an implant?  Is the vitamin supplement Irexis (sindafilate citrate) an alternative to Viagra?  Do vitamins expire?  Can you have a bad tooth pulled and then wait a year to replace bone and have a dental implant inserted?  Is it OK to drink Vitaminwater and take a multivitamin every day? Can I take too many vitamins? If so, what can happen?  Can vitamins interfere with any prescription medications?  Can fillers replace plastic surgery? Do multivitamins descrease the effectiveness of oral birth control pills? I heard about a vitamin booster called ISs T-IBose. Does it give you energy when you are feeling tired and exhausted? Do multivitamins have negative interactions with birth control pills? Can multivitamins affect absorption? What vitamins can you take with birth control pills that will not cancel out the birth control? Can I get too many vitamins? If so, what can happen?  Can vitamins interfere with any prescription medicines?  I had a baby two months ago and have started exercising. What is the best multivitamin to take? My husband takes diabetic medicines. He seems to be very fatigued and in pain all the time. What vitamins can he take? Can you take an antibiotic and a multivitamin at the same time, or do you need to space them apart?  Is it safe for my father to take carvedilol, furosemide, ramipril, warfarin, lovastatin, pravastatin sodium, & vitamins? I am a 20-year-old male. What sort of multivitamin or mineral tablet should I take?  What should I know about Vitamin Water? What's the difference between multivitamins for men and for women? How do I know if I'm deficient in an important vitamin or mineral? Are certain vitamins and minerals especially important for a healthy immune system? What's the best way to store vitamins and minerals? Do some diseases cause vitamin or mineral deficiencies? Alternatives to prenatal vitamins What vitamin deficiency would cause me to not lose weight? Is it possible to overdose on a Water-soluble vitamins? How long can I take a multi vitamin and it remain effective? I am always cold even if it's 70 degrees out. What is the cause and is there a vitamin that I can take. Is it better to take vitamins as pills or powders? why shouldnt i combine a multivitamin and a folic acid pill togather Can a person be allergic to prenatal vitamins? my child got ahold of his vitamins and took to many. can taking too many vitamins cause his stool to be green? I take 10,000 IU of Vitamin A Palmitate. Can II also take a multi-vitamin w/ Vitamin A Beta Carotene? Are there any multi-vitamins for women w/out Vitamin A? I currently have to take 10,000 IU of Vitamin A Palmitate per dr how can i ejaculate more? Can you take too much protein (as in protein shakes, food, vitamins, etc?) My son is 15 @5'1" 120lbs.What can be done to help him grow Can my wife take postnatal vitamins while im pregnant? metalic taste in mouth Are eye vitamins such as I caps for age related eye disease beneficial? what vitamins can help with my hypertension (high blood pressure)? what vitamins / minerals (otc) can i take to improve my memory I had a stroke in september that effected only my speech What could cause food to not digest entirely before a bowel movement? What does a low red blood cell count mean, and what exactly is considered "low"? Which vitamin supplement helps raise blood platelets when i go #2 i feel something come out then go back in when im done it hurts! any thoughts? ive been using hemroid cream is it harmful to take twice the amount of prenatal vitamins when pregnant? Can I take too much folic acid while pregnant? Mutivitamin vs. prenatal Found a blue oblong pill in my friends place. He has been dating a person that uses drugs Why is a drug test showing oxycodone when I take methadone.I take other pain meds flexiril,topamax,tramadol,fentanyl. i stand on my feet all day at work , my right heel hurts as if i have a bone sper, what can it be ? Prenatal vitamin or multivitamin? Want info on Vitamins and supplements that help depression meds and TMS work better. VIt B6, B12, D3, fishoil. doses  is it okay to take prenatal vitamins when you have had a hysterectomy  Are vitamin E & C good for breast I used to have trouble with my cheeks getting really red and hot-feeling. I started taking vitamins and it stopped. Why? 30mg of zinc,1000mcg of vitamin b-12,50mg of vitamin b-1, 400mg of magnesium,1400mg of fish oil. other vitamins needed? what should i take for energy while on celexa and welbutron tried coffee, vitamins, and SAMe still tired is monistat safe to use to promote hair growth? Why do I bloat up after dinner? We don't overeat and we eat a good diet, but my wife and I bloat up hours every evening. I am currently prescribed 200 mg of Zoloft and am using the Nuvaring birth control. Is a Biotin vitamin safe to take? What time of day is the best to take prenatal vitamins? I'm trying to lose some weight and get pregnant. Is it ok to take prenatal vitamins if you're not pregnant? what vitamin or herbs help restless leg syndrome? So i am 28 year old female who wants to get pregnant next year. Can i take pre natal vitamins now or should i wait I am 51 year old male and Overweight. I am looking older than my age. I am feeling physically weak all the time. If you don't drink milk, can that make you more likely to get scoliosis? i have had reactions to both niacin and statins to control my colesterol. and suggestion? Heel Pain can prenatal vitamins be making my baby gassy? 21 years old, masturbate 1-2 times a day regularly. Had a possible UTI, now ejaculating less. Retrograde ejaculation? Can too much Vitamin B and Folic Acid be detrimental to weight loss? Is it safe to drink beer while taking a multi vitamin? what causes swelling in one ankle and lower leg in 93 year old woman and what specialist should she see? My chiropractor says I am wasting my money buying vitamins at dept stores and I should by his supplements. Is this true? What vitamins and minerals are important to take while taking lithium carbonate? Should I give my 3 year old Omega 3 supplement on top of her pediatrician prescribed vitamin? How do I stop snorting Subutex? will multi vitamin help with celiac disease? Male 50 , had a physical labs came back fine except testosterone levels very high. I know low can be bad is high t bad? what cause extreme water gain Can I take the following vitamin dosages together? Having shortness of breath, chest pain, fatigue accompanied by increase in blood pressure and pulse. Possible causes? Are vitamins blood thinners I am 35 year working women. Feel very tried so should I take vitamin B supplements . Or something else I missed my period but im not sexually active? Should Post Menapausal Women take Pre Natal vitamins can taking a multi vitamin cause a yeast infection? Can I take 2 Prenatal Vitamins in one day if I am getting a cold What vitamins are needed for 11 thru 18 old girls that refuse to eat breakfast lunch,live on bean burritos.no vegatable Can I continue to take supplements made for American residents while I am in Australia for the next couple of years? Does B12 (2500 mcg) causes bloody stool? best vitamin to take for endometrosis What vitamins can I take to help get my hair full again? is vitamins e d and zinc good for low testosterone what vitamins boost sperm count Is it okay to double your vitamins when you are sick? implantion or light period HELP if you have had most of large intestine removed, could you develop a vitamin definciency? how would that be detected? Why does the cuticle lift of the nail bed on a couple of my fingers? I don't eat meat but I will eat fruit and veggies at times not very often. What vitamins should I be taking daily?  can I take vitamins all at once what are the best vitamins to take when you have a cold and how much Does ferrous gluconate in my multi vitamin, help iron deficiency anemia?  vitamins help gall bladders? My lower right side of my back has been hurting...now my urine is bright yellow. What could this be?  Post vericosile repair have low sperm count. Is there any treatment for peripheral neuropathy?? Super B Complex and multivitamin is there a risk of too much B vitamin? is B12 effective in shingles treatment Can prenatal vitamins mess up my menstral cycle? Can you please tell me daily doses for vitamins and daily servings of foods to increase low blood platelet counts? Is 105 mg of Vitamine B12 a dangerous dosage? what vitamins do i take when having thyroid and menopause Can a multivitamin cause acne? are skin warts a vitamin deficiency? Are there vitamins to help bipolar is there a vitamin to help prevent boils? Can I take Acidophilus while pregnant? are floaters as a result of vitamin deficiency or stress what type of food r vitamins can build up the platlets count, What vitamin should you take for splintering fingernails and breaking hair? can vitamins or supplements help bradycardia? I have bradycardia from exercising... thanks. need information Do vitamins help boost a toddler's appetite? Can I take a multi Vitamin with Adipex-p What can prevent Vitamin D from being absorbed into your body Can taking prenatal vitamins hurt you if you are not pregnant? If not can you ask your doctor for them? does chewing tobacco destory vitaminC my daughter 15, works out 4 days a week takes vitamins but seems to gte sick every few weeks, is she just run down? is there a vitamin for clear skin? can i take a vitamin for ringing in the ear How much sublingual B-12 for post gastric bypass? is there a Vitamin that will help me lose weight?  Why am I so fatigued? Im 27 with systemic lupus diabetes degeneritve disc disease. I never feel well and in pain always. any suggestions? is vitamin k the same thing as potassium Am I in danger if I didn't take prenatal vitamins before pregnancy? Why do I bruise so easily? What can I do about it? Menopaulsal sypmtoms...Looking for recomendations for a good vitamin (NO Iron) and natural menopause management advise.  What fruits/vegitables can I mix in a blender to make a healthshake that has all the viamins/nutrients of a multivitamin when you have a historctomy are you suppost to get vitamin b shots and hormo pills what kind of herbal medicines,fruits,and vitamins should i take to prevent the pain on my gallstone?  Can taking Biotin cause yeast infections? can you pretreat shingles with over the counter vitamins? why am I tired even though i take 1000 mg of b12 everyday how much b12 should i take in a daily vitamin What vitamins can I take to ward off insect bites? what are good vitamins for chemicaly damaged hair? CAN YOU TAKE 2 ONE A DAY VITAMINS what natural remedies and vitamins help eczema should toddlers take vitamins with omega 3 and vitamin D3 Arthritis pain and Degenerative progression can I take vitamin supplement NAC while taking metronidazole oral Which vitamin is the best to take to lower cholestrol without taking Lipitor? What Vitamins could you take for Low Estrogen? Can you take vitamins if you have diverticulitis? are there vitamins that can help inprove adrenal gland function? Is frolic acid necessary when taking vitamin b12 1000 methylcobalamin daily I sweat alot on just my face ever since I was little, now 64. Its so embarassing. Any vitamins I can take for this? How much water does it take to dilute urine If you take ibuprofen, red bull,Benadryl and vitamins can it cause false positive on a drug test can b12 vitamins raise lab results does taking prenatal vitamins help with fertility/ conception? How concerned should I be if my iron level is at 27? Nostrils aren't producing it's regular green effect, but it's more of a clear liquid.  starting menopause  What vitamins and minerals are best for absorbing niacin? How to take multivitamins correctly according to the label? im taking 3 different supplements everyday is that ok? 