What can I do at home for nausea or vomiting? Are there any over-the-counter solutions for nausea and vomiting? Can Zegerid, Librax and Protonix interact and cause vomiting and diarrhea? My roommate has been throwing up for almost 12 hours (every 30-60 minutes), and is now vomiting bile. How can I help? My 5 year-old was vomiting and it has turned into dry heaving. Can I give her Pepto Bismol to halt the dry heaves? My daughter-in-law is pregnant, and was prescribed metronidazole. She immediately vomited. What can we do?  Im having upset stomach, vomiting, and diarrhea. Can diclofenac cause these symptoms?  My son vomited about 10 minutes after taking a second dose of penicillin for strep throat. Should he take the next dose? My 13-month-old gets mild hives after eating eggs and vomited after having dairy at 8 months. What can I do?  My daughter took her first dose of Augmentin and about an hour later she vomited. Is vomiting a common side effect?  Should I give ipecac to induce vomiting? Hi, is Gallbladder cancer a common disease? Also, is it possible to have it detected early enough to be cured? If you have had a fundiplication can you have gastric bypass surgery? how big an effect will 3 weeks of illness have on your A1c? vomiting diarrhea x7 days no meds for 5 days Type your question here.Wife is 28 wks pregnant. (age 33)Has a sore throat, cough, temp. of 99.1 and voice sounds horse. son bouts of nausea and vomiting that lasted two days extremely thristy and has lost his appetitie. last for two weeks My last period I was under a lot of stress,dryness and burning in private place, hurts during intercourse, what can I do what does it mean when your vomit is greenish blue? Ive puked greenish blue puke 6-8 times in bout 3 hours time. my 2 year old vomited once and has a fever. The fever was really high for a day but is down to 100 now.  How do I get rid of my extreme amounts of morning phlem that makes me vomit? Can food posioning cause blood in my stool? My little brother is throwing up after he said he ate a chicken nugget that was red inside what could it be? What can I do to help ease chest pain??  I have had 2 brain surgerys, 4 aneurysm. I have been severly dizzy, nauseated, headaches and vomiting. what would cause sudden a sudden hot flash with cold sweats vomiting and a bloody nose episode lasted about five minutes 3 days ago my 15 year old son had vomited 3 violent episodes. He seemed to recover but he began again yesterday  My 11month old keeps vomiting after eating formula but nothingelse could this mean its time to stop feeding him formula? My 11month old keeps vomiting after eating formula but nothingelse could this mean its time to stop feeding him formula? I have been vomiting daily for the last 6 months with multiple tests run with no conclusion. Could it be nerves? Yesterday I started vomiting and running a fever of 101 F. Over 24 hrs later, I am experiencing sever abdominal pain. Why do I vomit when I brush my teeth? difficulty urinating, nausea and vomiting. What the most likely problem what causes black poop my husband has very bad stomach pains, diarrhea, vomitting green and is diabetic. she he go to the er? what diagnosed deals with headache, vomiting, nausea, abdmonial pain? I have been coughing for 2 weeks. The cough has caused vomiting nightly for a week. Should I go to the docter? I can feel a pulsating mass in my epigastric region and I have really bad lower back pain bothsides. Are they related? What is Hyperemesis Gravidarum and is it similar or different to anything Gastroenteritis ive had it for over a month should i be conserned? But i haven't been Vomiting or naushous. I am bullimic and today I got sick and vomited 5 times today (not purposely) and now i see a tiny bit of blood, bad? what to take vomiting and achy feeling. started with upset stomach my husband keeps vomiting he wont eat anything am really worried my husband wont eat anything he vomit 4 times aleady please help My girlfriend is very nauseous and vomiting. Passed out for a second. What should i do? is it a problem that my son is vomiting after getting the flu shot? am feeling some how tired, desire to vomit , and still mising my period?? are these symptoms of pregnancy??? i have to spit a lot when i exercise, primarily running which causes me to vomit afterwards. what does this mean? My son has been vomiting for about 5 hours and has pain in lower right side of abdomen, but no fever. What to do? I broke my wrist and symptoms include metallic taste, dizziness, lethargy, hearing loss, gagging and more. NORMAL? moderate to severe discomfort beneath my ribs right side. No comfort from sitting, standing or lying down. No pain I'm not pregnant, but I sometimes get morning sickness. Why is this? My wife was diagnosed with C Diff, on Flagyl for 3 and a half days and now in lots of pain and vomiting. Should I go to the ER for black stool and vomiting? Child on concerta. pupils dilated, eyes glassy, Good appetite before the pill - none after. Has lost 7 lbs in 10 days. 4 year old male child vomiting saliva and yellow bile I have stomach crampts and extremely bad diarrhea anything I eat or drink comes straight back out. My 2 year old daughter keeps coughing to the point where she vommiting but not running a fever is that normal?  dizziness, vomitting, falling down, hitting head. How do you check for concussion.? my 19 month old has been vomiting off and on for 6 days and has had the diarrhea as well. Should I be concerned? My daughter started vomiting 6 hours ago, 8 times. She even woke up to vomit. Fever 100.8. What should i do? my sister has 102 fever along with headache bodyache and vomitting feeling what immediate first aid can be given I've been really nauseous and feeling like vomitting on a daily basis do they always check 4 pregnancy when u go to the er ?second month w/o a period? but they said nothing 1 way or other? My three month started vomiting this morning and hasn't been able to keep anything down. What could the problem be? just recently when I ate fish within a few hours I had very strong vomiting and diarrhea, my arms and legs were tinglely For 3 days now I have not been able to keep anything down. sharp pains in my side. headachs, vomit dirrah, but no fever? My daughter have temp 101-102 give her flu med but what ever she eat she vomiting what her sickness typeM can a stomach ulcer burst Friend is suffering from shortness of breath, fainting, days lost in memory, sneezing, vomiting, chest tightness. HELP!! Why would my 3 year old daughter wake up at least once a week vomiting in the nght? what conditions would go with bloody stools severe weight loss 50 pounds in 4 months vomiting daily very pale skin? My 6 yr old is vomiting clear liquid but some yellow/green for about 7 hours with tummy pain. Can I give her anything? Does crackers help with nausea wake up thing im going to vomit, dry/scratchy feeling on left side of throat, spitting up mucous Neck pain, left arm pain, hot flashes that make me sick to my stomach what's wrong with me I'm scared. Can vomitting happen during PMS I have bloody vomit and diarrhea that comes and goes I have had multiple colonoscopies that have yielded no answer Help Son vomitting off and on 2nd week 6 years old.ER had no answers,sons Doctor says maybee stomach bug i have diarriha vomiting hot to cold shivers and mild stomach pains what causes nausea and vomiting after eating in a teenage male Couuld you use Zofran to get a buzz or if you were addicted to prescription drugs? I'm a Male, 21. Every morning I wake up to vomit, and after every meal I have the urge to vomit. What could it be? My dog eats and eliminates grass. Should I be concerned? what causes fowl smelling and tasteing mucas draining into stomach and subsequent nausia and vomiting? my stomach gets sour first, i can taste it when i burp. Then i vomit. it has happened many times. why? I only have a fever in the evening. I am 32 and slightly overweight. I shake I get so cold during the fever... why is my 7 week old baby vomiting alot in amount after eating Why do I feel sick after eating bananas? 3 yr old black lab/ newfinland mix. she is having full body shakes. she has been alos been losing weight. Having sharp stabbing pain that comes and goes on my left side below ribs but above hip, what could this be? child cries and says that his head hurts, vomits and then passes out for an hour or two or longer? Severe headache with sex, at moment of orgasm, is it severe? from time to time vomit and diarrea and its the same out both ends constipation should I g to ER for bloody bowel movements is paracetamol is good for cat? can i be pregnant? My son is vomiting nonstop and when he does stop his stomach hurts what to I give him Can long term use of pain medication kill you? what causes leg cramps so severe to pass out after my wife and i have sex i have really bad nausea to the point where i actually start vomiting.. any sugjestions??  General abdominal pains and nausea for almost 4 weeks. This occurs off and on all day and night. 2wks ago a GI said I've a small hiatal hernia, but I've vomited everytime I've eaten for 5mths. Should I be concerned? is vomiting through nose normal grandson, 7 yrs old, 4'9', and 125lbs. younger brother tested pos. for strep. hes vomiting, fever, slept for 2 days, what to do if bowel obstruction causes vomiting On the Pill. Brown discharge, cramping, sore breasts and bloating. Has anyone had this before? Is 333% Zinc supplement too much for someone that is 140 pounds, I took one after breakfast and immediatly threw up? how to prevent postnasal drip that drains into stomach and makes me vomit every morning. can penicillin cause gums to bleed Is it possible to have a stomach virus without vomiting or diarrhea? ulcer I have severe pain in my stomach and nausea what can I do to help What steps should we take? what could the problem be if i feel like my stomache is on fire? warm to touch on stomache and vomiting..  My stepson is 12yo and got food poisoning from school. What can he eat next day after a horrible night of vomiting? What causes blood in my stool, severe cramps, and vomiting? I cut myself shaving can I get necrotizing fasciitis? Please help, sacred Should I be concerned that my child vomited blood and mucus after a nosebleed?  Can someone damage a small childs throat in any way by sticking a tongue depresser in too far? my boyfriend lifted some heavy tables last week and ever since he has a sharp pain on the right side of his stomach my burps smell like rotten eggs accompanied by diarrhea and occasional vomiting! SEVERE Gastroenteritis, should I stay home? My dog has developed an ear infection and we have been treating itl All of a sudden he has been drinking and vomiting Whenever i eat i get nauseas and heartburn, even the littlest amounts make me sick, what can it be from? I vomited within an hour of taking tamiflu.Is it still effective? is it safe for a 6 year old child to consume yogurt one week after the expiration date? Took penicillin antibiotic about month ago for sinus infect. Found out allergic. Have felt terrible since. Any sugg? I have been vomiting as soon as i eat something, not pregnant, its been more than 2 weeks. What could cause this proplem Could thrush cause vomiting What tests should my doctor be conducting to diagnose the cause of my vertigo? I was diagnosed at the ER this weekend.  I've had stomach cramps for 2 days and signs of dehydration without vomitting or had diarrhea. Should I go to the ER?  i was vomiting two days ago since then I have has cramps in my mid stomach, feeling weak and burping alot two days ago i started vomiting, now I have pains in my mid stomach, feeing weak and burping alot 2 yr old Grandson has been vomiting since born. He weighs no more than 24pds and that drops. He doesn't want to eat. could i have gotten pregnanty on my period? Diareah 15 hr back stomach leg cramps right side mostly, bloating in upper right stomach every 15 minutes with vomiting Why would a Dr insist on prescribing percocet 10-325 over oxycodone 10mg It makes me nauseaus, and he doesnt believe me. What is causing my daughter to have abdominal pain, vomiting, and hives? Lower abdominal pain. Started bear belly button. Nausea/vomiting/no fever/cant eat,sleep,walk/pain increasing. Help? Daughter has had recurring severe stomach pain, no fever (max 99.6). Should we see specialist? I have had a cough for about a month now  Is it possible to be allergic to powdered sugar? When I was 20 I had sores in my mouth. They came back a few years later. What is it? extreme thirst, urinating every 20-40 min for 6 hours straight. headache. vomitted 3 times in past 10 hours. no fever  Lower right abdominal near belly button.Lost appetite, nausea, vomiting, chills, hot spasms. Pain increasing.What to do? why do I get a massive headache and pin like back pain and vomiting when I even try to push out the diarreaha Having a flu in college What are the symptoms of a bad gall bladder My daughter has a white film on her tongue that will not wipe off and she has a white film on her tonsils. If feeling of vomiting mean I am pregnant? ?? Can I give my 2 1/2month old baby cereal mixed in his formula to help with vomiting and hunger? Ok, Had unprot. sex took plan b had unprot. Sex again but came on period on time. Week after I've been experiencing pain My 5 year old vomited once over night. Feels fine this morning. Should I send her to school? alcoholic vomiting 3 to 5 times daily, family history of cancer What happened to my abdomen? Can severe rectal bleeding and vomiting be linked with prolapse uterus? I can't eat fruits or sweets. When I do, I almost vomit. How do I get my daily vitamin values if I can't eat fruits? I had an abortion about a year ago, and ever since, I have experienced extreme vomiting at the start of every period. i am a male always nauseaed and vomit for days. i am losing weight fast no hunger weak tired hot flashes and night swet Could I be pregnant or have an STD? I have been having severe abdominal pain after every meal. What could it be? pain on the right side form lower back to abdomen hurts to walk and sit should i go to the doctors can taking 45 50mg capsules of tramadol boiled in water and drank kill you please?? Can I be pregnant? What if you can't get a person who you think has a concussion to go to the doctor? Is there any way to reduce period flow without going on the pill? My 18 yr old daughter has severe painful menstrual cramping and was vomiting. What is wrong? What should I do?  My period is 14 days late I'm having multiple symptoms such as nausea,fatigue,light cramps but negative test today help? Could I be pregnant? started feeling symptoms b4 i got my period in july and after. took 2 tests and they were + it started 3 weeks ago, im on birth control and blead/ spotted at wrong time, after that i started being nausious a lot 3 year old. 12 days every time we give her food or liquid she gets bad tummy ache and vomits losing weight. What could be going on? Xanax: Side effects and usage question? Is Nestle Polo is safe to consume ? If not what can be the other heathy mint we can consume without any side effects ? Mystery Illness? What could I possibly have? A-fib, chronic diarrhea, vomiting, and nausea. Gastric bypass in '98 my issues, dizzines, headaches, RLS, vomiting, Reflux, body aches, depression to much to list. After waking up and using the restroom, I instantly have to vomit. Blood in Stool Is the Flu Virus transferable through breast milk? my husband has been vomiting coffee grounds for two months,  Can gallstones cause vomiting and unable to keep food down What's up with my tummy? Very sudden extreme dizzy feeling as though spinning which drained my energy and made me want to vomit, could be sinus? What could be wrong with my liver? 