An elderly relative is taking Ambien CR and has "sleepwalking" episodes and hallucinations. Are there other options? I have a brown recluse bite on my leg that is extremely painful. I dont want to walk. What pain medication is safe? I was walking my dog, and may have gotten poison ivy. How do I get rid of the itching? Do I have to bathe my dog? Could high humidity cause brief dizziness during a brisk walk,? I tore my ACL and can still walk on it, but I have been told it's a minor injury. What does this mean? My mother has Parkinson's disease. She complains her feet are sinking into the floor when walking. Is this a symptom? Two days ago, a shoe caused a heel blister. Now I have pain all up my calf, and can barely walk. What should I do?  why am I having stomach cramps lower pack pain and shortness of breath. tired all the time I had a broken hip, then hip replacement 6/19/12 Still having problems. What can I do now? VNUS Closure done 2 wks ago, shooting nerve pain when I walk and the area around my ankle still numb, is that normal? Why does my leg ankle and foot swell Sharp pain in top of my foot that moves to my shin. Not in the muscle it is in the bone. Then the other leg starts too i sprained my ankle on saturday and now it is monday and i have to walk a great deal tomarow, should i see my doctor? What causes sudden burning sensation in the hands and bottoms of your feet? why do my knees squeak while walking My ACL is detached from its femoral attachment. Lateral Miniscle is torn - Grade 3. Would you suggest surgery or rest ? What can I do to reduce my triglucerides? my knees sqweak while walk they just give out on me sometimes n feel un comfordable at time. what should i do pain in testicals fullness/presure feelin,hurts to shart urinating afteri pee hurts to walk bend,what could it be I have a watery eye left one,my mouth droops down a little,no numbness. My mouth feels like novacane is wearing off. I pulled my hip flexors a few years ago, have hip pain that keeps me up at night now that I work out more. Help? The heel of one foot is very sore when I walk on it. Could this be related to my back surgery? My husband's MD recently diagnosed slightly elevated glucose levels. It was 314. Isn't this too high?  48 year old female, walks outside everyday for 7 hours at my job. Can't lose weight. What is a good diet plan? I am 32yr old male having trouble balancing as i walk.My left side feels heavier than my right i have an ankle severe ankle sprain, unable to walk on it, it is red, swollen and hot to the touch, very painfull,why?  i am having leg pain that gets worse in the evening with swelling of my right leg and throbbing pain what could it be? knee cap pain bruise is hot to the touch what should I do? My son is 7 and has walking pneumonia. Is some activity ok or should he just lay low? About how long? Would soma cause and increase in restess leg sydrom? When I fast walk, I have excruciating pain from below my knee to my foot? Why? I am 86. I survived congestive heart failure. How much exercise should I expect to undertake? Heart throbs in my neck. My sister is in her 30's, she can't open her mouth, sallow, in lots of pain, and can't talk or walk. do corns hurt and itch? Can Mucinex DM and Z-Pack be taken together?  Does medicare or tricare help cover walk in bathtubs for handicap people? I have asthma and was recently diagnosed. Can cold weather and walking in it trigger asthma? It happened to me. I am 60 years. Type 2 diabetic for 6 years. 5 feet 10 inches tall and weigh 275 pounds with a waist of 48 inches. Help Can a slight trauma or injury exacerbate lumbar spinal stenosis? Does walking induce labor? Severe Spinal Pain 2 years postop. I have an intense pain from my knee to ankle on the right side of my right leg, it gets really bad when walking. chest burning /pain sensation how can i prevent passing gastroenteritus to my family members in my household? My 4 year old walks funny She turns her left foot in when walking it gets worse when she runs. which Dr. handles this? how do i get strength back after hip replacement I'm always having this weird and painful gas and bloating on my 2nd day of menstrual cycle Pain in right hip that shoots down the leg on the right side. Occurs after walking/standing for long periods of time. after a 40 minute walk, i feel tired. why .? Are there any sexual postion that you could suggest that are less painful for chronic neck and back pain? why do i get so tired after exercising? Chronic overall debilit. pain. No answers. 59Yo, diabetic, peripheral artery disease, Go to pain mgmt specialist. What are some easy excersises to do at work? I have hurt my inner knee before playing football a 2-3 years ago. Now im feeling the same pains again what should i do? I have severe pain accominied by snapping and popping in my lower spinal area what causes it and should i be concerned? Several periods in just under two months. My 15mo son walks and plays normally then will suddenly have an issue with leg. Won't put any weight on it. My mother has suffered for four years with headaches,dizziness and a stroke. She now has 3 personalities. What can I do? What causes Intense rectal pain from eating seeds and nuts occuring since approx. 2009?  i have diabiets i a having really bad muscle gramps my fingers are getting disfigured and so are my toes and legsback what causes pain in the heel when walking very painful foot pain i was walking through my apt hallway and walked past someone smoking marijuana will i have it in my system?  i dont exercise because my legs and feet hurt so bad, what can i do to fix this ?" What do I do if my college roomates foot is turning completely blue after tripping and hitting it on the table earlier? I WAS PRESCRIBED AMOXICICILLIN FOR A FOOT INFECTION. I NOW HAVE A VAGINAL BURNING AND ITCH. SIDE EFFECT?  most of my bowel movements are hard pebbles most of the time i use a rubber glove on my hand to get the stool out why He gets a headache, light headed, dizzy, slurred speech, and sometimes a limp when he walks, can tell coming most times for the last 5 months the area just behind the heel towards the bridge of my feet are so sore and painful that i stwh After walking a short distance my heart beats very strongly as if I just ran occasionally with lightheadedness included. After sitting for a while, 10-15 minuntes, I cannot stand until me knee has a chance to straighten out for 15 to 20 sec. when I am sitting and I get up to stand I get dizzy and see spots. Why is this? What do I do about flashes of pain in my hips and legs? Most noticeable at night. Severe enough to keep me awake. I have end stage Osteoarthritis in my left hip and an amputated right leg. I need a replacement hip and advice please. I am getting dull knee join pain after a long walk or cycling. I was walking 5 km a day during the college time. had surgery a year ago can not work or stand or move with out pain in stomacke since no medication is working what is it vertigo, vomiting and low grade fever with sudden onset Should I have a follow up on my foot? What types of exercise are contraindicated for someone who has had a L5-S1 spinal fusion? screws were removed my lowr leg tendon will draw up in the mid of the night causing my big toe and frnt ankl area to draw up. Have to walk  can i smoke a cigar while recovering from walking pneumonia? My left leg has a very deep acheing pain that hurts worse when I try to walk. It almost feels like my bone will break electric shock in leg what can cause yellow skin and sulfer smell? My elderly father will go from walking perfectly one day to not being able to walk the next. What's the problem? can athletes get sick going outside immediately after working out? How do you treat a chipped knee cap (patella) ? Do I need surgery? Xrays confirmed the chip (s). sore knee and tingling in bottom of foot 6th month of pregnancy, no pain but can feel a soft, sac like something in my vagina, what is this? Why joints swell in older age? 1 yr ago I sprained my right ankle bad.Over the few couple of wks I have had sudden onsets of swelling and severe pain? how can my friend loose belly fight ? he does alot of walking. What causes the head and arms to jerk constantly,even in sleep,which produces pain? I fell on my already painful knees and now I can barely walk i stand for 8 hours a day and have pain all day long when i come home and still for awhile its stiff and hard to walk? I fell on the side of my foot a week ago and I still can't walk on it, should I see a doctor or continue home care? How much calories should I be eating? So Confused.. is slurred speech and trouble walking striaght a sign of mono ? I FELL AND HAVE PAIN IN MY HIP, KNEE AND ANKLE AS WELL AS MY LOW BACK. HOW LONG SHOULD I WAIT TO SEEK MEDICAL ATTENTION? Should someone with lower back pain see a doctor or a chiropractor?  I twisted my foot 2 weeks ago and now have intence pressure and pain at the 5th metatarsal. What should I do? the last 2 days i have been dizzy,headach,and unbalance. when i walk i loss control of my (left) legs,weak, ,nausea. A few weeks ago I had several attacks of dizzieness within one day. I've been suffering since. What is the cause? i work on concrete all day and i have flat feet. lately my left ankle has been hurting after about 6 hrs of work I have a pilonidal cyst, that is leaking small amounts of pus mixed with blood throughout the day. Should I go to the ER my husband has dizzy spells,weight gain, and just today got out of bed walked to the bathroom and fainted. I fell walking my dog a couple days ago and tried to stop myself with my wrist now it and my thumb are very sore I feel like I have internal hemorrhoids, but I don't think they are supposed to cause pain, what do I have? The inside of my r knee is chronically in pain. Worse after walking. Anit-iflamatory and icing have not worked. MCL inj? I felt a small dull pain in the back of knee that spread throughout the whole knee during the course of the day. what injury would cause pain in the knee but bruising halfway down calf and below ankle on inner right leg? Do I have the flu? Pain in the groin area. I can barely stand up and walk after sleeping and sitting for long periods.  My husband is in severe pain from gout! How soon can I exercise after a bout of walking pneumonia? I am having pain in the left side of my abdominal...also tenderness and soreness...possible cause.. Big toe pain? what tests are done to test the heart and lungs for excessive sweating i was runing sprints recently and now I am experiencing pain behind my right knee...should I see a doctor? What causes a searing moving pain throughout my thighs and calfs when sleeping. It's after an hour on the eliptical I have severe pain from knee down swelling and unexplained bruises on leg and my feet are like ice all the time bones-joints freezing What does it mean when your top # is high, but bottom one is normal . As in 153 over 72? pulse also 72 When I walk to work, I get a burning pain in my chest, like swallowing a hot potatoes.I am a smoker. What can this be?  Over the counter medicine to resolve stomach pain from acid reflux? Depressed for 12 yrs. I'm 33. Tried several meds. Use to be outgoing, but now I stay in my room. I feel alone and sad Knee still has sharp pain when I kneel down on it after a fall 2 weeks ago.Should I see a doctor or wait a bit longer? i am a 31 yr old female, i have burning pain in my lower center abdomen. What can it be? I have a sharp pain in arch of left foot when I begin to crouch down, and sometimes when walking.  something at the top of my leg at the glute/groin popped and now i can hardly walk. What happened? can magnesium cause swelling of hands/heel of foot I have hyperreflexia.Vision is dark and everything scrolls by. I "lose my legs", can't walk, legs tremble for hours We have a 6wk old lab that we found out has hookworms. I have two small kids can they catch canine hookworms? Symptoms Jammed my third toe and have a HUGE bruise on foot around toe and the toe is swollen, excruciatingly painful AND shorter What is wrong with my knee? I have chronic dry nose with tissue inflammation. All allergy tests were negative. What OTC products I can use to treat? Is it normal for the shingles vaccine to produce shingles-like symptoms? How to lose weight with little mobility? What is the best time of day to exercise to lose weight? Specifically if I'm walking on a treadmill. i have a burning and swelling of my vaginal lips and it hurts what is the cause and is there anything i can put on it Should non-sexually active teens have access to Birth Control, especially when they have severe cramping? How can I change my toilet timing to early morning? I feel grinding in my hips and have severe back stiffness and pain. Is that normal?  why would i be fine one day and the other all of a sudden be so off balence when i try to walk or stand.  Lump/Bump on the outside of my foot. lifted heavy object in the AM back started to hurt at night, is this a pulled muscle or slipped disc I have lost about 60 pounds and my skin seems loose. I've been walking and swimming. What can I do? shaky feelng, unsteady walking, tired, uncontrollable muscle movements, recent achalasia surgery, hit head unconsc I have severe trust issues with doctors. How do I find a reputable doctor when I haven't been to one in 8 years? I am 21, I have a foot and ankle that is swollen. It been swollen every since 2007 and never went down. HELP ME PLEASE! My labia is swollen and red. Should I have surgery to correct it? Strange dent under kneecap I scratched my eye (no pain, but blurry vision). Can birth control (nuvaring, Yaz, Gianvi and Beyaz) cause compartment syndrome in the legs? Could water in the ears be responsible for 3 yr olds not talking and covering ears? EXTREMELY TIRED, SEVERE PAIN FROM THROAT DOWN THRU ABDOMEN. what can I do to lose weight since I can't exercise because of a back problem.  Does heart rate go up after eating? Heel Pain Not sure if my foot is broken or sprained. It hurts pretty severly on the outside edge of my foot just below the ankle.  I've had chronic, tight leg pain for almost a year, when sitting or lying down, and no luck finding a diagnosis. Help? Why would both of my calf muscles hurt?They have been hurting for 2 weeks.The pain is in the upper inside of both calfs. is it possible to hide things in your sleep and return them the next night? My fourth toe is painful, red, and swollen. It has fever and is extremely painful to touch. Also has small white spot. i need to know whats wrong with my friend, please help. rolled ankle, swelling went down, it is still very painful, have a soft lump on the top of foot, cant walk after rest,  Brown spots on lower legs ?? I think I could be pregnant missed a pill when I think I ovulated and have stopped my pills 4 days no period yet.Could I does heart diesease qualify for disability I recently began taking loratadine . I have noticed muscular cramping in my forearms and calves. Any conection? How do you treat blisters on the bottom of feet caused by walking on hot pavement? how do you treat a sore achilles tendon I WAS TOLD I HAVE A SPAINED ANKLE BEEN ONE WEEK ITS GETTIN WORSE HELP ME PLEASE when a person wakes up will he be aware of what happened in his sleep if he walked around and had a full conversation? I have lower back pain that has been going on for 4 months, what can my doctor do to find out what is wrong? I have a "weak ankle", when walking and excersising should I be wearing an ankle brace? My potassium level dropped to 2.3. Was put in hospital for four days, right now it's 2.9, I take pot 160MEQ daily WHY? After a long walk, is it safe to drink ice water? I was told ice water was not safe to drink after exercising. Why do some states require doctor's orders for a blood test while others do not? What sort of exercise can a handicapped person do who is morbidly obese and fighting several ailments? I was running with flip flops on and slipped and sliced the bottom part of my heel and it has been bleeding for 3 days Is it possible to sit and walk with a hip fracture from a fall? My toe next to the big toe began hurting after I sprinted (I'm 50 and raced a 10 year old) to the point I am limping.  I sat down and became dizzy and slightly light headed. My right arm and hand became numb and had difficulty thinking. how to treat diarrhea in a 6 month old baby who has had over a week and his bottom is raw Can Appendicitis cause pain in the groin area and make it hard to walk? Can Osteoarthritis in back cause pain in my lft gluteal muscle into hip joint down frnt thigh and not be able to walk? When I mow grass, I develope an itchy "hive like" rash on hips/thighs. lasts 2 days. am I alergic to grass? What can do? Can you kill an uncaught hepes viruse By washing your hands? WHAT ARE THE SYMPTOMS OF MS. I have pain on the outside of my foot from my pinky toe to my heel it feels like a Charlie horse.  How much longer until my nicked achilles tendon heals? Pounding Heart After Eatting, Walking Up Steps Heart Races And Short Of Breath can groin pain also be associated with fibromyalgia? Is shin splint trauma located in the front or back of the leg? "Bunched up" feeling in my penis? I am 16, female.Eating 1300-1500 calories,cardio/strength 1 1/2 hr and drinking water daily. Why can't I lose weight? Cause of back pain in my lower right region, plus inflammation that has put my body off center? Unexplained common vaginal discharge, white in color, no itching or burning, why? I have had 2 episodes of sudden hearing loss in my right ear with loss of balance leaning to the right and nausea? Pain on the shaft of my penis, why is that? Pain in uterus area Bug bite causing pain on my thigh, what can I do? My foot falls asleep while working out after recently injuring it, should I be worried it's not getting circulation? for 20 min everything was blury and spinning in my head. I was staggering trying to walk. any help? After lying down or sitting for a while I get up and my feet and legs hurt and its hard to walk for a few minutes. Foods to avoid after gull bladder and appendix removal?  Have been dealing with plantar fasciaitis. Now have severe pain on top of foot, cannot put pressure on it to walk. How to treat a swollen toe I hurt my foot a week ago (bumped top of foot on a sofa), it's still swollen and hurts. Do I need to see a doctor? Can Lymph Nodes come back? Staying clean and healthy My Mom is 57 years old. She cant walk for over 22 years. She's paraplegic. Is there any chance she walk again.?Thank you I experience pain in my scrotum when seeing people walking/standing on hard surfaces like wood floors, concrete or sand. I am experiencing severe pain in both legs that start behind the knees and radiate down to my feet. It's very painful i am a runner with bursitis of the hip. what type of runing shoes should i wear? lots of support or minimal support? Can I take lortab if I have tachycardia ANY CURE FOR METATARSALGIA Why does changing weather affect me physically do you remember a seizure the other day i got the worst sharp pain from my rectum. it stopped me from walking. i felt like i been stabbed Dizines after runing or walking foot pain  About Diabetes 2 : My father, age 77, can't feel his feet anymore. Is it normal to have trouble while walking straight? Sometimes I feel like I am being pulled to the right Pain in upper chest at walking exercise start, worsens for a few minutes, eases after 10 min walking. Any idea why? I'm thirteen years old and whenever I run or even walk my heels hurts. It is a sharp pain and consistant. What's wrong? my son gained a lot of weight and now has shortness of breath coming up stairs and walking...is this weight or heart??? If I go to a DR and tell them I need to quit cocaine cold turkey will they call cops or force me into rehab or something My job is sedentary and I am gaining weight fast. How can I stop the gain? Is it possible to have a broken bone in my foot and still be able to walk? headache for 4 days. getting worse. no relief. noticed more confusion. what could it be? i have this pain in my lower right side of my back when i walk,it starts out feeling like a knot and then starts to hurt Is it normal for lower back pain to start at 6 weeks pregnant and still be going strong now at 25 weeks? I hit my foot 5 days ago and it still hurts...Should I see a doctor even though I can still walk? I hit my foot 5 days ago and it still hurts...Should I see a doctor even though I can still walk? Why does my bulging disc at T12/L1 only sometimes cause a problem, as far as walking and standing is concerned? Sharp right testicle pain, To scared to go to sleep and its 4am.. Did I have a seizure?  do pulled muscles hurt when you laugh In the last few days what my doctor thinks is a hydrocele has developed in my scrotum. Will it go away over a few days? I fell wrong on my ankle and heard a loud pop. The swelling has gone down, but there is still pain. Sprain or Break? could cramping be a sign of muscular dystrophy, polio or other mucsle disease? I had vaginal hysterectomy surgery when can I do light walking? How will I know if it's too much? asthma After walking in sandals in muddy trail in the carribean, the soles of my feet turned black. How can I make it go away? Tickling sensation at the bottom of my foot If your diagnosed as having a stroke in a clinic, should they send you home and tell you to see your doctor th next day? I have excruciating pain around the top of my LCL especially when putting weight on bended knee. What's best treatment? pain in lower left abdomen almost groin area My wife suffered a stroke. She is in therapy at a rehab center. Will medicade pay for a walkin massage tub for her? I have rocks and dirt in my knee. It's starting to affect my life. What can be done about it? I have recently started falling out of bed and sleepwalking! loss of balance, weak legs should my blood pressure increase after a walk Sudden sharpe calf pain, brought on now if bearing weight while walking..what is this? No redness swelling or warm areas pregnant 9weeks to go and having pelvic pain or the past 4 days cant walk anymore what do i do why does my knee click every time i walk how many calories does walking 1 mile burn Ears clogged for weeks. Draning w/peroxide doesnt work. Are ear candles safe? Procedure in dr office is too painful. I walked into a low hanging wall and bumped my head and now have some internal bleeding coming from the inside of my ear Can x-ray detect hip failure 13 yrs after replacement Does walking precipitate a inguinal hernia? Whether walking on a bunched sock can cause a stress fracture??  Can I walk after I have eaten a meal? I had infection in left upper leg if antibiotics were needed. No idea where in fection came from. back of calf is painful and tender to touch,hurts to walk after getting out of bed,walking upstairs and down  What can be causing severe pain in my heels when I try to walk, especially in the mornings when I first get out of bed? Feet pain from working Can a cortozone shot cause an allergic reaction and if yes, what kind? is walking 3.1 miles nightly for 60 minutes good diabetes for 70 year old man I hit my foot really hard 3 times a week ago and it's still black and it feels like it's on fire plus I can't walk on it My friend fell on a previous stress fracture while skiing last night. Can't walk or put pressure on it what did she do? My friend fell on a previous stress fracture while skiing last night. Can't walk or put pressure on it what did she do? 3 year old/cough for 6 weeks Why does my right calf hurt if I only walk? Broken fibula 5 months ago and finally had surgery and autograft. Docs said ok to put weight after 2wks surg is this ok. Sharp pain in the middle of my lower back? had surgery almost a year ago and im still have problems what should i do? I have been dizzy for two weeks. I walk like I am drunk but I am not a drinker. Walking is now difficult now. 68 year old female with ms, Iron Deficiency Anemia. What health problems may occur? I have a lil lumb over my anus? for a while now i have been real dizzy and it gets worse bending over and cant lay down i almost fall when i walk is numbness around fractured tailbone normal I keep getting pain in my hip when I sit to long or when I drive. Sometimes it shots down my leg.  Dr says no lifting or bending and minimal walking. What exercises can I do with those limitations? I am living in Japan and dont know whom to turn to regarding bladder issues my mother is 43 years old. whenever she walks for two minutes or so her pulse rises. what is triggerig that?  What may be the cause of my left calf muscle to burn when I walk. I do sit for hours at work. can i still walk and ride my bike with a tore acl even though i have been told it needs reconstructed I am 61,been exercising 3.3 miles on treadmill, 4.4 miles on bicycle,and a mile on walking track,everyday-have cold feet When lumbosacral spine clicks/rubbing when walking Hi, I am a 23 year old female. I am not on any diet, I eat everything like I used to.  Is it normal to still have leg swelling almost a year after an injury? After getting another sinus infection I was diagnosed with walking pneumonia as a complication - is this normal?  how many steps equal a mile? how to relieve gas pain and blotting Unexpected increase in appetite Do I have an std or a fungal infection? I am a 25 year old male. I have a draining cyst, since it began to drain other cysts have appeared deep under the skin. l. Should I see a doctor? 7 mth old sons fourth toe curls under the other toes born this way doesnt support weight on it rolls onto side of foot I pulled a muscle in lower back, when walking my leg goes out. knee is very painfull when walking How how long after heart surgery can you resume your normal workout routine? Sprained ankle 8 weeks ago. Still swollen below knob bone pain on side of foot both worsen with any walking; indicates? am 8 weeks pregnant and have difficulty breathing,my heart beat increases after walking few distance/climbing stairs. Issue with knee. I finished my period over a week ago, 3 days later I started to spot and going on 6 days, increasing amounts is this ok am i doing enough to lose weight?  Im a 56 yearsold woman and wanted to know what my heart rate should be when riding a stationary bike at the gym. Why would an mri of your brain be painful and why would you have a hard time standing and walking after the mri? Woman's sex drive manopures What should the calorie intake be for a 47 year old female that is disabled and cannot exercise and weighs 152? With nerve damage from 2 fusions and problems walking, what exercises will help me lose 40 lbs? Also got fibromyalgia Bruised left testicle I hit my ankle on the car after falling off the curb and twist it. Droped 25 inch tv on foot 4 weeks ago. Diagnosed with foot contusion. Still painful to walk. Appox. recovery time? I fell on my heels 3 years ago. It hurt a lot then but it wasn't fractured. Why does it still hurt when I am standing? triple bypass completed 7 months ago need my brother be concerned about exercise increasing my heart rate above 110? Teething I am having terrible knee pain, ER doc said maybe a slight touch of arthirtis, naproxen is not working any ideas Can a Woman have a heart attack and not know it? i fell landed hard on my left knee and ever since i cant put any pressure on it and hurts to walk bend or move.  I had sharp pain under my left brest and could hardly breath what could it be. Lasted 7-8 min w/ bouts of stabbing pain  should you take a decongestant for a dry cough? I have a pain that goes from the leg joint to my ankle-what could it be? Tingling/numbness in left calf, now became crampy, esp when walking. No swelling, heat or red. Comes and goes. Severe. pain on the right side form lower back to abdomen hurts to walk and sit should i go to the doctors pain on the right side form lower back to abdomen hurts to walk and sit should i go to the doctors Tip of middle toe clicks and is loose. Could it be dislocated? Hallucenations while sleeping and sleep walking at 21 years old? What can I do to releive the sciatic pain I have, especially first thing in the morning? heart attack?, having sudden shortness of breath, tightness in chest and back area but doctor thinks its acid reflux.  can i see a walk in clinic at a hospital Fast heart beat after walking 5 feet in distance lupus symptoms High BP, elevated heart rate now low BP, low heart rate how can i help my dog out of depression I rescued a dog and he's depressed and heartworm positive. What can I do to help him with his depression? is it dangerous to be sedated with addisons disease Sciatica  I went for a long 3 hour walk and now have pain behind the knee and arch of my foot. can varicose veins cause this pain? what does ADLS stand for in orthopedics Since I was a teen, I've liked peeing in my pants on purpose in public. How can I stop myself doing this anymore? After a varicose vein surgery (little incisions) should one walk right after the surgery or is it not recommended? Peace of mind, could she be pregnant?  Stabbing pain from ankle to knee my waist has a pain. and it directs to my fingers as electric shock. I have a marble sized inflamed bump between my anus and vagina (to the right.) I'm deydrated but have been drinking water constantly and instantly urinating it out. Also have diarreha, light headed can bronchitis lead to walking pneumonia Is it better to shower after every bowel movement or is this unnecessary? What could cause a very sudden onset of nausea, dizziness, and feeling off balance? No lead in, not on any meds. thx! What causes bladder spasms? i was out jogging last week, and my heart started to hurt, so i stopped and walked, and it went away, should i be worrie is it okay to ride horses while pregnant? I have recently been told following some breathing tests that I have a lung capacity of 80%. I am 53 and worried. I have been having sever knee pain for awhile now. If I bend it, it makes a popping noise and is very painful. HELP! I have pain from the front hip, going down to the front of thigh. any advice? I have jumped from a 4 foot desk and I can barely walk. What do I do??  Do I need to go to emergency room for eye? HELP My left midde buttock, has very sharp pains when i first arise in the mornings, so bad i can hardly walk, then susides how can i rinse my nose after a walk i got allergies? how can i rinse my nose after a walk i got allergies? what would cause my blood pressure stay low after a max stress test How do I train my dog to ask to go out, or how to stop her walking in from the garden to poo indoors. My friend was skateboarding last week and landed wrong. His right knee bent in to the right side.  What doesl it when you have shake yourself to wake up? Should I go to the doctor? *knee cap Injury* Having trouble still what could cause the pain in my right hip when i walk it hurts the top of me leg down to my knee when i touch it?  when in night i shut eyes and think something negative i feel giddiness My husband has a pulse oz of 94 after walking. Would using O2 hurt him? what mg does vyvanse come in my nephew is on 40mg AND he is like a walking zombie on this mg what should i do ? in winter i have cold feet and toes pain,sweeling and redness and can't walk Does hypertension/medicine causing me Eractile Dysfunction ? what is post time for returning to work, I walk all day 