Should I hold off on weight training until I lose weight? My weight has hit a plateau. What do I do? When Im ready to increase the amount of weight Im lifting, how much more weight should I add? How do I know how much weight to lift? How much weight is it OK to gain during pregnancy? If a mother gains too much weight during pregnancy, does that result in a bigger baby? How long should it take to lose baby weight after pregnancy? What is the best diet plan for losing baby weight if you are breastfeeding? What is the best diet plan for losing the baby weight if you are not breastfeeding? Should my goal weight increase when I hit midlife? I leak urine when I laugh, sneeze, or jump. A friend told me that vaginal weights can help. Are they really effective? I am taking Seroquel and gained quite a bit of weight. What is the best diet to follow while taking this medication? Can you actually drop weight and leave it off with fasting? How do you decide what is a healthy size and weight? Is staying a great weight better than sex? Is it safe to weight train when I have pressure in the temple/eye area associated with a sinus infection?  My active 13-year-old daughter has gained a lot of weight this year. She is 5 foot 6 and weighs 198. What should we do? Does it matter how the doctor presents concerns about your weight? I am a 6'3'', 20- year-old male at 175 pounds and want to lose fat and weight. But how do I overcome my fear of food? Why is it important to have a healthy weight before I get pregnant? If I stop taking the birth control pill, will I lose weight? If so, how quickly will I lose the weight?  Are there any known or possible side effects from using a nitric oxide supplement for weight lifting?  My 13-year-old daughter is overweight. How can I help her lose weight? My daughter is 5 years old and obsessed with her weight. Is she developing an unhealthy body image? My 2 year old son is tall for his age, but only 50th percentile for weight. Does that mean he is underweight? What can parents do to start the conversation about their kids' weight? can pacemaker lead cause a chest muscle twitch i sleep better on a camping air matterres than my firm matteress which matteress should i choose as they keep busting Have a dull ache that originated under my Adam's apple. Seems to be better when I'm laying down. Throbs standing up. heavy weight feeling on chest Every time I wake up or lay down I get severe headaches on the back of my head and severe nausea. Help? I do not eat sweets or sugary drinks. I exercise every day but why am I gaining weight? Query about taking statins how can i eat so much, be completely inactive, and still lose weight? how long does thc stay in your fat cells my weight keeps going up, its not my diet or lack of exercise, thyroid test is normal, help?? I am not overweight at all, but I still want to lose about 10 pounds. I eat healthy and exercise often. what can I do? Is it safe to take Thyroid Support by Natra Bio? it works for the reasons i took it, but it IS self prescribed. Why I cannot reduce my waist line and weight even if I do sports everyday? Why is my son losing weight and not even trying How long after a closed rhinoplasty is it safe to resume running and weight lifting exercises? #healthnut i'm 37 year old male six foot 1 inch and weigh 221 pounds, how much should i weigh? How can I rehab a pinched nerve? my dr told me i was in diabetic range, he perscribed me some medicaion and i refuse to take it.  what kind of doctor should i see? How can I reduce my waistline, I'm sixty years old, work out ten hours a week doing cardio, lift weights plus diet? My wrist hurts when weight is put on it after a car accident, what could be wrong? what would be average weight for a 55yearold woman to lift What weighs more, muscle or fat? My 2 y/o's ankle/foot was crushed with heavy steel yesterday. No fracture on Xray. Is an Aircast Walker recommended? I'm 5'4, 26 year old female weighing 180 pounds and I want to lose all excess fat and weight? Yet, I eat when depressed. When doing cardio and weight machines at the gym is better to do the cardio first or the machines? What are early warning signs of type-2 diabeties if you are not obese?  bruise is hot to the touch what should I do? Will a nail grow back if it came out completely due to an injury?  im 29, 295 lbs working out 5 days a week. what calorie intake should i be at to lose weight? As of lately I noticed a sudden weight lost(13lbs), I am always tired/sleeping even after sleeping a great amount. Why can't I gain any weight? We are having some weight gain and growth issues with our 17 month old I'm trying to loose 35 lbs. I'm not hungry and skip breakfast and lunch with teas and fruit. I can't loose any weight. Lost 50lbs since 4/12 injured my back and had surgery in 9/12 and probably again in 12/12. How do I keep the weight off? my daughter keeps loosing weight and she is not trying to , she feels sick when she tries to eat how do i know if i have broken a bone ? what are the symtoms for diabetes, I'm white,over weight and both sides of my family have it,too many to count. Was at gym. On ab crunch machine, pushed too heavy weight and felt a pop in my stomach. Felt like something stuck out. i've gone from a 10 to a 16 in the last year and have to get this weight off, but i'm starving all the time I have a very high metabolism and I can't gain weight. How can I lower my metabolism while exercising more? Why a healthy person keeps having blocked artery? can type 1 diabetics gain weight using yeast pills? I have lost 40lbs (my goal) but most of that weight was everywhere but my stomach. Why is that and what can I do? what is the way of reducing weight for 18 years old boy if he doesnt want to exercise at all? Are there any sexual postion that you could suggest that are less painful for chronic neck and back pain? Is it safe to use Vigormax supplement for premature ejaculation and vitality in sex? I am a 26 year old male ht. 5'5" wt.42kg. I want to increase my weight in a healthy way.please advise. does herina affect digestion and assimilation? If I have trouble gaining weight because of my low appetite, would a higher intake of the hormone leptin help? why can i not extend my arms straight My 15mo son walks and plays normally then will suddenly have an issue with leg. Won't put any weight on it. my two year old has had diarrhea for at least 6 months. Three doctors we've seen aren't worried. I AM! please help! is it safe to take 2 50 mg of seroquel with 75 mg of zoloft? Is a Vegetarian diet efficient for weight loss? Or a diet that limits meats? are fruit smoothies bad Hit in an arm repaired with plates from fractures 10 years ago. It doesn't hurt but aches with weight. Plate damaged? While taking my blood pressure, do I listen for dystolic until I hear NO heartbeat, or until it gets faint? how long for diabetes in dogs to affect their eyes? We can't seem to get consistent glucose readings Some of friends noticed that I look thinner but I regularly check my weight and it's still at 110-120lbs. Am I sick? what are the side affects of taking 3 to 5 times recomended otc probiotic would it cause unhealthy weight loss 33 year old male. Lump below jaw. Recurring staff infections on hands and feet. Significant loss in weight. My body temp has been at 94.2-96.8 of and on for over a week. other than hypothermia what could cause this? I have elevated cortisol levels. How can I keep my weight in check? My left leg has a very deep acheing pain that hurts worse when I try to walk. It almost feels like my bone will break How much a 20yr old girl who is 4'9, 88.5 pds is normal or under weight? Could she get pregnant at this weight n height? after getting to goal weight, can you switch from low carb to calorie counting? I gained 103 lbs during my pregnancy. Can my doctor perscribe me diet pills? I feel I geninley need them. can athletes get sick going outside immediately after working out? what is calorie deficit? why are sweets easier to digest? What causes the head and arms to jerk constantly,even in sleep,which produces pain? How much calories should I be eating? So Confused.. healthl diet with weight loss Is it possible to be pregnant from being fingered after a guy cums? My period is 6 days late!  I haven't had my period since Oct ( now Dec). Is it possible im pregnant even though im over weight? Can you still eat carbs, legumes and dairy and still lose weight it seems like the answer is no based on expert studies I am full time college student want to lose some weight, been having anxiety attacks. Is it still okay to exercise? webmd's metabolsim calculator How much force/pressure can the testes withstand? Am I pregnant, having a miscarriage, or is this just nothing to worry about? Can my low blood sugars be the cause of significant weight gain? My son was born premature/was 6 wk early when can I start giving him cereal/baby food? What should my son eat when it hurts to eat? (He's dangerously underweight) can weight loss cause high blood pressure? Whenever I gargle, be it mouthwash or tap water, i am overcome with a choking feeling and end up vomiting.  To loss weight do you have to burn more calories than you eat a day? Or do you still have to have 1200 unburned calories im 37 low thyroid on 200mcg sythroid can't drop weight? any suggestions.  How do I gain weight? Is bee pollen safe to use for weight loss? Yesterday i checked my weight and it was 54 and when i checked today it said 51 in different scale is it possible? Is it possible for a therapeutic overdose of Synthroid to cause weightloss? why do my outer most toes go numb and turn purple at times during Taekwondo (barefoot) and even at home? what to do for a child on vyvanse with weight loss What is the ideal weight for a 15 year old female that is 5'7"? how long does it take to see a change in weight after taking 300mg/day of raspberry ketones Can protein shakes help my 17 year old son gain weight? My 4yr has very large belly but doesn't eat that much. Is something else going on inside her? I have severe pain from knee down swelling and unexplained bruises on leg and my feet are like ice all the time 7 weeks ago, someone came down on my outer calf playing basketball. The bone is not broken but the muscle is still sore. what is a comfortable position for intercourse for an over weight man How to gain weight How to gaint weight I'm a female: age, 19; weight, 101 lbs; height, 5'8. I want a BMI of 19. What should my diet look? My TRIGLYCERIDES are EXTREMELY high, 7,420 !!! That's right, SEVEN THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED TWENTY!!! 50 yr female over weight smoker recently started having deep indentions in my lower leg above the ankle from my socks , Started working my legs are swelling I am on high-blood medications my wife weighs 242lbs, she only eats about 1500 calories a day and excercises. why can't she lose weight? What causes a period to stop for six months or more three years in a row? Why does the my food not taste as good as it used to? I HAVE TYPE 2 DIABETES AND AM TAKING 3 METFORMIN PILLS A DAY. WHAT SHOULD THE NORMAL SUGAR LEVEL BE Left Shoulder made a small pop/ grind when lifting weights augmentin pediatric dosage Would having a 10lb baby would put me at high risk in future pregnancies?  I have a sharp pain in arch of left foot when I begin to crouch down, and sometimes when walking.  Could my daughter have a health issue?  What can I do to gain back my missing pounds and feel healthy again? What's causing me to be tired all day everyday? your portion size guides...are you talking cooked or raw weight of the proteins? I have recently joined a gym, how long until I see results from my work out?  What time of day is the best to take prenatal vitamins? I'm trying to lose some weight and get pregnant. at what age is it appropriate to use whey protein in weight training? my girlfriend has been losing a lot of weight lately. She eats normally and doesnt work out a lot. What's going on? The bottom of my feet are numb - sugar check fine , no high BP , good weight ..what could cause this ? I cannot gain weight and am becoming too skinny. How to loose male breasts? how to log weight into food/fitness planner? How do I keep from waking up hungry? Is the reason why I can't lose weight and keep it off because of my family history of obesity? Can i have a diet plan to gain my weight? Is there a minimum weight you need to be to take birth control? How to gain weight back from unexpected weight loss, also having fatigue and nausea? is it okay to eat two organic kiwis, apples, or bananas daily? i am very active and trying to gain healthy weight.  I have lost about 60 pounds and my skin seems loose. I've been walking and swimming. What can I do? how much does a toe to knee foberglass leg cast weight? I work out at least 3x a week, every week. I've added running to my regimen, and gained 10 lbs!! Why??!!! Please help!! Can I give my daughter (She weights 30 pounds ) Bromfed DM syrup along with Ibuprofen? Will circumcision cause weight loss in baby? Why do I keep gaining massive amounts of weight in a short period of time? Ive been trying to loose wgt for mths with no results. I exer. have made my eat habit healthier. why cant I loose weight when you can't digest food What causes a burning pain in the inside of my left knee? I have negative calories every day, like 1K. Is that why I am not losing weight? can you lose weight and have diarrhea while having an ovarian cyst? Is any exercise safe while taking Cipro? How long after 30 days of treatment should I wait before working with weights? I weight lift and have firmer muscles that do not get larger. Why? I have lost a lot of weight due to stress/depression. What can I take to help me gain my weight back? I have untreated Gonorrrhea, its now over 10 years. I have become frail, but my weight has not change. From the age of 31 I have had very few periods. I have had one proper one, and a handful of very small bleeds. How do I lose the last 10 pounds? I eat relatively health vegetarian and stay active. Am not overweight, but not ideal. What is an average weight of foreskin removed at circumcision I wrestled in high school and cut a lot of wieght. Now I am worried I have caused low testosterone in my body. why a high-carbohydrate diet opposed to a low-carbohydrate diet is beneficial for someone wishing to lose body weight. rolled ankle, swelling went down, it is still very painful, have a soft lump on the top of foot, cant walk after rest,  why is it that now im off my diet i cant eat regular food without throwing up?  I have testicular atrophy and erection problems from prohormone. Can my body fix itself? Should I eat more when I've increased my exercise? Plateaued weight loss, wondering if Im not eating enough.  Can rubbing genitals naked get me pregnant? No ejaculation. It's been 2wks; boobs got bigger+weight. Paranoid or preg? 26 yrs, M, 60kg, 172cm. Problem: I lose weight if I don't do exercise. 8 yr old has shown signs of early puberty.Xray shows rate 10 yr old.He is of average height/weight (63/70),Concerned? Can too much Vitamin B and Folic Acid be detrimental to weight loss? I'm 19y/white/male. I've had no sort of check up in years; what should I get a checkup on to make sure I'm healthy? can i lose weight going on a sugar free diet? I have a boil conditon that mainly occurs under my breasts and my pants line I don't know what causes it can anyone help What sort of exercise can a handicapped person do who is morbidly obese and fighting several ailments? 47 and have a painless hard lump below my left knee that came 2 days ago.I have a ligament tear on that knee.What is it? Why am I obsessed with eating disorders and losing weight? How can i keep my skin tight as i loose a lot of weight. Is it possible to have too few calories in a day? How many cups of food should a woman eat in a meal? Fell from a tree and experiencing back pain and cannot put weight on one leg, is it bruised or broken? what is tthe normal ideal weight for a 16 month old girl? i have one and she is 19lbs and 6 oz  I recently found stretch marks on my bottom after having sex. How can I get rid of them or will they go away? How much longer until my nicked achilles tendon heals? Can being over weight cause arthritis in your feet? Seconday amenorrhea with normal hormone panel i'm18 teens young male. my highr 5'6 feet weight 49 KG so how i want to gain it..plz tell me sir... what cause extreme water gain I am 16, female.Eating 1300-1500 calories,cardio/strength 1 1/2 hr and drinking water daily. Why can't I lose weight? I recently lost 20 lbs because I wasn't hungry not eating. Now I'm hungry all the time I eat alot but can't gain weight when will my heart rate go back to normal after exercise Why does birth control cause you to gain weight? If more than four hours between breakfast(0530) and lunch(~0900) leads to being dizzy/nauseous. Concern? 19 year old female, synthroid .25 for approximately one year and my symptoms are still not alleviating. Why is this? Can immobilization of right leg from pilon fracture cause pain in lower right abdomen since I have lack of movement? Is it normal for 6y boy to play with his self. He is going to his room and under bed covers is playing with self. I'm a 21 year old man and I have few too many feminine features, should I seek help? I am not able to increase my weight. is protein bad for 16 year old kids in sports like westling that weigh 190 to gain muscle mass and lose some weight Can those who are obese suffer from anorexia as well? Hi i,m a women that's 25 I went to my OBGYN and I was told that I have high testosterone is there any way to lower it Till when should we continue hypertension medicine Sudden gain of weight....pls help I am under weight. I try everything but nothing works what does it mean when i wake up lethargic and have loss of weight? how can i put weight on? i have a fast metabolism  Lowering my testosterone I am 5'5'' at 115-120 lbs and 19 yrs old. I noticed a horizontal line across the bottom of my stomach. what is it? What is the best way to gain weight after being diagnossed with Chronic pancreatitis? I'm 6'2", was 210lbs, lost 38lbs. 2 years later I have lost down to 160 lbs with no diet. Is this new lose dangerous? Is there possibility for me to make a full recovery after i quit from such a history of drug use? how long will it take? my penis get shrink once start intercourse Are there any dangerous side effects between prozac and weight loss pills? How much biotin should I take to loose weight? Why can't I lose weight? baby weight torn shoulder blade muscle what is normal weight range for at 6 year old girl Hi question i had a miscarriage about a month ago and since then instead of losing the weight I am gaining weight help!! will the toe nail grow back if the whole things has been pulled off from the nail bed? my son gained a lot of weight and now has shortness of breath coming up stairs and walking...is this weight or heart??? How much weight can you lift after a hysterectomy? how does someone with ulcerative colitis gain weight? why do i get pain in the elbow area after lifting weights? What is NSF? I lift weights on the regular and my strength goes up but I am not getting bigger and am loosing weight, why? does weight loss make your skin itch does weight loss make your skin itch i need to reduce my weight wts the food which i have to take to burn my calories soon fasting sugar levle of 12 years old son I'm 39 and have been experienceing what seems like hot flashes with an elevated heart rate. premenapausal? Should blood pressure be high after exercise Can I be pregnant?  Knee pain when bending/running My father is having a heart problem and hes over weight. Which exercises would you suggest for him to lose weight? What med works best for depression and paranoid tendencies? Exercise and Diet for 7 months and no weight changes.. up or down Can bad blood circulation cause small penis girth (for an adult)?  I'm almost 19 and my period has never regulated. I generally get it every 2 to 4 months, should I be worried? High metabolism and need to gain weight How can i lose weight? I'm 22,weight 47kg.I am under weight,i want to gain weight. Also I want to stop the bad habit of masterburating.pls help . Do I need to worry or see a doctor? 66, female, active, no extr weight, down a pk to 3 cigs day,no drink or med-prob  How to stay eating healthy? Sudden sharpe calf pain, brought on now if bearing weight while walking..what is this? No redness swelling or warm areas I weigh 180 pounds and I want to lose 30 pounds. What is the fastest, yet halthiest way I can achieve this?  Will replacing full sugar soda with diet soda help one lose weight? i even cannot lift a cup when i am in a social gathering like meeting or lunch What would cause excessive sweating and heat intolerance? Is gaining weight and hemorroids a sign of menopause? can u give a child Simply Garcinia My hand has a sharp pain when weight is put on it. my husband says my vaginal area smells like a wet diaper! why? I'm 55, overweight,postmenopausal,no bladder issues. how can constipation affect your body weight? Is it normal for my weight to flucuate 2-3 lbs during the day?  is low body temperature and lethargy dangerous for an over weight toddler with down syndrome ? I dislocated my elbow about 10 years ago. Does having a damaged nerve contribute to how nervous you get? what is healthy weight for 55" tall 8 year old girl Why does my weight change after a short workout? Is the number before or after accurate? i found dark spots on breasts....pink in colour at starting and turns into dark...no pain,no icthing.plz help what can you take if you have anemia Type II Diabetes and Sudogest what kind of diet should i be on? What is my chance of ever getting pregnant? how does the amount of time weight training affect muscle gain? how to maintain weight with light exercise Back upper calf popped now is very painful and does not support my weight. What could have happened Can I self-diagnose PCOS? I have abnormal cells but can't afford recommended CT scan. Are there cheaper options? 45 year old male. How much protein should I have a day?  i have wrist pains i need help gaining weight my dr wants me to be on a low fat diet. my daughter disagree i weight 75 lbs ive lost 5 lbs Im 5,3 130 pounds girl 20 trying to get to 110 Son was dianosed with atypical growth hormone deficiency. Is growth hormone therapy safe? Insurance denied coverage. Should you apply heat or ice to a shoulder ligament strain?  Broken fibula 5 months ago and finally had surgery and autograft. Docs said ok to put weight after 2wks surg is this ok. what are some home remedies for height growth naturally but nave no sideeffects? Can my doctor put me on a steroid regiment? I've already purchased the steroids Weight and anti depressants Knuckle is swollen and red and there is a lot of pain and stiffness. I do not seem to have a bite. Going on for 4 days. My 15 yr. old son has scoliosis. His curve is about 30 degrees. Is it safe for him to lift weights? How do I know how much weight I should be lifting? what is a healthy weight for a woman who is 5'3? Could I have cracked or broken my ankle? My body structure is very weak and feeble and feeling weakness. I am a 16 year old male. I am 6'1 ish. My father is 6'0. My mother is 5'4. Can I grow taller? Just curious. What is a healthy weight for a woman who is 5' 2" and 18 years old?  What can cause severe lower back pain in the right hip area? my docter just put me on a 600 calorie diet. Is it safe? my daughter is 12yrs and 4'10" high. what should be her normal weight? i take junel fe almost every day. had unprotected sex once i started placebos havent gotten period in 5 days since. Could my child's shortness of breath be related to him being over weight somewhat? Can i use MaxLight for loss weight? should i lift weights if i have a sprained ankle.. life squats, dealfits or bench press  cushing syndrome prozac I am going through menopause and cant seem to gain any weight. I am 5'2" and 98 lbs. I have no appetite at all. HELP! I am 163 inches tall (5'3") and weigh 139.5 lbs (63kgs), no reduction in my weight Unexpected increase in appetite Low free T4 - .08 elevated liver function - cholesterol up from 169 to 225 in 16 months. Gained 15 lbs no reason. Can lifting weights/weight traning at ages 13-14 stunt growth?  I am 65. For 1.5 yrs have suffered with ED. Am on both HBP, and cholesterol meds, for 20 years. Tried Cialis-no luck. I am 26 and weigh 330lbs. with PCOS and high blood pressure, where do I begin with weight lost? what is ideal level of hydration? Is there a formula regarding height and weight????????? can i loose weight while on depo shot Is running with ankle weights bad for you? I'm not a regular smoker of marijuana. I took 3 hits of a joint. Will I be clean in 4 days? I'm 50lbs. overwieght. I exercise 2 hours a day. What amount of calories should I be consuming? Low or High calories? Is there a diet plan for rheumatoid arthritis patients on prednisone? can someone who has thyroid are they able to get weight loss surgery 7 mth old sons fourth toe curls under the other toes born this way doesnt support weight on it rolls onto side of foot im in 4th month pregnant now.i reduced 2 kilos of weight.is there any risk? female trying to lose 170lb how many calories below BMR would be safe to eat daily? Eating healthy=stuffed morn 2 night I'm trying to join the marines and have to make weight. How much water can I safely lose to get down to my weight? am i doing enough to lose weight?  I am 4'11'' weight 123 Lbs and waist is 36 inch. I want to reduce my belly. Please advise me the right process to follow I am expiriencing a tingly hot sensation in my middle upper back.Could this be lung cancer?I hurt my arm with weights. A CAT scan showed that I have a fatty liver. What can I do to change my lifestyle to resolve the situation? I exercise and eat right, very healthy. Not overweight per se but need to lose abdominal fat, drop about 15 lbs Is there a reason or codition for why I never feel full when I eat? Even a huge meal, I'm never full. I am overweight. My mom put me on a 600 calories a day diet and since then I've been getting bad headaches. Is the diet the cause? What is an ideal weight for a 24 year old female who is 5'4"? 16 year old girl, 5' 6", wants to maintain weight of 114, is gluten/lactose intolerant. How many calories daily? I think i am underweight. I eat a lot but still i do not gain weight. Whats the reason for this? I've just started taking birth control, could it be causing my chest pains and headaches? am i too big too soon? why am I unsucessful in TTC? Besides medication for blood pressure what is my next move? How to get off of Diet pills? Is there anything I can do during the process of losing weight that will reduce the potential of sagging skin? Juvenile diabetes My 14 yr old daughter has high cholesterol but normal triglycerides. Also rapid weight gain at puberty, stretch mark  When can I begin lifting weights and working out? What if you can't get a person who you think has a concussion to go to the doctor? I am 29 year old female ht. 5'3" wt.44kg. I want to increase my weight in a healthy way. What is the best way to reduce prednisone weight when on 120mg a day? Im 43 and having a very hard time looosing weight. any suggestions? Is the blood pressure reading of about 130/75, consistently, for a 23 year old overweight female good or bad? what should be done when after birth the placenta is attached to uterus Can't lose weight while taking lexapro. I have never had weight problem and I go to exercise class 3-4 times a week.  Can rapid weight loss actually be causing me to have higher blood pressure? I cant gain weight, I eat a ton of food and dont gain a pound. WHY! why is bladder leaking when wearing tampon I am 4'11 ,17 years old , and 100 pounds im trying to loose 5 pounds how many calories should i eat ? How long does 5 puffs of marijuana last in system for one time smoker  is it dangerous to be sedated with addisons disease Gym and masturburation. exorcise and diet have no effect, im 32 and cant gain weight been 110 pounds since 14 no illness or eating disorder hlp Is it normal to miss period for 60 days due to HIIT workout and will it affect me  what can i do to prevent perimenopause weight gain What is cause of sudden intense head ache while straining physically?  Problems keeping an erection Is it possible for one's stomach to expand to an enormous size after years of binging? I have never felt full. My erection is not hard. I ejaculate before penetration. I am afraid of sex now. I am a porn addict. What should I do? What is the name for severe nerve pain in thigh? what is the maximum amount of weight a pregnant woman can lift? gfg Blackline Elite Kikckboxing is really helpfull than Aerobics. Suggest me which one is more effective? I have almost all the symptoms of a Thyroid condition, my bloodwork cont. to state that I am within an acceptable range. what does it mean wheni dont get my period does grapfruit help you loose weight does grapfruit help you loose weight i want to loose 10 pounds I used to masturbate a lot ( usually daily some times 2-3 times a day ) .Now Facing premature Ejecluation and low libido can i take fluoxetine to gain weight? It's not immaculate conception is it? Blood in vaginal fluid PIC Should I be concerned? Why do i have extrem acid reflux and feel sick all the time as well as wind and discomfort 67 yrs. old, weight 320 lbs., bmi 47,taken belviq no avail and take prozac. eat all day even when not hungry. need help What to eat with HSP? http://www.musclegainhelp.com/elite-test-360/ what beta blockers do not cause weight increase To make stronger physique and body muscles? ihow do i loose 60 pounds and dark stretch marks in a month? Does lifting weights at 15 stunt your growth? My LDL is 201. My total cholesterol is 263. My weight is 139, Never smoked. Should I take medication? how many carbs should i eat each day? Are there natural supplements that can increase a man's testosterone level? I'm tired more often than not. Why? Why am I not losing Inches? After testicular cancer in 1998, I have low T. Prostate cancer 2 in 2012. How can I do increase energy w/o T therapy? I seem to get a lot of nightmares at night if I workout a bit too much .I would like to know what is causing that?? is it safe to do body weight squats while pregnant How much weight can I loose if I stop drinking 8 cans of Pepsi a day ?? How important is it to maintain proper form when weight lifting? 