is thewhite 25mg.xanax stronger than 0.5 yellow  i do not know  I have had gerd and it has never caused increased heart rate. I think you should have your heart checked asap. It could be heart trouble, so consider calling a ambulance to the nearest emergency room. It is better to be safe than worry about looking foolish. Too many people die because of that reason.  Hello MissChung,  I would practice breathing techniques to help me relax on a daily bases .  NO  This is a sign of Anxiety Disorder or maybe something else. The best thing you could do would be to contact a doctor and be seen as soon as possible. It is not pleasant to feel this way and I hope you get better.  Anaphylaxis develops rapidly within minutes to a few hours after exposure to a provoking trigger. The quicker anaphylaxis develops, usually the more severe the reaction. Most cases of anaphylaxis are not life threatening, but it can be fatal. Anaphylaxis is a severe, whole-body allergic reaction. Chemicals are released from cells in the body when they are exposed to a trigger. The trigger can be a variety of substances such as bee venom, a medication, or a food. Anaphylaxis may begin with severe itching of the eyes or face and, within minutes, progress to more serious symptoms. These symptoms may include difficulty breathing, swallowing, diarrhea, hives, abdominal pain, and swelling underneath the skin (angioedema). Anaphylactic shock is the most severe form of anaphylaxis and causes low blood pressure and difficulty breathing. The chemicals released as part of the allergic reaction cause blood vessels to dilate or swell. Circulation and respiratory failure can occur. The reaction may be fatal if emergency treatment is not given immediately. Generally, with treatment, anaphylactic symptoms resolve. However, there can be a reoccurrence of symptoms that develops without another exposure to the trigger. This second reaction has been reported to develop in up to 23 percent of initial anaphylactic episodes in adults. The second reaction typically occurs within 8 to 10 hours after the initial symptoms have resolved, although recurrences up to 72 hours later have been reported. In extreme cases, protracted anaphylaxis has occurred which lasts for hours, days, or even weeks. Talk with your doctor about your symptoms and concerns. Anaphylaxis is not always easily diagnosed because the symptoms are varied and can mimic other conditions. Anaphylactic reactions typically occur when a trigger is re-introduced. The body becomes sensitized to the trigger. Since you have had reactions to medications and are re-starting a medication, you may want to take the first dose of the medication at your doctors office so that you can be monitored. When it comes to anaphylaxis, the smart thing to do is to be cautious and seek immediate attention.  Hi - I had anxiety & panic attack for over 25 years. One of the things that I found that really did help me was to do "reality" checks. I would ask myself questions that I could easily answer - things like - where am I, what am I wearing, (if out) - where am I going and what do i want/need to do?   Your reaction to finding lump in your breast is completely understandable and normal. I believe that your anxiety is really fear. Anxiety and fear are interrelated conditions. Anxiety causes fear and fear causes anxiety. But there are differences. Anxiety is a common emotion that is usually due to some vague feeling of apprehension without an obvious threat. An example might be walking down a dark street alone at night and feeling afraid. Fear on the other hand is an emotional response to a definite threat. For example, someone approaches you on that same dark street and says, Stick them up. Now you have a real threat and are justifiability fearful. That lump in your breast was a real threat and must be considered as a legitimate fear. Once that fear is totally removed, your anxious feelings should subside. Until you get a clean bill of health from your 2nd opinion physician, please attempt to direct your focus on the results of your first opinion. Enjoy life, enjoy your family, and have fun. I hope that your wait to hear positive news this week is swift and that your emotional health is instantly restored.   It surely must be a great challenge to endure 24/7 symptoms of anxiety and depression. The positive parts that I gleam from your question are that you already have a diagnosis and also possess some insight into your mood disorders. So at least youre not starting from point zero. Yes, you should be assessed and reenter treatment. It is not unusual for your conditions to go into a state of remission and suddenly erupt with an invigorated vengeance. Some individuals actually go through cyclical periods of depression and anxiety (like during the fall season when there is less light).They automatically seek treatment during certain times of the year even before overt symptoms appear. It is also common for people who suffer from depression to have anxiety attacks fueled by depression and folks who suffer from bouts of anxiety to also be clinically depressed. These two emotional states work in harmony to reap havoc in the lives of those afflicted. You deserve to feel well and have a joyful life. With talk therapy and medications, you can be relieved of this tormenting disorder. By seeking treatment as soon as possible, your recovery should be swift and your prognosis promising.   You are correct in suspecting that the Paxil is no longer working at controlling your conditions. Many of the SSRI's, including Zoloft and Prozac, have the same quality of no longer working after a period of therapeutic symptom improvement. After several years of reliable benefit, these SSRI's may even begin to heighten the anxiety symptoms. I would not recommend taking Abilify. It has been shown to have many serious side-effects including affecting blood sugar results. While I understand that you do not want to give-up on a drug that once was effective, it is probably best to try another medicine.  I have taken 600 mg. of this medication, 3x's per day, for over 15 years for back pain. Neurontin is an anti seizure medication. As with some other prescriptions, a doctor may prescribe a medication for disorders other than their original intended use. This practice is referred to as "OFF-LABEL". I am very familiar with this medication and its uses but have not heard of Neurontin being used to treat anxiety or depression. Although I am not an expert, there is nothing to stop a doctor from prescribing Neurontin for depression or anxiety. The link below will access a WebMD article describing Neurontin (Gabapentin) in more detail. http://www.webmd.com/drugs/mono-8217-GABAPENTIN+-+ORAL.aspx?drugid=9845&drugname=neurontin+oral   That Xanax medication prescribed to you back in 2011 should still be safe and effective. A federal law was passed in 1979 requiring manufacturers of medications to assign product expiration dates. This date was intended to provide the consumer with a time deadline that ensured full potency and drug safety. Sometime after creating the 1979 law, a study was reported to have occurred by the FDA in response to a U.S. military quandary. The government maintained (and probably still does) a large stockpile of expensive medications (prescription and over-the counter types) and had to dispose of and replace these drugs every few years. The results of the study showed that 90% of the more than 100 drugs looked at were absolutely safe and effective for usage even after 15 years past their assigned expiration date. Many pharmacologic experts believe that expired drugs are safe to take, even those that expired some years ago. Although the potency of a drug may decrease over time, much of the original potency still remains intact even a decade after the expiration date. With the possible exceptions of insulin, liquid antibiotics, and nitroglycerin, most medications have long shelf lives just as the ones tested by the FDA for the military. If the medication is stored in a dry, cool, and darkened container, its potency and overall safety should remain for years beyond the stamped manufactures expiration date. There are many anecdotal web accountings swearing that just about all medications are still safe and effective well beyond the expiration date stamped on their bottle or box. Even my bottle of spring water that was purchased last week shows a stamp text indicating... Best By 04/08/16. I know that water is not the same as medication, but Id drink that unopened bottle of water after 4/8/16 and use the past expiration Xanax pills. I'd fully expect to experience no negative consequences. I am not saying to stock-pile medications for usage beyond their expiration dates. Admittedly when possible, it is a good practice to follow the manufacturers expiration date and throw-out outdated medications. But in a pinch, using medications past their expiration dates for a brief period of time should not present a health danger. It is also important to realize that at best these dates may be well intended, but perhaps arbitrarily assigned without sufficient scientific testing.   Some medications may produce unintentional and paradoxical reactions. According to some pharmacological studies, Illogical responses such as violent behavior, nervousness, and aggressiveness can occur while being treated with Xanax . These conditions are seen more frequently in the very young or older patient. The changes in your husband's personality should be reported to the Xanax prescribing doctor for their assessment.   Whether the ER doctor prescribes medication for panic attacks varies according to their medical training, their comfort level in treating anxiety type psychiatric disorders, and their overall individual philosophy. One study determined that 17% of patients reporting to a hospital emergency room were experiencing a panic attack. Many time chest pains thought to be a heart attack signal upon ER arrival end up being a panic attack. The doctor must assess the patient, correctly diagnosis panic attack, and make a determination if medication should be given to treat the condition. When medication is determined to be the treatment option some choices may include IM injections and/or pills including: anti-anxiety drugs like alprazolam. Several antidepressants such as paroxetine may also be considered. Also available is a newer selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor group of medications such as (Citalopram (Brand name: Celexa) Fluoxetine (Brand names: Prozac, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Selfemra) Fluvoxamine maleate (Brand name: Luvox) Paroxetine / Paroxetine mesylate (Brand names: Paxil, Pexeva) Sertraline (Brand name: Zoloft). Also available are the older tricyclic drugs and monoamine oxidase inhibitors for treating panic disorder such as Amitriptyline (Elavil) Protriptyline (Vivactil) Desipramine Norpramin) Nortriptyline (Aventyl or Pamelor) Trimipramine (Surmontil) Perphenazine (Triavil). Even though so many medications are available to treat panic attacks in the ER, and many more come are in the works for being approved, patients many times are not given any medication to treat the panic symptoms.   Individuals afflicted with social anxiety tend to worry about being judged by others (especially peers). There may be feelings of being rejected coupled with a lack of self-esteem. As a young child, this trait is probably rooted in our genetics and protective in nature. It is part of the normal growth and development process. Children in this stage may be referred to as being shy . Most young children and adolescents outgrow this condition as they enter into adulthood. Where you go to meet friends is wide open. Depending on your age, some places to meet friends may include: school, clubs, sporting activities, the work place, and church to name a few. Volunteering to help others is a great way to meet new people while contributing to the community. Think about joining a speech club. Many members of these clubs start out feeling nervous about engaging in public speaking activities and possibly to speaking in smaller social settings. These club members are usually very supportive and enjoy helping newer participants overcome their speaking fears by developing overall self-confidence characteristics. Take a personal inventory to determine outside- of -the- house activities that you enjoy and look for an opportunity to participate. Many local newspapers dedicate column space to advertising upcoming neighborhood events and meetings. Yes, some individuals with social anxiety tendencies may best respond to talk therapy and/or medication. But overcoming social anxiety disorder is a process that involves having a small number of interpersonal triumphs and building on their success. Practice looking people in the eye and greeting them warmly. Say good morning to neighbors, colleagues at school and work, and even to people at the grocery store while waiting in line. The risks are worth the rewards. These positive experiences tend to promote a sense of confidence. From that added confidence, we tend to develop more competence in our social exchanges. The pay-off of your risk taking is that a nice positive circle of social interactions should occur. Your self-image and self-esteem will improve resulting in a more enriched life.   Individuals afflicted with social anxiety tend to worry about being judged by others (especially peers). There may be feelings of being rejected coupled with a lack of self-esteem. As a young child, this trait is probably rooted in our genetics and protective in nature. It is part of the normal growth and development process. Children in this stage may be referred to as being shy . Most young children and adolescents outgrow this condition as they enter into adulthood. Where you go to meet friends is wide open. Depending on your age, some places to meet friends may include: school, clubs, sporting activities, the work place, and church to name a few. Volunteering to help others is a great way to meet new people while contributing to the community. Think about joining a speech club. Many members of these clubs start out feeling nervous about engaging in public speaking activities and possibly to speaking in smaller social settings. These club members are usually very supportive and enjoy helping newer participants overcome their speaking fears by developing overall self-confidence. Take a personal inventory to determine outside- of -the- house activities that you enjoy and look for an opportunity to participate. Many local newspapers dedicate column space to advertising upcoming neighborhood events and meetings. Yes, some individuals with social anxiety tendencies may best respond to talk therapy and/or medication. But overcoming social anxiety disorder is a process that involves having a small number of interpersonal interactions triumphs and building on their success. Practice looking people in the eye and greeting them warmly. Say good morning to neighbors, colleagues at school and work, and even to people at the grocery store while waiting in line. The risks are worth the rewards. These positive experiences tend to promote a sense of confidence. From that added confidence, we tend to develop more competence in our social exchanges. The pay-off of your risk taking is that a nice positive circle of social interactions should occur. Your self-image and self-esteem will improve resulting in a more enriched life.  You may be correct in suspecting paxil. With that said, my suggestion is to stop all medications and obtain instuctions from your prescribing physicians.If you cannot reach the presciber(s) within a short period of time due to office volume or the hoidays, perhaps your pharamist can phone the doctor(s), report your symptoms, and receive clear instructions on actions to be taken.   One of your questions is," Are these (symptoms) just the effects of stress?" I don't think that they are just stress related. You are also not "crazy" as suggested in your post. Schizophrenic individuals for example feel that their hallucinations are real while you definitely live in a state of reality in being aware that you are daydreaming. Maladaptive daydreaming (preoccupation with daydreaming where large blocks of daily time are spent fantasying) ) is not well understood by many medical professionals. Its cause is unknown. Some of your symptoms like feeling paranoid, intense and complex daydreaming (can be so realistic that its as though you're reading a novel), and feeling anxious can all be related to the one disorder, Maladaptive Daydreaming. Here's what you can do: With talk therapy and medications, you can decrease these unwanted chucks of wasted time being taken away from what should be a productive day. I am optimistic about your future.  It is possible to receive Social Security Disability (SSDI) or Supplemental Security Benefits (SSI) based upon your medical and emotional conditions. Do not listen to those well-meaning people who may say that your diagnoses will not qualify you for disability. You do not have to have a terminal disease to become eligible for disability. The waiting process for approval can range from 6 months to several years so you must be ready to live without a regular pay check for some time. You must also be incapable of doing any gainful work. If you feel that you cannot continue to work, it is recommended to start the application process immediately. If approved, your original application date will be used to establish the approval date and possible retroactive benefits. You may also think about contacting an attorney specializing in helping folks to obtain disability benefits. The application process can be cumbersome and becomes a living, legal document which will be used to assess your eligibility. Attempting to correct mistakes or supply missing documentation later is not recommended. Treat the application responsibility and do it right the first time. If it seems like too much work, then it is best to forget applying. The application should be initiated as correctly and completely as possible the first time. You should begin to start a daily diary detailing your activities of daily living and your medical and emotional symptoms experienced . You should also gather all of your medical records from each medical professional that has provided you with medical care. Attempt to secure the backing of your primary care doctor as well as other medical specialists to support your disability claim. They may be able to provide you with a letter attesting to your being completely disabled. Also seek a letter from your employer stating their observance of you being unable to complete your job responsibilities due to your disabilities. Letters from other people testifying that they are aware of your physical and emotional decline may also be useful. The majority of people are denied at the first step of the approval process. But with a legitimate disability being adequately documented and by following the above guidelines, eventual disability approval is possible with your clinical conditions.   Diverticulitis is thought to be caused by a lack of fiber in the diet. As we get older, pressure on the intestine walls increases causing pain, cramping, constipation, and bloating. There is no mention by the medical community that depression, stress, or anxiety contributes to the development of diverticulitis. With that said, I have my own opinion on the subject. That is: the body is a wonderful machine that best operates when all organs are working at peak efficiency and in a synergistic manner. Being anxious, depressed, and full of stress are emotional conditions that negatively influence our overall health, including the development of diverticulitis symptoms. Here are some suggestions to consider: I believe that our psychological well-being affects our overall physical well-being.  The first thing to understand is that "It's not just in your head." You're not hallucinating, you are not delusion, and you are not experiencing illusions. You feel what you feel. Secondly, a person can have physical conditions and be experiencing an emotional decline at the same time.Yes,there is a close relationship between the mind and the body. But the bottom line is not to just dismiss your physical symptoms as being attributable to psychological reasons. Nobody by just reading your question could properly diagnosis your case. With that said, I will attempt to provide you with some non-professional advise based upon my experience in the medical, counseling, and mental health fields as follows: If you feel like you may want hurt yourself , please go to the hospital now for immediate help ; Make an appointment to see your family doctor, or go to some form of walk-in clinic to be medically assessed. During this visit your heart, breathing, nervous stomach, and fatigue can be assessed. Blood work can be done to rule out such conditions as thyroid disease and medication interactions/side-effects, vital signs will be taken, and possibly a chest x-ray and a cardiogram may be completed. If necessary, referrals to other professional can be started. Once you've confirmed that your physical state is satisfactory, it is time to have your emotional health evaluated. There are mental health agencies (check on-line for local government mental health agencies) that will conduct a screening of your uncomfortable feelings. I see that you've taken medication off-and-on for a psychiatric condition. Perhaps your medication regime needs to be updated and some talk therapy started. You should not have to remain feeling uncomfortable with your reported physical and emotional symptoms. Even though I'm not a physician, I can promise you one thing... Your symptoms will not just disappear on their own. Like most conditions, the faster that a diagnosis is made and treatment started, the shorter the period of feeling bad and the better the chance for recovery. I hope that my answer has been helpful and that you seek help quickly. Best wishes for your success.  I like you have suffered from anxiety-panic attacks since childhood.I sought help in my mid twenties and my like is wonderful now. Xanax has a generic version called alprazolam that only costs a couple of dollars a month. Go to a doctor or clinic and explain your condition and get some help.I did therapy and it was rather expensive,so at the very least get some Alprazolam and see if it will make you feel much better.good luck,don't wait.  YES, you should....I acquired some symptoms of this sort a couple of years back and it turned out to be a severe infection of my urinary tract!!  I AM WONDERING DOES SHE GET REALLY ANXIOUS BECAUSE SHE IS AROUND A LOT OF PEOPLE? WHEN I WAS IN COLLEGE, AROUND THE TIME I LOST A SON TO SIDS, I HAD PANIC ATTACKS QUITE OFTEN IN A CLASSROOM SETTING. I WANTED TO BAIL OUT OF CLASS EVERY TIME. I COULD TELL THAT OTHER STUDENTS WERE WATCHING ME PROBABLY THINKING I WAS CRAZY WHICH JUST STRESSED ME OUT MORE. I PERSONALLY DO NOT WANT TO BE TOUCHED DURING ONE AND I WANT TO BE LEFT ALONE. I SEEM TO HOLLER AT SOMEONE TRYING TO CALM ME DOWN. IF YOUR FRIEND IS DIFFERENT THAN ME, DON'T TRY TO MAKE HER STAY IN CLASS THAT WILL JUST MAKE IT WORSE. BUT I HAVE A FRIEND WHO RECENTLY HAD HER FIRST ATTACK AND I GAVE HER A PAPER BAG WHICH I KEEP ON ME FOR MY ATTACKS. DON'T KNOW IF YOUR FRIENDS HAS TRIED THAT BECAUSE WE SEEM TO HYPERVENTILATE WHILE HAVING ONE. I JUST KEPT TELLING MY FRIEND TO TRY AND BREATHE NORMALLY WITH THE BAG AND I KEPT TELLING HER THAT SHE WILL BE OKAY IN A LITTLE BIT. THAT THIS SPELL WILL SOON GO AWAY AND SHE WILL FEEL BETTER. I HAVE JUST LEARNED FROM MD THAT HER HOT FLASHES MAY NOT BE THE CHANGE OF LIFE IT MAY BE THE ONSET OF A PANIC ATTACK.  This could be related to anxiety, which causes different things for different people. Since your symptoms seem to improve when you're not at work, and you've only recently started having them after stopping the birth control and the cervical cancer tests, I would suspect that anxiety could be the cause. It could also, ironically, be a side-effect from stopping (or starting) the birth control, which can have physical side effects. You can always visit a doctor if you are really worried, or if the symptoms get worse, but I don't think you have too much to worry about.  It's wholly possible that this is related to you stopping the Abilify, especially since you seem to have been fine when on both. It's also possible that your depression/bipolar disorder has simply gotten worse, but I think that would be rather unlikely since your sleeping habits are unchanged. As for how long the attacks last, it is not unheard of for them to last from a few minutes to upwards of a few hours - it depends on what triggers them, how severe the attack is, and your individual reaction to them (I can attest from personal experience, from seeing a friend and having one myself). There are the traditional things you can do for yourself to make the attacks more manageable (avoiding triggers, being properly rested, breathing exercises, etc.), and if that doesn't help, maybe your doctor could recommend new medications, such as a generic, less expensive form of Abilify (if there is one).  I would strongly suggest that you take him to a doctor, since he has had lingering problems after the falls. If he has not gotten better after so long, it is unlikely to improve by just waiting.  It is far more likely that you, as an individual, simply have a need for a greater amount/degree of personal space. There's nothing wrong with that, any more than it would be to prefer different kinds of books or music. Since you were never physically abused, it's highly unlikely to be a result of any psychological defects or trauma, and it would not be unreasonable that you, at 17, might still be working on how you handle your physical boundaries. You could always talk to someone (a counselor, a friend, or your parents [even at seventeen]) if you are genuinely bothered by this, but I seriously doubt you have anything to worry about. What you are willing to do, and tolerate, regarding your body is your business - do not let anyone convince you otherwise :)  Severe psychological events can potentially cause hallucinations, but I think it's rather uncommon for a panic attack to do so. It would not be impossible, however, for you to have the panic attack first and the hallucination to begin afterwards. It's possible that you simply noticed the visual disturbance the physical sensation of being afraid, and that coming down from the panic left you physically or emotionally tired. I would recommend that you tell someone if this happens again, since a lot of other things can cause hallucinations. It's possible that this was an isolated incident, but it never hurts to be sure :)  FOLLOW YOUR DOCTORS OR PHARMACISTS INSTRUCTIONS !  I have asthma and I find that Ativan helps with anxiety and actually does put you to sleep. I am on a low dose, but it does the trick  Hi My Friend, Studies have shown a very strong correlation between a lack of physical activity and the development of anxiety disorders. This relationship isn't entirely clear, but many of the proposed causes of this include: Unused Energy  One of the most frequently cited reasons for anxiety is unused energy. Your body was made to move, and unfortunately when it doesn't move it creates tension. We see this actually with dogs often  dogs that don't get their daily walks often become anxious and high strung, because if they don't work out their energy, that energy turns first into physical tension, and then into mental tension. Increased Stress Hormone  When you feel stress, your body releases a hormone known as cortisol. There's evidence that movement is what depletes cortisol, bringing it back to normal levels. This makes sense, because anxiety itself is the "fight or flight" system. When your body experiences it, it expects you to fight or flight. Inactivity is essentially doing nothing, and that may cause your body to start misfiring your stress and anxiety hormones. Immune System Malfunction  Exercise is also necessary for a regulated immune system, as well as maintaining a healthy hormone balance. There's reason to believe that inactivity prevents these important things from occurring. There may also be secondary components as well. Those that are often inactive are also often enjoying less experiences, and positive experiences are good for anxiety. Those that aren't working to improve their health may develop small problems that create anxiety on their own. These may all be contributing factors. So, please go ahead with your plan for exercising!! Good luck on everything!! Dhammika Abeygoonawardhane Sri Lanka  I Your first medication is about a year ago. So, facts may have changed.. Please avoid taking medicines without consulting your doctor. I suggest consulting same doctor who treated you earlier. Sorry, as I cannot give you a direct answer.  Benefits= Relief without the harmful effects to your body. I know that marijuana treats every symptom you just described. However, be careful because I had almost the same experience as the previous contributor. Got in trouble (they still treat us like criminals) and had to quit. Turned to drinking... now my liver is failing even though I quit 6 months ago and went back to weed. But now I have a warrant for my arrest because I quit taking my U/A's. To me it came down to follow the courts orders or live. I chose life.  I have chronic migrains and I have been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder. When I get anxious I almost always get a migraine and I visibly shake for a number of hours.  I have not taken that specific drug but I have taken almost all of the drugs on the market. Unfortunately, it will depend on how your body is able to come down from that specific drug. The worst withdrawel I ever had was Effexor, the body discards the drugs in stages and it took months for the side effects to be gone. Good Luck !!!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Anxiety is no fun, no matter what causes it! I suggest you investigate (CBT). This type of therapy is issue-based and is designed to help resolve issues like yours quite quickly -- often in four to five sessions. If that sounds impossible, take it from me: It can happen! In a nutshell, cognitive behavioral therapy helps you recognize the early symptoms of, in your case, an anxiety episode coming on so that you can disrupt your body's physical response to the trigger. You already know your trigger: heights. Since you can't avoid the trigger, CBT will teach you how to change your thought patterns and behaviors to derail the panic attack before it can get started. It sounds easy, and it actually can be easy -- with some practice. You can find many therapists who specialize in CBT. I urge you to find one and get started soon, because there's no reason for you to continue limiting your life (and experiencing the nasty symptoms of a panic attack) for even one more day. Wishing you well!  Great question! I'm glad you asked because many others will benefit. You should be just fine taking this combination of medications. You may feel drowsier than normal. And anyone who is taking a narcotic (hydrocodone) should either not drive or else be very cautious when driving because driving under the influence of narcotics is prohibited in many states and local jurisdictions. In general, though, you're not at high risk from taking this combination of meds at these dosages. In the future, I'd recommend you ask your health care provider about possible drug interactions at the time you're prescribed a narcotic. Also, you can always consult a pharmacist for advice. I hope your ankle heals quickly!  Yes, they can. In fact, people experiencing their first anxiety attack often believe they're having a heart attack. Symptoms of the two conditions are very similar. If you've never had an anxiety or panic attack before and therefore have not experienced the symptoms, you should always err on the side of caution and seek emergency medical attention. Granted, a heart attack in a younger person would be quite rare, but as the old adage goes: Better safe than sorry. Once you've had a panic attack, you can recognize the symptoms of it when it occurs. However, no one should attempt to self-diagnose a heart attack versus a panic attack. If you're not sure, always call for emergency responders. Keep in mind the symptoms of a heart attack can go away on their own. If you've experienced symptoms you believed were a heart attack but then cleared up, do not assume you had a panic attack instead. You need to get checked out by a health care professional. Wishing you well!  You raise some good questions. In fact, they're good questions to take up with your doctor. You have a right to have all your questions answered before beginning any medication therapy. I'd suggest you call your doctor or make an appointment to go over your concerns about the Abilify prescription. That said, I'm also confident your doctor wouldn't prescribe a drug combination he or she believed to be unsafe. However, it's never a bad idea to double-check and go over your complete list of current medications because doctors today are overworked, and it's easy to overlook something. Hope this helps!  The exact cause of isn't known, but stress and anxiety are believed to be factors. It's important to note IBS is a long-term disorder. It is not something that "comes and goes." Usually a person who has symptoms of IBS has them regularly for many years. On the other hand, stress and anxiety can cause temporary upsets of the digestive tract, too. This is not IBS, per se, because the episodes go away. Stress and anxiety can cause: Stomach upset Nausea Diarrhea Among other things. It's also important to note colonoscopy and endoscopy tests are not used to diagnose IBS. These tests may be given to rule out more serious bowel problems like Crohn's disease. So the fact your colonoscopy and endoscopy results were "fine" does not mean you don't have IBS. You should talk to your primary care provider to find out what your diagnosis is -- if you have a diagnosis at all. Wishing you well!  This is kind of a complex question. First, and most important, your daughter needs to understand that taking penicillins (such as ) can reduce the effectiveness of birth control pills like , which means she may experience breakthrough bleeding and could possibly get pregnant if she has sex while taking the antibiotic. Second, because Ogestrel is a hormonal form of birth control, I suppose it's theoretically possible taking amoxicillin could affect hormone levels and cause mood swings in the individual. Most women do not experience mood swings while taking an antibiotic in conjunction with an antibiotic. But that doesn't mean your daughter's symptoms aren't a side effect of her amoxicillin therapy. I would not suggest your daughter stop taking the amoxicillin. Rather, I'd suggest you put a call in to her health care provider to report these symptoms and find out what the best course of action is. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this, and I'd advise you to contact the prescribing health care professional as soon as possible to report these side effects. There are many medication choices available. If is causing you to have these side effects, your health care provider can choose something else. That said, do not stop taking the citalopram suddenly. This can lead to serious side effects, such as thoughts of suicide. Please contact your health care provider as soon as possible to discuss the side effects you're experiencing. I wish you all the best!  Unfortunately, it's no possible to diagnose this over the internet. Although 28 years old sounds young for heart problems, it's not impossible. If you're overweight, sedentary, smoke, or have a family history of heart attack, then you're at higher risk yourself. If you're having any of these , you should seek emergency medical services by calling 911: Crushing pain, squeezing sensation, or fullness in the mid-chest that lasts for more than a few minutes or that comes and goes episodically Pain or discomfort that extends beyond your chest, particularly pain or discomfort that radiates into the left jaw, left arm, or left back areas Shortness of breath Cold sweats, nausea, anxiety As you can see, since anxiety can be a symptom of heart problems, it's impossible to distinguish the two via the web. Only an EKG and some blood tests can say for sure if the trouble's with your ticker or something else. If you do not feel you're having an acute heart attack, you may be OK to simply make an appointment with your health care provider at your earliest convenience. I wish you all the best!  If you have , it's important to seek immediate medical attention. One-sided weakness can be a sign of stroke. Here are other common symptoms: Sudden vision changes Sudden problems walking Sudden, severe headache Sudden inability to speak Most of the time, the symptoms of stroke come on suddenly, but this is not always the case. If your one-sided weakness has developed gradually and seems to be getting worse, you should see a doctor. I can't think of any reason why anxiety would cause one-sided weakness. I suppose it's possible it could be a medication side-effect, but this still deserves to be checked out. I suggest you call your doctor as soon as possible. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this, and I'm sorry to hear your physician doesn't have someone covering while he's on vacation. If your mother's blood pressure stays elevated at that level all day long, she should get treatment. Those numbers are too high and, you're right, she's at risk for stroke. I also want to say, however, that as long as your mother understands the risks involved with allowing her blood pressure to remain high, and as long as she is not suffering from dementia or some sort of inability to make her own decisions, she has the right to refuse treatment. Have you discussed with her what her wishes are? Does she understand she could suffer serious consequences, including death, if she doesn't get her blood pressure under control? If she does, then you need to accept her wishes. Have you discussed your mother's wishes with her? It can be a difficult conversation to have, but anyone who's 81 years old needs to discuss these things with his or her loved ones. Perhaps your mother wants every effort made to preserve her life for as long as possible. Or perhaps she wishes to let her life wind down and die as peacefully as possible. Those choices are hers, but they should be communicated to her family. If you aren't comfortable talking with your mom about this, you might consider bringing in a minister, nurse, or social worker to help have this conversation. You're a wonderful daughter, watching out for your mother's health. I wish you both all the best!  You are a good person to want to help your friend with her condition. It can be hard to help someone in the moment of a panic attack. One thing you can do is offer to hold her hand and "breathe together." Before attempting this, you should practice slow, deep breathing on your own so that in the moment of the panic attack, you can help your friend regulate her breathing. Don't get frustrated if she is unable to breathe as slowly as you are. Merely staying calm and encouraging her softly to "breathe in..2...3, and breathe out...2...3" can be helpful. You may actually be able to help your friend better by finding an activity, such as yoga, that the two of you can do together when she's not having a panic attack. Regular exercise can help anxiety, in general, and yoga specifically focuses on breathing. By offering to do yoga with your friend, you're supporting her in fighting the anxiety problem. Your friend should be grateful she has you in her life! Good luck to both of you.  It's difficult to say if these things are interrelated. You might have constipation/diarrhea even if you didn't have anxiety/panic attacks. Let's take on the bowel problem first. Whenever your bowels aren't behaving themselves, you should start with the basics: Make sure you eat plenty of foods rich in fiber. These can include fruits (including dried fruit), vegetables and whole grains. Fiber helps move material through your intestines. If you don't get enough fiber, you can become constipated . Make sure you're drinking enough water. Dehydration can lead to constipation. Interestingly, while too little fiber can cause constipation, it also can lead to loose stools or diarrhea . If you have loose stools, try increasing your fiber intake. But stay away from fruits temporarily because eating fruit in large quantities can give you very loose stools. Make sure you're exercising. Exercise (including walking) can literally help "get things moving" in your bowels if you're constipated. And exercise, in general, will help your body (including your bowels) function better. If eating plenty of fiber, drinking plenty of water, and getting exercise don't solve your bowel issues, then you should consult a medical professional. It's possible you have irritable bowel syndrome or another condition that can (or needs to) be treated with medication. Regarding the anxiety and panic attacks, if you're not under the care of a psychologist for these conditions, then I suggest you see someone. Anxiety is very treatable today. And since panic attacks often arise from unchecked anxiety, treating your anxiety may make the panic attacks go away. Wishing you well!  Your not alone in this world. Your story is kind of similar to mine. I had been bullied verbally. Even after changing schools people would treat me the same. They would whisper or talk behind my back, look at me and make fun of me. The pain is unbearable, huh? Not only the bullying at school started my anxiety disorder but it also came from my home, nothing physical just verbally and emotionally I was hurt. As soon as I started college I began to take therapy if figured I had nothing else to lose, you know? What else could happen to me? I've been feeling pain throughout my life, I'm use to it. I couldn't trust anyone throughout my childhood. However I felt tired, suffocated, and sad being alone and afraid, so I decided to change. No matter how much pain I felt I didn't want to feel depress any more and if I wanted to become free from my past and I guess my family, I needed to built my strength. Thanks to therapy I was able to deal with my anxiety and meet someone else could see, understand me, hear me out without judging my every word. I was someone who was damaged but I was fixed little by little. Although to be honest it still kinda of hurts thinking about those days.  Different things help for different people. For me when I feel anxious I smell oils like lavender and camomile, the smell really helps relax me. If that doesn't work I go for a run or read a book.  The combination of Xanax and Methadone can be deadly. You may have heard that the combination of the two drugs increases the euphoria and is similar to the same feeling as Heroin; however, taking Xanax and Methadone together can result in overdose. Xanax is a sedative from the class of drugs known as Benzodiazepines and is often used to treat anxiety. When combined with Methadone individuals may experience dizziness and drowsiness, difficulty concentrating and impaired judgment. Moreover, both drugs are central nervous system depressants and the danger lies in the fact that the brain can forget to tell the heart and lungs to work, means that you could stop breathing. If you need to detox from drugs and/or alcohol, IV therapy medical detox is the method most recommended by physicians. If you have questions about taking Xanax and Methadone, IV therapy medical detox or our facility, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Prozac, an anti-depressant, is an SSRI (selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor). While there are a number of reasons why an individual might take an anti-depressant  the reason cited 90 percent of the time is depression. Sadly, research has shown that depression has been linked, more often than not, as a side effect to other medications, substance abuse and/or other types of medical conditions  than as a condition on its own. Anti-depressants such as Abilify, Zoloft, Cymbalta and Prozac are used to treat depression, but unless the reason or cause of the depression is defined and addressed, the individual could end up taking the drug indefinitely or worse self-medicating to treat the symptoms. Xanax on the other hand is a sedative/tranquilizer and part of the benzodiazepine drug class. Although studies have shown that chronic abuse of sedatives and tranquilizers result in the drugs ineffectiveness, many users develop addictive tendencies and without professional assistance cannot stop. Long-term use of either/both of these drugs can have lasting effects that can make it very difficult to stop without professional medical detox treatment. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  You must ALWAYS talk to your Dr, counselor, minister, or any adut (if your not being treated by someone) talk to some adult that can be trusted. ALL antidepressants usually take at least 3 but usually 4-6 weeks before you see positive benifets. But if its making you feel worse, call your Dr. LIKE yesterday and report exactly how your feeling and all the awful thoughts going through your head. No one told me any of this at your age and I ended up trying to commit suicide. Thank God I was rotten at it and someone from above was watching over me. Most antidepressants these days are called SSRI's as they change the level of seratonin in your brain, and most people are helped by one or more of them, but I'm not one of them. I finally found a drug that came our long before the others called nortriptyline that works differantly. So go to your phone a leave an emergency voice mail if you have to with your Dr then call first AM again and again till you reach them and make sure you don't leave out anything due to embarassment. Only you and they will know whats discussed unless they feel you or someone else is in immediate danger. And Good Luck, your rotten teen years only SEEM to be a lifetime, they'll be over before you know it. JJ  Do the web site have and answer for me ?  actually it is never ok to smoke weed unless it is prescribed by a doctor as for mixing it with prescription meds I don't see how that could be safe, why risk it  Have you tried some self help books or internet sites? I also have a high anxiety disorder and I have found that to be helpful. I have also found that meditation music helps to ease and calm it as well.  fevers are just a result of your immune system fighting off viruses and bacteria. Mild fevers with no other symptoms are perfectly ok and are best untreated. If your fever is accompanied by other symptoms or exceeds 101, then you should see a doctor.  menopause can cause depression. As we experience menopause, many of our hormones are just not what they should be and we can have so many different symptoms, night sweats, hot flashes, mood swings, etc. Anxiety and depression are not the same thing. Depression is something you can have without even knowing it, you lose interest in things you once enjoyed, many people that are depressed just want to stay in bed, they seldom want to see or be with friends and family. Anxiety is totally different. Depending on the severity of it, you can have panic attacks that can be very frightening. Your heart can race and you may feel you are having a heart attack and or dying, you may not be able to be in crowded places and you can have anxiety, and cope with it, and then have an anxiety or panic attack which is very frightening.  Hi I m not a cardiologist or anything but due to my experience with anxiety I can tell you that it had caused my heart to beat so fast that it made my chest hurt and I felt short of breath. To answer your question to the best of my knowledge arteries do not go from normal to clogged in 7 months unless you have risks such as family history of heart disease, not being active and eating unhealthy foods (high in salt and fat). I would recommend however to call up your cardiologist and ask for yourself to get checked out again just to be sure.  In my experience yes you may need a mood stabilizer in addition. Like Nerontin  Drinking alcohol will cause medications to not work at all.  go to the home page and type in the meds you are using , read some of the comments for the thyroid med. i started it 2 weeks ago , and feel worse on it then off of it. called my Dr.Stomache and nausia is the worse. but i was very anxious at first , I had to cut out all caffeine which made that part better. looks like there is alot of us not liking this med. just to keep taking more meds is crazy. get one thing fixed at a time or you wont know hat med is causing what.  There has not been, to my knowledge, any studies showing that sexual deprivation causes any harm. I am a 59yr old male with depression, anxiety, paruresis, OCD, & eating disorders ( OCD stopped when I began to take antidepressants, clean from eating disorders for some five yrs). Also, the medications I take greatly lessen my sexual impulses (which I don't mind since I never acted on them). The main problem is to focus on the problems which are definitely affecting your quality of life, such as the depression & anxiety. These may be a major reason why you have trouble keeping a job. Contact your local federal office to see if you qualify for SSI and medical aid so you can see a qualified therapist and psychologist to get help for your emotional problems. These doctors should also be able to help you with your sexual worries. I wish you all the best my friend.  My friend, I am sorry but there are no vegetables or over the counter medications that can slow down your heart rate. I would suggest telling your screening doctor that you are very anxious and that you suspect it is anxiety because lets be honest... its pretty intimidating. 85 as a resting heart rate is pretty fast but can be normal. For long term solutions I would try running or doing some sort of cardiovascular exercise. This can reduce anxiety and get your heart into shape which will lower your resting heart rate. For short term results... breathing exercises it is.  hello there, firstly congrats on being independent and living on your own. its a big step but a great one. and at times yes you may feel down or irritated but this can all be helped!!! your anxiety can also be controlled and personally i think you should be doing this through eating the right foods, including lots of raw fruit and vegetables, dairy free milk such as oat milk, soy milk,almond milk or if you do not like that at least low or no fat milk. cut out on all processed foods that contain presertitives, flavours or flavor enhancers, artificial colors, added sugar and high salts. this all has effects on the body and is UN-natural. just changing what you eat will help your thought processes. decent exercise is also a great way to relieve anxiety and depression. DOING GOOD WILL MAKE YOU FEEL GOOD!! and lots of good un-interupted sleep is very important too. at least 8-10 hours. i dont think the Zoloft is doing you any good. these are synthetic chemicals that do more damage to your head and body in the long run. join a yoga class or do some volunteer work. getting out and meeting people will make you feel good. try to learn something new everyday and keep your mind active. don't let bad thoughts get in the way of enjoying this precious life you have. hope this helps you in some way :-) keep positive!!  Exercise is a great way to deal with anxiety issues! When I was in college I was diagnosed with anxiety issues and my therapist suggested that I start taking daily walks. They helped me not only have time each day to clear my head and calm my anxiety, but also helped me discover the joys of walking as a form of exercise. I'm not sure what your comments about the ribs mean, but if you are concerned about it you should see a doctor, or go to student health for free.  My best suggestion would be to talk to your doctor.  If your insurance covers physician visits, a psychiatrist is a doctor that specializes in mental illness. Your primary care physician may also help with treatment or refer you to another physician who can.  There are many possibilities of causes in my experience. From bad sleep habits. To caffeine intake, sugar. Which all effect cortisol levels. Excessive exercise.  anxiety is nothing but a state of an over excited mind which cause a continues flow of negative thoughts in our mind, it can be controlled by meditation, yoga and exercise and it will also increase your confidence for sure.    The big thing to look for with anxiety and stress is that not being able to turn your mind off. Again, thats the most complaint that I get from people with sleep, but if theres an anxiety or stressful issue in your life, and when you lie down to fall asleep, and youve done your hygiene and youve sat down and meditated or relaxed, and you just cant turn your brain off, thats when anxiety and stress is probably a culprit.  No, increased heart rate is not a normal feature of heartburn. However, pain and anxiety can increase heart rate. If you're still having this problem, I would get your doctor to check it out.  Abilify is used for more than just schizophrenia. It also helps people with bipolar disorder and even used for depression when other medications alone haven't worked well enough. Xanax and Klonopin are different types of medicines and there is the potential for them to be addictive. Perhaps your doctor wants to try some other treatments before going that route. Yes, Abilify can have side effects, but most people do not have any side effects. The most common reported side effects are headache, agitation, nausea, and insomnia. But even those only happen in about 1 in 5 people. Yes, more problematic side effects are possible but not particularly common. If you're concerned about the side effects, you should definitely talk to your doctor to learn more about why he felt this was the right drug for you. He must have some reason why he feels it's the right drug.  Am a pharmacy student I think that this problem is mainly related to stress. I see that you you can try many things for anxiety. Including :exercise,yoga,sport,music.other than that limiting caffeine consumption can make you feel better.   I've been dealing with panic disorder; officially since 1976. I'm not sure, there is, just one singular cause of it period. It could be in your diet, the air or even the water we drink. Something triggers the flight / fight syndrome, when there doesn't seem to be a reason for it. Something is activating the adrenal glands. I do think stress; while it's hard to tell if you're under stress sometimes, will cause the episodes, or make them more intense. Dealing with this issue; when you're new to it can cause much stress. I've been on benzodiazepines on and off since 1976. Ive been more on meds over the last 25 years than off. Your medication doses may need adjusted, but anti depressants tend to give you a boost, or make you feel weird; which can kick in an attack. Try looking for more holistic approaches to feeling better, like change your diet, see it if helps. Exercise, try meditation, reading or listening to your favorite music and breathing exercises help a lot. The medication; should, you stay on it long will eventually, need changes to another type or a higher dose. My panic was so bad; I had to open my own company, to stay at home, whenever I had to. It usually comes and goes; as they say waxes and wanes. Usually it has other phobias which develop as well. You want to steer clear of people and places, which you think cause the attacks. I don't know that they will ever disappear; however they should diminish in frequency and intensity. Best of luck and work on your end helps a lot!  Put your head down toward your knees and apply an ice pack to the back of your neck.  Hi You need to get on BC this will regulate your periods, should also then cut down some of these side effects your getting. Make life a lot easier for you. As for the anxiety try this Google natural ways out of anxiety, you should find something to help all without drugs. Hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi By fever do you mean sweaty nights, I think your find its a common thing amongst men, and if you read up about it, your find men do sweat more than women. Perhaps your husband is like me, some night you could float me out of the bed, never anything wrong with me, its just the way I'm built, could be the same with your hubby. End of the day we just sweat at nights. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes, Go now, don't wait. Good Luck  Hi Yes, Go now, don't wait. Good Luck  Hi, Yes, Go now, don't wait. Good Luck  Hi Check the side effects of the drug, it should be there, if its not get back to your doctor ASAP But also google natural ways out of anxiety/depression, if you can get one of these working, you could give up the drugs, your find that even meditation works. But if you do this just come of the drugs very slowly but cutting back the amount each day over 4 weeks. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Check the side effects of the drug, it should be there, if its not get back to your doctor ASAP But also google natural ways out of anxiety/depression, if you can get one of these working, you could give up the drugs, your find that even meditation works. But if you do this just come of the drugs very slowly but cutting back the amount each day over 4 weeks. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well you was past what would be your ovulation day, so your safe there whether you was on the pill or not. So put your anxiety pills away, and relax. When you get a chance just google natural ways out of anxiety, you should find some help all without drugs, if I remember right meditation is one of them, this would really calm you down. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi These can be from stress, depression and anxiety, so just google natural ways out depression and anxiety and natural ways out of stress. Have a look at meditation, it could be the one you want. Hope this helps you. Good Luck PS Doing these the natural ways keeps you drug free, very good for your body.  Hi Its a bit hard to0 say over t5he internet, you should go see your doctor, get some simple tests done, and take it from there, but be straight with to the start of your problem. He needs all the facts. Good Luck  Hi Start be googling natural way out of anxiety and depression, read down your find meditation, get into this twice a day should do the trick, may mean getting up a wee bit earlier than you do, but by doing you will sleep better then it should all work in. But if you work sucks, find something you really like, and do that, even if it means a cut in wages, if you feel happy why you work life is so much better. Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi, You say at orgasm not much comes out, meaning the you squirt yes, and not what your used to, this could well be a side effect from the drug, one of its side effects is dryness in the mouth, so if it can do that, it could cause then same problem down below. Try asking your doctor to change your prescription, to something else if your still need an antidepressant, or if you google natural ways out of depression, you may just find some help there, if it works no more drugs and back to happy orgasm's Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, OK you say you have depression and anxiety's Yes, you have no tests but you thing that's what you have, Yes, OK then google natural ways out of depression, and the anxiety's bit will also come with it, and just follow one of the paths you can take, there quite simple, and the good thing is, no drugs. In fact you are your own drug, its all down to you. Good Luck  Hi Perhaps you need to have blood test done before you period and when your on your period, the blood test would be for hormones. Perhaps the problems stem from hormones. Sites that may help you, http://www.womentowomen.com/emotions-anxiety-mood/depression-mood-and-anxiety-disorders/ http://www.womentowomen.com/emotions-anxiety-mood/anxiety-and-worry-in-women-causes-symptoms-and-natural-relief/ http://www.helpguide.org/mental/depression_women.htm You will need to copy these into google. But these could be helpful to you, and may help you understand your problem a bit better. Have you thought of meditation to help with your problem, may be better that drugs. Do hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi A very quick research come up with this, just goole this Brandt-Daroff Exercises for BPPV See how you get on, may be the cure you have been looking for. Also have a look at this link its fron the UKs NHS http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Vertigo/Pages/Treatment.aspx Just copy into google to open and read And this won on vertigo, could help you understand your problem. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Vertigo/Pages/Introduction.aspx Again just copy into google to open and read. Do hoped this is helpful. Good Luck  Hi Just google natural ways out of anxiety and depression , give things a good read through and take a path ,. But if I remember right meditation is there, could be a good way to go. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just google natural ways out of anxiety, your find loads of help, read through them and pick just one way, don't do a mix and match, your get in a state. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I don't think its cancer, not lasting that long, but your should either go see your doctor or uro ASAP over your problem. Good Luck  Hi, Yes you do have a problem, BP meds are a sex killers, statins for high cholesterol are sex killers, and with and poor erections yet you would have performance anxiety, would also be a sex killer. There are things on the natural side that could help, I 'm a great lover of Cayenne Pepper, taken daily is very good for your blood, its cleans all the plaque away which helps to bring down you cholesterol now add into that Turmeric and you are beginning to cook away some of your problems. Have a read of this site WWW.spacedoc.com packed with info and why you should not be on statins, the guy who runs it was an astronaut and he is a doctor, so its not a joke site. OK I do take CP and Turmeric daily for ED I mix in a 6oz jar in equal parts CP and Turmeric into olive oil and mix with tomato paste, you do this to a heat that suits you, at first and slowly you can build up the heat, as you mix this you can add more olive oil, remembering that the olive oil is very good for you. Take 3 teaspoons of this first thing every morning, as you just going on it you can take this 3 times a day, for 2 week then twice a day for 2 weeks, by then you should be getting your numbers down, then just do the first thing in the morning way. Google natural ways out of HBP, your find lots of help, just chose away and stick with it. When you start getting some good erections going, a good way to tell is when you start getting nocturnal erections and morning woods, then you will know things are getting better, When this happens your performance anxiety should go away, another problem out of the way. Other things you could try are DHEA, Tribulus, L-Arginine and L-carnitine, these you can take a long with the CP and Turmeric. OK Some links for info. http://www.cayennepepper.info/health-benefits-of-cayenne-pepper.html http://www.livestrong.com/article/538213-can-cayenne-pepper-unclog-arteries/ http://turmericsgold.com/conditions/curcumin-for-high-cholesterol-and-high-triglycerides/ http://www.livestrong.com/article/112941-side-effects-turmeric-curcumin/ Just copy one at a time into google to the www. to open and read. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If this period of unprotected sex was around or just before the 7th of July, give or take the odd day each way, yes you could be pregnant. But you will have to wait till your next period is due, if it comes then you could not be pregnant, if it dose not then its time to get a test done, either an HPT or see your doctor and get one done there. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Yes it could well be that, but is he getting the other results he needs? If so he could try meditation, just google, anxiety and meditation. It could work for him, this way he gets the best of both worlds. But if not he will have to slowly bring his injections back to what they were. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Sorry but don't know how long you have been on your anxiety drugs, but google beating anxiety the natural way, you may find its the drugs giving you your real problems now. There's lot of ways this be done, you can try one way, if its not you then try another, you can even do meditation. Do hope this get you over your problem. Good Luck  Hi If you work under fluorescent lights, this saps your Ds, give a problem called Seasonal affective disorder (SAD) is a type of depression that has a seasonal pattern. As with other types of depession, the two main symptoms of SAD are a low mood and a lack of interest in life. You may also be less active than normal and sleep more. Now vitamin D is a big help for it, and you can get most of what you need by being out in the sunshine, with no sunscreens, it works like this, the sun gets picked up in your blood, when it goes through your liver, gets turned into vit D, all very simple. You just need to be out in the sun, they say 20 minutes is enough, But Im out in the sun most of the day, as near naked as one can being a naturist, all very good for me. You should try it? But do have a look at this link. Its all I could find, we have most of our vits at night, after our last main meal. The Link, http://newhope360.com/supplements/best-times-take-vitamins-and-supplements Just copy into google to read it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have a look at this, you need to google natural way out of depression and natural ways out of anxiety, or do it for both, lots to read, just find a path and stick with it, see how you get on, but you would need to be off the drugs when you do them. All you can do is try, but if your trying its a path you can follow. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Yes, don't wait. seek help. Good Luck  Hi, Every thing you say your find is correct, its numbs the brain and from this gets confused, so jumps to wrong conclusions over very small things. Can you find anybody who works with AA, they might be of great help, in finding your answers. But I will come back to you. Good Luck  Hi here's a couple of WebMD links all about HIV, perhaps these will help you calm down and take life easier. http://www.webmd.com/hiv-aids/top-10-myths-misconceptions-about-hiv-aids?ecd=wnl_men_080913&ctr=wnl-men-080913_ld-stry&mb = http://www.webmd.com/hiv-aids/hiv-aids-screening?ecd=wnl_sxr_110613&ctr=wnl-sxr-110613_ld-stry&mb=AiZ3RfN65C9lS2Qn07evdGdEpmNqbUHLQUw2JJuNBSw%3d Do hope these help. Good Luck  Hi If it gives you no problems just come off it and see your doctor ASAP But try this, google natural ways out of anxiety your find lots of ways which you can try, If I remember right there is meditation, done right could be a winner. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First if your not over masturbating now, then you can forget that, by now things will have recovered from that. Your testosterone levels of 16pg from what I can find is low, should be somewhere between 50 to 100 pg/ml , so thing you need some help to get that up, try looking up clomid, or clomipene citrate, 25 mg, if you can get on this, may do you some good. OK is it stress, anxiety or depression, this come by doing some reading, if you can get your Ts back up it should help, but try googling all 3 for natural help. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, The rule of thumb is to stick it out for three months. That's the amount of time that's considered sufficient for minor side effects to either resolve on their own or persist indefinitely. Now this is because of the hormones or hormone, depending what your on, but if these symptoms do persist, may be wise to see your doctor and get a change. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes you do need treatment ASAP, seems you may have a psychological problem, ask your doctor for some help to find a psychiatrist who deals with you type of problem, there is a name for it but its slipped my mind. But hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Just google natural ways out of anxiety, there are lots of ways you can try, and there all drug free. Do hope this helps you, lots to read. Good Luck  Hi, Was this PSTD happen at the age of 8 then, and that's when the pulsing started, then the pulsing could be a reaction to that moment in your life. Have you thought of counselling or therapy, have this talked through may work wonders for you, the drugs are just killing your thoughts, and when it wears of back come the thoughts. But then you have anxiety and depression to cope with, google natural ways out of anxiety, and natural ways out of depression, with doing this and your doctors ok if your on any meds for them you may be able to give them up. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  One of the hardest parts about controlling anxiety is that severe anxiety can actually cause physical symptoms that lead to more anxiety. Many of those with anxiety start to worry about their health, because the symptoms can be so disabling that it's hard to convince your mind that anxiety could be causing them. This is often the case with vertigo. Vertigo itself is not technically an anxiety symptom, but dizziness  which is often confused with the idea of vertigo  very much is, and it's actually a surprisingly common one. Since vertigo is almost exclusively caused by hyperventilation, the best way to stop the feeling of having vertigo is to make sure that you're not hyperventilating anymore. Often this is easier said than done. In the middle of an anxiety attack, it's very hard to re-gain control of your breathing. But there are tricks that make the process easier Now the trick here, is a nice brown paper bag, this you put over you head and re-breath your output, works all the time. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS try getting your life together, that would help cut down your problems.  Hi Look The best thing you could do, is get yourself to an STD/GUM Clinic, and get yourself tested. You do have a couple of things that do match up. Best advice. Good Luck  Hi I think you find we all do this, its a part of life, but if your taken it to the extreme's then it giving you these problems, bet you even get lose bowels, well that's the nervous bit. But if you think you need some help, just google natural ways out of anxiety and depression, there's lots of ways you can do it, even meditation could help. But when you get a problem, don't sleep on it, because you wont, it will keep you awake, if your getting this just get up and watch TV even if its 1.30, it takes your mind of it, just do an hour, then get back to bed and sleep. Hope there's some help here. good Luck  Hi Google this, natural ways out of anxiety, by doing this you could come off your drugs, and by doing that your be doing your body a big favour. When you look through these just pick a path you think that would be best for you, don't mix them up. You could even try meditation as a way out of it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you can get this to work for you, google natural ways out of anxiety, your find lots of help, but just stick to one route. Get this working and you can be drug free, even better. Hope it works for you. Good Luck  Hi I remember reading something, on gas and burping, and this was it. The Link, http://www.speechmastery.com/burping.html Please give it read, some of the things to do are quite simple. Do hope it helps you. Good Luck  If you haven't tried any medications for this disorder, then I would recommend speaking with your doctor about getting on an anti-anxiety medication, like clonazepam . A lot of times there are things in our life that can increase our anxiety and cause panic attacks. If you have a particularly stressful job, then you may need to consider scaling back your work or even moving into another field of work that won't affect your physical and mental health. If medication does not work for you, then it would be a good idea to start seeing a therapist or psychiatrist, possibly on a weekly basis or more, to start to work through the triggers that cause anxiety and panic episodes.    It can, but I never say it's anxiety until after there's been a full medical exam to rule out anything physical. You should consider doing this, and also take a look to see if you might be experiencing undue stress, lack of sleep, or anything else that might have triggered this.  Well I think when you start having symptoms, such as you cant go to sleep at night because every time you put your head down on the pillow, youre constantly thinking of what you have to do, or what you didnt do, or what you did wrong. Symptoms of anxiety: Sleep problems Irritability Lack of concentration Memory issues Problems at work Ill at ease, jumpy Eating changes its interfering with your ability to relate to others; its causing irritable kinds of things, youre irritable where you never really would be irritable, youre finding that your short tempered, you cant handle things, youre having problems concentrating, you really feel like you cant remember some things, and that is kind of scaring you. Youre having problems doing your job, meeting your deadlines. You never are at ease, you always feel as if there is something that has to be done, youre jumpy about things you may have eating changes, you may, you know, some, its very interesting, some people eat an awful lot when they are stressed and they gain weight, so we say to people, sometimes they dont know if theyve gained weight, so we say is your clothing a little tighter now, and other people they lose their appetite entirely, they lose weight. So we look for weight changes, sleep changes, mood changes. We also look for things like stomachache, chronic headache, okay, feeling maybe very, very sweaty hands, things like that, inability to sit still and just enjoy being quiet for a little bit. You find that you cant do that. Thats something that youre not allowed to give to yourself. Isnt that a terrible thing?  You can have up and down days and I think it's a question of your body really getting adjusted to the med and how it has to work. It's really a biological reaction and sometimes the body isn't ready to be totally adjusted. The side effects you mention are found with meds, but you should tell your doc about these, too.  ...Since you indicate that social anxiety seems to be a primary problem for you it would seem that working with a cognitive psychologist who could provide direction and structure regarding social situations would be a good idea. I'm thinking about a psychologist who would provide weekly homework assignments, very simple at first, so that you can begin to build your comfort in social situations. In my book I have at least one chapter devoted to this topic and you might want to stop by the library and take a look at it. Socializing is a skill that all of us need to develop and, you're right, it doesn't come easily. I understand what you mean when you say you're fine but when you're about to meet new people you become anxious. That happens to a lot of people. You're also right that over analyzing just makes you feel worse and what you fear is happening probably isn't happening at all. I'm referring, of course, to thinking what people are thinking about you or what they might be saying war that you won't be able to hold your own in a conversation. Everything can be handled with the right type of guidance. I think you should give therapy, specifically cognitive therapy aimed at social anxiety, another try....  One thing we know, for sure, and that's that no medication works for everyone. It's unfortunate, but there has to be a period of trial-and-error in order to find the right medication or combination of medications that may work for you. You also have to consider the fact that you may not really need medication at all. Remember, sometimes learning to help yourself and to cope differently with things that are happening in your life can be very effective in curbing anxiety. You indicated it has been 12 years now that you've had this diagnosis and I'm wondering what besides medication has been tried in order to help you. Has anyone suggested cognitive therapy, mild exercise, self-help techniques, or lifestyle changes? Unfortunately, sometimes treatment plans do not include all of these aspects and, I believe, that may lead to an inadequate result. Hopefully, you are working with an experienced psychiatrist. I would think, however, that there are things you can do for yourself. ...Review your current lifestyle and see if some changes might be helpful. Sometimes, this is one of the simplest things to do and can have the most dramatic result.  I'm a firm believer in a conservative approach to everything and I don't feel that a diagnosis of an anxiety disorder necessarily requires medication. It may require medication, but first I believe other things should be attempted. First, I think you should look at any stress you may have in your life because there may be something that is causing you stress and which can be bringing this on. Have you considered what might be happening in your life lately? Remember, stress builds up over time, so it may be something that has been something about which you were unaware as to how much it was affecting you. The medication you were given, although originally formulated to treat depression, is now used for panic attacks. Since anxiety and panic attacks, usually, also have a component of depression, these medications have been found effective. There are, of course, other older medications which can be just as effective. It looks like your doctor was providing "bridge therapy" which means he was providing the Xanax to help you until the other medication was fully effective. Research indicates that panic disorder may happen as we reach later midlife, even though we've never had them before. This may be a function of our changing biology and nothing more. It may also, however, reflect the change in stressors in our life as we age. For that reason, I suggest you look at your lifestyle and see if there might be something that is distressing for you  Whenever anyone gets a pain in their heart, it's always a good idea to immediately check with your doctor. We can never assume this is either anxiety or panic until we have ruled out that it might be a medical problem. True, it might be panic or anxiety, but please have it checked out.  Medication alone is, according to recent research, not the most effective treatment plan. The preferred plan now is to use medication, as needed, and combine this with cognitive therapy. The therapy will enable you to learn more effective ways to deal with stress in any life situation. I would suggest that you may wish to get a referral for a licensed, cognitive psychologist with whom you can work on this.  Since this was your first anxiety attack I'm wondering if there are some stressor in your life currently that might be causing this. Often, we don't realize that we are under stress until our body tells us by doing something like this. I know it's quite upsetting, can be frightening, but you shouldn't be embarrassed. You have done nothing for which you need to be embarrassed. It's your body responding to something either internal or external. I see that your prescriber has done the prudent thing and has given you something to use as needed. This is always a good idea, but you need to do a bit of work on your own, too. As I said, please review your current situation and see if there is anything that might be causing you some stress or where you have neglected yourself in terms of diet, sleep or social activities. All of these are vital to maintain our physical and mental health. I would also suggest that you begin engaging in some self-help techniques, such as relaxation breathing, mild exercise and positive self talk.  Medication alone doesn't always provide sufficient help, and we know that cognitive therapy is often vital to help you improve your situation. Since you are receiving medication, has your prescriber not recommended that you also be in cognitive therapy? I believe this individual should provide a referral for you and the person to whom you are referred should be highly experienced in both anxiety and depression treatment. I also think that you could benefit from using some self-help techniques.  A lack of insurance and an inability to pay more than a minimal amount should never prevent you from getting the help you need and deserve. Licensed professionals, including psychologists, have an ethical responsibility to take a number of "pro-bono" cases. This means for little or no fee. Of course, there is a limit to the number of these cases that anyone can take, but it's worth asking. You can call your local psychologists association, explain your situation and ask for the names of psychologists in your area who would be willing to help you. You can also check social service agencies as well as any major hospital center because these entities generally have access to mental-health providers who require minimal fees.      If you would like some reassurance, please check out the Elavil in the PDR (Physicians Desk Reference) which you can find in any bookstore or at your local library in the reference section. Elavil is a medication that has been around for a long time and has been very helpful for many people. It does have a few side effects and you might want to acquaint yourself with them. Please ask your doctor for some guidance regarding the side effects of this medication, which might include some changes in your diet. Have you had any therapy to help with your insomnia? I know that you had changed your work schedule in order to work nights, but I am wondering if some therapy might be helpful.  Monthly hormonal changes cause mood swings and anxiety increases for many women. How to handle this has been an on-going discussion and it would seem that since it only happens during that one time of the month there should be something useful just then. You may wish to discuss this with your doctor or your GYN to see if they may suggest something just for that time of the month. You may also wish to begin engaging in some regular exercise program during the month and see how this might be helpful for you. I would suggest that, before you begin the exercise, you begin keeping a log as you go along. See how your moods may fluctuate with the exercise program and if it does, indeed, help at that specific time of the month.  Whenever someone is taking medications for specific problems, such as psychiatric or orthopedic pain, it would seem a good idea to refer to a specialist. I'm not an M.D., but, certainly, someone who specializes in disorders of the spine, other than a surgeon, should be consulted on your husband's case and might make recommendations as to alternative medications and some course of physical therapy. The Xanax and Klonopin that he is on may be used for muscle relief, too. It is really in someone's clinical judgment where determinations are made regarding which medications to prescribe and a general practitioner may not have the expertise required. My recommendation, therefore, would be to consider a second opinion with specialists in the areas where he needs help.  ...I'm wondering what might be causing this excessive anxiety right now. Usually, if there is no medical cause, it is related to some stressful situation or situation that has, over time, caused stress to build up. Please take a careful look at your life over the past two years and see if there is any change in some aspect of your life. When you do this, look at both the positive things as well as the negative things that have happened. Believe it or not, positive things can be just as stressful as negative things. Stress builds up over time and you may not even have realized that you were stressed but your body knew it and it was winding up like a spring. Now it seems the spring has sprung. Several things you will want to do to help yourself now and in the future include any appropriate lifestyle changes in terms of exercise, sleep, diet, and getting out and having some fun in social or hobby situations. Even gardening can help reduce stress. We've seen this in major studies done with cardiac patients. ...I would suggest, however, that you include relaxation breathing. ...  Tell your doc about this and also do some research on the specific teas you are using. Sometimes they can cause problems with meds, and sometimes they contain things that can cause problems unrelated to the meds. Herbal doesn't necessarily mean it's totally good for you.  I think you may need an evaluation by your doc and, maybe, a referral to a sleep medicine specialist. Sleep disturbances related to anxiety can often be treated quite effectively with some cognitive behavioral interventions. There is also a need to consider the environment where you sleep and how you can best improve it. Take a look at "sleep hygiene" on the internet and see if there's something you can do which is self-help related.  I'll bet there's something over which he has little or no control and it might serve as an illustration of what you're going through. Sometimes it's a job or concerns about money and that might help if you can get him to talk about his concerns.  Sleep isn't always a question of meds. Many times it can be anxiety, built up stress or lack of exercise, too. Yes, anxiety and depression do interfere with sleep, but the most recent research on the subject points to cognitive behavioral therapy being one of the most effective ways to fix this problem. Why not give it some thought and see if you can get a referral to an experienced psychologist?  You bring up two important issues regarding the treatment of ADHD with medications. First, the difficulty finding the right combination of medications when co-existing conditions are present and, second, the use of ADHD medications during pregnancy. When choosing a medication to address ADHD symptoms, it is extremely important to keep co-existing conditions in mind and not make them worse with treatment. Some co-existing conditions such as mild depression/demoralization or anxiety may be the result of untreated ADHD and will improve once the ADHD is treated. However, some stimulants may make anxiety (or depression) worse, particularly those in the amphetamine class, so its best to avoid those if you can if you have anxiety. In addition, other therapies such as cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) have been shown to improve symptoms of anxiety in persons with ADHD. This treatment can be a particularly useful adjunct for those with anxiety/self-esteem issues or who can not take medications for whatever reason. That brings us to the second issue, pregnancy and medications used to treat ADHD. Basically, the stimulants are not recommended for use during pregnancy in order to avoid any possibility of damage to the developing fetus. There have been no studies done in humans, but cardiac defects have been seen in animals given very high doses of stimulants during pregnancy. If you are contemplating getting pregnant, it is best to discuss this with your prescribing physician and ob/gyn and wean off any stimulant treatment.  You bring up two important issues regarding the treatment of ADHD with medications. First, the difficulty finding the right combination of medications when co-existing conditions are present and, second, the use of ADHD medications during pregnancy. When choosing a medication to address ADHD symptoms, it is extremely important to keep co-existing conditions in mind and not make them worse with treatment. Some co-existing conditions such as mild depression/demoralization or anxiety may be the result of untreated ADHD and will improve once the ADHD is treated. However, some stimulants may make anxiety (or depression) worse, particularly those in the amphetamine class, so its best to avoid those if you can if you have anxiety. In addition, other therapies such as cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) have been shown to improve symptoms of anxiety in persons with ADHD. This treatment can be a particularly useful adjunct for those with anxiety/self-esteem issues or who can not take medications for whatever reason. That brings us to the second issue, pregnancy and medications used to treat ADHD. Basically, the stimulants are not recommended for use during pregnancy in order to avoid any possibility of damage to the developing fetus. There have been no studies done in humans, but cardiac defects have been seen in animals given very high doses of stimulants during pregnancy. If you are contemplating getting pregnant, it is best to discuss this with your prescribing physician and ob/gyn and wean off any stimulant treatment.  luckylucas, First, have you had any traumatic experiences in the past few years? You describe reliving these exeriences for days, and in one case you mention this has been going on for years. Do you suffer from hypervigilence, (always looking over your shoulder) to see if anything frightening is there. Do you see on TV, in public, hear conversations or noises that remind you of a traumatic event. Do you have startled responses to certain stimuli that remind you of traumatic issues. Is your sleep good or bad. Do you anger easily, or isolate yourself? If so, you may want to see a Psychologist or Psychiatrist and have an evaluation for PTSD. Disorders, like phobias, panic attacks, depression, and obsessive compulsive behaviors are very much a part of the PTSD syndrome. The key to your question is, "I cant make it go away" which is a classic example of PTSD. These are called Intrusive Thoughts; you cannot get rid of. Ordinarily treatment for GAD, Panic Attack, and OCD are very treatable with therapy and medication. However, PTSD is one of only two memory based disorders in DSM-5. The other is Dementia or Alzheimer's Disease. Basically what I am saying is, you cannot erase a memory is why PTSD is usually a life long disorder with no cure. The best treatment is a combination of medications and management of your symptoms. I hope this helps. Patrick4287 Licensed Psychologist  Often medications taken over a period of time tend not to effective. Since your son seems to be doing better, there is no need to continue medications as they are. The doctor is doing the right thing by reducing medicatipns to the lowest effective level. It is much better to dose down than to dose up. Too mich medication when not needed can be detrimental. Be happy your son is showing signs of improvrment, which is not always the case.  Anxiety is a terrible thing. It can make you feel like you are going to go off the deep end. There are meds out there that a not addiction and that will most likely help you. If you have had it this long, maybe it is time to start taking something. Research the meds out there and go see your doctor to let him help you. Don't lose anymore days of your life to this and good luck.  I know what you are going through is scary, I have had most of the symptoms you mentioned in the past. I think that it would be worth seeing a doctor because they provided me with a lot help and now I am more stable. I know that it can also be scary going to a doctor, but remember that you are in control of the situation and if you feel uncomfortable suggest a new doctor. I hope this helps.  I had the same problem, severely, a few years ago (almost every day, to the point that I had to retire early). I improved quite a bit years ago with the help of a service dog, who could sense when I was about to have an attack and alert me to take anti-anxiety medicine before the attack happened. However, what really helped me at first was to take prophylactic medication until my generalized level of anxiety decreased. (I did relaxation, desensitization therapy and other relaxation methods like yoga, but it wasn't until the attacks reduced that any of it helped.) In the meantime, the best thing you can do for your friend is to help her with a solution for her REAL fear - vomiting in public. Encourage her to carry a plastic zip-loc bag in her purse (so if she does get sick she won't make a mess that others will have to deal with), and tell her if she feels that she is going to be sick in public you will help her get to a private place to be sick if necessary. There is also an over-the-counter medication called Emetrol that will calm the vomiting reflex and allow her to relax and calm down. I still have occasional serious nausea attacks, but I ALWAYS carry at least water and sometimes diet soda to calm my stomach. (For what it's worth, I think my extreme anxiety on the subject was caused by a kindergarten classmate who vomited all over me during nap-time.) The fear of vomiting in public is not typical, but it can be very debilitating - and it is much more difficult to treat than a fear of heights or claustrophobia. It is virtually impossible to do progressive desensitization for vomiting - it's kind of difficult to "partially" vomit, then relax!  Yes, some antidepressants and cardiac medications can interfere with sexual activity, so please discuss this openly with your doctor, since I do not know what meds are you are taking. The size of your penis should not be drastically changing, no more than your hands or feet getting smaller. It may seem that way if you are having erectile problems. This is another common male disorder that may be able to be rectified, but any use of ED meds will need to be prescribed by your doctor -- someone who knows your medical history, the medications you are taking, and can examine you.  No more (and probably less) than any trace hormones that may be in bodily fluids in a heterosexual relationship. Those minute traces will not result in any harm or cause side effects in a partner.  Adderall is a powerful stimulant , the same as methamphetamines/speed -- and can most-definitely cause anxiety reaction and agitation. It does not typically cause back pain, etc., so other sources need to be medically-investigated. Your doctor may need to try you on a different medication for your ADD, or whatever reason you are taking the Adderall. http://www.webmd.com/drugs/drug-63163-Adderall+Oral.aspx  You are asking a question that could not be answered over the Internet. We do not know anything about you, your medical history....but more importantly, we have no way of examining you and/or ordering any diagnostic tests. Before attributing any medical condition to stress or anxiety, a medical provider must first rule out all organic causes that could be attributed to your array of symptoms. I would strongly suggest that you see your medical provider -- someone who knows you and your medical history -- for a thorough, diagnostic evaluation.  St John's Wort is an herb and will not show up or be tested on a urine drug screen. Obviously, the medical marijuana will be detected.  The amount of radiation involved in a CT scan would not justify the use as a screening test for the general population. It would probably cause more cancer than it would find. There are very specific symptoms and signs that would indicate an intracranial problem, so it would be best to screen these patients first with a neurological exam, rather than just recommending that all people get a brain CT scan...just like a pap smear or mammogram.  Having your husband or a trusted female friend would be great. Talk to you women friends, too. Having someone with you will make you feel safer. t may not be the exam...but the examiner, so consider getting a female nurse practitioner or PA, or find a very kind and compassionate gynecologist. To many, unfortunately, this intimate exam is so routine....almost like a dentist looking in your mouth...that they may not take the time and care to do it gently. Again, ask your friends for a referral to someone they find to be helpful. Your primary care medical provider can give you a short-acting, anti-anxiety medication if you ask. Something like Xanax at a low-dose may be helpful. Look deep inside yourself to see if there was a stressful event in the past that may be surfacing when you are having a gynecological exam. If so, a counselor may be able to help you deal with this very specific anxiety.  Anxiety is a very complex reaction. The causes are very individual --- what would cause anxiety in one person, may not affect another. A low-carb diet per se does not cause anxiety, but that does not mean it is not a factor for you. Dieting and losing weight is stressful in itself.  Call the pharmacist that filled this prescription for you. They have a list of your medications and may be able to quickly identify it. Many generic medications now used by pharmacies will have conflicting numbers or colors, and the accurate identification of this drug is really vital. You should never take anything that (a) was not specifically prescribed for you, and (b) not in the original, labled, child-proof container that the pharmacy provided.  I think there are much more effective anti-anxiety treatments than using medical marijuana. This would be like treating sleep disorders with Vodka, or treating fatigue with methamphetamines.  I do not believe that sex deprivation causes harm. Countless people on this planet are celebate, like priests or nuns, and are quite well-adjusted. Humans have many biological urges. If a person cuts you off in traffic, you may want to cause him harm, but you do not. As a child in a candy store, you may have the urge to steal candy, but you don't. You have strong sexual urges and you may be having difficulty dealing with them. Because you also have depression, anxiety, OCD, and panic attacks, all of these feelings may be overwhelming you. Yes, you do need some help. I am sorry but I am not aware of any web sites that deal with sexual deprivation, but this would not be the way to go for you. I do not know if you are a religious man, but you may be able to find help through a church or church-sponsored organization. Many communities have community mental health facilities that can provide some immediate and long-term care for you, perhaps in the way of medications or counseling. Rather than spend time on the Internet searching for sites that deal with sexual deprivation, devote this time to help yourself find the proper care in your area. I am confident that you will find help.  If this is a testiclar torsion, you need to go to the ER....now. A torsion is a medical emergency, Unfortunately, I have no way to reach out and examine you and order a doppler ultrasound to make the diagnosis.  Yes....anxiety and/or depression would be a normal, human response to knowing that you have an "uncurable, severe illness". Treating the anxiety is just as important as trying to treat the illness.  Probably, but you get the specific "okay" from the oral surgeon since I do not know what type of anesthesia you will be getting, or your medical history.  Tension-type headaches would not be uncommon after an anxiety or panic attack. Anxiety can cause whole-body responses; not just headaches, but neckaches,backaches, nausea, upset stomach, diarrhea, elevated blood pressure, and many other stress-like reactions.  As you may know, it would be impossible to diagnose you over the Internet, especially if you are having complex psychiatric symptoms. Being evaluated by a good psychiatrist is your first and most important step. Should this mental health professional feel that you would benefit from medications to help you deal with your array of concerns, they can appropriately prescribe them for you. You owe it to yourself and those who love and care about you to get properly evaluated and treated.  You will need to address this question with your medical provider -- the one who knows you, your medical history, and the name of the medication and dosage of anxiety medication you are taking.  It would be unlikely that any effects of the Xanax would be present three days later since it tends to wear off in 6-8 hours.  This can be a complicated issue, but yes, anxiety could be one of the major, underlying issues.....made worse over time. It would be in your best interest, as a couple, for him to see his medical provider first (to rule out any organic reasons), perhaps followed by some couple counseling. You may have to lovingly coerce him to do both.  You have an anxiety disorder, so you will likely worry no matter what I tell you. Unfortunately, it would be impossible to determine the true nature of your recent event based solely on the information in your posting, so you will need to wait until you see your doctor -- someone who knows your medical history and can examine you. If your doctor or cardiologist feels it is clinically important, they can order an "event monitor" where you can record any (future) episodes as an ECG for later review.  I certainly do not know enough about you or your case to pronounce you "well" and free of all cardiac disease. If you are worried about the status of your heart, see a cardiologist and have an ECG taken on a treadmill. If the cardiologist pronounces you heart-healthy then you can be assured that all is well.  Nicotine is a powerful stimulant, and you can definitely get reactions. While your anxiety may be more complicated than just nicotine, it would obviously be best for you not to smoke anymore. There are medications that can help, but you will need to see your medical provider to have them prescribed. The effects of the nicotine exposure should be waning each day, so it is unlikely that you will have any permanent effects. Again, since anxiety can be much more complex as to the causes, seeing your health care provider would be advised.  Dosage of Zoloft is INDIVIDUALLY determined by your medical provider, based on your medical history, response to previous treatments, level of symptoms, etc. There are not "common ranges", just the proper dosage that is determined by your medical provider, and even this dosage must be titrated or adjusted based on your clinical response. I am not sure of the reason you are asking this question, but the pharmacological management of OCD, anxiety, and depression is not something YOU should be doing on your own.  Not technically, although a parent of a teenager can sure have depression and anxiety 13 years later. After three years (or 13), it not considered post-partum depression, but it is depression (and/or anxiety) nonetheless. This person needs medical help.  You will need to see a medical provider, or a psychiatrist so that you can be properly assessed. There are many prescription medications that can help you.  Yes it can or at least I have on that medication. I am also hungry and just down right mean.  I have had Fibromyalgia for thirty years. It is a debilitating condition that had gotten progressively worse through the years. I was at a point where I was physically unable to do most things people take for granted. Walking, climbing stairs, standing from a sitting position had become extremely difficult. The overwhelming pain and stiffness throughout my body was never ending. I spent years going to countless doctors to no avail. The medical community does not have any answers for this condition. I was living on pain medication which had little effect. I tried a support group at a local rehab hospital and did not find it helpful. In fact, I found it to be depressing. I have always tried to be positive through this whole ordeal. I never gave up searching for the "cure". I have to admit I was getting discouraged. I had lived most of my life in constant pain, something no one can understand unless they have experienced it. It was discouraging to think I would spend the rest of my life like this. My sister called me on day last year stating that she had heard of a local doctor who had opend a practice dedicated to treating pain. He claimed to have a treatment for Fibromyalgia. I felt I had nothing to lose so I made an appointment to see him. His name is Dr. D'Amato. His practice is called Calmar Pain Refief Therapy and is located in West Warwick, Rhode Island. After the first treatment I felt a difference in my level of pain. I continued for ten more threatments over the course of two weeks. At the end of my treaments the pain and stiffness was almost gone!! My level of pain was down 95%. It was my '"cure". I felt I was given my life back. I was able to return to a life I left a long time ago. I started exercising again. Before I became disabled by the fibro, I was very active and exercised regularly. After my treatment, I joined a gym, started walking and swimming regularly. I am still working out with a trainer just as I did many years ago. I am recommending anyone with pain to Google Calmar Pain Relief Therapy. It is almost a year after my treatments and although I have noticed a little regression with some of the pain I am still 85% to 90% pain free. I know you live in another state but It would be worth the trip. Plus Rhode Island is a very pretty state to visit. Good Luck  See another doctor, anxiety is not fun. xanax would help keep your mind from being over active and help you sleep, calm you down. See a psychiatrist, thats what I did, my parents in denial also. They think seeing a shrink means your crazy, but all it is, is a chemical imbalance in the brain. sambaluk@yahoo.com  It is not good to sit on your anxiety and do nothing. Yes, it does cause emotional and physical pain. Definitely. I've been through it, still battle it, and know what you mean. You must become proactive. Get started immediately to help yourself. Few people will understand how you feel. Unfortunately. You will have to do a lot, but not everything, alone. Maybe this (below) will help you in some way? I hope so.  I'm not a medical professional, but I am also bipolar, and used to take lamictal, for several years. I am approximately twice your size, and took 200mg BID, and Abilify. If I were in your place, I would talk with my Dr about trying to get off the Lexapro, as you are now taking 2 anti-convulsive medications, which I've always been leery of, and ask about adding something along those lines.  I would suggest getting him evaluated by his physician, sooner rather than later. There are several different things that can cause this type of sudden behavior change, but diagnosis will probably require a test or two. Good Luck!  So obviously this is a while later and I hope that you have seen your doctor and had your urine checked for infetcion. Chills associated with infections usually means a severe infection, usually with buring, blood in urine, pain, urgency to pee, having to urinate very frequently, weak stream etc. My guess is from what you said it was just the environment or somehting else but each person is different and for one person may be severe symptoms others may have minimal symptoms of same infection.  This happens and could be from hormone issues that somehow primed your brain as a girl while you were a growing baby in your mother's womb, though genetically a boy. You do need to see PhD therapists and talk to pediatric specialists as this has lots of implications and possible options, including gender reassignment surgery later in life. Good luck.  Speak to the dentist about various anxiety-reducing methods, such as hypnosis, therapy, medication, or nitrous oxide. Sometimes, just becoming more familiar with the procedures will help a lot.  There are chances that yes you can get pregnant, but one needs to know a lot to answer. many women do get early pregnancy but not as early as 19 days cycle. Also like to know is your period length normal or has shorten as many women confuse in their regular period and pregnancy spotting. I do like to advice you to go for a pregnancy test or see a gyno. Source:- pharmacysell  I also have severe anxiety. I am only 17, so I do not know what a drunk/high feeling is like. However, I am familiar with the spaced out sensation. These are factors that contributed to my spaced out feeling: In addition, depending on what form of anxiety you have, perhaps your worried thoughts are always on your mind and thus prevent you from staying in the moment. This was true for me - I have OCD. I think it would be in your best interest to see a psychiatrist.  If the medication is in the Benvo. family, like Valium , it is very addictive and used for short term.  You may have a lot of pain in your abdomen as well as problems with your bowel movements like going too much or not enough. Also pain when going. Fevers and vomitting sometimes occur. The location of where you had the surgery or around that area it could cause a fistula that's when your body produces a pocket from inside but makes a hole outside to release poison. The key is look for pain and swelling in the area of surgery. Good luck.  I am not sure about your mental health background but if your not feeling like the symptoms your having dont seem to fit your meds. Research yourself try to force motivate. If you feel depressed your pill is what you need probably. Also just for me, have you ever checked yourself for Aspergers disease its a condition that people have and feel less emotions or you're less emotional than most people. Your not as happy but your not sad and you don't show alot of emotion? Relationships are hard because your partner complains you emotionally don't give as much...take care, I hope this helps.  I am only 18 and I suffered from anxiety much like that when I was 16. I went to a counsler & a therapist. They had put me on medication for anxiety as well. I took the medication for about a year and I was noticing great improvements! Sometimes anxiety is simply caused by something in your life that is bothering you, or stressing you out. Once that problem is fixed or seems to get better, sometimes the anxiety can get better or even go away. I took myself off of the medication that I was prescribed. I have anxiety attacks once & awhile but nothing like I used to. I dont think that it is harmful, unless he has a very severe condition. I would talk to his doctor about it & make sure that it is the right decision before anything is acted upon.  I have anxiety as well! Sometimes things like that can cause emotional damage that will bring on anxiety, it may never go away. When I had anxiety attacks I would shake, heart rate would go up, hearing would decrease, and I would feel like I couldnt breathe. It would take me awhile to calm myself down. I started going to a counsler and a thereapist & I was put on medication. Sometimes just having someone to talk to can really help you. I eventually took myself off of the medication about 2 years ago. But i just had my daughter in november & that has brought them back again. I am now on paxil for anxiety. Maybe try going to talk to someone, or try a medication that is made for anxiety. Sometimes those things can really improve it.  Generalized anxiety disorder affects the way a person thinks, but the anxiety can lead to physical symptoms, as well. Symptoms of GAD can include: Excessive, ongoing worry and tension. An unrealistic view of problems. Restlessness or a feeling of being "edgy." Irritability. Muscle tension. Headaches. Sweating. Difficulty concentrating. Nausea. The need to go to the bathroom frequently. Tiredness. Trouble falling or staying asleep. Trembling. Being easily startled. In addition, people with GAD often have other anxiety disorders (such as panic disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and phobias ), suffer from depression , and/or abuse drugs or alcohol.  a sphycologist will help with that and also sometimes anxiety is linked to depression so you should get him to a doctor as soon as possible.  I would recommend seeing a Dr right away. My husband and I both suffer from anxiety and heart palpitations. I have really bad fatigue. I have slept for over 48 hrs and still felt tired. My husband does not have any fatigue. We have never had tightness in our chests except during an anxiety attack but it goes away. From previous experience, if you are having any kind of chest pain, tightness or whatever and it is not getting better. You need to see a Dr right away. There could be something else going on. I wish you the best and I hope that my input helps in someway.  Hi : ) I am also 32 yrs old! I have been suffering with depression and Anxiety(attacks) for about 14 years. I have always been the person that sits in the back of a crowd, not wanting to socialize. I would rather have someone approach to say hi. I can never get the courage to do it on my own. I find that it really helps to have a friend or someone that you know, next to you. That's probably hard in meetings. I would suggest to try and put all of your thoughts in what's happening in the meeting. If you have to listen to someone talking, concentrate only on that person and what they are saying. That is what I did in class. I tried to make it feel like I was the only one in there and the teacher, co- worker, boss or whatever, was only talking to me. I really hope that some of this advise works. I wish you the best : )  well ask your doctor because usually they would know best. but im on vistaril i take it before bed to make me sleep, and in the daytime as needed for anxiety. vistaril is sometimes also used as an allergy medication so i would imagine it wouldnt harm your breathing. i dont have asthma though.  it depends -are you anxious about what you've eaten? can cause anxiety, if it makes you anxious. if you are upset about having overeaten, worrying about the repercussions, or obsessing about it, then it is very possible. evaluate your eating patterns -could it be an eating disorder? are you over eating because of emotions or an unhealthy diet? there's some good sources on here about eating issues, look them up. and if you think you may be emotionally over eating, talk to a trusted doctor or one specializing in eating disorders -after all, emotional eating is a form of disordered eating, which can be a precursor or sign of an eating disorder. source: personal anxiety and eating disorder with professional treatment for three years  it's safe if your doctor said it is, and only then. adjusting your medication on your own can cause severe side effects, especially if you're using multiple at the same time. because of your low weight, they may not be able to increase it much, either. give them a call if you feel you need to have a change made -usually, you can talk over the phone or they can squeeze you in. also, remember neither of these are fast-acting medications so increasing your dosage suddenly won't do much. coping skills are your best option for quick and near instant results, though medication will help you in the long run. source: three-ish years of being on anxiety/depression medication in conjunction with an eating disorder. i've also seen around five different psychiatrists.  I suggest going to your doctor and describing exactly what you are going through. Also, if this is not the first time this has happened, you need to mention that as well. When you are severely agitated, do you feel like you are outside yourself looking in and wanting to stop yourself from doing or saying whatever is going on, but it's like you have no control over what you are doing? Make a list of all the things that you do or feel so you don't forget, like if you have tons of energy out of the blue, or go on major shopping sprees, or if you feel like no one cares about you or your feelings. Search deep within yourself, even the things that you hate to think about, much less talk about, and write it all down and go to your doctor. he may have some options for you. I am no doctor, but by what you described is what I used to feel like and then some. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and anxiety disorder. I used to get panic attacks all the time but they went away. I'm not diagnosing you, but suggesting that you see a doctor. You may just be going through something that happens when the seasons change, ironically called Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD.)  I think it would help your anxiety . I have anxiety also and when I work out I feel a lot better. I use it as a form of meditation. When you exercise, try and think of things that make you feel peaceful and calm, or try and find your inner strength, center yourself. Using that extra energy should help.  probably not, because they are both diazapams  1. Watch what you eat. 2.Keep in touch with your doctor because there is nothing over the shelf you can take to keep your HDL and vitamin D up. You can take a vitamin supplement; However, it will go straight to your bladder. See, your body makes its own vitamins D as well as other vitamins, and minerals by the food you eat. It is a process. In the meantime, check out these sites: http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/hdl-cholesterol/CL00030 http://www.vitaminddeficiencysymptomsguide.com/symptoms-of-low-vitamin-d-levels/  My wife and I made a picture book for our Autisic son going through similar situation. Basically reassuring that mom or dad were definetly going to be back to get him. After we made the book, we explained all the pages to him and helped him understand what each page meant to him, he has had no troubles since! Good luck, hopefully its not another ear infection and hopefully this will be helpful to you!  I found this information in an article - on the symptoms of heart burn: Many people have different acid reflux-related heartburn triggers, but most people have similar heartburn symptoms. A burning feeling in the chest just behind the breastbone that occurs after eating and lasts a few minutes to several hours. Chest pain, especially after bending over, lying down, or eating. Burning in the throat -- or hot, sour, acidic or salty-tasting fluid at the back of the throat. Difficulty swallowing. Feeling of food "sticking" in the middle of the chest or throat. Heartburn may cause chronic cough, sore throat, or chronic hoarseness. Reporting these symptoms is usually all that is needed for your doctor to make the diagnosis of heartburn. However, your doctor may perform special tests to determine the severity of your problem or to monitor your treatment. Special tests may also be needed if you have unusual symptoms such as weight loss or suffer from the complications of GERD. : http://www.webmd.com/heartburn-gerd/guide/heartburn-symptoms I hope this helps!  Hi, I have had these sorts of feelings when I was overwhelmed with work or family stress. But I felt compelled to also send you a link to this article on heart attacks and women - not to scare you - but because you can never be too careful with your health.  Ask your doctor about Lexapro taken daily. It has helped me to deal with the chronic anxiety,stress and depression from Crohns and it's effect on me physically and socially.  The benefits are less usage of prescription pain medication, regaining an appetite, far fewer effects from stress and anxiety, depression, and it helps with apathy, greater empathy for others with like problems, and I could probably quit taking some of the 15+ other medications I am now taking. Another benefit is the time your mind is occupied with while growing, learning, and having someone to talk to who never talks back, but show their appreciation by growing up big and strong. The down side of MJ use is...uhh is...is...Oh yeah, some short term memory loss. There are some things I'd rather forget than be troubled with every day. Another down side is the cost unless you are allowed to grow this medicine for yourself. And, of course, you do not drive under the influence of Marijuana. The first problem with MJ's use is the amount of time the chemicals remain in your body. Even though you are no longer "HIGH" from MJ, it will still be found in a UA or Blood test, and, even when the effects have left your brain, you may still be found "GUILTY of being under the influence unless you have an enlightened Judge. One other problem is Doctors. I treat with a pain clinic, and if I turn in a "dirty" UA, I am assured, will receive no further pain prescription pain medication. I'm not sure if this would be legal; to allow a person to have to go through withdrawals from Oxycontin and Hydrocodone. I've done it once when I lost my bottle of pain pills, and it was not enjoyable. When I use POT, I use far fewer of them, and I doubt now that I would suffer nearly as much as I would when going without. There are no withdrawal from Marijuana, for me anyway. And I cannot believe anyone could actually be called and consider themselves "ADDICTED" to MJ. It is the loss of being allowed it's use that brings on added stress and more depression. After having used MJ for the prior 28 years for a low back injury, and before having to switch Doctors, I was just fine. Close to the same has now occurred in the Mobile Home Park where I reside; facing eviction if I were to be found "guilty" of doing what the state tells me I can do. I have now taken a don't ask-don't tell attitude. I will use again, and I will grow again; with or without anyone's permission, even, and I hate this, if I have to lie to health care workers. I have this problem because I've been honest with my Physicians. Never again will I mention Marijuana...this sucks!!!  I would ask your doctor if it's possible that you have panic disorder. To me it sounds like you're having "baby" panic attacks, but I'm not an expert. I've had panic disorder for about five years, and that is how mine started.  I've actually been diagnosed with panic disorder for about five years. At first, I was having 3 or 4 severe attacks a day. Now, I rarely have then and when I do, they're what I call "baby attacks." The best way to get through an attack, for me, is to MOVE, Run, walk, jump and down, whatever.    All these sympotm your are describing are common with anxiety.they are uncomfortable at first, but give the meds a chance to work, and you will see that some and maybe all of these symptoms will go away in time.  Let her know that what she is afraid of is not the worst thing in the world. everyone gets sick and if you can get her to understand getting sick in front of everyone will not kill her and she wouldn't be the first, she probably will not get sick. have her imagine what she is most afraid of and the most likely resposnse of those around her. Chances are she has visions much worse than reality and can understand that.  Yes I think so  Thank you for those answers. Turns out, I am not pregnant, just experiencing what the doctor called a hysterical pregnancy. My hormones are crazy and the anxiety was adding to it. But thank you again for the answers!   I THINK if " things"  There is a site you can go on for all the support you need it is www.patientslikeme.com.there you can get support,suggestions,help,ask questions and track your pain and any progress along the way.I use it and it is a great site  I have two types of multiple sclerosis. Have had it since I was 16. It is very normal to have anxiety. Don't let it overcome you though. Take charge as much as can handle and don't hesitate to ask for help. Good luck   I facilitate a GriefShare worldwide program that helps people who are grieving a death to find solace and to learn what to expect in the different phases of grief. It can be very normal to develop physical symptoms like you are having. To be a part of a GriefShare program go to www.griefshare.org and check in your area by entering your zip code to see if there is one available near you. I have seen it help many to understand that grief is real, it is normal after a loss, but the good news is that it will end. Grieving and missing your loved one is not the same thing. You will stop grieving in time, but you will always miss them and thankfully missing them is much easier than the grieving process. My prayer is that you can find a GriefShare near you and begin very soon. God Bless You  It is possible that this is just a temporary side-effect as your body adjusts to the new drug. I would probably take a few more doses and go from there. I recently started Zoloft for anxiety (along with my Klonopin which I have been on for 2 years) and I have had no side effects after 5 days. None of the typical gastrointestinal, nausea, etc. However, Cymbalta is an SNRI and Zoloft is an SSRI. I am not sure, but I do believe that SNRIs can come with more side effects. You may want to ask your doctor why an SNRI was chosen.  Also, consider why you changed from Lexapro. Lexapro is generally considered to be more effective in treating anxiety than Celexa. I know someone who had success with Lexapro but the sexual side effects were too pronounced. They switched to Zoloft and had the same success and a decrease in sexual dysfunction.  First, I validate the fear, i.e. 'I know you are terrified.' Being dismissive might intensify their fears. Then, I listen to the fears. Usually, the person is aware the fear is some free-floating irrational, or undefinable feeling. Then, I begin reassuring the person that it will end, just hang in there. I usually hold their hand or stroke their back. Like some have said, breathing into a paper bag works well for most people. A tranquilizer works quickly. Any facts you can give them also is calming. I list the symptoms and potential solutions, so they know what to and what not to expect. I say things like 'It's okay, it sounds like you're having an anxiety attack. It will pass. It will not kill you. It is not a heart attack. They come on suddenly and they can leave just as suddenly. You will find your way home (that seems to the one of the symbolic underlying fears). I'm here with you. This won't last forever. It will end. You are safe.' One thing that seems to help more than anything is to have the person do a physical activity right there in the moment. Yoga, as one person suggested would be wonderful, if the situation allows it. Breathing in the bag is another good one. But any task that forces concentration back to the moment puts them in touch with 'reality.' It's nearly impossible to give energy to the fear when one is doing a physical task. And lastly, I have discovered that caffeine often triggers an attack. Too much coffee, tea, soda, etc. often is the culprit. So you might want to ask them if they ingested a good deal of caffeine an hour or more before the attack. If so, they may have a caffeine allergy. I hope this helps.  Get some professional help. They dx and prescribe meds if needed. See a psychiatrist and a good counselor. Good Luck  Simply put... No, Vitamin K is absolutely necessary to your health and well being. Your anxiety is most likely caused by your mind alone..  I'd go see Dr. Phil jk. I wouldn't worry about it, most likely you tore tissue in your rectum from masturbation as it appears to have been your first time. Don't stress about it since it only happened once and was a little bit of blood and some people have phobias to that such as myself. Maybe get some ky jelly or lube before you try again ;)  Look I wouldn't worry if you can't get off antidepressants, diabetics can't come off insulin, & if you feel good stay on them, as a friend of mine told me once you can't tell when my son is on medication but you can tell when he comes off it, I have experienced this too so I know what you mean, I have had bad depression due to a bad relationship & coming off sleeping pills as using them to help me cope not for sleeping, if I get married then I will worry about them then, my Dr said if you are happy on them & they causing no problem stay on them, it's nothing to be ashamed of, just be careful who you tell though, as some people very unkind. Hope this helps  Yes I think you should be able to as I was on an antidepressant also until my depressant kicked in Dr gave me some stuff like Xanax, back in NZ which was very helpful it means you can start living again until the antidepressants kick in, then just take xanax as needed, I am on no xanax on anything @ the moment only 2 antidepressants but will be gng back to Dr in Feb 2014 & hopefully getting on to some anti anxiety med when needed only, hope this is helpful  If I was you, I would go to a good Dr & have a checkup, & talk, there are some gr8 medications out there today, I know as I am on 2 lots of antidepressants & 2014 is going to be the best year ever after 2 bad relationships, 2 councillors & a Physic lady & a new Dr I am doing wonderful it took me 3 & a half mths before my new drug kicked in, there is hope out there as my neice told me it is easier to stay up, than get up, one of the things even if you don't feel like doing it, is getting up & being normal, you will get there, I had to do this & it was hard work I tell you, but it gets easier & going to bed @ normal hours, & plan your day & do everything you normally do, ask you Dr for a mild anti anxiety drug too until the other anti depressants kick in GOOD LUCK  No, you don't need to I have always been an excitable anxious child & adult & have experienced 5 panic attacks, mostly due to a relationship problem, you need to go to your Dr & tell them, councilling very good also & anti anxiety drugs also & maybe a low dose antidepressant, hope this helps  Yes!!! Go right away. You should be able to get some assistance even with no insurance. And if there's a Wal-green's in your area they offer a prescription discount card that may help with your lack of funds for a mood stabilizer. If not, try Sam's Club or Costco. Even if you're not a member by law they have to grant you access to their pharmacy. Before I got insurance that's how I was able to afford my meds. Also check into Lithium. That's a low cost, highly effective mood stabilizer. I've been on it for three years and it's the best drug I've ever been on for my bipolar.  Yes!!! Defiantly!!! This often is a sign of deeper underlying problems such as abuse or suicidal leanings. Get help!!!  Seems like Anxiety and nerves can do alot more than most people would think. My nerves are really bad too at times and causes me upset stomach, bathroom trips. Hope everything works out for you!  No, you don't. I've had anxiety for a year now and have only experienced two panic attacks. Anxiety is mainly just a type of feeling people get. Some have it more serious, others don't.  It's normal to an extent. Hormones rage when before/during/ and after menstruating. even though you are on the pill you may not be getting enough of the hormones that you need to balance things out. Maybe try a stronger pill or maybe even low dose. If that doesnt work you may need to tal;k to your doctor about getting you something to help control that...like psych meds. hope this helps! Good luck  I and my 9 year old son suffer from bipolar disorder, which also can come with anxiety issues, so I can understand your concern.  Oh my, it sounds as if you're having a very rough time of things.  Hi, It sounds like your accident was quite traumatic, and your symptoms may be due to stored emotional and or physiological sensations from the accident. Look at Traumasoma.com. Dr. Scaer is an expert on Trauma and his information may give you some insight and direction for treatment. Peter Levine is also a top expert in this area. Plenty of videos on YouTube also. Good luck!  Hello jean13. It's very good that you can reach out and talk about your issues. if you are way overweight then yes, exercise is always recommended...but not always necessary in 2011 i was able to lose 70 lbs in less than 5 months by doing no exercise. a life changing experience helped me to learn the secret to weight loss and how to look at life for what it is. Losing weight has to do with working less, not working more. depending on how overweight you are, you might not want to put too much pressure on a body that's already struggling with an amount of weight that's too much for your frame. losing weight is 100% mental. if you're mentally in it the body will follow and do its thing as long as you understand to get out of your own way. i also suffered from anxiety and depression. i beat the hell out it though. i had to take 47 pills a week. my condition got worse and worse. losing weight is about becoming aware of WHAT you are not who you are or what others are saying or doing or what your occupation is. your body doesn't understand that stuff. trust me...i speak from experience, not just reciting something i got off the internet, tv or some crap story in the tabloids. i just got finished losing 15 lbs in a week and a half. no problem. i'm telling you that you're much more powerful than you think and much more powerful than you've been taught in school, on tv, in magazines or even in church. The greatest dietary supplements and pharmacy on the planet is already in you. it's just waiting for you to throw the switches. You are divine. KNOW it! You are a product of nature, not something that's owned by a corporation. BE your own president. I'm always here if you need anything answered or just need to talk. i would like to know how much you weigh or how much you need to lose if you don't mind. Keep your head up and have a glorious, logical day!  sounds like hydrocele go to the dr and ask them about it  it's urgent to talk to your doctor about all of these things. if you don't have a therapist or psychiatrist , talk to your regular primary care doctor about these concerns. they will probably refer you to get a mental health evaluation and see a therapist/psychiatrist. the psychiatrist may or may not put you on meds to help with these issues. you could have Depression with Generalized Anxiety disorder or Bipolar disorder.  not sure at all, but my best guess is xanax helps really calm you down (for anxiety) and prozac puts you in a better mood (for depression). a year ago, i was put on 10mg of prozac for depression and i just felt in a better mood. but i think both meds help with both depression and anxiety.  one is a xanax 2.0 and diazapam is valuim they are both pretty much the same but they tend to work different on other people like xanax i cant take because i turn in to a retard and keep poppin more and more and now im on colonopin and i take like i am suppose to and they help and they dont make me retarded  That medicine is okay for anxiety, some people do have side effects but that goes along with all medicines. If you are not sure about taking it tell your doctor and they can try something else, but you may still have side effects. There are some otc sleeping aids you could try with less side effects, but I don't know how bad your anxiety is. You would just have to try and see. And if you just do that many a month you may be okay. But you need to talk to your doctor. Hope you find the right thing and get better.  You might want to look up information about Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder or (PMDD). It's a severe form of PMS. I had PMDD and was on anti-depressants as well, but right around the time I was due for my menstrual cycle, I too felt like my meds weren't working. Keep trying to get in touch with your psychiatrist.....  Xanax relaxes you so you don't dream and keeps u from being interrupted keeps you in REM sleep. So you relax more. That is what it does for me at any rate.  I always take mine as needed. It is very addictive.  Chronic Fatigue along with diabetes and depression can play a big role in your problems. Also the medications that you maybe on could also be a factor. I've got IBSD, CFS, FIBROMYALGIA, HERNIATED DISC, GERD, DDEPRESSION, SLEEP APNEA, VITAMIN DEFICIENCIES 2ND TO IBSD, and many other health problems. I have periods where I can sleep anywhere from 48-72 hrs straight. I used to take Provigil when I worked graveyards. When I've spoke to my doctor about this he looks at me as if I'm either crazy or lying. Have you tried any meds for this?  Unfortunately you're not alone. My last colonoscopy and endoscopy, I was wide awake and felt everything, it wasn't fun to say the least! I recently had a endoscopy and the nurse said a few of the other nurses had the procedure without any meds. She also stated they have patients who've requested no medication! It was very uncomfortable to say the least. I'm on a fentanyl patch so it's very hard to sedate me.  Xanax is a benzodiazepine & works by slowing down the movement of chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced, thus resulting in a reduction in nervous tension. It is usually used to treat anxiety & panic disorders, and anxiety caused by depression.  Definitely sounds like anxiety. I have anxiety and sometimes have constant heart palpitations from it. Check your sugar intake. Are you eating properly. Not having too much caffeine. Check your potassium levels too. All those could be effecting your heart rate as well.  Usually anti psychotic drugs have serious side effects, just stop taking them (Depends of the amount of pills you take please reduce it slowly and let your doctor knows that you are planning to leave them). Considering that anxiety can be just a mild stress situation. It can be treated with alternative medicine (natural) instead. I know the odor coming from your nose and mouth can be produce by the anti-acids you probably take for your stomach. Please leave these OTC as well, I will suggest to find out what it triggers your anxiety and to learn about your condition, might be better option and easier way to fight anxiety. If you look for professional help, get a holistic doctor. You might also get into a eating regimen, avoid foods that will upset your stomach. eg. Pizza, tomato sauce, chocolate, orange juice.Instead eat rice, oatmeal, almond milk they will sooth the lining of your tummy. Regarding your depression I am sure is associated with all of this medication pills for anxiety and anti-acid relievers that are affecting your gut where we find our neurotransmitters, if we lack our system to produce this important chemicals we are going to feel somehow sad and tired. It is very crucial that if you do all this changes, do it progressively and exercise at least three times a week. Remember we have to remove toxicities from our body, medications stays in your system for a long period. Be patient.  Your body probably just got use to the drug. Talk to your doctor. Maybe he can increase your dose or you can talk about other medications.  some medications like proton pump inhibitors can cause an increased heart rate though.  Best thing i did was got a note book and wrote everything down that was on my mind and it was the best thing i ever did it helped me out alot  I dont know for sure but i have GERD and it causes my heart rate elevate.  tension, pressure,confusion,stress,arguing  yes i think it would because it is a permanant operation that cant b reversed and you have to be 100%positive of you're decision because you can't change your mind once it's done!!!!  He is having an anxiety disorder and his symptoms are quiet severe so he definitely needs medication at least for 6months. So consult a psychiatrist and take regular medications so that he could be free from his symptoms. And also he can do relaxation therapy daily along with medications so that he can manage and see a difference in him. Or he could even go for yoga for 1 or 2 months. Gud luck  hello -- in the depression community, http://forums.webmd.com/3/depression-exchange/forum/6522 (first and tenth posts), we have a list of resources for finding free/low-cost medical care, including counseling. take a look there for some other ideas. i'm so sorry you are suffering such heartache. -- susie margaret  I would not to error on the side of caution. I just copied this from the PDR (Physian's Desk Reference) " Risk of Fetal Harm - Benzodiazepines can potentially cause fetal harm when administered to pregnant women." So, I hope this helps answer your question. Good luck and be safe. I hope you get the answer that you want at the Docter's tomorrow.  No, you should not. They both can be harmful to the baby. If you can try drinking some Chamomile Sleeptime tea, take a hot bath, meditate, anything that is relaxing and soothing. I also have axiety and there have been time I have had to go without my meds..... it is wicked hard and I have a 10 year old son to boot! I love him to my soul, but there are those days. I found this is what helps me. If I ask my parents to take my son for the afternoon, make a VERY large cup of Chamomile tea, make sure it's the Sleeptime, take a hot bath, then go crawl in bed and put my favorate radio station on very low, just sing the songs ...... then I can get through it. Well, thats what works or me. If even trying to get through my lenghty process takes your mind off what your triggers are until you can get through the day, then what is the harm?..... nothing to that baby! Aha!!!! Good luck and Congrats on your little bundle of JOY!!!    Yes, I take that same meds. It help a little but it takes a while to take effect. Trying find something on journal or atrical for this condotion and is it related to chrinic Fatigue Syndrome?  damn!.. That's a slew of diagnoses, my heart felt sympathies...What you list, might in toto, require separate but inter-related medical treatments. It might also make it impossible to determine which ones if any are producing the desired outcomes. What's going on now?...why do you want to make yet another change? What is your relationship to your current shrink? I have been on and off and on and off meds for years. It's a roller coaster. Lots of meds don;t work very well frankly and can work differently for each person.. Take an inventory... perhaps a list of why/why not meds.. why/why not change them. Accept who you are.  It is definitely safe. You want to be careful to see how they interact with each other at a time when you can lay down if necessary. I take four 1 mg Xanax a day and two 7.5/325 mg of Norco (hydrocodone) everyday. Make sure your doctors are aware of your medical history and all medications.  Anxiety cannot cause any mood disorders. When I say mood disorders, I am referring to bipolar disorder and schizophrenia mainly but it isn't related to any of the mood disorders. It can cause raised blood pressure and many physical symptoms. There are 2 types of anxiety. General Anxiety Disorder and Panic Attacks. I have both.  As I am not a doctor I won't even speculate on what injury or issue you may be having. However, you may try having an MRI done, that was how I found out I had herniated the c5-c7 vertebrae in my neck in a car crash.  You may need a process of elimination. Ask your primary care Dr. for a referral, for a gastroenterologist. Have you had a colonoscopy? ( it's NOT as scary as you think). If you do get one, you should bring someone with you, they won't let you drive yourself home. If or when they find nothing, then go from there. I had something similar, that's who I went to. Calm down, a good patient is an educated patient.  i stay this way 24/7,the dr keeps saying its vertigo,but other dr's say its a spot that they found on the back of my head  Please tell someone, I went through the same thing at your age, I went to my friends mom, she was very helpful, find a aunt, friends mom, teacher, coach, someone who you feel close to, remember to breathe and that it will get better xoxo  The simplistic answer is the the panic attack is the furthest extension of the anxiety. When the anxiety is really bad it forces the autonomic systems of the body (automatic...breathing, heart rate, blood pressure, adrenaline release, etc.) to react in the extreme and you can move into a panic attack. It can happen very quickly and be totally disabling even acting exactly like a heart attack, make you think wildly, change normal behavior to bizarre, want to run, hide, hurt yourself and more. Panic attacks are not anything to ignore. If you are prone to them you should always have a fast acting med with you such as Xanax. Take it, move to a quiet, calm place and regain composure. They are frightening and terrifying. Best of luck.  Anxiety is very physical and don't let others do the helpful things like saying "Just quit", "Just don't let it get to you", etc. It is your body reaction to the environment and your systems react quickly and badly. While others are letting bad things pass off them like water off a duck you are absorbing every dang thing...the emotions, the sounds, the fears, the visions,....all of it. You go on overload. Non medical solution is to always move from the location, don't return to it till ALL the anxiety is over, avoid places and people that you know will trigger it, ignore people that have lots of advice for you that includes discounting what you are experiencing. Avoid caffeine or anything else that will increase your heart rate. Try meditation in a quiet, dimly lit, silent place or just soft wordless music. It can be controlled but ONLY if you can find a way to feel your environment isn't a mess of loose strings and unguided paths. You MUST feel you have control of your life....so take it. Best of luck.  You can't cure stress or anxiety. There will always be things in our lives that we have no control over. Finding ways to cope with it is the struggle.  