NEVER give a child any aspirin--baby aspirin is still aspirin-ever heard of  As a mother of 4 with my 5th on the way, please know that you have to be patient. Typical OB'S will order an ultrasound at about 15-20 weeks. Truly other than a heart beat and some newly formed limbs. An ultrasound at 6 weeks doesn't give you to much info other than if the baby is developing normally and accurately determining a due date.  a day or two delay.  I doubt very much that'll happen, however I would be more worried about being on Cortisone while trying to conceive, I am not sure but it doesn't sound very safe for your Baby's health, I would look into that ASAP before trying again, good luck!  Yes get him to the vet immediately for an exam.  It sounds like he is just wanting attention.  I be leave you can I no because I have them and my do true told my mom I was  No scaring intended. But have you been checked for Breast Cancer? My last exam the doctor asked if I was sore or if a yellow or green liquid was coming out. My aunt had this problem and got checked out and it turned out she had stage four breast cancer. Just a suggestion, get yourself checked out for yourself!!  Spina bifida has an extremely variable clinical course -- with the location of the spine opening being the most important factor in determining your son's clinical course. Children with a very low level lesion can have very good motor skills and have very low risk for cognitive issues. Children with high lesions have greater motor impairment and are at increased risk for additional problems. In addition to motor problems, the bowel and bladder are also affected. IQ and schoool aptitude can be affected as well. Since so many parts of the body are affected, you will likely need to consult with a range of pediatric specialsists, including a neurosurgeon, a urologist, a physical medicine doctor, and either a neurologist or developmental pediatrician. Your child's care is likely best provided in a major medical setting, teaching hospital, or children's hospital. You are going to need to find good doctors whom you can trust. Spina bifida (also known as meningomyelocele) is a relatively rare and complicated disorder about which much is known. Fortunately, although we do not have a "cure", much can be done to help children with spina bifida.  It is often recommended to limit a newborn's exposure to potential infection during the first 4 - 8 weeks of life. For this reason alone, it may be best to wait until your baby is 6-8 weeks old. Waiting until after a month not only reduces some of the concerns asociated with exposure to infection, but nursing may be better established as will the baby's routine. I have read that airlines will not allow a baby to fly that is less than 1 week old. I have also read some health care professionals say that babies as young as 2 weeks old can fly if needed. However, since women are at increased risk for blood clots following delivery, it may be best to wait a little while longer than 1 or 2 weeks for both mother's health and the baby's health. Bottom line: if there is a compelling need to fly with your baby, it can be done very early, but you are likely best off waiting for at least 4 - 8 weeks. You should confer with your pediatrician for advice and check with your airline for their regulations as well.  To my knowledge, there is no relationship between head size and breast vs. bottle feeding. More importantly, as long as your child's head circumference is well within the normal range and following the nearest growth curve, then there is little to worry about.  Binkies do not cause dental problems in infants or toddlers so you do not have to worry about this. Likewise, binkies may reuce the incidence of SIDS (crib death). I do not think you need to take it away, though your son will get used to whatever. Some parents prefer to encourage thumb-sucking since the thumb is always "handy" (sorry -- bad pun). Bottom line: make a decision and go with it. If you want to terminate the binkie, know that there may be a few rough nights but your son will adjust. If you want to continue to support it, then just do so knowing that there will be no long-term benefits (if it is stopped by age 5), and that there may also be some benefit.  The most common reason for bleeding twice in one calendar month occurs when a normal period begins on the first or second day of the month, and then another arrives at the very end; because the normal cycle length (from the first day of one to the first day of the next) ranges from 23 to 35 days, this can allow two perfectly normal periods to arrive in the same calendar month. Most of the time, however, when women talk about having two periods in a month, they are not referring to this circumstance. Often they mean they are starting a period every two weeks or so -- certainly less than the 23-day interval that is considered within the normal range. Anything that can disrupt the delicate hormonal dance that produces ovulation can lead to either skipped periods or periods that come too often. Hormonal imbalance as a cause of frequent periods is often seen as a woman nears menopause. Thyroid dysfunction may also be a factor. Another reasons for twice-a-month periods is abnormal thickening of the uterine lining. This thickening can be due to hormonal imbalance or to taking estrogen without a progesterone medication as well; estrogen causes the uterine lining to proliferate and become thick and lush, while progesterone thins out the lining; a balance between these two hormones is necessary to ensure regular, moderate periods. Polyps (projections of tissue that protrude into the uterine cavity) or fibroids that impinge on the uterine cavity may also cause irregular periods. In this case, the uterine lining tissue that overlies these projections is less stable, increasing the chance that it will be shed at an inappropriate time. Also, fibroids and polyps increase the surface area of the uterine lining, often leading to prolonged and heavier bleeding. If your periods are coming less than 23 days apart (counted from the beginning of one to the beginning of the next), then you should see your gynecologist. A biopsy may be necessary to rule out an abnormal thickening of the uterine lining. Blood tests may be done to assess hormone levels. Most of the time the reason for frequent bleeding is benign, but occasionally the problem can be more serious; for this reason, and because excess bleeding can lead to anemia, too-frequent periods must be investigated.  MAM OR SIR?. THERE IS NO WAY I PERSONALLY WOULD NOT GIVE MY CHILD ANY TYPE OF PRODUCT USED ON A ANIMAL. START READIING YOUR BIBLE PLEASE. IN THESE DAYS THE GOVERNMENT IS MIXING HUMAN DNA WITH ANIMALS TO GIVE HUMANS A LONGER LIFE SPAN WHICH GOD HAS FORWARNED EVERYONE THAT BEIEVES AND READ HIS OWN WORD'S IT'S THE HONEST TO GOD'S TRUTH . WHY WOULD YOU EVEN CONSIDER GIVING YOUR CHILD A PRODUCT THAT HELP A PIG DO THINK THAT WOULD BE OK FOR A CHILD? NOW REMEMBER A PIG IS SWINE & THE FILTHEST OF ALL ANIMALS, THAT EAT SLOP,FESEES BUGS, MAGGOT'S YOU NAME ANY TYPE OF FILTH THE PIG WILL AND DO EAT DO YOU NOT LOVE YOUR CHILD? WELL THEN DON'T EVEN CONSIDER THAT TO BE AN ALTERNATIVE PLEASE, FOR YOUR CHILDS HEALTH. THERE IS IRON SUPPLEMENT THAT IS REALLY GREAT U HAVE GOT TO GET A PRESCRIBTION FROM YOUR DOCTOR. CAN'T REMEMBER THE EXACT NAME IT COMES IN A SMALL BOTTLE WITH A CAP TUB, TO GIVE YOU AN IDEA OF HOW MUCH TO ADMINISTER TO A CHILD. THANK YOU,. MS. BABYRED1958. I AM TRULLY A CHILD OF THE MOST HIGHEST ALMIGHTY GOD. GOD IS MY COMFORTER WHEN I FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE,HE IS MY EARS WHEN I NEED SOMEONE TO TALK WITH,HE IS MY LISTENER WHEN I NEED SOMEONE TO HEAR WHAT I NEED TO SAY, HE IS MY EYE'S WHEN I CANT SEE ,HE IS MY JOY WHEN THERE JUST SEEM TO BE NOTHIG TO SMILE ABOUT,HE IS MY HEALER BEFORE ANY DOCTOR GIVES ME PRESCRIBTION. AND THROUGH MY FAITH HE WILL ALWAY'S BE WITH ME WHEN MAN SAY'S NOTHING THAT COMES FROM HIS MOUTH. THROUGH GOD ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE. BUT THROUGH MAN EVEYTHING WILL BE IMPOSSIBLE FOR HIM WITHOUT THE POSSILE FATHER WHO GAVE US LIFE FROM THE BEGINNING,MAN CANNOT DO NOTHIG NOTHIG . TO THE END..WITH MAN HE HAS NO CLUE TO WHERE THE END IS WHATSOEVER. AND MAY GOD BLESS YOU & YOUR FAMILY.I HOPE MY WORD'S HAVE GIVEN YOU A ANSWER  The pregnancy would not survive. The sperm and egg of different species are incompatible. Technically a pregnancy may begin, but will soon spontaneously terminate. A human has 46 chromosomes with the male and female each contributing 23 chromosomes to their offspring. A horse has 64 chromosomes with the male and female each contributing 32 chromosomes to their offspring. A union between a horse and human would result in a shared chromosome total of 55. Therefore, the egg recognizes the irrational number of chromosomes and rejects the pregnancy.  The debate over safety issues of marijuana usage by pregnant women wide open after decades of arguments by both sides. Just about all anecdotal accountings by women who used marijuana while being pregnant report no adverse effects to their newborn children. Several random studies which are of questionable scientific quality also showed no birth defects or other ill effects on the newborn. The website blog link, Mental Health, below gives a different prospective on the topic: , http://mentalhealthdaily.com/2014/03/13/smoking-marijuana-while-pregnant-how-pot-affects-an-unborn-babys-brain-development/ The blog post emphasizes medical studies showing brain development irregularities in the newborn, underweight babies at birth, higher possibility of contracting leukemia, and potential future psychiatric disorders. What is not debated is that the active ingredient in marijuana, tetrahydrocannabinol does cross the placenta. It is also agreed that smoking in general reduces oxygen in the blood. I suggest that pregnant women abstain from using marijuana during pregnancy because its effect on newborn babies is unclear..  Alone,the two conditions listed in your question (pregnancy and hepatitis c) leave a lot of possible explanations for your pain. Because you have been diagnosed with hepatitis, it is a natural inclination to think of the liver when experiencing right sided pain in the back ( and it could be related to the liver ). But many other system disorders could be also be the cause of your pain. I'll list some possible non- gynecological reasons first: Infections of various kinds and too numerous to list, Upper urinary tract obstruction, Gastro-intestinal issues, Thyroid disorders, Anxiety, Lyme Disease Heart & lung irregularities, Other causes. Gynecological reasons may include: Endometriosis, Pelvic congestion, Pelvic Inflammatory Disease, Pre-term labor and delivery, Miscarriage, Pelvic organ prolapse, Other causes. As you can see, the possible causes for your pain covers a lot of territory. The reasons cited above are only a small sampling of all possible causes. The best way to determine the root cause of your pain is to visit a doctor . Are you receiving pre-natal care? A physician can look at your medical history, ask questions, perform a physical exam, order basic diagnosing tests, and refer you to specialists. For your sake and your unborn baby's sake, I recommend that you quickly visit your family doctor, your ob/gync doctor, or hepatic specialist to obtain medical care. It may be true, as stated in your question, that you cannot receive treatment until after the baby is born. But that fact should not deter you from being evaluated by a medical professional. If you do not have medical insurance to be evaluated, most state governments provide for the free health screenings of pregnant women though the department of welfare. There are also many free women's clinics. You may also want to explore eligibility for The Women's, Infants, and Children program, WIC. Under WIC, free food is provided to eligible applicants.  Fevers are common in young babies and can usually be easily resolved with proper medical diagnosis of their cause and appropriate treatment is administered. Although you do not want to panic over a slight fever, these febrile babies need to be observed closely. The situation can go from only having a small spike in body temperature, to bad, to worse very quickly. This is due in part to their small body size, immature immune system, and the potential to loss body fluids. It would be helpful to know the age of your baby, the range of body temperature readings that you've obtained, whether the baby is accepting fluids and other nutrition, and how long that the baby has had the fever. It sounds like your child is fighting off some type of viral or bacterial infection. Fevers that last longer than 24 hours in young children without going down, or are higher than 100.4 degrees rectally in an infant < than 3 months old should be evaluated by a medical professional immediately.Teething alone should not cause a temperature to reach the 100.4 degree level. Perhaps the yeast infection is not responding to the ointment and a systemic antibiotic is needed. Or maybe another more serious infection exists. When in doubt, as is the case with your child, always notify your doctor of a fever in a baby that is not responding to treatment. I would call your pediatrician without delay and inform that individual of the baby's condition. If that is not possible, a visit to your local hospital's emergency room is justified. The message here is... It is better safe than sorry when dealing with a sick baby. I hope that your baby gets well soon.   Sexual dysfunction in both men and women can occur with Type 1 Diabetes. In women: Uncontrolled sugar levels in the body can cause reduced blood flow to the reproductive organs, hormonal imbalances, and nerve impairment. More frequent bouts of yeast infections have also been associated with Type 1 Diabetes in women. In men: Uncontrolled hyperglycemia can cause problems with blood vessels and in maintaining an erection. Blood vessels may become firm and prevent sufficient blood flow for a man to either obtain or to maintain an erection. Nerve damage may also cause a medical condition called Retrograde Ejaculation. With Retrograde Ejaculation, the male's normal expostulate in forwarded to the urinary bladder and the semen is passed-off with the urine. I suggest that you and your husband start out with a visit to the family doctor. Blood studies can be completed and your husbands current diabetic condition may be assessed. At the same time, you may have a frank discussion concerning the desire to have another child. The primary care doctor is also in a position to refer you to physicians that specialize in helping couples to conceive. With today's medical science, you and your husband stand a great chance of having another child.   Either used as a general anesthetic during childbirth sometimes resulted in side effects. Either is a caustic drug that may cause cellular starvation and damage to body organs. These negative side effects were pretty much limited to the mother and included nausea, organ damage, diabetic symptoms, stupor, difficulty in awakening and even death. My research of neurological or long tern side- effects to the baby yields no results in the form of medical studies. Babies often experienced breathing difficulties, sucking difficulties, and poor muscle tone after the use of general anesthetics.  Yes, it could cause the baby harm. According to NBCs nightly News and numerous other sources, a clinical study has revealed that smoke on indoor surfaces like carpets, upholstery, and even clothing can mix with the air to create a cancer concern. A chemical reaction can occur when the 3rd hand residue of cigarette smoke interacts with nitrous acid to form a carcinogenic substance. This type of pollution is particularly threatening to infants and toddlers. The other grandmother needs to be made aware of the danger posed to her innocent grandchild through this underappreciated type of toxic exposure. Someone, perhaps the grandmothers son or daughter, can gently and seriously present the reality of her holding a child while ridden with smoke infected clothing and hair (she almost certainly is unaware of the inherent harm being created) .  The only true method to determine who may be the father is by having a paternity test. But if your friends remembers when she had sexual relations with these two men, it is possible to make a pretty accurate determination of paternity within a 10 day period. For example, if the baby were to be born on October 18, 2014 (Case #1), then the probable range of conception would have been January 21,2014- January 29, 2014 If the baby was born on October 1, 2014 (Case #2) , then the probable range of conception would be January 4- January - January 12, 2014. In Case # 1, if sex occurred on January 23rd with man # 2 and on January 12th with man # 1, then man # 2 is the likely father. In Case # 2, if sex occurred on January 6th with man # 1 and on January 18th with man # 2, then man # 1 would be the likely father. The doctor who confirmed your friend's pregnancy can provide an expected due date and also provide the probable date range for conception. There are also computer programs available on the internet which can also make the determination. All that is needed is the expected due date and the dates on which sex occurred with the two men.  I would say try taking another test. I read that sometimes it's better to take another test a week after the neg test  That's normal i guess,my small baby brother had several lumps on his head the doc said its because of his growth hormones/thyroid glands .you may visit a doc to be certain.  yes  It may be a sign of diabetes I would go and have him checked by the doctor.  Cornstarch shouldn't hurt your baby's crotch just be careful not to put too much  why dont try to have the dna for your assurance but you said you didnt do it inside and dint finish ,, i might say its not yours  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  !st you would have to be real stupid to do something like this.  Whats my answer? Waiting for your answer to my question  ... The best way to answer...would be to measure your baby's weight. In the first month infants are expected to gain 0.5 to 1 ounces per day. In terms of increasing your milk supply, the best thing to do is to feed/pump more often. Your milk production works on a supply/demand relationship. The more often you feed your baby (or the more often you pump) the more milk your body will produce. There is nothing wrong with supplementing with formula, but if your baby feeds less often as a result, you may find that it may ultimately restrict your supply.  I don't see any harm in creating some structure/routine for your family and your baby. Some babies will surprise you and fall into a nice schedule early on -- especially those who are feeding well.  Yes, a baby can have an ear infection without a fever. Signs that might indicate an ear infection can include increased fussiness, ear pulling, not wanting to be placed in a horizontal position and drainage from the ear. Most commonly, these symptoms can be seen toward the end of a head cold. It is always great to check in with your doctor office when you have a concern -- a traige nurse can often help you decide if you should come in to be checked out.  If it is baby acne, this is a normal rash that should go away on its own - usually related to hormones from the pregnancy. Typically, we would expect it to be resolving at four months, so I wonder if there are other ideas to consider. Seborrhea is a common cause of bumpy facial rash that can occur on the scalp and eyebrows as yellow, crusty, scaly dandruff and look like red greasy bumps on the cheeks, behind the ears, neck and chest. This, too, is very common, but there are methods to help it clear faster.  I would definitely encourage you to contact your doctor. ... Finding blood in the stool can have many causes including infectious, milk allergy/intolerance and intestinal bleeding.  ... I generally recommend holding off on introducing cereal until 6 months of age. 3 wk olds who drink breastmilk will want to eat every 1.5 to 2.5 hours and those who are formula fed eat every 2.5 to 3.5 hours. That usually feels to a parent like they are not sleeping much and eating a lot. ... In general I would enourage you to stick to breastmilk or formual at this point and feed on demand. ...  ... There are some differences in brands, but your baby will grow and develop normally whether you use the brand name or generic brands. I would not feel any guilt about using a generic brand of infant formula.  ... No one really knows the cause of SIDS, but statistically it has been linked to babies sleeping on their bellies and babies who co-sleep. If you and your baby are falling asleep with your baby on your chest, then you are definitely in the high SIDS risk catagory. Although some babies are more comfortable sleeping on their bellies, you should be able to retrain him to sleep on his back, in his own crib by utilizing a tight swaddle and being consistent. ...  The jelly-like crystals are the agent contained inside disposable diapers to absorb moisture/urine. Sometimes it can leak from inside and you will find it when you do a diaper change.  Here's what your doctor is looking for: A social smile (as early as 6 weeks of age) - recognizing your face and smiling at you in response Tracking with her eyes - smoothly from one side to the other Cooing - adding vowel sounds (oohs and aahs)  Many newborn babies will lose up to 7 to 10% of their birthweight in the first week. By two weeks of age, these same babies generally regain back to their original birthweight. From two to four weeks of age, babies usually gain weight at a rate of 1/2 to 1 ounce per day.  We encourage infants to stay rear facing as long as possible, but the minimum requirement is 20 lbs AND 1 year of age. If she outgrows the weight limit, then...a convertible car seat is the next step.  If your kids are experiencing common nasal congestion and mild cough, you might consider trying remedies that thin out mucus, such as nasal saline drops/spray, humidifier, steamy bathroom treatments and propping the kids up in bed by putting a pillow under the mattress. Of course, keep them well hydrated too... These days we no longer use over the counter cough and cold remedies until the kids are much older (4-6 yrs old). ...  I would really encourage all parents to vaccinate their infants at the recommended intervals. There is no advantage to spacing out, delaying or breaking up the vaccines. In many communities, vaccine-preventable diseases are making a comeback and the best way to protect your infants is to immunize them early on. Just this week, the State of California announced an EPIDEMIC of pertussis (known as whooping cough). Five infants under the age of 6 months have already died. Similar epidemics have been reported in Colorado and Orgeon. There is no data to support that vaccines are linked in any way to developmental delays, so please resist the urge to delay or split up vaccines and please protect your babies.  Children born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at a higher risk for obesity, type 2 diabetes, and metabolic syndrome; but your child will not be at a higher risk for type 1 diabetes. Its important to follow your doctors recommended course of action for managing gestational diabetes to help minimize the potential risks, which may include:  Maintaining appropriate weight gain  Following specific dietary guidelines  Following your doctors recommendations for an appropriate exercise routine  Monitoring your blood sugar levels frequently  Taking insulin as directed Blood sugar levels will typically return to normal for you after 6 to 8 weeks after delivery but you will be more likely to develop gestational diabetes again during subsequent pregnancies. Please refer to the following for more information: http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/understanding-gestational-diabetes-basics http://diabetes.webmd.com/guide/gestational_diabetes  Baby carrots are not at all bad for you! In fact, theyre quite the contrary, actually. There were concerns going around the internet that baby carrots were bad for you because they were rinsed in a solution that contains chlorine. Its true that baby carrots, as well as many other pre-cut vegetables on the market, are cleansed using a solution that contains water and chlorine, but this is to help prevent food borne bacteria like E. coli and Salmonella. The baby carrots are rinsed again with potable water afterwards to reduce any trace of the chlorine. Its important to know that the chlorine is used in amounts much lower than what the FDA allows. Also, rinsing the baby carrots at home wouldnt make a difference because even your tap water has chlorine in it too! There were also rumors around the internet that a white film that you may see develop on the baby carrot is chlorine rising to the surface, but its merely just a result of dehydration. The bottom line is that baby carrots are safe to eat, are low in calories, and are a great source of nutrients like vitamin A and fiber, so they can be part of an overall healthy eating plan.  Personally when I was down to the last month to month-half of my pregnancy, my back pain was so severe that I was bed ridden. I was placed on Tylenol 3 for the last 1.5 months of my pregnancy. I am not saying that its normal ro have back pain, but it is not unheard of in the last months of pregnancy because your body is changing, getting ready for the birth. The baby is pressing on your spine and hitting nerves.  Weaning yor child is up to you (and your child). Some kids will just stop sucking on mother's breasts on their own anywhere from 6 months to two years or more. Some women just don't want to breastfeed after a year or so. Other women have breastfed their kids until they are 5+ years old. One mother mother had two children 10 years apart. The oldest child felt left out of the family because of all the attention the baby was getting. The mother started to let him breastfeed as well.  Sunscreens are safe on babies. I prefer the physical blocks and clothing for babies under six months. After six months we use sunscreens as we do for children. You can look for products designed for babies, but often those are the same products used in adults, but just with packaging that makes them look more interesting for children.  Look for products that are fragrance- and dye-free and designed for baby skin. The words natural and organic may imply that they are more gentle or safer, but there are no standards for these in skin care and these products end up being more expensive without necessarily being superior.  Look for products that are fragrance- and dye-free and designed for baby skin. The words natural and organic may imply that they are more gentle or safer, but there are no standards for these in skin care and these products end up being more expensive without necessarily being superior.  As long as the cut is cared for (you mentioned that it was covered), you are very unlikely to spread the infection to your friend's baby (or anyone else).  The answer is: It depends. You need to discuss this with your gynecologist. Many factors affect whether or not a may be successful. Some of these factors are: Your age Your general health status The type of tubal ligation procedure you had Whether or not you previously had a successful pregnancy Whether or not you have had any other gynecological surgeries, such as for endometriosis or fibroid tumors These are not the only considerations. Obviously, if you're past the age of menopause, reversing your tubal ligation will not enable you to get pregnant because you're no longer producing eggs. Because it's been so long since you had your tubes tied, the records about the type of procedure performed may no longer be available. However, if the doctor who performed the procedure is still practicing, you might consult him or her to discover if the records are available. Taking this information to your current gynecologist will be helpful in determining if tubal ligation reversal might be successful for you. Wishing you all the best!  Your infant is at risk of getting chickenpox from your shingles outbreak. Chickenpox can be an extremely serious illness in a two-month-old. It's very important you limit your contact with the baby while the blisters are oozing or weepy. Please contact your pediatrician right away to advise him or her of this development. Your pediatrician will have additional instructions about what to do and when it is safe for you to have more contact with your baby. You asked a very important question, and I'm glad you realized there was a potential risk here. By the way, I'm sorry to hear about your shingles. That is a painful disorder, and I hope the rash clears up quickly. Wishing you well!  If this situation is occurring right now, you need to dial 911. Any time an infant's lips turn blue, it's a sign of low oxygen. Low oxygen levels in an infant is a medical emergency. Furthermore, if your baby is losing consciousness ("going limp"), this is another emergency situation. Never take chances with an infant's health. Don't hesitate to call 911 if you feel your baby's health is in danger. Please seek immediate medical attention. Wishing you all the best!  If you have routinely taken your birth control pills with no lapses, it would be very rare, indeed, to become pregnant. But not impossible. You should see a gynecologist immediately for a serum pregnancy test to make sure you are not pregnant. No one who is pregnant should take birth control pills, but you do not give any indication of being pregnant other than your perception that your abdomen looks larger. Normally, this is not a sign of very early pregnancy. Under typical circumstances, a woman's pregnancy doesn't start showing for at least four or five weeks. Again, though, just to be safe, you should get to a doctor's office as soon as possible to find out for sure what's going on. Wishing you well!  Great question! You're smart to think about the medications you're putting into your body if you may be pregnant. Metronidazole oral is not recommended for use during the first trimester of pregnancy. However, if you're taking the medication to treat bacterial vaginosis, be aware that BV also can be harmful to a developing baby. I'd suggest you call a pharmacist to get an opinion about whether to continue this medication over the weekend. As soon as possible on Monday, call your health care provider's office and explain the situation. He or she will tell you what to do. So, to sum up: Don't panic. Get a professional opinion from a pharmacist now, then call your doctor as soon as you can. Best wishes to you!  No, I wouldn't recommend wet wipes or anything like that for treating pinkeye. is also called "pinkeye" and refers to inflammation (redness and swelling) of the membranes that surround the eye. Usually, conjunctivitis makes the white part of the eye look bloodshot, and the lower lid may appear swollen. You may experience burning, itching, and drainage from the eye, too. If you think you or your child might have pinkeye, you should see a health care provider as soon as possible. There are different types of conjunctivitis, some that do well with treatment. Also, conjunctivitis is highly contagious, so you or your child should not go to school or work until the cause has been determined. Be sure to wash your hands often and thoroughly if you have pinkeye. Baby wipes, antibacterial wipes, and wet wipes should never be used around the eye. To get rid of the "gunk" (drainage) that often goes along with pinkeye, use a wash cloth or paper towel soaked with lukewarm water and gently clean the outer eye area. Cool compresses may help with the burning and itching. Symptoms of pinkeye usually go away within a week. If you still have symptoms after a week, it's time for a trip back to the doctor. Hope this helps! Sorry you're feeling miserable.  Yes, you can still have babies even if a dog hair touches you. I think you're referring to an "old wives' tale" regarding infertility. Trust me, if every woman who'd ever been touched by a dog hair was unable to have babies, most women in North America would be infertile. An "old wives' tale" is a story that has no basis in fact. It's a superstition that gets passed down from generation to generation. Other old wives' tales about infertility in women include advice not to be licked by a dog or to live with a cat (or be touched by cat hair). None of these stories is true. I hope this helps!  Great question! Many people don't realize infants have a faster heart rate than adults. A lot of people think a baby's heart rate should be slower than an adult's because a baby is so much smaller, but actually the opposite is true. A normal infant (age 1 to 12 months) heart rate is between 80 and 140 beats per minute. As your baby gets older, his or her pulse rate will gradually slow down. A normal adult heart rate is between 60 and 100 beats per minute. Whenever you have questions about your baby's vital signs, you can always check with your pediatrician. These are great questions to ask and can help you better assess physical changes in your baby when he or she is sick. Wishing you well!  Unfortunately, no, that's not normal. I'd suggest you call your OB-GYN as soon as possible to report this. If the baby had been moving before but has stopped, you will want to get that checked out. This helpful WebMD page on gives some good guidance about assessing and tracking how much your baby moves, and when to call the doctor. Wishing you and your baby all the best!  Your best bet in this situation is to have your daughter call her OB-GYN to get checked out. You probably don't need to rush to the emergency room, but I would phone the doctor as soon as possible. It's not abnormal to experience vaginal discharge during pregnancy. In fact, it's perfectly normal for vaginal secretions to increase when you're expecting a baby. However, leaking clear watery fluid can be a sign of an . And that definitely requires attention from a medical professional. Like I said, I would suggest your daughter call her health care provider and explain what's going on. I'm sure her doctor, midwife, or other provider will want to see her for this. Best to all of you!  Well, this is an interesting question. I'm not sure there's a straightforward answer because I'm not sure anyone has studied this. Here's what we know: Smoking around infants and children can cause them to inhale second-hand smoke, which may be linked to higher rates of certain lung problems like asthma. We also know second-hand smoke contains harmful chemicals and that this smoke (containing chemicals) can settle on surfaces, such as clothing, draperies, countertops, and so on. Will coming in contact with this potentially toxic material on someone's shirt (or fingertips) cause problems for your baby? My guess (and it's strictly a guess!) is probably not. If this were the case, the entire Baby Boomer generation would probably exhibit symptoms because nearly all of our relatives smoked and held babies at the same time. You can reduce any possible risk by gently wiping off your baby with a damp cloth after he or she has been cuddled by someone you believe has tobacco smoke residue on their clothing or hands. You probably don't need to be overly aggressive about this. Don't scrub the little one's skin off. But a simple swipe should do the trick. Hope this helps!  Well, there's really no good answer to your question. It's not really possible to study fetuses in terms of their emotions or awareness. It has long been known that a fetus will withdraw from painful stimuli (for example, if you touch a fetus with a needle, it may flinch), but whether that is simply a motor reflex or is a sign of greater cognition is not known. Unfortunately, we can't exactly climb into the womb and ask the fetus how it's feeling. Certain faiths have particular beliefs about the time at which an embryo or fetus is endowed with a "soul." Some faiths believe this happens at conception. Other faiths believe this happens at birth. You'll find a wide range of philosophies on this topic. In terms of the science, we just don't know. I wish I could cite some studies for you, but there aren't any that I know of. Wishing you all the best!  Because you vomited after taking the , I'd suggest you contact the health care provider who prescribed it to let them know. This can signal an allergic reaction, but it could also have happened simply because you were nervous about taking the antibiotic. Let me reassure you that your doctor would not have prescribed azithromycin knowing you were pregnant unless he or she thought it was safe for you. That said, I would definitely suggest you get in touch with your doctor to discuss your concerns, the vomiting and diarrhea, and see if he or she can prescribe something else for you. I also invite you to participate in , where you can connect with experts and other moms-to-be. Wishing you and your baby all the best!  I can't give you a very good answer because I'm not sure what you're basing your analysis on. Did an OB-GYN or nurse-midwife tell you your baby's heartbeat was slow? If so, the medical professional should have advised you about exactly what this means, if anything, about the health of your unborn child. Be aware that a baby's heartbeat in the womb starts out very fast, at around 180 beats per minute, and then slows down into a range around 120-160 beats per minute for the rest of the pregnancy. So, if you've noticed a decrease in heart rate around the 12th week of pregnancy, this may be normal. I suggest you contact your health care provider to find out what a slow fetal heartbeat means, in terms of potential miscarriage. Wishing you and your baby all the best!  No, no, and no. At one month old, your baby is not physically developed enough to ingest cereals yet. When you introduce solid foods too early (and rice cereal constitutes "solid food" in baby language), you can increase your baby's risk of developing a food allergy later. It's not uncommon for babies to get gassy when they nurse, whether from breast or bottle. If you feel your baby is having problems feeding, please call your pediatrician or lactation consultant. They will provide you with all the information you need to make sure your baby gets adequate nutrition that's appropriate for his age. I wish you and your beautiful baby all the best!  I'd suggest you take another . And do it first thing in the morning, when your urine is most concentrated. Your spotting could, indeed, be . Or it could be the arrival of your period. Only the home pregnancy test can tell for sure! If you take another pregnancy test that comes up negative but you fail to have a regular period, I suggest you consult a gynecologist to find out what's going on. A number of factors could cause you to skip a period and yet not be pregnant. Your gynecologist can sort through the possibilities and figure out what's going on. Wishing you all the best for a positive test!  This is a very interesting question that makes me wonder if you're from the Piedmont area of Georgia, where chalk eating is not uncommon among African American women. Probably the most concerning aspect of chalk eating, in terms of pregnancy, is the possibility of becoming anemic. is a condition that occurs when your blood lacks enough red blood cells to carry oxygen. Being pregnant makes a woman more susceptible to anemia, as it is, let alone adding in chalk eating to possibly make you even more susceptible. Some anemias can be caused by Vitamin B deficiencies, including ), which could indeed harm a fetus. I don't know if chalk eating contributes to Vitamin B deficiency anemias or not. Another side effect of chalk eating is constipation. While this won't affect your chances of conceiving, constipation can make pregnancy more uncomfortable than it needs to be. Short answer: If you're trying to conceive or are already pregnant, give up the chalk eating at least until after your baby arrives. Best wishes to you!  Not usually, no. In , a male is born with at least one extra X chromosome. Most males have one X and one Y chromosome. Klinefelter males have an XXY chromosomal structure. This condition usually renders these men infertile, meaning they cannot father children. They can have a normal sex life, however. If you suspect you (or your son) may have Klinefelter Syndrome, your doctor can tell for sure with a simple blood test. If the condition is detected before puberty, testosterone can be given to help with normal body development. I hope this provides the information you need.  I think this is something you should discuss with your gynecologist. It's possible you're experiencing a (the medical term is pseudocyesis), but the fact your home pregnancy test returned a positive result concerns me. There are a few rare cancers that can mimic the symptoms of pregnancy, and you should ask to have those ruled out. You might also consider making an appointment with a counselor to discuss your situation. A counselor can help you cope with feelings of disappointment from not being pregnant when you so badly want to be, and also can help you understand why your mind might be causing your body to exhibit the symptoms of pregnancy when you're not pregnant. Wishing you all the best!  This is an excellent question, and I'm glad you asked. According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC) shingles vaccine fact sheet, you do not need to avoid contact with infants after receiving the shingles vaccine. The CDC website states: "It is safe to be around infants and young children, pregnant women, or people with weakened immune systems after you get the shingles vaccine. There is no documentation of a person getting chickenpox from someone who has received the shingles vaccine..." However, if you develop a rash around the injection site, you should cover it until it disappears. Hope this helps!  Aw, I'm sorry your baby is going through this. Uncomfortable is right! I'm not sure why you believe this diaper rash has turned to a yeast infection, but I bow to your wisdom as the parent. (smile) I don't have a lot to offer, but I can tell you that regular old cornstarch (available at the grocery store near the flour) can help dry out the rash, and it's safe even for baby girls (with all those delicate skin folds). In fact, since it doesn't contain perfume, it's a good choice for diaper rash in little girls. If it's possible to dry out your baby's bottom by leaving the diaper off altogether for periods of time, that's helpful, too. Whatever you do, please do not use any over-the-counter (OTC) yeast infection medications on your baby. She may be uncomfortable, but she'll survive until you get a diagnosis from a health care professional. I hope this helps a little bit!  That is a myth. Gaining too much weight will not necessarily cause the baby to be larger. Just because you are "eating for two" doesnt mean you should eat twice as much. Gaining beyond 25 to 35 pounds for a single birth just makes it harder to lose after the baby is born.  Forget about dieting for at least six weeks postpartum and focus on eating a healthy diet. Most women are sleep-deprived, tired, and lack the energy to exercise, prepare healthy meals, and do what it takes to lose weight. Losing the baby weight can take upwards of a year. Ideally, you should take the weight off gradually, aiming for one to two pounds per week.  Breastfeeding moms should not go on weight loss diets because they need plenty of calories to lactate and provide the sole source of nutrition to their infants. Even if the weight doesn't come off as fast as if you were not breastfeeding, take comfort in knowing you are doing the best thing for the baby. Breast milk is designed by Mother Nature to give your baby everything he or she needs for growth and development for the first several months. Good nutrition is imperative. Your diet affects the quality of the breast milk, whereas the quantity is based on how much you nurse.  Calories count throughout pregnancy until the "fourth" trimester (or three months after giving birth) because your body needs good nutrition for the growth of the baby. Six weeks after the baby is born, you can start curbing a few hundred calories a day. Consult [the U.S. Department of Agriculture's web site] mypyramid.gov to determine the right number of calories for you, and shave up to 500 calories, making sure to get a minimum of 1,600 calories per day. ... You need balanced meals at least three to four times a day for your stamina and energy. Stock your kitchen with healthy foods so junk food, sweet temptations, and your trigger foods wont derail your healthy diet. Cut back on extra fats and oils where calories can creep up. Snack on fruits, vegetables, lean protein, and high-fiber foods that will help fill you up without filling you out. Drink plenty of water and nutritious beverages, but be careful of alcohol calories that can add up quickly.  It sounds like you need to be checked for breast cancer. I do know they are some of the signs. I hope it turns out to be nothing, but it is always better to be safe than sorry.  Your doctor will have recommendations for the best course of action for you and the baby and will possibly have suggestions for the type of detox best suited for you. Alcohol detox will remove the residue toxins from drinking and any other chemical toxins if you have had other substance abuse. When you quit alcohol use you may exhibit withdrawal symptoms. The side effects from alcohol withdrawal may range from mild to intense depending on the severity of use and most often include: 	Restlessness 	Excessive sweating 	Headache 	Nausea and vomiting 	Increased heart rate 	Uncontrollable shakes 	Anxiety 	Depression 	Seizures 	DTs Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS) It is important that you know that women who continue to drink during pregnancy put their baby at risk for being born with fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS) which is a pattern of physical and mental defects during fetus development during pregnancy. Babies born with FAS may have facial abnormalities as well as damage to the central nervous system and brain resulting in mental retardation. There are several safe options available for alcohol detox including non-medical and medical (outpatient and inpatient). If you are in need of detox from alcohol while pregnant, your doctor will be able to advise you as to which option is best. Gallus Detox Center is an inpatient private medical detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Patient should wake up as early as the effect of anaesthesia gone, however it also varies from patient to patient. You should have some knowledge about the thyroid gland and important hormone produced by it, you can find such info on this blog, where at bottom you will find the image take you to the information, http://healthisalwaysfirst.blogspot.ca/  Your body needs extra 300-500 calories on average to produce milk. Because of this, you will need extra fluids and food. Drink lots of water before and after you breastfeed you baby, and have one or two snacks during the day and night to make up for the extra calories your body needs for milk production.  If your baby has vomiting or diarrhea and is acting unusual, she could be dehydrated. Dehydration can happen much easier in young children and infants and can make babies irritable, cranky and void less (have less wet diapers). Dehydration can be very serious in a baby---you should take your baby in to your doctor right away. Also, in a baby who is acting unusual and has a rash, it is important to also have her checked out. Although most rashes are caused by viruses and tend to get better, some may be serious. Take your baby to be seen by a docotr right away.  We had this same exact thing happen, it is completly normal and has to do with the beginning of teething. We switched to a rice cereal for this which seemed to help a little and also used the triple-paste diaper rash gel. It helped a ton with the rash. Nothing to worry about though, as I said, this is normal and will pass as hard as it is watching your baby scream when you wipe them with this terrible rash.  There is always a risk when any medication is ingested. However, Plan B is like taking a pack of birth control pills. There have been cases where women have become pregnant while taking birth control pills during the first month of pregnancy and there wasnt any harm to the fetus.  I would say it is up to the individual family for the most part. However, since you are going to move the baby into his own room at some point my opinion is to do it now. If you wait much longer he may become attached to being in your room and have problems getting to sleep or staying asleep when moved out of your room. You may find that you and your baby actually sleep better when in your own rooms too! Your movements and sounds during the night may be disturbing him and most likely you hear every little sigh, cough, etc. that he makes too, which keeps you from getting restful sleep, which you desperately need with an 11 month old! :0) Good luck with your transition, whenever you choose to make it!  Some infants are born with one or more teeth (called natal teeth) or may have teeth emerge within the first 30 days of life (called neonatal teeth). These usually are either extra teeth or are remnants from neonatal development that do not need treatment. If they are, however, actual teeth, it's a good idea to maintain them. Your doctor, however, may recommend removing them if the teeth are loose and pose a danger of being inhaled by your baby. Early teeth may also interfere with feeding or irritate your baby's tongue. Talk to your doctor to see what treatment is right for your baby.  Symptoms of teething in a baby can include: Increased irritability Placing objects or fingers in the mouth and biting down on them Increased saliva or drooling Loss of appetite or becoming choosy about foods Tender and swollen gums Rash on cheeks or redness in the area of the cheeks near the affected gums Restlessness Ear pulling, which may be a sign of teething or possibly an ear infection (make an appointment to have your child seen by your doctor or pediatrician) Teething does not result in fever, vomiting, or diarrhea. If your child experiences these problems, contact your doctor.  Some babies sleep through the night within a week or two of being born. But most have their days and nights backward at first, sleeping more in the day and less at night. Most babies will start sleeping at night at about 4 months of age. You wont get an uninterrupted stretch of the baby sleeping 10 to 12 hours, but you will get about five hours and then another good uninterrupted stretch after a night feeding. Dont worry if your baby is 4 months old and still isnt sleeping that long. You can help her along by letting her sleep at night, not waking her to feed, and by keeping things dark and quiet. Save the exciting, fun things until daytime.  Normally when babies are first born, everything is eat, sleep, eat, sleep, so you dont really count any of that sleeping as naps. But somewhere between 1 and 6 six months of age, babies tend to settle into a three-naps-a-day pattern, where each nap can last an hour or two, before going to a one-nap-a-day pattern after their first birthday. Most kids lose their need for naps by about 5 years of age.  I dont recommend waking babies for nighttime feedings because you want them to sleep. However, I would suggest you wake them for night feedings in their first couple of weeks if they havent yet gained back their birth weight; babies tend to lose 10% of their weight after theyre born. Also, if theyre sleeping more in the day than the night, I do suggest waking them so they dont go more than four hours without eating. Overall, I suggest not waking babies at night so they can find their own sleep schedule. And you generally dont have to wake them in the day either, because most will wake on their own. If you notice that the baby is sleeping for longer stretches during the day, then I would start waking them in the day, so they dont get night and day mixed up.  I think you should give your baby the opportunity to have a routine, and I like for babies to have down time to relax in their own crib. Try to have some semblance of a routine and schedule, but it doesnt have to be right down to the minute.  Keep it dark and quiet, and have a routine every evening that consists of quiet time -- maybe a bath, reading a book, or brushing babys teeth if they have any yet. Get them calm and drowsy before putting them in their crib, and be consistent -- put them down the same way each time. In the middle of the night, shorten your routine. You dont want baby to fall asleep while youre feeding or rocking them, though because you want them to figure out how to put themselves to sleep. Don't wake them if they do fall asleep, especially not in the first month; its impossible to avoid falling asleep during feedings and rockings when theyre that young. But after the first month, put them to sleep drowsyif theyre falling asleep when youre nursing, for example, stop nursing and put them to sleep. If theyre falling asleep too soon, try starting your calming, quiet routine sooner. Also, make sure they aren't overtired when you put them to bed. Once babies start eating more in the daytime, they dont need to wake and eat at night. But dont overfeed to encourage them to sleep through the night. Some parents try to push more formula, breast milk, or baby food on the baby right before sleep, and that can backfire. Wait until they settle into a pattern where they naturally eat more in the daytime.  It depends on the baby, and it depends on the age. The method of crying it out has been the most studied, and it works for many babies, but you should talk to your pediatrician about whether its right for yours. Some babies get tired and go to sleep after crying, but some just get angrier. So, where crying it out works for many babies, it doesnt work for all of them. There are some babies who just need to wake up and feed, and then theyll go back to bed. Instead of denying the feeding, and having the crying, its best to feed them. Generally, after four months or so, youll find that the baby probably wont need to eat as much at night, so if they're waking up and crying and falling asleep as soon as they get the breast or bottle, youll know theyre not hungry. But if theyre waking and ravenously finishing the breast or bottle, they still need to be fed at night. A rule of thumb: If its been one or two hours since you put them to bed, they probably dont need to be fed, but if its been more than three or four hours, they probably are hungry.  Co-sleeping isnt recommended because of what we know about sleep safety. Theres more of a risk of smothering, Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, and of falls off the adult bed when theres bedsharing. If youre breastfeeding often and you want the baby close, one option is to use a bedside co-sleeper. It looks like a crib with a missing side, and you can put it right next to the adult bed, and raise it up to the beds height, but an adult cant accidentally roll over on the baby. If youre feeding baby often, you can also consider putting a bassinet, cradle, or crib nearby.  Always put your baby on his back to sleep, never on his side or tummy. Theres a higher risk of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome if theyre on their tummy or their side; they can roll onto their stomach if theyre lying on their side. And be sure that childcare providers, grandparents, and so on, know to put the baby on his back because theres also a higher risk of SIDS if a baby is usually put to sleep on his back but suddenly gets put to sleep on his tummy. Finally, be sure to give your baby a lot of tummy time when hes awake. Tummy time helps promote physical development -- generally babies dont roll or crawl as soon if they dont get tummy time, for example. And if youre worried about SIDS, you want them to have a stronger head and neck so they can [lift] their face up if it gets covered. Also, babies can actually end up with lopsided heads, or bald spots from rubbing the back of their head on the mattress, if they spend too much time on their back. These arent dangerous, but if babies spend more time on their tummy itll relieve some of the friction and pressure.  [A] common bottle-feeding problem is the way parents position babies:Some lie them completely flat, which can make babies choke when feeding on the bottle. So be sure to have your baby semi-inclined or upright.  Its OK if your baby doesnt burp. Some babies just dont burp very well, and some babies dont need to very often. There are a lot of babies that will burp on their own. But for the first few months, most babies do need a little help. If your baby hasnt burped, and you really feel that she needs to, just lay her down for a few minutes to let the milk and air settle, then pick her up again. With most babies, if theyre going to burp, it will happen in the first minute or two. But if there hasnt been a burp, you really dont need to worry.  Babys feeding schedule probably wont change too much if youre using breast milk in the babys bottle. But if you're using formula, which is a little thicker and slower to digest, you may go longer between feedings or have fewer feedings. This really depends on the age of the baby.  Some people say yes -- that babies swallow more air with a bottle or that theyre colicky because the baby formula is harder to digest. But really, no one knows what causes colic. However, breastfeeding does seem to help a colicky baby.  Newborns tend to take about one to two ounces per bottle feeding, typically maxing out at six to eight ounces per bottle at six to eight months.  The pendulum has swung back and forth a lot on when to start solids. We now know that 4 to 6 months seems to be the best time -- when the babys digestive system can handle solids and they dont impact allergies for the worse. If you wait until your babys much older than 6 months, she may reject the texture.  If swaddling helps baby sleep at night there's no reason you shouldn't do so during the day. Just remember to avoid wrapping the hips too tightly and to stop swaddling once baby is mobile enough to roll around and possibly become tangled in the blanket. Wearable sleep blankets (like a mini sleeping bag) may also be a good option.  It's normal in the first few weeks for a baby's eyes to move in different directions, such as having one eye turn inward toward the nose while the other looks straight--a condition called strabismus. Most babies outgrow this problem by the time they are a few months old. Babies whose eye alignments do not improve by 3 or 4 months of age should see an ophthalmologist who is trained in caring for infants. Sometimes the shapes of the eyes can make it look like a baby's eyes are crossing so if you're not sure, have your pediatrician check it out. It can be helpful to take a picture of your baby's eyes when they do not appear to be aligned so the doctor can see the suspected problem in action. ...  ... It's because honey (and other products such as improperly canned foods or some corn syrups) may contain bacteria called Clostridium botulinum that can cause botulism in infants. The symptoms of botulism include severe muscle weakness, poor feeding, and breathing problems and occurs in about 100 infants every year. Babies (especially those younger than 6 months) are at risk because their digestive systems are not mature enough to handle the bacteria. Fortunately, most babies receive medical treatment and can recover fully.  Unlike sunscreen, which is important to reapply every few hours, insect repellent generally should be used just once a day and then washed off before bedtime. Check labels for age recommendations. DEET is approved for infants over 2 months; oil of lemon eucalyptus is not recommended until at least 3 years. Higher concentrations of DEET last longer than lower ones (10% DEET is effective for 2 hours while 24% is effective for about 5). The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that children use DEET concentrations below 30%. DEET and picaridin tend to last longer than plant oil-based repellents. You can also use netting to physically keep bugs away from your baby. ...  Did you know that nearly half of all children have tooth decay by the time they reach kindergarten? To prevent early tooth decay, get into the habit of wiping your baby's teeth and gums every night before bed. Limit your baby's intake of juices and sweetened foods and drinks. Finally, one main cause of cavities is the transfer of decay-causing bacteria from a parent's mouth (usually the mother's) to the baby's mouth so avoid putting things like pacifiers into your own mouth before putting it into baby's mouth.  Most babies start drooling a lot and sticking their hands in their mouths between 2 and 4 months, although on average teeth don't actually break through the surface until 6 to 8 months. The extra drool can be a sign that the salivary glands are getting ready for an expanded diet of solids; also, even though teeth may not come through right away, they may be moving up and causing some discomfort. Teeth sometimes do come very early (as early as 4 weeks of age) so you may in fact have an early teether. ...  ... When a child is exposed to radiation, one must consider the risks and benefits involved in the child's situation. When a young baby has a fever, it can mean that there is a serious illness that needs immediate treatment. A chest X-ray can be helpful to decide what treatment, if any, the child needs. Since a person's total exposure to radiation is what may determine the risk of cancer in the future, it can be helpful to ask if X-rays are definitely needed each time a doctor recommends one. ...  When babies do not look toward one side, there may be a problem with vision, or a condition called torticollis (or "wry neck") where the head turns or tilts in one direction and prefers not to look at the other side. It may also be that the baby prefers looking at something or someone on the opposite side and not at the object. If you have concerns, be sure to contact your pediatrician right away in case an evaluation or treatment is needed, otherwise mention the situation at your next appointment. ...  CALL HER DR.  Call and ask your Dr. your still in your 1st trimester so i wouldnt chance anything.    Please see doctor as soon as possible you can be anemic possibly from loosing blood it can be crohns disease,ulcerative colitis, anal cancer maybe hemmoroids ,you can be hemmoraging from the misscarriage, it can also a kidney infection!  Using any drug while pregnant is harmful to the baby and will cause EXTREMELY painful withdraw symptoms after the baby is born. Taking meth while pregnant is not safe for the baby's health.  The baby will have "O" blood, however the + or - part can only be determined by testing I believe. http://www.redcrossblood.org/learn-about-blood/blood-types  Chemotherapy yes but Radiation treatments not sure but I would not do it because a person is not suppose to get xrays while pregnant sorry for the misspelling I do not feel right.  It is highly unlikely , but possible  This is a great question and there are some simple things that you should have around the house. These things should include things like hydrogen peroxide, alcohol swabs, gauze pads, Vaseline. Just basically because you have to use a thermometer which is another thing that should be on that list. A rectal thermometer sometimes is recommended by the pediatricians depending on the age of the baby, but regular ear thermometer works just as well. Things also like Neosporin or triple antibiotic ointment. Saline drops to help loosing any mucous if the baby seems congested. A nasal aspirator, which is a device that will help you draw out the mucous out of their congested nose. A vaporizer or humidifier is always handy to have as well and including things like diaper rash ointment, maybe some latex gloves to have. These are some necessities I think will be really important for them to have.  You can actually start giving Tylenol at when they are born, but you want to make sure that your doctor or healthcare provider has advised that first and there are all dosing instructions. It's very important to realize that the dosing is going to be based on the child's weight. So when you are talking to a pharmacist or healthcare provider, know your child's weight. All the time I have dads that come in and they say, oh, my wife asked me to pick up this product. And I go , well, what is the child's weight, and they have no idea. So kindly put that in your cell phone or PDA and have that really handy. Also for an infant, you want to buy the infant type of Tylenol, not the children's version. The infant is little more concentrated, you don't need as much medication and it comes with a specific dropper. So you want to make sure that you leave the dropper with the medication inside the box, so they stay together, because that dropper is really specific for that type of medicine.  There actually is. There are products that are called Mylicon Gas Drops where the active ingredient is Simethicone. This has been approved by the FDA, it's very safe.  Teething pain is very common, and there are a few things that parents can do to help: Give your baby a freezable teething ring or a pacifier that you can stick in the freezer. The cold can help decrease the inflammation, which is really what causes the pain. Wet a washcloth with cool water and let baby gnaw on it a bit to relieve some pain and inflammation. Massage your baby's gums with your finger. Infant acetaminophen (Panadol, Pediapap, or Tylenol) may help as well. It will help with the pain, won't cause any other side-effects, and baby may actually sleep a little bit better. The FDA issued a warning about teething medications that contain benzocaine, such as Anbesol, Baby Orajel, and Orabase. They have advised parents and care takers not to use products with benzocaine in children younger than age 2. Benzocaine has been associated with a condition called methemoglobinemia that can affect a baby's oxygen levels.  Vaporizers are great as well as humidifiers, they actually create a water mist into the room which will help with congestion.  There are no over-the-counter medications approved for a child that young. You can use saline drops in the baby's nose to loosen up the mucus and use a nasal aspirator to help remove it. You can also run a vaporizer in the baby's bedroom, which will help put moisture in the air and aid with congestion. We have to remember that children are not "little adults" and we have to be very careful about medications. If you are not sure, ask your pharmacist; we are happy to help.  This is a good question because Benadryl is not a nasal decongestant, and will do nothing for the stuffy nose (not to mention this medication should not be given to a child this young.) You want to use saline drops to help thin out the mucus in the nose and then use a nasal aspirator to help clear the passageway. I also recommend running a vaporizer in the baby's bedroom -- that usually helps a lot as well for congestion. Parents need to be very careful about cough and cold medications in infants and children, so take the time to talk to your pharmacist.  As a pharmacist I have to ask, who prescribed the pain medication and did they know you were pregnant? Many mothers-to-be experience back pain when they are pregnant. Vicodin is a pregnancy Category C drug which means we do not have data necessary to determine if it is OK or not. I would call your doctor immediately and advise him, if he was not the physician who wrote for the Vicodin in the first place. When using a drug like Vicodin, the risks and benefits have to be weighed. If you have any questions about safe medications to use during pregnancy, ask your pharmacist. We are the medication experts.  Great question and something that you should always ask your pharmacist because you need to be careful with over-the-counter medications even while you are nursing. Allergy medications like Claritin, Benadryl, and Zyrtec have all been found in breast milk. Because of the higher risk of adverse reactions in infants generally, and for newborns and premature infants in particular, antihistamine therapy is not recommended in nursing mothers.  [This is] something that you should always ask your pharmacist because you need to be careful with over-the-counter medications even while you are nursing. Allergy medications like Claritin, Benadryl, and Zyrtec have all been found in breast milk. Because of the higher risk of adverse reactions in infants generally, and for newborns and premature infants in particular, antihistamine therapy is not recommended in nursing mothers.  ...Benadryl is not a nasal decongestant and will do nothing for the stuffy nose (not to mention this medication should not be given to a child this young.) You want to use saline drops to help thin out the mucus in the nose and then use a nasal aspirator to help clear the passageway. I also recommend running a vaporizer in the baby's bedroom -- that usually helps a lot as well for congestion. Parents need to be very careful about cough and cold medications in infants and children, so take the time to talk to your pharmacist.  First, you should know that there is no way that I can tell you for sure who the father of your baby is. But, medically, you should know that those people are wrong. It is completely possible for you to be impregnated during your period. Your period works on a simple cycle: your womb builds up a blood-like lining on the walls of itself that is both cushioning and nutrient-rich; then, your ovaries release an egg that waits to be fertilized for a few days or hours, depending on the woman (ovulation); then, when the egg is not fertilized OR the body does not perceive the fertilization, the lining falls away and is your period. This last part can happen while you are ovulating or actually after. Every woman is different. But MOST women have 1 week of lining build-up, 1 week of ovulation, 1 week of waiting, then 1 week of period, approximately. The only way to know is to have a paternal test done with either a home kit or by a doctor. After the baby is born, if your cycle bothers you that much, you can have tests done to determine if you ovulate before, during, or after your period.  I have several spelling errors! I meant Gerber cereal and "I was told to wait giving her wheat."  Yes, you will need to have a Social Security number and be able to show proof of your legal immigration status.  I'm sorry to hear about your situation.  Check with the Foundation for Health Coverage and Education and take the simple 5 question quiz to learn what options you may have right now.  CMV stands for cytomegalovirus. It is a common virus although most people who become infected have no symptoms, some people may develop symptoms including fever, sore thoart, swollen glands, and fatigue. Some people are at increased risk for more serious disease from CMV. Those at risk include people with weakened immune systems and babies who are infected before birth. CMV is typically spread through direct contact with body fluids such as saliva and urine. It can spread by sexual contact. Women who become infected during pregnancy can pass the infection to the fetus which can lead to disabilities.  A pre-pregnancy appointment with your doctor is a good start. Here is a slideshow with more info on pre-pregnancy planning http://www.webmd.com/baby/ss/slideshow-prepregnancy-checklist  E cigarette as succedaneum of tobacco cigarette, it is less harmful than it . but it is also contain nicotime-high or not. there are may some e-juice is not contain nicotine, but may will have some other chemicals. so it is better to have fruit.  Get to your local ER NOW! What you are referring to could be a life or death situation. A retained placenta is nothing to play with and if you have delivered at home because you couldn't get to the hospital for whatever reason or you had a home birth with a midwife DO NOT EVEN LISTEN TO THE MIDWIFE, GO TO YOUR PHONE NOW AND DIAL 911! I do not mean to be insulting to the midwifery centers or midwives in general but I do not feel the practice is safe and I have seen two cases of a midwife losing both mother and baby when both would probably still be alive if they had been at the hospital. When something goes wrong during birth it usually happens hard and fast and if you do not have the equipment you need right there and immediately accessible then you can have a tragedy which was completely unnecessary. More and more women are opting for home birth having been told birth is a natural process and yes it is however, the risk is just too high and the consequences too severe to risk even one death which doesn't have to happen. A retained placenta can cause what in the past was called "childbed fever" where the mother gets a severe uterine infection. There are ways to treat it today however, the risks of hysterectomy, infertility, etc., are very real and again, unnecessary. You can also suffer severe life threatening bleeding from a retained placenta. The only safe treatment in my opinion is in a hospital so please, go! Be well,. Aylagh MacAnnadh, M/D.  Yes, a tubal ligation has no effect on the female hormonal cycle. Be Well, Aylagh MacAnnadh, M.D.  It may not be necessary for you to take a multivitamin, provided your diet is well-rounded, and you dont have any nutrient deficiencies. That said, any multivitamin that provides 100% of the RDA of all the essential vitamins and minerals is best. There is no specific formula necessary. It is generally preferable to avoid a multivitamin with iron, unless you are anemic. Talk to your health care provider or pharmacist to find the best multivitamin for you.  You need to have her iron checked and get a feeding evaluation. Start with your pediatrician where they can test her levels and check to see if anything medical is going on such food allergies or reflux.  Anything can upset a baby's stomach depending on the circumstances. Rice cereal is pretty mild and a low allergenic food but it does contain iron which may cause sensitivity in certain children.  While you want to check with your pediatrician, it sounds like your baby is experiencing infant regurgitation, also called spit up, where the contents in the stomach reflux back into the esophagus. This occurs frequently in babies because the muscles at the lower esophageal sphincter muscle (responsible for keeping food from coming back up) are weak. Your pediatrician should be able to tell you if it is problematic which usually happens when reflux causes problems such as inflammation, swallowing problems, poor weight gain and food refusal. For the most part, frequent regurgitation is considered normal when growth is fine and the child eats with well with no other signs of distress. Because you are breastfeeding, there could be other things contributing such as an overactive letdown (milk comes out fast) and laying baby down right after feeding. A lactation consultant can help you troubleshoot feeding your baby to decrease vomiting. For more on this subject, see this WebMD article. Congrats on your new baby!  What happens early on in pregnancy is kind of like a nausea hunger. If you don't fill you belly then it gets a weird feeling (I'm speaking from experience on this one). This typically goes away in the second trimester. Just try to plan and eat nutritious food at regular intervals and stay active. Your doctor will track your weight so be sure to keep your appointments.  Ultrasounds help health professionals estimate weight but it is impossible to be precise with weight until the baby is born. Your healthcare provider will measure baby's growth in a variety of ways to make sure everything is on track and should alert you if it is not. For example, they will measure the size of the head and the length of the bones on ultrasounds, monitor your weight and size. It is best to address growth concerns with your doctor who is following your case closely. See this article for more details of growth during the second trimester of pregnancy. Congrats on your pregnancy!  Any fever in the first months could indicate a significant infection requiring immediate attention. All children under two months old with a true fever need a medical evaluation. Call your doctor to check up on fevers for at least the first four to six months of your babys life. But fever is only part of the story. An even more important question is: does your newborn look unwell? If your baby appears to be sick in any way - irritability, listlessness, lethargy, poor feeding, respiratory distress, rash, vomiting, diarrhoea, etc - contact your doctor, even if the temperature is not high enough to be called a fever.  Is your baby sleeping through the night? Its the question every parent of a newborn gets. How well does he or she sleep at night? And every new parent asks the other, related question: When will my baby sleep through the night? Ever? (Never?) No two babies are alike. Thats true when it comes to sleep, as well. Ive heard from parents whose babies sleep, well, like a baby  through the night  as early as six weeks old. And then there are those parents who still struggle to get a full night of uninterrupted sleep more than a year after their babys birth. What gives? In the first few weeks of life, babies dont have a circadian rhythm going yet which helps them to know the difference between daylight and nighttime. This rhythm, or body clock, starts ticking at around six weeks of age. But whats more critical to the sleep rhythms of infants is their need for nourishment. In other words, its not so much that babies are missing the on and off switch that adults have when it comes to day-and-night cycles. Its that babies cannot hold enough food (i.e., breast milk or formula) in their bellies to get through the night without needing more calories for growth. It takes a baby a few months to grow a belly big enough to accommodate enough calories so they may rest for longer periods without needing to fill up again. And because breast milk, in particular, gets digested more quickly than formula, moms who exclusively breastfeed typically find themselves tending to their tots more frequently than those who are formula-fed. But heres some good news for new parents who worry that they may be doomed to years of sleeplessness: A new study published in the journal Pediatrics and done by researchers from the University of Canterbury, New Zealand, states that by the age of 5 months, over 50 percent of all infants are following their parents sleeping times  and sleeping right through the night. Sound too good to be true? Well, this also means that 50 percent of infants are not following their parents sleeping schedules and are not sleeping through the night. Theres a difference between a baby matching his or her parents sleeping schedule and sleeping through the night. The researchers noted that achieving non-stop sleep does not take that long, but its coinciding with the parents schedule takes longer. For example, a baby who sleeps for six straight hours but does so from 6 pm to midnight, is not going to please most parents who would prefer to go to bed at 10 and get up at 6. But a baby who sleeps for six straight hours from, say 11 p.m. to 5 a.m., may be a lot easier to handle than a baby who has a parent (or both) up in the dead middle of the night. Despite the statistics, sometimes babies just dont comply with whats considered average or normal. And sometimes you just have to stick it out until your baby gets on the same playing field as you. Hopefully thats sooner rather than later. But there are a few things you can try to get your little one to fall into that first 50 percent category  the 50 percent of infants who sleep relatively well through the night. Here they are: * Get a.m. light: Make sure your baby gets a dose of morning light. This will help set the body clock up, and reset a body clock that may be ticking a tad off schedule. * Preserve nap time: Babies nap routinely throughout the day, usually once in the morning, and another in the afternoon. Though you may be tempted to cut back on nap time in order to save sleep time for the night, this will backfire. Babies who get the full extent of their naps in, sleep better than those whose naps are cut short. And they just might grow up smarter, thanks to their naps. * Cluster feed: To overcome the challenge of keeping your babys belly satiated through the night, see if you can feed him in small clusters in the evening hours and then top-off his belly close to bedtime so he goes to sleep with a full belly. That way, he or she is less likely to wake up within a couple of hours hungry. * Try the eat, sleep, play method: We used this method in our house and found it to be extremely helpful. The key here is consistency in the schedule: If it is sleep time and you are out, get home and get them to bed, it will pay off. And for those who try everything and nothing works, consult your pediatrician, there could be reflux (sometimes called colic), or any number of digestive disorders that could be waking your baby. Then be patient. One night, your baby will surprise you. Youll wake up to the sound of nothing and worry that something happened to him or her. As you rush to the crib to check on your little one, you realize that all is well. All are asleep. And so should you be, too.  It is 3 a.m., and you have a baby. And we all know what is going on: Its feeding time, its changing time, or it is simply time to say Hi everyone! I am up and excited to be here! But you have a presentation at work the next day, carpool in the morning, and this is night number 10 in a row, so what does a sleep-deprived parent do? A new study has told us exactly what may be happening, and no big surprises here: Mom gets up more than Dad! A University of Michigan researcher (having reviewed 20,000 working parents from 2003-2007) has given us the first known nationally representative data documenting substantial gender differences in getting up at night -- mainly for babies and small children. Not only do women get up more than men (working women are 2 times more likely to get up than working dads: 32% of women compared to 11% of men) but: * Women stay up for an average of 44 minutes as compared to 30 minutes for men. * The difference is maintained even with many other variables taken into account such as: employment status, income, education levels. * Sole bread-winner moms seem to have it even worse: 28% of sole-provider working moms have interrupted sleep, compared to only 4 % of sole-provider working dads! The good news is that according to this study, this difference and the actual interruptions decline with the age of the child. As the child gets older (ages 3-5) the difference is less, just 3% for working moms and 1% for working dads. My suggestion for any parents with a newborn: 1. Consult with your pediatrician to make sure that there is no emergent physical reason for these awakenings (e.g., colic or reflux). 2. Consider an on-call rotation similar to other professions for example: * Mom takes Monday, Wednesday and Friday nights. * Dad takes Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday nights. * And you rotate every other Sunday. 3. Look at your internal biological clock and see what may work better: * Is one parent a night owl and the other an early to bed  early to rise person? * Split the night in half and each take a shift! And a special note to all the Moms who have Dads who help out in the middle of the night (but you probably already know this): Hes a keeper!  Creating strong sleep habits  for you and for your child  is not just an important goal, its an achievable one. There are several simple, practical steps you can take to help your entire family get the nightly good rest they need. Keep in mind these basic new-parent strategies for protecting your sleep, and your relationship. Share the workload: Rotating feedings at night, trading off chores  when both partners are involved in family work, everyone gets a break. Know yourselves: Pay attention to your own natural inclinations, when it comes to sleep. The night-owl of the two of you is probably better suited for the midnight feeding than the early bird. One-on-one time: It can be tempting to put every moment of attention to your baby, especially new moms. Nurturing your marriage is important too. Find time every day to connect with your spouse. To help your child develop strong sleep skills, start early with these basic habits: Slow things down: As bedtime approaches, quiet the activity level in the house. Television, music, and high-octane running around can be replaced with reading and quiet play as you prepare for your childs bedtime ritual. Bath, bed, repeat: Create a bedtime routine that you can follow nightly. Maybe its bath, then PJs, followed by a book and a back rub. Your childs routine should be quiet, soothing, and enjoyable for you both. Set that bedtime: Once youve picked a bedtime for your child, stick with it. Toddlers ages 1-3 should be sleeping from 12-14 hours a night. (The National Sleep Foundation has recommendations for sleep amounts for children from infancy to adolescence.) Whatever time you pick, remember  consistency is the key. Dont skip the naps: Skimping on naps wont make babies more apt to sleep. Also, its best to put your child when shes sleepy, not exhausted or actually asleep. This way, shes better able to develop self-soothing techniques that will help her fall asleep on her own.  The symptoms you describe can be signs of early pregnancy. I have no way of knowing if this is it or what your GP suggests, which is also a possibility. A few days after conception, the fertilized egg attaches itself to wall of the uterus. This can cause one of the earliest signs of pregnancy -- spotting and, sometimes, cramping. That's called implantation bleeding. It occurs anywhere from six to 12 days after the egg is fertilized. The bleeding and cramps, however, are slight. Here's more information on pregnancy symptoms  While it is still possible to get pregnant, it's less likely since you started your period the next day. That means that you were not likely in a time in your cycle where pregnancy is likely. To increase your ability to get pregnant, you should time intercourse around the time of ovulation. WebMD's ovulation calculator can help .  Very little, still see a doctor though because if you aren't pregnant you may still have another health concern.  A standard miscarriage no matter blood type is very painful, and bloody. I had a miscarriage, and it was excruciating. I also with 2 normal full term pregnancys had spotting for sometimes days at a time evertime my husband and I had sex. We were very nervous the first few times. The best thing that you can do with this pregnancy and any others you may have, is to keep close contact with your docs office. Get a good O/B, and follow up regularly. If you have the RH blood type, they will immediatly begin medical attn on that, and will require a difference in the routine check ups. Good Luck, and take care of yourself, and that little person growing in you.  i had the same thing happen to me while pregnant. my daughter is 1 now and perfectly healthy. you have to remember your body is sensitive now since you are pregnant. sex will make you bleed some times. you may even cramp. as long as it is light spotting or just a little blood you will be fine. when to worry would be heavy bleeding, no movement, and pain so bad you cant stand upright. i promise you will be ok :)  by the way i am RH negative also. you will get a shot soon to protect you and the baby  I have been in your position and I know how you feel, however I am going to repeat what my Dr., whom I get suboxone from, told me just last week. Then you will have the information to make a educated decision. It is illegal to prescribe suboxone to anyone who is pregnant. The program that I have been in for over a year, caught alot of heat, when one of the patients who had been taking suboxone, was found out to be pregnant. I understand that you are worried about the withdrawal affecting the fetus, but if you are getting through 28 days of the month without taking anything, I doubt you would withdrawal if you stopped taking those 2 suboxone. Your body starts going into withdrawals once the medicine has left your system, if I skip a day of my suboxone- I can tell the next day by how my body reacts. If you are really taking 2 a month, you would be going weeks at a time without taking anything. Your body would have already adjusted to not having the suboxone in your system. Your just starting the cycle over again when u take one. This seems like an odd amount to be taking and feeling like you really need them. However, I'm not gonna judge your situation. I do know from doing research, that their are other medicine options for people who are addicted and pregnant. I read online that some addicts are prescribed methadone when they are pregnant, instead of suboxone. Im not sure how accurate that statement is, but if you really need something you could google it and see what others have been prescribed. Regardless once ur due date approaches, I am sure that most Dr.s lower ur dose and try to wean you off any medicine at all, otherwise your baby will be born addicted to meds as well. It will be in your babys system when they are born, and they will have withdrawals once they are not in your womb anymore, and not getting their dose of medicine through you. I would consider all of this and decide what option works for you, if your worried now, your concern will only get worse, the further along you get. Guilt is a hard thing to live with.    Hi A baby's blood is a mix from both parents, that's how they tell who the father is. Good Luck  Hi Everything you eat, drink, breath all your emotional thoughts will go through your baby. It is a living thing inside you, everything you do it does, within reason. Does this help you. Good Luck  Hi, I think your find lots of things to try, exercises, cold water dips, but I think your find the only real way would breast re- augmentation, yes under the knife. Apart from those, I think the expression I'm looking for is that they have gone south, and wont come back. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi , So in reverse order. The dicharge and itching sounds like you have BV (bacterial vaginosis) for this its either off to the doctor for a test and meds, or you could try sea salt, its just a couple of handfuls in a warm bath twice daily for a week should help the problem, or there's Boric acid or Garlic, so for more info just google. Sea salt and bv, boric acid and bv and garlic and bv. So your late period, not getting proper sleep and backed up with stress, I would say are the problems, you must sort out your life, if not it will do only more damage to your body. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Well So Sorry for your loss, but glad you want to get back in the game of being a Mum. So, you do feel ready, and you feel healthy in body and mind, those last two are the most important. Now as for time scale, two thought on this, one says about 20 to 26 weeks and the other, says, not till you have had 3 cycles, it's to get your body back into its the rhythms of life. not forgetting you need to get your body strength back up. Get yourself on some prenatal vitamins, get things going, then once your 3rd or 4th cycle has gone go for it, try being a Mum. I do hope this helps your and hubby. Good Luck  Hi It would be best if you go through your doctor, with this problem, I think its a deeper problem than advice on here would help. Good Luck  Hi You will need to wait till you get your full periods back before you start trying for a baby, I think your find also that you need to have had at least 2 period's, before you start trying. If it was a mirena don't forget it has the hormone levenorgestrel in it, and would need for you body to readjust back to normal, so you have that to take into consideration. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I can't believe you sat and wrote this question. I don't know how old you are, but I suggest you really need to get some sex education urgently. No the sex of the baby is not determined by the number of testicles one has it takes a lot more that that. But male sperm is the main factor either way. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I can't believe you sat and wrote this question. I don't know how old you are, but I suggest you really need to get some sex education urgently. No the sex of the baby is not determined by the number of testicles one has it takes a lot more that that. But male sperm is the main factor either way. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, You have had a 'pulsing' in your lower abdomen and pelvic area and you are a little worried You have a major artery which runs down both our legs called the femoral arteries which is what you may have been feeling due to the raised pressure of you blood due to pregnancy, and the pressure of your ever growing baby I would try not to worry too much about this, as it is quite a common occurance Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi For his eczema try ACV (apple cider vinegar), is it just say chicken breasts you by and cook or is it anything chicken? Please come back through answer this.  Hi If you was in England I would say go see your midwife, son it would something similar or your obstetrician, perhaps a scan will help you, as you feel no more kicking. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Its just a day, please give it a week then get a pregnancy test, and do the test. Good Luck  Hi Your saying you had sex with a horse? Was this in a field? or a stable? Did you not think of using a condom? they do make them that big, they use them for collecting sperm at the studs. Last thing, is this a joke question, did you dream this?  Hi, If you think it would be best to come off the drugs, google natural ways out of depression, your find lots of help all without drugs, this way you know that you wont be affecting you future child. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your find it really hard to find the answer to that, its one of life's mysteries, the only thing is some areas seem to have higher deaths than others. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do is get yourself a sperm test done, and see what you count is, don't forget it only takes one of our men to do the job, If I remember right there's around 17 million sperm in each ejaculate for the average man, so your down 50%= 81/2 million, should do the job. But just get a test done. Good Luck  Hi Sorry but no uterus, no pregnancy, now that's a fact, without that one piece of the body's jigsaw, your egg would have no where to go and nether would the sperm. But what you could be having is a phantom pregnancy, women do get these and get all the same effects, even complete with a swollen abdomen and will last the full 9 months. Your best bet would be go see your doctor or obstetrician. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Did he not offer you the BC pill to try and regulate your periods, for a year, if these can kick your periods to become regular it would be a good way to start. Or even try some extra hormones treatment to regulate your periods. Or have you been done these avenues? Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just google this, baby's eye colour predictor, this should answer your question but I think your find the answer is yes, its all down to us men and sperm, it comes from that. Lots to read there's a vid on one that quite interesting. Good Luck  Hi I would get to your doctor or ER ASAP, you should not be putting out that amount of urine, you could be damaging your body. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The first thing you do need to know, is are you pregnant, it would be best to see your doctor and get a test done there. Its your best way. Good Luck  Hi I think you should start drinking more water, its very good for your system, gets things flushed through your body, try it, it may amaze you. Good Luck  Hi I found you this link, sounds very much the same as you? http://www.justanswer.com/ob-gyn/8l55j-sonohysterogram-last-week.html Just copy into google to open and read. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Been to your doctor yet? if not why not, this should be the first place to go, for help not doing this will send you crazy. Have you thought of the fact it could be just a phantom pregnancy, it can happen, one more thing is that at times a women can go thought there whole pregnancy having the monthly period, crazy as it sounds. Please remember some women go through life having miscarriage after miscarriage, perhaps up to 10 times before they get all the way or never. So please go seek help from your doctor or obstetrician, these are the people who can really help you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi, If its still swollen, then try icing it, by this you sit in a sitz bath with some real icy water with ice cubes for 5 minutes at a time, about 6 times a day, that should see it go down. Was this after sex, next time use extra lubrication. Good Luck  Hi Try this first link http://rhnegativeregistry.com/rh_negative_rare_and_basic_blood_types.html This second link may help you, it goes a bit deeper than the first, and could shed some light. http://genetics.thetech.org/ask/ask114 Just copy each link into google to open and read. Do hope these help in some way. Good Luck  Hi Linda, Below is a couple of links, these may help to work out before you go for tests, try not forgetting that getting pregnant is all down to timing, and for this you need to understand your cycle, just in case you do not understand your cycle then try this link its pretty simple to understand. http://www.nhs.uk/Livewell/menstrualcycle/Pages/Whatisthemenstrualcycle.aspx http://infertility.about.com/od/tryingtoconceive101/a/symptomsrisks.htm Just copy these two links into google to open and read, but one at a time. http://www.webmd.com/infertility-and-reproduction/guide/female-infertility This link will just open. Do hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi If its stays at that tem, then yes get off to the ER well wrapped up, you don't want him and worst. Good Luck  Hi Ok so 8 days ago, where was this in you cycle then being day 1 was the first day of your last period, around day 14 would have been your ovulation day, and day 21 would be your implantation day. So you really need to work that bit out, if this was after day 14, then you should have been in the safe period. So all you can do now is wait to see if you miss your next period, you do a test then. But you have this problem with meds your on, then go see your doctor now, if there that bad your doctor could give you something to help abort it. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Have you seen your doctor over this, you may now need a D&C this as you should know will clean out your womb, this will get things right for you. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well its either of to your doctor for some meds, or you could bind them very tightly, this way it stops the milk being created in them, but have nop idea how long it takes, try and google it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Yes that's what there for, to protect you from getting pregnant, but if your on them for a few years it may take up to 6 months to get back to a regular cycle so you can get pregnant. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes, get the buggers yank out, an 11 year old does not need a root canal. Just like you said they will soon fall out. Good Luck  Hi, As you say fix, for him having a vas is just a very simple procedure, his own doctor could do it, this way job done and no more problems once he gets the all clear, you can change his middle name to Martini? its from the advert, anytime, anyplace, anywhere, with no problems. Or its the pill or an IUD, or the good old condoms. I had a vas way back in 1976, drove back home from London to Suffolk, no problems and back to work the next day, it was that simple, sent a sperm sample of at 4 weekly intervals, 12 weeks job done, been very happy ever since, and we still are. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Volume would depend on how many times you having sex or masturbating, if your having sex to often then she will have a hard time getting pregnant, the sperm would be immature, your sperm needs to be strong and healthy. These two herbs that may increase your volume, there Muira Puama and Catuba these two in south America are used as a sex drink, just google both for more info. But one good thing would be to take a complete break from sex and masturbating for a couple of weeks, say the two to three weeks as your wife starts her period, starting from day one of her period, allow 7 days for her period, its then 14 days to the next egg drop,ok, you need to have sex on day 12, it takes our sperm 3 days to get to the egg, so things should happen then, all being well, now that's if your wife's periods are a normal 28 day cycle. I do hope this helps, in some way. Good Luck  Hi It could be the breast feeding, this can act as BC, But I think it may be best to wait till your body has settled down a bit longer and you have stopped breast feeding. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Her quitting and going cold turkey will benefit her and her baby straight away. Throwing out her cigarettes and vowing never to smoke again may be difficult for her for a few weeks, but each day she will fill better for it. But there's no evidence that the stress of suddenly quitting smoking has any effect on your baby, so that would be the way for her to go. This would also benefit the baby, if she carries on it could be under weight. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi You mean you lasted that long, my wife had sex when I got her home, you women just cant wait, if your breast feeding, sometimes this acts like BC for some women, but what happened to the good old condom? Well its toss a coin time, and just hope it lands the right way up for you. Good Luck  Hi No your so wrong, just google bc pill, have a look at goaskalice. Good Luck  Hi if you think either then go see your doctor and get tests done on both, its the only way you will find out what's going on. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi For one it would depend how long since your last period, but you would have to look at IVF, this could be your only route. And the cost that goes with it. Good Luck  Hi Have you tried being on the BC pill to regulate your periods? or doing some hormone therapy< also to regulate you. Hope this helps. Good Luck PC But it helps to say just where you are?  Hi Your question is a very good one, but do think this would best discussed with an obstetrician its more there field. Good Luck  Hi Your question is a very good one, but do think this would best discussed with an obstetrician its more there field. Good Luck  Hi This is some info I found for you, you may find that this helps. Increase your intake of soy by consuming soy milk, tofu or other soy products. Soy protein raises the body's levels of estrogen, the main female hormone, and this has a lowering effect on testosterone levels, Avoid eating cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli, cauliflower, radishes, turnips, cabbage and Brussels sprouts. These vegetables have all been shown to dramatically reduce estrogen levels, thereby raising testosterone levels, so avoiding them can support lowering your testosterone levels naturally Decrease your essential fatty acid, or EFA, consumption. Essential fatty acids come from sources such as peanuts, avocados, fish and nutritional oils like flax seed, olive and canola oils. These foods are a great way to naturally boost testosterone levels, so reducing their intake will encourage a lowering of testosterone, You can also reduce your sleep time down to 6 hours a night, A lack of sleep contributes to cortisol production, and this will lower your testosterone levels The next thing for you to do would be to google depo shot side effects, on there you will find lots of info that may help you get out of you problem. But please try and wean yourself of smoking, get out exercising and get on a healthy diet. These last 3 things will help you become the well women. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, A connection between fibromyalgia symptoms and menstrual cycle is possible but not proven. It is well known that most chronic illnesses can cause irregular menses. The portions of the nervous system that control menstruation are very sensitive to any slight changes in the body, such as those that occur with conditions like fibromyalgia. From, Daniel Clauw, MD, Rheumatologist Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi In the UK they say two, but then my daughter has had three, but I think you find that in the USA they sat three to four in the OK number, but if you read around I have seen sevens and eights. But I would have thought this would depend on the women, and her body build and strength. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do is go see your doctor ASAP. Good Luck  Hi After trying very hard to find any kind of got info for you, I have two links, Sorry. OK Not a doctor, but have you thought of getting him a sperm test done, It could be a good place to start, I know diabetes really mucks up a guys sex life, lots of trouble with ED just for starters. But have a read through these two links could be something or nothing. http://www.webmd.com/diabetes/news/20070502/diabetes-may-affect-mens-fertility http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-1033723/Partners-diabetic-men-likely-miscarry.html Just copy each link into google one at a time to open and read. Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi See your doctor, see if can arrange for you to have a scan done, see what shows up. Good Luck  Hi, Don't know if has a name, but she/he is just inter acting with you, wait till its does start talking, it wont stop, my son talked his head off. But your find its how they learn to talk, all the time the brain is gathering information. Its so great just keep it up. Good Luck  Hi Well if its a he, think he could be football training, if its a she, a dancer or gymnast, I just think you have to worry about, some lick more than others, its when they stop, then worry. Its just being normal. Good Luck  Hi If that's the case, perhaps her dates are wrong?  Hi Have an good read through this link, its a forum lots of ideas from other mums, cant be better than that. But it would be best if you do find just one route to take, but do look up about fenugreek, I have read about that and breast feeding. http://www.babycenter.com/400_how-to-increase-breast-milk-supply_10357201_921.bc Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sorry for your problem, I think it would be safe for you to have sex when ever you fill your up to it, for my wife it was when she got home. But take it slowly, use lots of lubrication, see how it fills, and take it form there, but having sex after birth, I know they give advice, but end of the day, its your body, and its how you fill, so if you fill your up to it, go for it. But slowly Do hope this helps you and your husband. Good Luck  Hi I found this doing some research on it for you, its from WebMD's site, http://forums.webmd.com/3/gynecology-exchange/forum/10916 But if you google boric acid safe why pregnant you will find lots of mixed answer for and against. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sorry forgot the last part of your question, you need to wait for your periods to get back in sinque, for a couple of months, and when you fill you ready to go again, that's the time. Good Luck  Hi I think your husband should start doing what your doing with baby, this should show why your off sex at the moment, its bringing up baby that's the problem, its draining you, the last thing you want to think about is sex. But there is your answer the more both men and women think about sex the more we want it. But then us men are always thinking about sex, they say, but you may find the more you can think about what you would like to do with your husband in bed, then things should start to get better for you both. Try reading sexy novels, women love the written sex, as men love pictures. try that. Good Luck  Hi Its 99% of not getting pregnant, so you could be that 1%, your find it does happen, being that 1% person. Sorry but that's life. But I would get some test done and take it from there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Having strep throat is not that bad when pregnant and the antibiotic's would not hurt your baby, as for losing some weight, should not be that bigger problem , this losing weight would only be a hic-up, with the throat problem, should soon be gained back. Good Luck   Hi Having strep throat is not that bad when pregnant and the antibiotic's would not hurt your baby, as for losing some weight, should not be that bigger problem , this losing weight would only be a hic-up, with the throat problem, should soon be gained back. Good Luck  Hi, Dose sound like your having problems, have you thought of seeing a gyno, but just in case your not pregnant, you could try going on BC for say 6 months to regulate your periods, it could help you over your problems wioth these periods of yours. Hope this helps you and hubby. Good Luck  Hi If your worried then you should always call your doctor, even if only for a chat about your problems, from this he/she will say I will come and see you or please come in now. Was the reason for the injection that your doctor was afraid of you not going to term? Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have the one that needs a crown pulled, and the rest filled. The cost of a crown for a first tooth would not be worth it, as it could be out in 6 months. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I found this bit, it may help better than I can put it The sight of a mom breastfeeding while drinking a glass of wine no doubt has garnered disapproving stares and maybe some choice words from passersby.  Hi It would help if we knew just why you was taken the antibiotics? But if you trying to get pregnant, then having unprotected sex on day 14 wont work, as day 14 is ovulation day, give or take a day. Reason it takes 3 days for male sperm to reach the womb, so you need to think unprotected sex around day 8 so the sperm is there waiting for your egg, sperm can live in the womb for about 10 days max. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So try an obstetrician then, its an other alley could try going down for help. Good Luck   Hi Found you this very good link on how its done and how you will know when its time, all good facts. http://www.open.edu/openlearnworks/mod/oucontent/view.php?id=40&printable=1 Just copy in to google to open and read Hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi, If they have blisters it could be chicken pox, and they are also over her body, so see your doctor. But for anything else see your doctor as well. Good Luck  Hi, I have taken fenugreek as a part of my ED herbs for over coming it, but I found this, its got all of the things you asked for, enjoy. Yes. Women have used the spice fenugreek since ancient times in the Middle East, North Africa, and India to stimulate milk flow. Research has shown that fenugreek can increase milk production as much as 900 percent, although no one knows exactly how. The oil contained in fenugreek seeds is believed to play a role in boosting milk supply At my breastfeeding clinic in San Luis Obispo, California, I recommend fenugreek to women who aren't producing enough milk. Nearly all mothers report an increase in their milk supply within 24 to 72 hours after taking the herb. Most find that they can stop taking the herb once their level of milk production goes up as long as they make sure that both breasts are being completely emptied every two to three hours. Fenugreek will not improve low production when the breasts are not being well drained. You can buy fenugreek capsules containing ground seeds at most health food stores. The capsules of brands I am aware of contain either 580 or 610 mgs of the spice in each. A bottle of a hundred capsules costs around seven or eight dollars. Although some brands recommend that you take one capsule three times a day, this dosage is too low to adequately improve milk production. In our clinic, we recommend two or three capsules three times a day. You may also drink fenugreek tea, but it has an unpleasant bitter taste and is not considered as potent as taking the herb directly. Few women have bad reactions to fenugreek, although you will notice a maple syrup-like odour to your urine and sweat. In our experience with hundreds of women, a handful developed diarrhoea that quickly subsided when the amount was decreased or they stopped taking the herb. Two asthmatic mothers said it aggravated their condition, an interesting reaction as fenugreek is thought to help asthma by decreasing mucus production (in fact, many natural healers use fenugreek to treat coughs, bronchitis, and sinus problems for this very reason). If you are diabetic, use this herb with caution as it can lower blood glucose levels. And if you are pregnant, you should not take fenugreek since it may stimulate the uterus, causing contractions. There are no apparent side effects in babies whose mothers take the herb. I do hope that this has helped you. Good Luck  Hi Probable its because you were on some good vits if you look the bottle/packet if you still have it, and your see what was in them. But here's a list that may help, ok there's zinc, iron, vitamin B,s, C, D and Folate, beta carotene for vitamin A, Sulphur, and Omga-3, these should bring your hair back to full glory. Good Luck  Hi If like my wife, you keep a diary of you periods as a way of tracking them, from this you can work out things, like when your last period was, and from this when it should have been. OK so far, if your is just a 28 day period, then about day 14 this would have been your last ovulation day, give or take a day, so if you had sex around two or 3 days before that date, bingo you can now put your finger on who's the daddy. Good Luck  Hi, Sex wise, your overdoing it, when trying for a baby its every other day tops, the reason for the is that your sperm, the sperm your be using will not be up to the task you want it for, and also take into account it takes 3 days for sperm to reach the egg. So if your not getting there this cycle, remember next cycle, you will need to bee having sex around day 19 after the first day of her period, then try every other day after that, that might get you there. Good Luck  Hi Then this would now be good for you, the last thing you need is to gain to much weight, eating sensible would be the way to go, so don't try and follow what you did before. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi From literature that's about and including FDA, there seems to be no long term effects of plan B. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just washed in very hot water 60f for plastic toys, any cloth toys just machine wash them with the rest of your cloths. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi The chances at 22 weeks are not good, hours or just days at most if it did survive life would not be good, baby's born that early get lots of bad side effects. But there are drugs that should delay the birth. Good Luck.  Hi, See answer above.  Hi No, it keeps the young kids together, but you will have your work cut out, but if your using nappy's good luck keeping up with them, in our house nappy's ruled the day, but then our last one was way back in 1974, no know how you modern mothers get on without having to wash nappy's? But Good Luck  Hi Just where did you get this idea from, lets put it this way, No Way. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi What your describing sounds the same as my wife had twice both times she was put on hormone injections to strengthen the neck of the womb, she had these up to 18 weeks. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, If you bottle feed your baby, or combine bottle feeding with breastfeeding, your first period could start as soon as 5-6 weeks after you give birth. If you fully breastfeed (and do not combine bottle feeding with breastfeeding), it is possible that your periods may not start again until you stop breastfeeding. This is your body's way of preventing additional pregnancies while you have a small baby. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi You could try Vaseline, or baby oil, and if it come to it olive oil, all three are very good for the skin, and none of them will hurt her/him. Good Luck  Hi I think what your eating is giving you enough natural salt, if you read this link it confirms what I'm saying. The Link http://nutrition.about.com/od/too-much-or-not-enough/f/What-Happens-If-I-Don-T-Consume-Enough-Sodium.htm Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have a look at this site your find some good info that may help you. Good Luck http://www.livestrong.com/article/22748-decrease-testosterone-women-naturally/  Hi If your baby is constipated please read on it may help you. when such a little baby is constipated, the most probable reason is dehydration, he/she doesn't get enough fluids. Try to dilute your formula in more water than it says in the instructions, but make sure it gets the amount that it needs as if the formula was not diluted. For example, if you were putting 1 scoop in 2 oz, now put 1 scoop in 3 oz, but count it as 2oz of formula. Or you can give him water in between formula feeding, he/she might not like just water because he's not used to the "new" taste. I would recommend to boil water if you don't know how clean is the water in the area you live. Do hope this helps. good Luck  Hi, As they say anything is possible, as long as you have the money. Your find its only money that will open doors to you and your wife, sorry to say. But what you want is getting into a very difficult field of obstetrics, and that's were the money part comes in. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you mean on your breasts? think of this, have you tasted baby powder, but the answer you looking for is no, always keep your breasts clean and free from germs, you don't want baby picking anything up. Good Luck  Hi It dose not work that way, its from the time baby was born, Have a read of this link, see what you think. http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2010/oct/01/pregnant-for-10-months Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Good Luck  Hi Have a read of this link below, its from the UK's NHS, see if it rings any bells. http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/toxoplasmosis/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Hope in helps you, please keep your heads up. Good Luck PS As My wife was told your young. you have lots of chances yet, you need to put it behind you and go forward.  Hi One of ours did that she's now 47 and a Mum, never seamed to affect her. As they say a little bit of dirt never hurt anybody, helps build up resistance to germs. Good Luck  Hi As you should know your cycle, day 1 first day of your period? yes. So all you now need to do work out the rest from there, as day 8 and day 14. Good Luck  Hi Under normal circumstances, it would be the first day or so after your next missed period. But you pose a problem, if you know when this date would be, go see your doctor, he/she must know of your problem, so perhaps try having a test done there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sorry for the lose, but placing pillows round baby's is something that has gone for many, many years and still will be, what happened must have been something very freak, just cant understand how it would happen. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi Dose the rehab clinic know about this? if so I think they can work it out and adjust any meds there giving her. Good Luck  Hi You can but I think you find the success is not that high, you would need to see an obstetrician, for advice on your chances of success. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi first you have to think twins can pop up at anytime with any pregnancy, so with your husbands background it could happen, but then as said it could happen without his background. But I think you find it should they do say its skips a generation, so toss a coin time. Good Luck  Hi If your having hot flush's, this could be a sign of an early menopause, the only way yopu find that out would be to see your doctor and have a blood test done, your blood tells all. Good \Luck  Hi Give this link a good read, it may be able to help you out of your problem, or has your doctor thought of this, you may also talk it through with your obstetrician. Hope this helps, if not, I only scanned it, as an idea. Good Luck  Hi Sorry here's the link. http://www.femalepatient.com/pdf/035020015.pdf  Hi I think your find that they are combatable to each other, but after sex have you tried putting a cushion under you behind, this may help the sperm to stay in the place you want it most. But keep your having sex to every third day, this way you should keep his sperm count up. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The general consensus is to stop while your pregnant. Do hope this helps. Good Luck    It takes significant trauma to the uterus to do any harm to a baby or the uterus itself. The baby is very well protected by the muscular wall of the uterus itself, amniotic fluid, and the abdominal wall of the mom. Typically if there is no vaginal bleeding or significant pain, the baby is okay. If she has started feeling the baby move, she can also make sure the baby has continued to move. Nonetheless, it is always best to let her doctor know immediately anytime there has been trauma to the abdomen.  I would go to your OB or get an RE I found out I wasn't ovulating either. They'll help you get on the right track! ..::Baby Dust::..  I would go visit your OB. Maybe you're not ovulating or your hormones are not balanced. I was still having periods but I was not ovulating. With help from my doctor giving me meds my husband and I got pregnant the very first cycle! Good Luck TTC! ..::Baby Dust::..  yes  NO, you can only get pregnant while your ovulating...  YES!! Any time you have sex there is a chance you could get pregnant! If you want to avoid getting pregnant, you need to use a form of birth control. Talk to your doctor about all the different options available. Pulling out is NEVER NEVER NEVER an effective method of birth control.  You should talk to your doctor about it to make sure there isn't an underlying medical condition. Some women do have very light periods, though. I used to work with a woman who never had more of a period than what you're describing and she had 3 kids.  Hi! I have three friends whom had meningitis at birth and they are all three just fine. I suffered years ago from social situation and nothing was wrong at my birth. I had to get on a antidepressant and that really help socially. The not being able to taste, I'm not sure about, I really don't think its social or neurological and I myself am a counselor LPC Radford va! Sounds more like a medical problem or possibly a psychological problem that you can overcome. I could not eat in social situation in college, I felt like vomiting but I did overcome this. Hope this helps and you are on your way to feeling better! God Bless!  My little girl was colicky as we'll and nothing helped but soy formula. It's not harmful at all yo your child. Your baby may have a sensitivity to milk based formulas. Colicky babies seem to do better on soy because it's seems to soothe there Stomachs and possibly a premature digestive system can cause flare ups of colic.  You can certainly consider having another infant. However, all the information in our literature would tell you not to consider having an attempt at a vaginal birth. You are at too high a risk to consider this. I think of myself as very progressive and will always consider a VBAC for patients but not someone like you. The issue for you becomes the more C/S you have the higher the risk of possible placental abnormalities. If the placenta lies over the cervix (called a placenta previa) with the number of C/S you have had, there could be a significant problem that could occur (called a placenta accreta). You should always discuss with your health care provider your concerns.  ... You probably can relax so you can plan your child. We do not know of any real fetal anomalies that occur because the male takes the medication. Remember the medication will only be on the sperm (if any) and it will not affect breast feeding or any other issue with the baby. Wellbutrin we use for mothers during and after pregnancy. The biggest issue you need to understand, if you have depression, we believe it may be passed to your child. It may be passed in a dominant fashion so 50% of your children may be affected by depression. Knowing this may help you identify the problem early so they can be seen and treated. ...  Stress is now considered a real issue in pregnancy. There is data suggesting an increased risk of poor pregnancy outcome in patients who are under a large amount of stress. This can include a higher risk of preterm labor and birth, babies who are growth restricted. The exact mechanism is not fully known but there are some possibilites of an increase in prostaglandin and cytokines that are released. These are substances involved with a higher risk of perterm labor. If there is any way to decrease the stress it is recommended. Yoga can be good, prayer, pregnancy massage, and nice bath. ...  ... Your fetus most likely has what is called pylectasis (fluid noted in the renal pelvis of the kidney). If this is what it is, most likely it is not all that significant. However, your physician is correct that it should be followed throughout pregnancy because if it increases in size (more then 10 mm) it changes from most likely being normal to half the time being normal and half needing further workup. We see this frequently in different fetuses. Most times it is normal. Did you have any testing such as nuchal translucency or Quad screen? This also helps in figuring out if there are any risks. ...  So, the best way to find out is to do the following: 1. Whenever they did the ultrasound, you should subtract 7 weeks and 4 days. This should give you the time when you ovulated. This will give you a very good idea when you conceived. You need to understand that ultrasound at that time is accurate up to one week. So the date you come up will be within one week of the actual date you conceived. ...  Maternal hormones can cause temporary breast development in babies, so new parents are often concerned about those little breast buds. If those breast buds are big or even leak breast milk, they will freak out. When Dads see their little boys with leaky breasts, they want to call 911. New parents, who have been adequately prepared for this "4th trimester," may know this is normal. These maternal hormones can also make the baby have a very stuffy nose. So, remember: babies with boobies often have stuffy noses (perhaps, just like their mothers). Just the way estrogen can cause tight jeans not to fit due to premenstrual water retention, the maternal estrogen can cause the same tissue engorgement in newborn and nursing babies. Pregnant women, especially those in the third trimester, often complain that they have a constant cold...or allergy, that is making them very congested and miserable. Those symptoms are made worse since they are unable to take most cold medicines. These symptoms may not be a cold either, but merely this flood of hormones. It is these same hormones that are transferred through the umbilical cord to the baby. Since estrogen is chemically bound to fat, and babies tend to have a lot of fat, those hormones can stick around for a few months.  Sure, why not. The baby has to eventually get those germs in order to jump-start his own immune system, so why not from a loving sibling? Germs are often the only thing that siblings openly share. I am not suggesting that you take the newborn to visit ill people or kids, but viral exposure is really inevitable -- expect it. If parents put kids in day-care at an early age, they will most likely be over-exposed to lots of viruses...from lots of different cohorts. In those babies, expect colds to come early and often.  The easy answer - none. Not only have cold medicines been found to be ineffective, they have the potential to make things worse. Over-dosages of potent decongestants, antihistamines, and cough medications were common, so the new recommendation is to withhold giving any medications to a child under the age of 6 years. Of course, cold symptoms can be treated with non-medicines. A stuffy, congested nose can be miserable. Parents can liquefy this mucous (medical term for snot) by saline nasal sprays or drops, maintaining adequate hydration, and by using a cool mist humidifier. Less-viscous snot is easier for the baby to naturally swallow than Velcro-like, sticky snot. (Gross, huh?)  Either one is fine, as long as you are careful. A cool mist humidifier does not need to be in close proximity to be effective - blown in their little faces to the point that moss is growing on their north sides. Humidifiers can also grow mold, so they need to be inspected and cleaned often. Steam vaporizers can burn curious little hands or feet sticking out of crib slats, so extra, extra caution should be exercised, so kids do not pull boiling water on themselves. And, just use water. Mentholated additives or aromatic oils may smell good to caring grandmothers, but they are not particularly helpful. They can even be harmful for babies with some respiratory complications reported.  Possibly. Children who get chicken pox at a very young age (a baby) or even get a vaccination before age one often do not maintain an immunity. And, many times, the early diagnosis of chicken pox was incorrect, in which case, you may get chicken pox in 2-3 weeks....or if you did have chicken pox in the past, you could get shingles.  No. Prednisone is not addictive, nor does it remain in the body for very long. In carefully prescribed doses when treating asthma, it would not hurt the baby.  Unfortunately, without the ability to SEE these spots first-hand by an examination, I would not have enough information to address your question. Babies can get MILIA, newborn acne, seborrheic dermatitis, and even, atopic dermatitis (eczema). You will need to address this concern with the pediatrician at your next well-child exam.  The topical vaginal yeast medications (creams, suppositories) are safe to use. Always check with your women's health provider just in case, if you have any doubts or concerns.  No...it is not high. This is a normal temperature. There are many different reasons for a fussy baby, so it is always best to check with her pediatrician. Many babies at this age will start to get colic symptoms (gassy, spitting up, fussy and crying in the evening, etc.)  Babies need to be on formula OR breast milk for ONE YEAR . After a year, as long as they get all of the calcium, phosphorous, and other nutrients that are in milk, and are eating a good, well-balanced diet, they do not really need it. Milk and milk products (yogurt, cheese, etc.) continues to be an excellent protein source and should not be abandoned unless there is a milk allergy or other medical reason to do so.  Absolutely not. There has never been a scientific association made between ovarian cancer and the use of perfumed talcum powder (baby powder).  Unless a star rose in the East, your little cousin is not telling the whole truth. If that "messing around" included any penetration or ejaculation, it was certainly sufficient to cause of a pregnancy. Unless she inserted a turkey basting device filled with sperm or secretly had in vitro, she is lying or certainly in serious denial. Ask her how else sperm may have made it into her vagina, up her Fallopian tubes, and greeted a waiting egg? Sperm does not walk across the carpet, swim up a leg, circumvent the underwear, and seek out an egg all by itself. Let her tell her story. You know it is a bunch of baloney, but now that she has a baby, it would be better to focus on this new little life, than that little lie.  Here is a straight answer. If you have a newborn that YOU diagnoses as having the "stomach flu", then go STRAIGHT to your pediatrician so your baby can be properly examined and treated -- things that cannot be done blindly over the Internet. Newbors do not usually get "stomach flu" so you would be wise not to rely on on-line information. The baby needs to be seen. WebMD is not the same as your doctor's answering service. We do not know anything about your baby (not even the age) nor can we diagnose or treat them. You may think that this sucks, but these are the reality of getting information/advice on-line  Yes, it is silly. An eclipse cannot hurt you or your unborn baby . You are completely safe, even without red underwear (do they even come in maternity sizes?) or a safety pin. I wouldn't recommend staring into the sun during a solar eclipse, however. I love to hear about these folk tales and their origins. I bet this one goes back a hundred years, perhaps started by a crafty clothing merchant trying to sell off some excess red underwear inventory.  The best way to get an uncontaminated urine specimen from a child is with urinary catherization. Getting accurate results from using a bag over the genital area is nearly impossible because of the colonization of enteric (colon bacteria) bacteria on the skin. Not clear if your child is a lttle boy or girl?  Bronchitis is not contagious but it is usually viral, and viruses are contagious. There are no viruses that just cause bronchitis. Basically any of the hundreds of cold viruses can cause it.  The father's drug habit is adversely affecting EVERYONE, including him. His drug use is not causing the colic or crying spells, so the baby should be examined by the pediatrician. Incidentally, colic -- if this is what is causing the crying -- improves at age three months, so there may be brighter days soon. The drug use is a more serious problem. It is difficult enough to care for a baby, but when one parent is impaired, it can be next to impossible. The three month old will most likely get better, but with drug use, it can only get worse; perhaps to the point where the baby no longer has a father.  Maybe it means what you want a baby....simple as that. I don't know anything about you or your circumstances, but I think it would be normal to have those feelings. If you need a "baby fix", try hanging out or babysitting for others who have babies, or volunteer at the hospital -- many will take volunteers to help in the children's ward or just rocking the newborns in the nursery. Or...you can go out and get pregnant (assuming (a) you are a female, and (b) you are ready and capable of starting a family. This is a BIG decision that should be not be taken lightly.  Not hormonal, but it could be just a psychological desire to have a family of your own. I agree that having a baby at 18 is premature, especially if you have not completed your education. You will have plenty of time for a family later....AFTER you have the "infrastructure", like a good, supportive husband who is working - a stable relationshio, a home to raise the baby, and a career that is compatible to spending quality time with a baby. Even little girls want babies...this is why they play with dolls, so your feelings are normal. A wise young woman will have the wisdom to wait.  No.....wait until AFTER your baby is born. You will have plenty of breast milk.  How did it happen? Depending on the strain of Staph (MRSA), it may have been hospital-acquired. There are also community-acquired strains, but based on your posting of multiple antibiotics and a rarely used one, I suspect that she had a hospital-acquired MRSA.  ANY powder can cause respiratory difficulties in children. This is why many pediatricians no longer recommend them. The recommended diaper treatments are ointments and lotions....not powders. If you do use it, be VERY CAREFUL not to cause a cloud of powder that you or your baby will inhale.  Unfortunately, yes. Shingles is caused by the herpes virus...the same virus that causes fever blisters/cold sores, chicken pox, and herpes stomatitis (a herpes infection inside the mouth). I do not know where you have the shingles, but if it is an area that is covered by clothing, this will help prevent the spread to your baby. You will need to keep your hands very, very clean. Please call your baby's pediatrician for more patient-specific advice.  Maybe she wants some "real food", like many of the things you are eating. Many babies reject processed baby food (Have you tasted it?), so try preparing some of your own, or start feeding her some safe foods from your plate. She doesn't need teeth for many of those things. Don't give her too many different foods at one time, remember that breast milk or formula is still very important, and follow her pediatrician's recommendation on when to start safe solids, but now may be the time. She watches what you eat, so this may be her way of saying, "How come if have to eat this stuff in a jar?" FYI: My daughter did the same thing!  I don't think they would like it due to the strong smell......they would likely sneeze, roll around on their backs, etc. If you are using for "stink control", there are other ways that you can address the D.O.  No real problem. Hamsters are considered a generally-safe pet to be around children (if there is such a thing), but they do bite and crawlers and toddlers like to stick their little, tender fingers in cages. I have treated many hamster bites; some pretty deep and painful for the surprised child. Hamsters tend to be noisy at night and parents need their rests.  You are correct. No one really knows of e-cigarettes are safe when you are pregnant. For some strange reason, pregnant women have not volunteered to find out if it will hurt the baby or not. My advice: No e-cigarettes. The baby doesn't need the nicotine and you don't need it either. You need to just STOP SMOKING. Period.  No, of course not. Fever is an individual response and not all infants or children get a fever after a vaccine.  No; and you have too much time on your hands to think about these things. Cross-species fertization of this type is impossible (with the exception of Pegasis)  Yes, that can be normal, especially if you are nursing your baby. If you don't plan on getting pregnant this soon after a delivery (it happens), I would remind you that contraception is important.  There is very little fiber in breast milk, so it is not uncommon for a breast fed baby to defecate several times a day (even as you feed them) or as infrequently as once a week. It takes about three months for babies to grow a healthy bacterial flora in their intestines, so gas pains are less common after three months, but babies can still clear a room at times with some smelly ones. There is not much you can do about this, expect blame it on your husband.  Absolutely NOT! Leave that foreskin alone and do not try to retract it. Not only will this be quite painful for the baby, it will cause tears in this sensitive tissue and make it prone to an infection. The foreskin is not retractable because of natural adhesions, so leave it be. It will naturally retract over time, but not in six months. It will more likely be six to eight YEARS or longer before this happens. I know that may be contrary to what was believed when you, as a grandmother, had a little boy. Most of the males on this planet are uncircumcised....just the way the Nature intended. An uncircumcised penis does not require any special care other than normal bathing (without pulling the foreskin back).  No...the baby has no where to hide.  If you still have ovaries, you will continue to ovulate until menopause, of course. Assuming your tubal ligation was done properly -- completely cut, a piece removed, and the ends separated -- there should be no way a rogue sperm can make it through (although it has happened, but rarely)  We do not recommend Vicks for the babies in our clinic, even though our parents used it on us and we survived. The ingredients in Vicks has the potential of making a cough worse due to an allergic or irritant response, so we don't endorse it. And, I have to say that Vicks on the feet will only make the feet a bit softer because of the petroleum jelly, but it will not cure a cold or calm a cough. Please don't tell your mother or grandmother that I told you this! A five month old is experiencing our germ-filled world for the first time on her own -- your maternal immunity will completely wear out by six months, even if you are breast-feeding. Because they are so darn cute at this age, people pick them up, touch them, and expose them, so their cuteness is their own fault. She is also teething and drooling, so this drainage is contributing to the cough when she is lying down. Coughing helps clear her airway and helps prevent the fluid from going in her lungs....so, it is really a good thing. Use a cool mist humidifier, suck out the nose (I know they hate it), and just hang in there. Colds last a week or two, but she will average 6-9 of these per year from now on....until she is about six. Each cold makes her a bit stronger, so think of these frequent viral episodes as free immunizations.  After nine months, the scars should be able to handle a pregnancy, but it would be good to run this by the surgeon who did the tummy tuck, and of course, the OB/GYN. I am sure things will be fine....  No.....  Babies are not automaticallly clones of their parents. Unless your baby emerges as a different race, there can be wide array of human variations from the parents. If you are unsure of the genetics of your baby, you can always have testing.....  I see no medical reason why a woman with one kidney cannot have children....  The transition from breast milk or formula to regular milk takes place around the age at age one year.  Yes, you can use an antifungal cream, but use it after you feed your baby. Wipe your nipples before you nurse. If you have yeast on your breasts, then you baby most likely has thrush. If the pediatrician prescribed a thrush medicine for the baby, like mycostatin oral suspension, you can use this on your nipple as well (and you don't have to wipe if off, before or after nursing).  Breast feed your baby. The chance of you or your baby getting Reye syndrome or having any consequences after one dose.... for the tiny amount of salicylates (aspirin) in the Pepto Bismol ....would be highly, highly unlikely. What is more important is that YOU stay well-hydrated and nourished until the virus has abated. If this is not possible, you can temporarily switch the baby to supplemental formulas or any stored breast milk until you are up to the mission again. Get better. You baby will be fine if you resume breast-feeding.  Not necessarily, but you can certainly call your doctor for patient-specific advice. Breast fed babies (I don't know what you are doing) can go many days without a bowel movement. There is not much fiber in breast milk. Formula may be no different. A baby can go 8 times a day, or once every 8 days....it does not mean they are constipated. Seasoned parents usually find this out; new parents (you?) may not have this experience. Constipation is hard, dry stools and it is very unlikely that this is what is going on. You are concerned, so just call your doctor for some advice.  Of course. Gerber is a well-respected company. There is also nothing wrong with learning to prepare your own nutritious meals for your children, based on table food.  No, unfortunately.  Eggs are produced in the ovaries, triggered by your hormones. So, yes, your intact ovaries may still be producing ova. You would have to discuss your intention to retrieve an egg for in vitro fertilization with a fertility specialist.  Your description is really not sufficient for me to even make a wild guess. I don't know your baby's age or the location of these lumps, and obviously, I have no way of feeling/examining them to give you a definitive answer. Any chance that they are related to the vaccine administrations (on the upper thigh area). Children often bleed a tiny bit under the skin from the injection. This area can form a tiny, innocent lump that can take a while to self-resolve.  You can use a pad (available in pharmacies) to protect your toe, or consider having your shoes custom fit (many shoe stores will do this now). Better yet, see a podiatrist and have your feet/toes x-rayed. A callous may indicate that you have a bone spur underneath or even a neuroma (painful). Rather than self-treat, it would be best to be properly evaluated by an expert.  Yes, it is safe, assuming that she does currently have an outbreak. Even if she does, as long as it is covered by clothing (like on her chest), it is fine. If her shingles is active on an exposed surface, like the face, she should not have direct contact with the baby or you.  It depends on what she considers a "partial" hysterectomy. If she still has one ovary and a uterus, she is capable of conceiving, but is she does not have a uterus, the chance of a pregnancy is zero. Based on the detail of this story, I would seriously doubt its validity.  Drug addicts lie. If the baby tested positive, the mother has used cocaine very recently.  You can really eat what you want, but over-eating or eating special foods will not necessarily increase the size of your twins. Just eat well....a good balanced diet. Twins can be tiny, but that does not mean they are unhealthy. Trust your OB and I am sure you will be blessed soon.....doubly blessed!  I understand that your living arrangements are not optimum, but personally, I would not want to sleep in a room with a kitty litter box. Cats and their feces can carry a lot of bacteria to your new baby. Because they are very curious, they will be walking and contaminating surfaces used by the baby, and even jumping in the crib. I know you love your cats, but you have a bigger commitment to your newborn. Perhaps you can find a temporary home for your cats until your apartment is ready, or ask you Dad to bend his litter box rule a bit until you move. Cats and babies can co-exist but both will require VERY careful supervision, and babies do come FIRST.  Not enough information......knowing the of those medications was supposed to be taking during her pregnancy would be a helpful.  Babies, assuming they are not born too early or late, have a gestation of 280 days, so you will need to do some backward counting. Remember that a due date is just a guesstimate based on the last normal menstrual period, so these dates can be notoriously wrong, too. Finding the exact day of conception is usually very difficult if not impossible unless the pregnant woman knows some specific facts that could better pinpoint the magic moment.  Well, obviously, you completely stop smoking weed or hanging out with people who do. There are no magic, weed detoxification methods. The residuals should clear in about a month after you completely stop. No drinking alcohol, cigarettes, or other drugs either. This baby is dependent on YOU, starting at the moment of conception and for the rest of his/her life. You are going to be a mother....you life will change (or need to change) forever .  No....that is not a definitive sign. Although a single transverse crease does appear with Down Syndrome, it is not the only sign of this genetic disorder, nor does it mean that you are prone to have a child with Down Syndrome.  I am not a big fan of juice for babies (unless they are having problems with true constipation). When they start eating solids well, you can give a little "pure" juice (not sugar-water, flavored)....fruit is better after about age six months. Most of the time, they do not need more water than what they are getting in breast milk or formula. If is hot outside, it's okay to give a little water...it won't hurt them, but you don't want them to fill up their little tummies with water to the point where they won't take nourishment.  No. They have no air in their unborn, little colons. However, as soon as they are born, they will fart like a teenager eating bake beans.  This will not harm your baby, so don't worry.  Not all people are "sexperts", so I consider all questions to be valid. There are no dumb questions....just unanswered questions, and if you can't ask your most basic or intimate questions to a medical provider for a straight and serious answer, who can you ask? If you thing on-line questions about sex are amusing, you should spend a day with me in an Adolescent Health clinic. Feel free to answer some of the basic sex questions if you know the answer, but be nice. You were young and uninformed at some point in your life as well.  No, the flu vaccine will not cause permanent (or any) behavioral changes, but the age is significant. At age 14-15 months is really the beginning of a period often termed as the "Terrible Twos". It starts in the child's second year (like now), not the second birthday. Some of my most challenging examinations are in children of this age. This is a period that can be hallmarked by interesting tantrums, misbehavior, stranger anxiety (even with people they know),and assertion of their independence. A very challenging time, so take a deep breath....be patient, but consistent with your discipline. It will all be over in a year or so.  Allergy to milk products would not cause a high fever, but you can ask for a MILK IGA -- a blood test to look from milk allergies. Many people have lactose intolerance, but this is not considered a true allergy.  There are no real advantages or disadvantages....it is just a less-common blood type.  What you are doing is not a baby dance, but more of a baby lottery. While it may be considered safe to have sex without any form or contraception at the end of your menstrual cycle, please keep in mind that sperm has this annoying habit of remaining viable for days in your genital tract. If you ovulate early, you may have some rogue sperm hanging around and anxious to find an egg. If you do not want an unintentional pregnancy, you will need to take viable steps to prevent it....not play the lottery. I have no idea if this act will result in a pregnancy, so you will need to sweat it out and wait. Do a pregnancy test if you are having any signs of pregnancy or miss your next period.  There are many unusual suggestions out there that claims to enhance chances for you to have the sex of your choice , but in the end, it is basically a coin toss. You will either have a girl or boy (or both) and there is very little that can be done to guarantee the results. Some people claim certain sexual positions, diet, timing of your cycle, etc. will make a difference. You are free to try them, knowing that it is still a 50/50 chance. Statistically, the more babies you have, the greater the chance of getting one of them to be a boy. I have a friend who has tried multiple times to have a daughter. Her last attempt resulted in triplet boys!  You can't do the "math" unless you have all of the numbers in the equation. I do not know anything about the medical history of either person. It will depend on the medical status of the 48 year old (man or woman?) and the 52 year old (man or woman?), so I would suggest that you visit your respected medical providers for a consultation. Conceiving at a later age is not something you should consider unless you have all of the facts.  Baby formula water? I can't say that any of my little patients are using special water to mix the formula. I see nothing wrong with mixing the formula with any bottled water. Just buy a gallon of purified drinking water, leave it at room temperature, and use that....or use your water cooler water to fill up a jug so it gets to room temperature before you give it to the baby. I don't think they would appreciate ice water! I don't know the quality of your city water (some cities have excellent water).  You cannot carry a tubal pregnancy to term, and while there have been cases where a blotched tubal ligation resulted in a subsequent pregnancy, there are very, very rare. After a tubal ligation, you are most likely permanently sterile. Your tender breasts are likely to be cause by other reasons, so please see your medical provider or gynecologist for a proper examination.  Most children born with Mongolian Spots will not have them at all by age two. Only about 5% will have evidence of these common pediatric "birth marks" as an adult. Mongolian spots are harmless and have no medical significance. There are no specific treatments.  A two month old should NOT be in a walker. That is ridiculous.  The same way you make mashed potatoes for anyone (minus the big lumps, of course). Instant mashed potatoes are just fine...and easier. Don't over salt...over season. If you want to use real potatoes, cook them well and mash or food-process them to get out any lumps that may be problematic (I don't know your baby's age).  She should address this issue with her OB; someone who knows her case and someone that can examine her today.  Yes, a baby of three months of age with a fever/cough should be carefully examined...either at the ER, or by his pediatrician.  Babies and toddlers cannot hock a loogie.....they can cough to the point of vomiting and that will bring it up, or they can naturally swallow it. While children are not big fans of having their nose suctioned, doing so will reduce their cough. You can use a bulb syringe or buy a new little device called the Snotarator (look it up on the Internet). Expectorants or decongestants should not be used by babies, so basically there are medicines. Use saline nasal spray or drops to reduce the viscosity (make mucous thinner) and run a cool-mist humidifer in the room. This is the best you can do, since some of the coughing is from accidentally aspirating their own saliva (teething), and there is nothing you can do about drooling either.  Your baby either has a cold (viral infection) or is teething....or BOTH. Babies often have a difficult time dealing with drainage, either saliva or mucous, when they are lying flat, so a cough is important to clear their airway. Coughing can certainly be a sign of something more serious (bronchiolitis, RSV, pneumonia, etc.) because your baby is immunocompromised due to age, so it would be best to have a medical provider listen to those little lungs. There is very little you can do at this age to control a cough, but you can make it easier for them to swallow excess mucous by using a cool mist humidifier in the room, and sucking out nasal mucous using a special bulb syringe. A drop of saline in each nostril just prior to aspirating it, will help loosen any thick mucous.  Maybe....there is a rare medical condition called Maple Syrup Urine Disease http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maple_syrup_urine_disease You may want to check this out and inform her pediatrician.  No. Cornstarch has been used to help control moisture....and moisture can predispose a baby to yeast, but the best treatment for a diaper yeast infection would be a cream or ointment that is specifically for yeast (Micatin, Lotrimin, Monistat, etc.).  He has to have a semen analysis...ordered by his medical provider.  Working in pediatrics for the last 14 years....I don't recommend it. It would be safer to just use warm pajamas on those cold nights.  Bronchitis is not contagious, so your baby is safe. Please keep breast-feeding....you cannot transmit a respiratory infection through breast milk. Babies do get colds and viral infections, but a three-month old, breast fed baby is still well-protected by maternal immunity.  I don't know how long this person has been trying to conceive, but if it has been a year or more of unprotected intercourse, attempting to become pregnant, it is time for her and her partner to seek the help of a fertility specialist. There are dozens of reasons for a couple's failure to conceive. Size and height may not be playing an important role, but general nutrition can be. If she is not eating properly, or losing weight, this can certainly affect fertility.  It is not bad for your hair or scalp....just odd. If your hair is greasy or dirty, it would be better just to allow the time to wash it properly so you don't smell like Baby Powder.  A steam vaporizer with plain water is fine as long as you keep quite a distance away from the baby, and if your baby is crawling.....make sure the electrical cord cannot be pulled and this boiling water lands on him. I am a big fan of cool mist humidifiers. They are safer. And, finally, there are studies that show that Vicks in steam vaporizers can have adverse effects on sensitive, baby lungs. Even though our parents used tons of Vicks on us, and we survived, does not mean it is the best treatment now. Just use plain water in a cool mist humidifier and you will get the same beneficial effects, without the potential of side-effects.  I don't believe there would be any contraindication to getting a pertussis vaccine as an adult, but run it by your medical provider -- someone who knows you and your complete medical history.  No...I think the baby will be absolutely thrilled that you have stopped smoking.  Babies don't really need water if they are nursing or taking formula. There is plenty of water in both. They definitely don't need sugar to make water more pallatiable. It really won't hurt to give a little water, but nix the sugar. All they really need is formula or breast milk....  I am sorry...but you will need to do your own . I am sure you will be able to find the answer.  Instead of what? A baby under age one should be on formula or human breast milk, but after age one, they can drink cow's milk, goat milk, yak milk, etc. as part of their diet. If the child is being offered goat's milk that has not been pasteurized, care should be taken to avoid any milk-borne pathogens.  Some grandmothers and old midwives think so, but the presence of morning sickness or not does not really predict gender. Gender is still about a 50/50 coin-toss, puking or not.  Just wait...and sweat it out a few more days. While the chance of an unintended pregnancy is not very high, you do seem to be aware that the leakage of semen may contain viable, baby-causing sperm....something you are trying to prevent. The birth control pill is highly effective. Adding the condom makes it even more effective. I suspect your girlfriend will have a normal period and not be pregnant, but try and be very, very careful. Remember that the only 100% way of preventing pregnancy is abstinence -- not having sex at all.  Maybe, but you will need to address this problem with your baby's pediatrician -- someone who knows her and her medical history. This issue is always a challenge for parents traveling with babies. Some have used Benadryl, but I am not a big fan of doing this since this medication, which will make adults sleepy, can result in a paradoxical effect in children....in other words, it could cause her to be stimulated like you gave her coffee! You do not want a wild and stimulated baby on a nine hour flight. Talk to the pediatrician.  You can adopt a child or take in a foster child that needs a new home. You can have those ligated tubes reattached - an expensive procedure not covered by insurance that doesn't always work. You can also have have a fertilized egg implanted but that, too, is not a guarantee. A friend of mine had triplets with in vetro trying to have "one more", so be careful!  Ten months gestation? Unlikely. That would be pushing the post-term babies a bit longer than the average nine months.  Everybody needs water, but if you are having fluid loss from breast-feeding, you need more.  No...it will not.  Formula or breast milk in sufficient amounts will make a baby gain weight. It is okay to add some rice cereal and other solids starting at age six months or so, but not in large amounts.  I don't think there are any particular benefits from drinking coffee before a work-out, or any particular hazards. People process caffeine differently, so I think you should do what you want. If you are having any issues that you attribute to your coffee ingestion, just change your routine or timing of your coffee.  The baby is not likely to get the proper nutrition that would be supplied by the same volume of formula or breast milk. I am not a big fan of thickening formula with cereral. After a baby is six months old, they can have cereal, but it is bettter to feed them with a little spoon so that they learn how to eat (they already no how to suck).  There may be nothing that you or her mother can do. She is 19 years old and definitely emancipated with five babies. While we may all agree that having more babies are not in her best interest, there is really no one who could legally force her to get sterilized or to use birth control. She can be counseled about birth control -- suggesting a good, reliable contraception that she does not have to think about -- such as an IUD or implant, but in the end, the choice is still left up to her.  No, a miscarriage is a LOST pregnancy. The developing fetus, usually in a very early stage of development, has died for some reason and has been expelled by the body.  Absolutely. And, the reverse it also true: a breast-fed baby with thrush can transmit this yeast to his Mom's nipples. This is an easy-fix. Call the baby's pediatrican for advice and some prescription help.  Yes. You can hold, hug, and kiss them, too. The TB test does not put the baby (or you) at any risk.  Your other testicle is likely fine, so there is a very good chance that you are capable of fathering a child. The only way to prove fertility is to have a sperm count, however. The undescended testicle really should be removed, or relocated back in your scrotum where it belongs. See a urologist and get this fixed. This should have been done a long time ago.  No...she can suck her thumb. Hand, foot, and mouth disease can affect those three parts equally (and even the diaper area), so sucking her thumb will not spead the infection or make it worse.  Just do it. The choice of medical provider is your right, and you should be able to see the doctor of your choice. You don't need to give them a reason or a lengthy explanation, just orchestrate the change by asking, and make your next appointment with the new doctor. Don't worry. People do this all of the time, and you will not hurt your old doctor's feelings. They are usually very busy and do not really care if one of their patients jump ship. The most important thing is for you to find a medical provider that you like...one that will listen...one who is competent and responsive.... and one who cares.  There is nothing you can do to increase the height of your 2 year old. Height is genetically determined, so unless your child is unusually short and needs the services of an pediatric endocrinologist for human growth hormone (not something given to two year olds anyway), your child will be the height that nature determined at the moment of conception. Talk to his/her pediatrician.  No...this is NOT an emergency. Thrush will not cause any harm to your baby, so you can safely wait until Monday to have a prescription called in. Many pediatricians do not even choose to treat it.  It is probably safe, since it can be used on fingernails (which children often bite and chew). Babies will do the same for their toes, so I don't know if your baby does this or not. The paint is non-toxic, but I think it would be a stretch to call this "healthy". The nail paint will not damage the nails or absorb into the body.  Pregnancy is really about numbers: one of your wife's eggs available for fertilization (at the time of ovulation), and a few hundred million of your sperm waiting around for that egg to emerge. The odd are really in favor of fertilization in most cases. Having sex everyday is just fine. You don't really have to wait and store up a volume of semen (the bulk of an ejaculation is not sperm, but semen from the prostate gland). The more sperm that is ready and waiting, the better. The color or consistency is not something you should worry about. The semen really needs to be where you can't see it, if you know what I mean. Assuming everything is in order, the frequency that you have sex, the volume of your semen, will not be a major factor in achieving a successful pregnancy, but you do have to have sex, so get off of the computer and go for it.  Obviously, you can wait until the baby is born and see if there is a penis. Many mothers prefer to wait and be surprised and tell the sonogram technician not to reveal the sex. For friends and relatives, not knowing is a problem for buying gifts, baby showers, etc., but the parents right to know when they want to know is more important.  That is really a decision that only you and your wife can make, after discussing this with her OB and the medical clinician that is treating her depression. In most cases, people can begin trying to get pregnant quite soon after a miscarriage, but since I do not know any of the details of your wife's case, this is not something that we should try and blindly determine on-line.  I don't think that cow manure is going to be harmful to your unborn baby, otherwise there would be plenty of farmer's wives out there who stay in the house for nine months. As long as the barn area is well-ventilated, you should not have an issue, but be sure to discuss this with your OB.  Not really, but there are safe medications (simethicone) that you can give the baby. Simethicone is not metabolized in the body...it just helps reduce the gas pains. I don't know that age of your baby, but gas improves around age 3 months.  The heart and soul may desperately want a baby, but the body may not comply. At the mature age of 57 and the fact that you have one kidney (I don't know the reason or know anything about your medical history), it would be in your best interest to have a serious talk with your OB/GYN.  Yes, these little are normal and they can even leak a drop of breast milk! You and your child shared a blood supply and your blood had high levels of a hormone that prepared you for breast-feeding. Those same hormones are in your daughter's blood supply right now, but it will soon dissipate. Then, you will not see those breasts again until she make her own hormones.  It is possible to pass HPV to a newborn, but not through breast milk. Active, untreated HPV can be passed to a baby during a vaginal birth. While uncommon in the US, HPV can cause laryngeal lesions (voice box) in the baby.  I would not treat a 12 month old baby with medically-diagnosed asthma with ANY oregano. This baby needs to be under the proper MEDICAL treatment for asthma, not herbs or Italian spices..  As you know, I can't see this rash over the Internet, but newborns can get several types of skin eruptions.....atopic dermatitis (eczema), milia, "newborn acne" (from the mother's maternal hormones) and moisture/heat related skin eruptions.....just to name a few.  It is highly, highly unlikely that you could become pregnant after a tubal ligation, especially if you are using condoms as well.  That depends on several things....the AGE of the baby, the TYPE of virus, and the baby's immune response. In most causes of simple cold-like viruses, a child may have a fever response for the first three or four days.  Ether is no longer used in the United States for anesthesia.  If you are having sex and not using any form of birth control, you definitely could be pregnant. You can do a home pregnancy test or have your medical provider order a more sensitive blood pregnancy test, as well as an examination.  If you do, indeed, have an urinary tract infection, it needs to be properly treated. See a medical provider, have a urinanalysis and culture, and there are safe antibiotics that can be used. In the meantime, drink plenty of water/fluids. Any infection that progresses has the potential of causing issues with your pregancy or baby, so it would be best to get this taken care of. Why did you wait so long?  An eight month old baby needs a proper, balanced diet and should still be on formula or breast milk as part of their daily intake. Of all the foods a baby should eat, dark chocolate (or any chocolate for that matter) isn't one of them. There is plenty of time when the child is much older to introduce a little bit of chocolate, for pleasure...not nutrition.  Some breast milk -- loaded with immunoglobulins -- is better than none at all. If your baby is under six months of age, even some feeding using breast milk can be very helpful. Ideally, if a baby gets breast milk in the first YEAR of life, they tend to do better. Besides, breast milk is less expensive than formula.  You increase your breast milk supply by allowing your baby to nurse for a longer period of time on each breast. This nipple stimulation increases your milk supply.  Unfortunately, humans cannot absorb water through the skin, so it is back to the shaved ice again, sucking on popsicles, or just taking tiny sips through a juice box straw. Hopefully, his doctor gave him something for pain....a little Tylenol with codeine eliier will help him a great deal, but you will need to get someone to call in a prescription for him. If his throat hurts less, he will be more likely to drink. Signs of dehydration include a lack of tears, a dry mouth, and a reduction in his urine output.  <!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <w:WordDocument> <w:View>Normal</w:View> <w:Zoom>0</w:Zoom> <w:PunctuationKerning></w:PunctuationKerning> <w:ValidateAgainstSchemas></w:ValidateAgainstSchemas> <w:SaveIfXMLInvalid>false</w:SaveIfXMLInvalid> <w:IgnoreMixedContent>false</w:IgnoreMixedContent> <w:AlwaysShowPlaceholderText>false</w:AlwaysShowPlaceholderText> <w:Compatibility> <w:BreakWrappedTables></w:BreakWrappedTables> <w:SnapToGridInCell></w:SnapToGridInCell> <w:WrapTextWithPunct></w:WrapTextWithPunct> <w:UseAsianBreakRules></w:UseAsianBreakRules> <w:DontGrowAutofit></w:DontGrowAutofit> </w:Compatibility> <w:BrowserLevel>MicrosoftInternetExplorer4</w:BrowserLevel> </w:WordDocument> </xml><![endif]--> Hopefully, you have started the anti-yeast creams (Monistat, Lotrimin, Micatin, etc., or a store-brand generic) by now. This will manage the yeast in a few days, but you will still have inflammation. A "trick" that I use for my little patients is to mix the yeast medication with an equal amount of hydrocortisone cream to help the redness and inflammation. Put in on the diaper area at least 3-4 times per day. Once this medication is rubbed in, put a barrier cream or ointment over the top -- something like plain 'ol vaseline. Air-out the diaper area as much as you can. After a bowel movement, you may need to put the in the bathtub or shower to make sure you get off all of the stool residual (this can burn the skin. Bad diaper rashes can also predispose the child to a secondary bacterial infection, so if the skin is breaking down or bleeding, you will need to contact her medical provider to see if an oral antibiotic would be appropriate. <!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <w:LatentStyles DefLockedState="false" LatentStyleCount="156"> </w:LatentStyles> </xml><![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]-->  Yes...babies can get "ringworm" -- a common fungal infection. There are many over-the-counter antifungal creams that are safe for babies. Your pediatrician and/or pharmacist can help you select one to use. If you are making a self-diagnosis...be careful. There are many other skin lesions that can mimic the appearance of ringworm (tinea corporis). When it doubt, see a medical professional.  No, as long are your baby is growing and gaining weight, seedy poop is not considered to be medically relevant. Both breast and formula-fed babies can have FLS (Funny Looking Stool). Since I don't know the age of your baby, it is very difficult to be more specific.  If the Z-pack was specifically prescribed for YOU for a diagnosed bacterial infection, then yes. Azithromycin can be given to a six month old, so it is safe to use when you are breastfeeding.  No. These are fine to eat. They taste pretty-good, too.  No, this extra vaccine will not cause harm to you or the baby, so don't worry. We often give those ten-year vaccines earlier.  Abnormal cravings are not unusual in pregnancy, but a craving for chalk could mean that you have a condition called PICA; a condition where people want to eat things not usually a part of a human diet. This may include plaster, clay, dirt, or other substances. Chalk is primarily calcium and may not be harmful per se, but we really don't know for sure, or that this would be safe in pregnancy. For some reason, pregnant women do not want to be a part of any study that could cause possible harm to their unborn child, so the data is nil on this practice. It would be best . While it may be hard to prove harm, it is really not worth the risk to you and your baby to just try it. Here is one of several interesting articles on the subject: http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=osteoporosis-calcium-taste-chalk  It would not be possible to diagnose anyone based solely on a photo, nor could your little girl be properly treated over the Internet. You will need to SEE a medical provider so this can happen. If this is an infection, she may need an antibiotic, have the infection tested (for the type of pathogen), or may need to have this "bump" surgically opened. She is only a year old, so infection can become more serious relatively quickly, so do not delay getting her the proper care.  Sure, they can eat it, but should they? Probably when you were young, your mother gave cereal at an early age, but now we like to keep babies on formula or breast milk until age six months. Breast milk and formula does clear the stomach quickly, so it is not unusual for children to act hungry in 2-3 hours again. Of course, your baby doesn't make it that long. She is a big girl, however, and as a rule of thumb, babies should double their birth weight by age six months. I don't know what she weighed at birth, but I suspect she is close to doing it already. I would suggest that you get the "okay" from your baby's pediatrician before doing so.  As soon as you can be 100% sure of gender is when they are born. Before that, you do have to rely on the skill and experience of the ultrasound technician. Six weeks is a little early to offer a definitive answer (we used to affectionately call this "Weiner Hunting"), so be patient......your baby will either be a boy or a girl. There is nothing you can do to change it now.  Will sunburned legs hurt the baby? No. What can you do? How about using some sunscreen next time so you will not have to deal with unnecessary pain. Right now, you can just use cool/cold compresses. The temporary pain you are experiencing is to remind you not to let this happen ever again! When you have your baby, you will need to carefully protect him or her from the burning rays of the sun, too.  Your baby may have reflux, so it would be best for his pediatrician to provide some medication for him. He may likely have reflux if you use the cereal mixed with his formula (this is an old treatment for spitting up, but we have better ways now). If he is hungry and not holding down his formula long enough for it to be absorbed and utilized, this is a critical problem that needs proper management. Babies of this age need proper nourishment from formula or breast milk and cereal offers very little. As a matter of fact, cereal will fill him up to the point where he will eat less of the beneficial formula. At age 3 months or so (getting close!), babies tend to spit up less and tolerate feedings better, but you should not wait. There are plenty of medications that can help him hold down his food.  Little "eye boogers" are just fine....this is just thickened tears. Many babies have narrow nasolacrimal ducts -- the tiny drainage ducts from the corner of the eyes to the nose. If the tears can't drain down the ducts for whatever reason, they will accumulate in the mornings or after naps. Most (not all) tear drainage ducts will open up fully after about a year old. If the conjunctiva is red or irriated then a mild infection could also do this.  I don't know....I don't know that age of the baby or what the baby is eating (breast milk? Formula? Solids?) ! And, I am sure you meant "bowel" movement.  A partial hysterectomy is usually the removal of the uterus; leaving the ovaries in place. Once removed, the uterus cannot be restored...it is gone. There is no medical procedure that would cause you to have a menstrual cycle again or allow you have a baby. I am very sorry. You are still a woman, the same way a woman is still a woman after menapause. A vasectomy is the cutting of the epididymis in a man, but if the man had the testicles surgically removed, he would not be able to have the procedure reversed. It would be permanent.  Just about all one month olds have fussy periods so don't read too much in to it.... Thrush is not that painful. As long as she is nursing or taking a bottle, it should be fine. Either amount is fine on the nystatin...I give my patients one ml on each side of their mouth about four times a day (the medication is very safe). It should not upset her tummy, but she could have an upset tummy from a bit of colic. It is okay to give Tylenol (at the proper dosage for her weight) if you think she needs it.  How OLD is your baby? Most pediatricians do not want solids until the baby is about 6 months old. Breast milk and/or formula is all the baby needs until age six months.  Your question is an important one for women with epilepsy who wish to have a family. There is little scientific information on this subject, and most of what we know if based on clinical experience of doctors taking care of women with epilepsy. The bottom line is that most physicians with expertise in managing epilepsy encourage their patients to breastfeed, even if they are taking anti-seizure medicine. The baby has developed for nine months in the presence of the anti-seizure medicine and as such for the baby to continue to be exposed to it after delivery usually does not create problems. I am unaware of any descriptions of problems with breastfeeding while on Trileptal (oxcarbazepine). If blood levels are done in mom and her baby while breastfeeding, the baby's level will be around half of the mother's. So the baby is definitely getting some of the drug, but it usually does not create problems as best we [can] tell. So if breastfeeding is important to you (as it is for most women), most experts in the field would encourage you to breastfeed.  Considering that my father was born at about six months along, the baby would be quite recognizable and of a reasonable size. It would be around six inches long, maybe a little more, and probably wouldn't go down the pipes very well. At that point the fetus is starting to suck his or her thumb, kicking, stretching and making other movements. It would be a very recognizable looking baby and if you miscarry at that point you should really see a doctor, because you may have a serious medical problem with your own body as well.  I would imagine so, if the brain were developed enough to process it. It would depend a lot on age and how old the fetus was.  well now that you are pregnant i would suggest that you go ahead and stop drinking the redline. if you stop early enough i doubt there would be any damage done but i would not continue to drink it while being pregnant... also if you plan to breast feed just remember that what ever you intake into your body your baby will get it as well through the milk...  The risk of strangulation from an umbilical hernia is quite small, and these often (not always) improve with time. If your baby's pediatrician is comfortable with a watch-and-wait plan, that's the most reasonable way to go. ...  This method works best with young babies, ideally less than a year old. These tricks alone probably wont work in older kids without some modifications. You can start these sleep-training ideas at any time. If getting a solid nights sleep is a priority, the younger you start training, the better. First: Baby has to get enough calories during the day. Nurse frequently (at least every 2-3 hours by day), and start solid complementary foods at 4-6 months (earlier is not better). As babies get to 3-4 months of age, they will be able to go longer between day feedings. Dont let them stretch out the day feeds until the night is one solid block of sleep. Second: You must back off on reacting to every little noise babies make as they sleep. You will stir a bit, baby will fuss a bit, and youre both wide awake. Thats a habit that needs to stop. As soon as you feel comfortable, move your baby to his or her own room so you dont keep waking each other up. If baby wakes and makes a little noise, dont rush in immediately. Take your time. At least sometimes, Baby will put herself back to sleep without your going to see her. Give her a chance to soothe herself before rushing to tend to her. Third (and this is the hardest part for many families): Baby must learn to fall asleep all alone. If youre holding, rocking, or feeding a baby while he falls asleep and then sneak away, the baby  guaranteed  will wake up again later that night and need you to come back. Good rules of thumb: By two months of age, you should sometimes be putting your baby down when awake; By four months of age, you should usually be putting your baby down awake; By six months of age: always put your baby down while awake. Some babies will make this easy, essentially sleep training themselves. Other babies will fight sleep and make this a more difficult transition. Exactly when to sleep train is a personal decision, depending on the parents plans and priorities.  Cord blood is the blood thats left in the umbilical cord and placenta after birth. It can be rich in stem cells  cells that have the potential to develop into many different body tissues. In an emerging field of research and therapeutics, cord blood has been used successfully to treat a number of diseases, including cancer, diabetes, metabolic disorders, and rare genetic syndromes. and agencies are organizing public banks, similar to blood banks, for families to donate the cord blood at no cost so that everyone in need can find cord blood that matches. Competing with these public banks are private companies trying to convince parents to pay thousands of dollars to bank the cord blood only for themselves. Their web sites often contain misinformation, half-truths, and marketing pressure thats designed not to help your familys health, but to get the money out of your familys wallet. What you wont hear from the private banks: It is very unlikely that your privately banked cord blood will ever be used by anyone. Even if your baby ends up needing a cord blood transplant, hell may well need someone elses cord blood  not his own. Even if by some remarkable chance your baby needs his own cord blood, many of the collected samples are not suitable for use. No tests will be done to determine if the cord blood collected is usable until the blood is retrieved. You may have paid thousands up front plus a substantial year fee to store, well, nothing at all.  Babies who were breast-fed until at least four months of age had fewer behavioral problems reported by their parents at five years of life. Thats the conclusion of a July, 2011 study published in Archives of Diseases of Childhood . Investigators reviewed data from about 9500 babies, born at term. At nine months of age, their parents completed a survey about feeding practices. Then, when the children grew to 5 years of age, a questionnaire was completed to find out which children had behavior problems (as judged by their parents.) Babies whose parents recalled nursing for at least four months were about a third less likely to have conduct or emotional problems. The study gives us yet another good reason to encourage nursing, but it also illustrates some interesting limitations of these sorts of looking backward, or retrospective studies. We dont know, actually, if the nursing caused the protection against behavior problems  perhaps there was some other factor at play. For instance, perhaps babies who were fussy and demanding were less likely to be successfully nursed, and those babies went on to be more likely to have behavior problems when they were older. In that case, though the lack of nursing and later problems are correlated, theyre not causal. Also, we dont have any way to separate the chemical or nutritional aspects of nursing with the attachment and process of nursing. Is it the milk itself, or the way the babies were held to nurse, or other differences in the way nursing and bottle-feeding mothers respond to their babies needs? Though we dont know exactly how nursing could help prevent behavior problems based on this study, it does seem to be another potential benefit to add to the overwhelming evidence that for almost all babies, breast is best.  The nutritional content of formulas is measured after pasteurization and processing, and is very tightly monitored in the US. There is no difference between the ready-to-feed and powdered varieties in terms of calories or nutrients -- with the single exception of fluoride, which is not added to ready-to-feed but is probably in the water you're using to mix the powder. Ready-to-feed formulas do have a sort of "thicker" consistency, but there is no difference in the food quality or calorie content. Raw milk is a fad that should be abandoned. There are no health benefits, and some risks are involved. ...  ...As long as you're on municipal water there is no need to boil it. The powder doesn't mix well in ice-cold water -- lukewarm tap water works best. Remember, tap water is what heart surgeons wash their hands in. It's very close to sterile, and much more stringently controlled and monitored-- by law-- than bottled water. Don't waste your money and don't contribute to growing landfills by buying bottled water, except for maybe those times when you need a bottle to travel (even then, refillable bottles are cheap and work just as well!).  I don't see why not. If you are able to track your ovulation dates, it would be a good idea to try to conceive then. Personally, I would give myself at least a month to cleanse my body of the birth control hormones. However, you may conceive on the first try!  It may be normal for you, however, doctors have several medications now that will get you regulated. My daughter's doc put her on birth control pills to regulate hers.  To help ease the pain untill next month use orajel on the tooth or if you prefer natural use clove oil which contains properties that will help ease the pain.    The answer really needs to be individual. You need to decide from a personal point of view, from a social point of view and a religious point of view what is best for your child. I used to say that if the fathers circumcised from an identity point of view its always good for the son to be, because when he looks in the shower looking up at dad, its nice that part A matches part A, they bond that way. But the truth is theres not any absolute clear, reason to have to have it. Yes, better hygiene. Yes, its easier to maintain with cleanliness, the risk for penile cancer is lower in circumcised men but thats extremely rare in this country. If you maintain normal hygiene, penile cancer is unheard of. So the benefits are really more social, we do know there are some studies that its rarer to contract HIV and other illness because the circumcised penis, the skin becomes a little bit thicker, so its a little less likely to be something during sex, less chance for infections. The uncircumcised penis again has more risks as far as scarring as you get older, where it scars down or you have to have a circumcision or other technique to open it, and also concerns over hygiene. But realistically in this day and age if the boy is clean, theres no biological need to have it, its really more of a personal or religious social.  The simple answer is probably yes. The premature loss of a baby tooth can damage other teeth, alter the eruption patterns of the other teeth, and dramatically change any orthodontic intervention. So see the dentist and follow their recommendations.  The sooner the better! At birth, start cleaning your childs gums with a soft infant toothbrush, or a cloth and water. As soon as the teeth begin to appear, start brushing twice daily, using fluoridated toothpaste and a soft, age-appropriate sized toothbrush. Use only a small smear of toothpaste to brush the teeth of a child less than 2 years old. For the 2-5-year-olds, dispense a pea-sized amount of toothpaste and perform or assist your childs tooth brushing. Remember that young children do not have the ability to brush their teeth effectively.  Not necessarily. Frequently, when thumb-sucking stops, any teeth that have shifted will go back nto their proper place. I would see the pediatric dentist for an evaluation and for help with stopping the habit.  If they are loose, you can wiggle them until they come out. But the best answer is to take her to your dentist for an evaluation. If the adult eye teeth are not erupting properly the dentist may recommend treatment that could help to avoid problems later in life.  The best thing you can do is continue breastfeeding while you are sick. The advantage to breastfeeding is that your antibodies will pass on to your baby through your breast milk, boosting your baby's immune system. Also to tell you that Bronchitis is not a commutable disease.  The best thing you can do is continue breastfeeding while you are sick. The advantage to breastfeeding is that your antibodies will pass on to your baby through your breast milk, boosting your baby's immune system. Also to tell you that Bronchitis is not a commutable disease.For more information you can visit Pharmacysell.  Smoking in any way or of any form is beneficial for any one born or not born. So if any one is saying this is not making any sense at all. It is true that quitting at a sudden will sat you on mood swing or uneasiness or carving for smoking. There are many other ways by which you can lower your withdrawal symptom of smoking. You can advice you friend to use nicotine gum or chimtix, Both are anti smoking medicine which will help your friend from leaving this evil. For more information on how these anti smoking drugs work you can visit topdrugmart.  Smoking in any way or of any form is beneficial for any one born or not born. So if any one is saying this is not making any sense at all. It is true that quitting at a sudden will sat you on mood swing or uneasiness or carving for smoking. There are many other ways by which you can lower your withdrawal symptom of smoking. You can advice you friend to use nicotine gum or chimtix, Both are anti smoking medicine which will help your friend from leaving this evil. For more information on how these anti smoking drugs work you can visit topdrugmart.  Your harming your child by smoking period, there's no harm done when you stop.  Smoking is not good for baby at all, so you should never smoke while pregnant, check with your doctor. Good luck.  yes you can. When you have lost your mucus plug it will be a pink or reddish show after going to the bathroom. I had that experiance. The mucus plug will thin out and when you go to the RR you will notice it.  A teething baby often likes to suck, chew, and gnaw on things. Teething rings can help, or often, Ill have parents get a washcloth wet, then twist it or roll it up and put it in the freezer or fridge, and once its cold let the baby chew on that. Or you can try freezing a mini-bagel and let them chew on it -- but depending on how young they are you have to be careful, keeping an eye on baby so that they dont bite off a big piece. Sometimes Ill have a parent give a teething baby an appropriate dose of acetaminophen at night, which helps soothe the baby and minimize the pain, so the baby can sleep longer. I will say to be careful with topical solutions; be careful that you dont overdo them. Id recommend checking with your physician before you use them.  It depends on the age of the baby youre talking about. In the first two or three months of life, you just cant spoil infants, so by all means pick them up, walk with them, calm them down. After that, you do want to let them start learning how to soothe themselves. If you know theyre not wet, theyre not hungry, and nothing else is wrong, you can let them cry awhile and blow off steam. Its OK to put them down and leave the room and relax yourself -- its OK to leave them and give yourself a break. Just leave them in a safe place and take a break and give them a little time.  Crying is not dangerous to your baby. Its not going to cause brain damage, and theyre not going to stop breathing. There is, however, something called breath-holding spells, where a baby may cry so hard that they stop breathing for a moment or two and then start breathing again. If this happens, you do want to see your pediatrician to see if theres something going on, but a breath-holding spell is all it usually is. If they really seem to stop breathing or turn blue, call your pediatrician, but it could also be that the baby just cried so hard that mucus got stuck in the throat, and he or she didnt know how to clear it for a moment.  I dont know that I see many parents making mistakes, but I like to let parents know its completely normal to feel helpless and frustrated and at your wits' end when a baby keeps crying. When you feel like that, it may be time to call for help, and hand the baby over to grandparents or friends. And its OK, after awhile, to allow your baby to learn to soothe themselves. Ive had parents come in with an 8-month-old baby and they say, I cant put her down or shell cry. But by about 6 or 8 months, you need to let babies learn how to be alone and soothe themselves. Dont be afraid to put crying babies down -- as long as you know theyre safe, the cryings not going to hurt them. Finally, never shake a baby. This is a form of child abuse, and its very dangerous to the baby. When youre frustrated and dont know what to do -- when you get to that point, give yourself a break.  Thanks for your repsonse, it did help! The 2 pills I do a month, last me all month. I dont do a whole dose I just do a little bit each day. So I stretch the 2 just enough so I have a little each day for all month. I have slowed down a lot. I have been trying to wein myself all of them, but now I found out I'm pregnant, I am def going to have to do something. I have just been trying this whole time to avoid telling doctors or family members. But I know I am going to have to just suck it up and tell my doctor, hopefully she'll be able to help me. I think the hardest part is the mental state, and when I dont have them I have NOO energy to do anything, and that creepy crawly feeling you feel through your whole body. But i am READY to stop. I def dont want to be like this forever, and I HATE that I even let myself get in this situation. I have 2 other kids, and I never had any problems when I was pregnant with them, bc I didnt do anything like this, so I def dont want to start now! So again, thanks for your feedback, I do appreciate it!  Whooping cough is commonly thought of as sort of an old-time disease of childhood that went away with vaccination, but it never really went away. Vaccination is the best way to protect yourself and your family. Learn about 3 ways vaccines can protect babies in particular in this simple infographic from CDC: Protect Babies from Whooping Cough . Infants too young to be vaccinated are at highest risk for disease and severe complications. In this case, everyone around them who helps care for them should be vaccinated. Pregnant moms are recommended Tdap during every pregnancy to protect themselves and to pass protective antibodies to their babies. For kids, pertussis vaccination starts at 2 months, with additional doses at 4 months and 6 months. They get the pertussis vaccine with diphtheria and tetanus, and often combined with other childhood vaccines. A booster is required at 15 through 18 months, and another booster at 4 through 6 years before they start school. The Tdap vaccine is recommended for all adolescents, preferably at age 11 or 12. Anyone who hasn't gotten it at age 11 or 12 should get a dose. If adults have never had Tdap, they should get a dose at any time, regardless of when they got their last tetanus and diphtheria (Td) booster. Adolescents and adults need a dose of Tdap even if they were vaccinated as children or have had a pertussis infection.  There could be some truth to it. Here is an article on that explain about pre-ejaculate. I hope this helps. The WebMD Answers Staff  You can take a child's temperature a few different ways: via the rectum (rectally), mouth (orally), ear, or under the arm (axillary). Rectal thermometers provide the most accurate temperature readings, and can be easiest to take in an infant. Typically, babies can't hold an oral thermometer in place, and the reading of an ear or underarm thermometer won't be as accurate. To take a rectal temperature, first make sure the thermometer is clean. Wash it with soap and water or wipe it off with rubbing alcohol. Lay your baby on the belly or on the back with legs bent into the chest. Apply a little bit of petroleum jelly around the thermometer bulb and gently insert it about 1 inch into the rectum opening. Hold the digital thermometer in place for about two minutes until you hear the "beep."  Ideally, its a good idea to introduce the cup to your baby as early as six months, though some make the transition even sooner. And, some make it later. ... Although every baby is different, look for hints that your baby is ready to wean. A breastfed baby may: Suck on your breast a few times and then stop, or even refuse the breast Get distracted easily while breastfeeding Show growing interest in drinking from a cup.  There are devices now available that improve holding your cell phone, tablet, or e-book readers. Check out handable.com  Since sperm banks are legally required to screen donors and test all samples, that should not be an issue.  My husband kinda suffers from the same issue. He was given tyenol and ibuprofen alot as a child and now it is very hard to find a pain medicine that has any effect on him. He currently has a condition in his chest that no medicine has been able to help the pain. I am not sure if this helps but this is something you probably needed to limit the amounts as a baby.  I understand your concern as a parent, but you have to get a correct diagnosis from a qualified dentist. Adult teeth are typically darker than baby teeth and that is normal. If the teeth are brown, your child might have had high fever at about age 3 and was given antibiotics (tetracycline), this is the result. I am assuming that the oral hygiene is good and that the color is not surface stain. It is commonly called "tetracycline staining." There is nothing to do at this time. You must consult with your pediatric dentist first and foremost. Make sure that this is the correct diagnosis. When the teeth finally erupt, bleaching can be successful at times. Many times, adults end up with porcelain laminate veneers to cover the staining. However, the best thing to do is nothing. Any dental work has a "life span" and an untouched tooth is always better for the long-term health.The darker color, in itself, is not a problem physically, just esthetically. Please go see a pediatric dentist to confirm the proper diagnosis for your child.  The proper name is actually Gemination (like Gemini-- twins). It is NOT A PROBLEM. Other children WILL NOT notice this. The only problem is usually with parents! I am a parent myself and I understand your concern, but there is nothing to do at this point and you should just let nature take its course. The baby teeth will fall out and you have to make sure that your child goes to the pediatric dentist for proper care. I strongly recommend a pediatric dentist for your children. [He or she] is the properly trained dentist to handle your children and give them the proper, best experience that will last them a lifetime.  you normally feel it inside about 16 weeks or so and not on the outside til around 20 weeks or a bit later  okay, well the thing is i don't want to be put onto another birth control. i wanted to get taken off because it screws up my hormones and my fiance and i are trying for a baby. So i don't know if i should be worried about infertility or if this is just going to be my normal period cycle now. I tried asking for a doctor opinion but they didn't exactly give me one, other than it could be the simple fact that i took myself off the pill...  probably sitting on a nerve. Typically one gets severe back pain if the baby is pressing on a nerve. I would recommend calling a doctor's office. Any assistant can answer. You can also call an emergency just to confirm if this something to worry about - they will bring you in if they are not sure.  Pretty much what I knew and thought already, but he thinks me and my dr are crazy for thinking he cheated... Gotta love Karma!!!! It got him good this time lol :)  sorry to inform you that your question is not clear.you did't mention your daughter's weight....please kindly , mention your daughter's weight during birth & now. so, i can explain you more clearly. further details contact dranubritto 9445056659 visit www.vijayhomoeoclinic.com  If there is a reason for them to be yes. If your doing drugs and your pregnant, you should not be allowed to keep the baby.  I have had several friends that have been on probation and have tried to use the response that they failed a urinalysis because of friends that have smoked around them. Each time, their probation officer has told them that in order to get even trace amounts in their system, they would have to be literally inside of a car with the windows up and smoke large amounts I think that both you and your husband have taken adequate precautions to protect your child  I am taking FAS-3 as my doctor has advised me to take it for yellowish white discharge. About ovulation, do you mean I have to try on 16 or 15 th day?  I would go and see your regular gynecologist who will most likely refer you to a fertility Dr. There are several options nowadays (invetro). Best of luck!  I am sorry to hear of your friend's loss. If your friend lost her baby before her 20th week, it is considered a miscarriage. Here's some more information: http://www.webmd.com/baby/pregnancy-miscarriage  This happened to me once and it was a miscarriage, I would suggest going to the er and getting checked or call your ob. If it was a miscarriage chances are likely you would have passed some tissue or what looks like blood clots that could have been grayish in color. Good luck  With the passage of time people who elect to have a tubal ligation come to the realization and they wish to have a procedure which helps them to increase another member to their family. No doubt, tubal reversal is expensive procedure but there are always possible ways available in which a person can get financial help. You just need to explore them. First consult with your insurance company that will pay or not for a part or all of the tubal ligation reversal procedure. Most of health insurance may not pay for your tubal ligation reversal surgery as it is considered an elective procedure, so in this case you should apply for financing with a health care credit company such as CareCredit or MedChoice. Personally I would recommend Care Credit because it provides flexible patient financing to help you afford the care you need. CareCredit pays for medical procedures upfront and allows you to pay back the loan in small monthly payments without any interest. Now if you are looking for a doc who accept CareCredit payment method! The best option is to find a doctor you are considering and then ask about the financing options they offer such as Dr.Morice and many other doctors accept CareCredit for this procedure. I have find a article on a website regarding tubal reversal financing that Dr.Morice offers both tubal reversal financing and fee option. If you need further information about financing you can contact them at Or also can read this insurance and financing post: http://www.tubal-reversal-surgery.net/tubal-reversal-cost  no its not normal and if it gets wors ide go to a doctor for more info  I would go o the ER just to be on the safe side. Anytime you have any doubt, you should get it checked out. Have you had a ultra sound done yet? Hope this helps....  Yes I think you are ovulating your body is trying to catch up I think . Did you have intercourse after you lost the baby because you can be pregnant again and Think it is a normal flow . Tell me more about it ?  Its called breath holding spells my daughter does the same has been to a nurologist because they may be seziure related i reccomend u take the child to his pediatrican so they can reffere him to a nurologist  Thanks god.  My gyn told me I had a yeast infection even thou I didn't think so. My discharge was like yous well still is. No odor,itching,pain just a clear gel stuff. I was thinking of using vagasil again to see if it might work.  how does pot help with anxiety, it makes people paranoid doesn't it??? If you post a response I hope I can retrieve it, I am new on WebMD.  No  Usually due to hormonal changes  Congratulations, my sister was 15 with her first,17 her second and 20 her third, she will be young with them and understand them more, have more energy and in 15 years she will only be in her early 30s and her life will be hers plusYou she will have three friends by her side. She went to a school for pregnant girls then college to study childcare and is now at uni and working part time as a teaching assistant where the girls get a free place so she did it and is having a ball so you can too! I used to laugh when people would watch her with the babies and see how young she was and shake their heads at her, she used to just laugh at them for being so blind to how happy and clean they was.  Yes, you should not smoke while pregnant  I was always told to give my babies pedialyte to keep them from dehydrating and to replenish the electrolyte in their tiny bodies  as for the raw bottom cornstarch or the diaper rash ointments that are thick and white not petroleum jelly types work best I have found  Yes,call your doctor and have them do a blood test.  It would most likely be around February 22 as there is a 9 month incubation period and congratulations!  Roll the dice again and see if you get a boy.  It is very unlikely that you did not get an STD while having unprotected sex with your boyfriend IF he had chlamydia at that time as well. If you have not had sex with him since you became pregnant and you tested negative I'm sure you can do the math.  That is not safe. If the skin gets too how it will burn the skin and irritate the baby.  YES!!! when i got pregnant i didn't even know i was....i was in a car wreck and they found out i was pregnant, they did an ultrasound and determined i was approx. 3 weeks pregnant. of course it was not a perfect picture as arms and legs and things were not yet developed, but you could defiantly tell there was a baby there =)  probably the best answer to get pregnant, is stop trying. it usally does works. my sister got 3 kids and both of her girls are unplanned. the boy (the middle child) was planned. they did not plan to have another child until the boy was 3 or 4 years old and that didnt happen. he was almost a year old when my sis found out that she was pregnant again.  Having been blessed with bearing five children, I can say that walking certainly helps it along. It helps to change your center of gravity and allows the baby to push down where it wants to go. If your contractions stop after you stop walking and sit or lie down, it likely isn't true labor but Braxton-Hicks contractions. hope this helps and congratulations on the upcoming (?) birth.  Thank you for your advice but, you didn't really answer my question as to if it poses a health risk to have them together??  The best way to know is to get a sonogram. Good luck!  yes it can harm the baby you should see a doctor to make sure everything is ok!!!!!!!!!!!!  She should be fine depends on the location and intensity of the hit, to be on the safeside I would suggest she sees her dr to make sure the baby is fine  It may be a sign of hormonal imbalance. It may be due to anxiety or tension. There are many factors that may affect what has happened to you. Relax. Restore your life to emotional and physical balance.  Well I came on my period today so not pregnant.. :(  You probably should be concerned. If it gets to 102 or 103 take him to the ER. They will probably be concerned also so they will try to get you an answer.  Instead of taking a lot of vitamin pills, get back on the prenatals. I am 23 and I have had 4 children. The doctors told me I can keep taking the prenatals if I would like to because of all the vitamins, so it is safe to keep taking prenatals if you would like to. I think it would be better than to take a lot of different ones when you can take 1. Hope that helps.  Not always...But than again you will definitely want to check with your OBGYN. Because I know that when I was going to breastfeed, they told me that anything I eat or take that the baby will get. So with you being sick, I don't think you should have a problem, BUT I would definitely get a hold of your OB to double check and make sure.  The baby could be sitting/laying on your siatic nerve. Its nothing to be worried about its completely normal to have back pains and it can be more on one side or another just because the baby can be laying on one side more than the other. If the baby is laying more in your back it can cause it but with it being more than the other I bout gurantee that the baby is just laying on that side more which he/she could be laying on the siatic nerve which can be painful. (I have had 4 so I know the feeling) Hope you get feeling better.  yes...i have a 3 year old and that is what it is :) try to make some lists mommy :)  yes  Hi. I Gave birth to my daughter at 32 weeks pregnant. What i was recomended to do is, Lay on your left side and drink a glass of water.If the pain persists or worsen's I would strongly suggest going to the hospital to be evaluated, However if you have already lost your mucus plug I wouldn't take any chances because when that happens the onset of labor should take place within 24-48 hours. I however did not and i ended up waking up later that night because my water had broken. Hope this help's some!  I think you have arthritis problem.  i've been pregnant twice and i had bronchitis with each pregnancy no it won't cause harm to the baby just see your doctor for antibiotics. get well  hepatitis B is a highly contagious viral disease ,i advice you to serve your baby when you are not ready to eat  I have been told no with both of my pregnancies. The water is so hot it could or will cause you to have a miscarriage.  is she wheezing? or is her chest rumbling? is there still blood in her mucus when she sneezes? if any of these questions are a yes i highly recommend taking her to the DR. ASAP!  Yes! I started feeling the baby at 17 weeks. I'm 20 weeks now, 5 months. :)  Another question, the person who presented me the story is very distraught over his gf losing this baby they even named her. He was not present for any appts has not seen any labs or ultrasound pic even though she states she had an ultrasound, and has seen no positive pregnancy test basically he is going on her word. I hate seeing him hurting like this and the circumstances surrounding are very suspicious. He says she has 2 small incisions one by her bellybutton and one on her left side. Is there medical documentation or anything he could ask for to prove her story?  It could be a variety of things the, test may have been false positive. To be on the safe side i would urge you to see a doctor and explain all symtoms to them. Above all remain calm and dont stress yourself out it will all be ok.  You may experience a dull ache in your lower back when they start. You generally feel the pain start in your back and move slowly across your abdomen and down. You will feel a tightening or squeezing feeling when this occurs and may feel a little pressure as well. My pain was very significant when I had mine and I labored very quickly as a result yours may not be that strong at first but they should progressively get stronger and come in a pattern and get closer together over time if they are labor contractions. I hope this helps  I'm back again with a update regarding of this.. At the same time have removed all of the personal info that were in the original emails for privacy reasons and etc. Its me again because it appears that Dr. that I want only works out one of office (the one that I want and near me) via hospital site as opposed to working out of both of them. In which I'm prefer the dr/s working out of only office as opposed to drs working out of both offices.  I'm back again with a update regarding this. At the same time have removed all of the personal/office info the were in the original emails for privacy reasons and etc. Thank you for the update and taking the time to talk to my current Dr. for me. Was only just making sure that Dr. that I want to switched also worked out of both offices. In which it really doesn't bother that Dr. also works out of both offices because I already knew this is a huge practice. Now, I'm back 2nd guessing myself as to whether I should keep my current dr or go ahead with my switched to the new dr regarding your latest email to me.  I'm back again with a update regarding of this. Anyway, I contracted the practice regarding in this and in which I'm glad that I did. At the same time have removed all of the personal info that were in the original emails for privacy reasons and etc. Because the doctor that I want switched to is also going on Maternity Leave sometime in the near future. In which I was WOW what luck I'm having founding and keeping a OB/GYN over this past couple of years. Mean with maternity leaves and etc along those lines. Rather see the doctor in her early to mid pregnancy vs mid to late pregnancy and that goes for after she comes back from the maternity leave. As opposed to what I did with the previous dr. and prefer not to do it again. Tell, you the truth I have dealt with my drs. especially my OB/GYN going/being on maternity leave before. But never like the previous dr. that I had and etc.  everyone different but really its supply and demand tell her to uptake in the amount of times shes pumping even if she gets nothing it will tell her body that more is needed also make sure she has a good diet and is drinking plenty of water with my son my milk one day just kinda went away id say 2 months into it its also good to have the baby take the milk no only the pump, a mothers phyical conneation to her baby will help its more powerful than many people think. i hope this helps good luck and congrats on the baby  I would recommend seeing a fertility specialist in your area who may be able to suggest advice, options and ferility treatment.  Actually it was most likely in January. 40 weeks doesn't always add up to 9 months. Congrats!  Also RELATED to the above question, I have not had a period since before my last pregnancy (which has been 18 months) with no period and no signs what-so-ever of having a period or that it is coming.  I have usually heard of tummy tuck as a simple surgical procedure. It should not be interfering with your wifes pregnancy. In my opinion you should < ahref="http://www.breastimplantstoronto.ca/tummy_truck-9.html">consult a cosmetic surgeon in your locality and take the necessary precautions.  I have usually heard of tummy tuck as a simple surgical procedure. It should not be interfering with your wife's pregnancy. In my opinion you should < ahref="http://www.breastimplantstoronto.ca/tummy_truck-9.html">consult a cosmetic surgeon in your locality and take the necessary precautions.  Hi.... I've got 5 children, 5 grandchildren and 2 ggrandchildren.....i hate to say this but if that's the worst she gets into her mouth, you'll be a very lucky parent. It sure isn't recommended but look at it this way. I assume she's still in diapers and taking a bottle and/or baby food. Everything she eats is clean....everything that comes out will be too ! now when she gets older and starts to walk and explore....that's when you should know what she's into. Trust me, if my mother had known what i got into on my grandparents' farm at 3 yrs., she would have keeled over dead. Kids are like cats, they have 9 lives, in spite of us ! Stay in touch with your doctor and overlook his apparent lack-of-concern...remember he deals with dozens of kids and their new parents everyday. Sometimes they forget.  Hello, I went to dental assisting school for two years and am certified as well so I feel qualified to answer your question. No, those teeth are not permanent. She is still losing her baby teeth, and all of them need to go in order for the adult teeth to grow the right way. Otherwise, there would be other complications. If the molars ARE her permanent ones, then they need to stay in the mouth. Of course when the wisdom teeth start growing in, it is recommended to remove them since they are so hard to clean and would cause more cavities and possibly other problems. But it sounds like you have nothing to worry about, keep losing the baby ones. I hope that helped answer you question.  Considering you had your baby in February, I am assuming that your placenta was removed shortly therafter. If so, it is quite a few months afterwards so you shouldn't have any bruising. You would have notice bruising shortly after having your placenta removed. Since you have the bloating, I would follow up with your physician.  No Way do not take any sleep meds when you are having a baby  babies movement decreases a great % right before they are born but they should at least move or kick once in a while. if your worried ask your doctor and count how many times he or she moves  I never mixed it in the same bottle but I would nurse him then give him to his father to finish feeding with a bottle and it never caused him any troubles. Plus I think it helped move him faster to a cup, because he stopped nursing and bottle at six months and moved on to a sippy cup.  I didn't get my period until my baby was almost 4 months old. My doctor said that it can take up to 3 months or so after you stop breastfeeding before you get your period. She said that a breastfeeding mother can easily go 6-9 months without having one.  Little girls at that age well frankly her wiring is completing and she may be feeling a pleasurable sensation when rubbing the clitoris. It's fine, it's normal and nothing to worry about.  Estrogen-containing contraceptives have been linked to low milk supply and a shorter duration of breastfeeding even when started when baby is older, after milk supply is well established. Not all mothers who take contraceptives containing estrogen will experience a low milk supply, but these unaffected mothers appear to be a very small minority. For most mothers, progestin-only forms of contraception do not cause problems with milk supply if started after the 6th-8th week postpartum and if given at normal doses. However, there are many reports (most anecdotal but nevertheless worth paying attention to) that some women do experience supply problems with these pills, so if you choose this method you still need to proceed with some caution. Progestin-only contraceptives come in several different forms: the progestin-only pill (POP) also called the mini-pill (Micronor, Errin, Nor-QD, Ovrette, Microval, etc) the birth control injection (Depo Provera) the progesterone-releasing IUD (Mirena, Progestasert) the birth control implant (Norplant, Implanon). Here is the link for where I got this information from. http://kellymom.com/bf/can-i-breastfeed/meds/birthcontrol/  I had a baby 7months ago. He had trouble with his bowel movements from the start. My pediatrician told me to use a supository to help. (They do not make them for babies/ children). Purchase the ones for adults and cut in half LENGTH wise and run under hot water until it is a little slippery. Bend your baby's legs backwards as if you're changing his diaper and apply a liberal amount of Vasaline to his rectum and SLOWLY insert the spository. -I would insert a little and then pause, insert a little and then pause until it is inserted completely. WARNING- a baby's natural reaction is to bear down so keep your finger in place until you know that it is going to stay in place. The first time I used one, my baby found relief in less than 10 minutes, but it has taken upwards of an hour. I was told that I could use one every 48 hrs as needed. This did the job, but was a temporary solution as his bowels did not self regulate. When he was a bit older his doctor called him in a prescription for "Lactulose". Once he was a lttle older still we were told we could add a teaspoon of pruice juice to each one of his bottles. This did in fact regulate him. Now, when he has occasional trouble, we add prune juice to one bottle, by morning his bowels move like clockwork. I hope this helps.  Try working in a few feedings with rice cereal mixed with breast milk.  in the rectum (;  3 ounces  3 ounces  My husband went through a bad time in his life where he had to have alot of operations and when it was all done with he was addicted to pain pills but also had to have them for the pain he would have to deal with the rest of his life. He started going to a out patient methadone clinic which really helped him stay off everything else and helped the pain. There were pregnant women going there that also took the medication I really wouldn't recommend getting put on it if you can avoid it because these women had to deal with the nurses talking about them and calling them bad mothers cause the babies were addicted to the methadone and had to be hooked to iv's and given morphine until they could be taken off which was miserable for the babies. So if you can just stop takin it that would be your best bet.  I have been to the doctor but with a negative test she kind of looks at me like im crazy. but it has happen before. and she wont give me a ultra sound she said dont worry. but I keep feeling like I did last time. Im currenantly looking for another doctor that will be more helpfull and the fact that O- and have had a miscarrage before has me on edge. but thanks .  one way would be find a deep cleaning system then see if you can use a aloe mask three day a week  If the baby under 6 month old only breast milk usually suggested.  Absolutely not!! See your eye doctor for meds...its an infection!  yes  Anytime my son is teething he runs a low grade fever and salivates alot. With a temp that high, I recommend calling an after hours pediatric office and see what they recommend.  