it might be more than strep. if you have had it more than 7 days after you started meds, I would go get tested for mono  No I was not on the pill...I have not been on birth control for 2 years.  Sometimes it can be an indication of a problem but at 37 weeks you're OB would tell you if he thought you needed to schedule an early c-section.  When a person has a blood sugar level of 400 mg/dl, it's no joke.The human body goes into a protective mode and attempts to remove the excess sugar through the urine. This can lead to an extreme state of dehydration, and may cause seizures, being placed in a coma state, and even death. A second condition seen in patients with blood sugar levels in the 400 mg/dl range is the hyperglycemic build-up of ketone acids in the blood. This causes individuals to become sleepy, become mentally confused, have trouble breathing, and again, may even result in death. Having a chronic blood sugar level in the 400 mg/dl may result in eye disease (even blindness), kidney disease, and amputations. It will almost certainly shorten the quality of your life and probably shorten your life expectancy. How serious is a 400 mg/dl glucose result? As you can see by the potential negative consequences listed by me... "It is a grave matter and it couldn't be much more serious."   BMP stands for Basic Metabolic Profile- It provides a meaningful snapshot of eight (8) different blood studies. They are tested to give your health care provider important information about the current status of your kidneys as well as electrolyte and acid / base balance and level of blood glucose. The following tests are part of the BMP:  Serum blood testing ranges are not set in stone. The in-range value for any given blood study can vary from lab to lab. Was the test performed as part of routine blood work or did you present with abnormal liver symptoms? Are you jaundice? Bilirubin levels that are high may indicate excessive destruction of red blood cells. This symptom may appear with cirrhosis of the liver, but may also be high with anemia, gallstones, hepatitis, and other disorders. It seems like a reasonable plan to talk with the doctor who ordered the test. Write down all medications that you are taking (including over the counter products), list all presenting medical symptoms, and prepare bullet-point questions to be asked of the doctor during your next meeting. Perhaps the physician can reorder the test to substantiate the original results. With additional studies, a physical examination, and by interviewing you to determine if other liver disorder symptoms exist, a definitive diagnosis may be determined.  Unless an unlikely error occured during the analysis of your testing, the results should be accepted as being valid.In addition, your doctor seems to feel that your results were accurate. It is probably in your best interest to accept the results as being postive for just chlamydia. If you have unexplained symptoms relating to a sexually transmitted disease, it is best to contact your doctor and to be retested. In the meantime, please be careful and stay well.  Your 8.3 result falls into the normal range. The normal range is 6.0 g/dl.-8.3/dl.-... Notes: 1.)Normal values may vary from one testing lab to another. 2.) The doctor that requested the test is in the best position to interrupt the results based upon knowing you as their patient. Some additional information that you may find helpful includes the following facts:The Total Protein Serum Test may help to identify nutritional, kidney, or liver irregularities. Although your result was on the high end of the range, it would be considered to be normal. I do not know your concern over this specific test result, but want to answer your question completely. Therefore, just as a matter of information, sometimes an elevated level may be caused by pregnancy or interaction of certain medications taken by the patient. A higher than normal Total Protein Serum Test could also indicate a chronic inflammation or infection.   No, a lipid panel is a blood test specific to analyzing the amount of cholesterol and fats, called triglycerides. A WBC, white blood count is ordered by a physician as part of a CBC, complete blood count to: screen for a wide range of diseases and conditions such as to diagnose an infection. It also may be used to determine the presence of other diseases that affect WBCs such as leukemia or immune disorders.  I am sorry for your daughter's illness. I know that it is a scary time for you and your family. The waiting period is the worst and should end soon. It sounds like she may have Hepatitis A. Hepatitis A is primarily contracted by eating or drinking contaminated food or beverages containing the Hepatitis A virus. The news is essentially positive in that treatment usually consists of 3 months or so of bed rest with most people making a full recovery within 6 months. It also seems that the doctors are appropriately covering all bases by asking a surgeon to review the MRI results. Yes, the viewing of some undistinguishable object next to the liver is worrisome, but it could end up being a benign and non-issue. At this time, it is difficult not knowing the complete results of the MRI for your precious daughter. Based upon her young age, having a supportive mother, and doctors that are investigating all possibilities, I'm rooting for and predicting a positive outcome.  A phobia may be defined as a persistent, irrational fear of a specific object ,activity, or situation that leads to a compelling desire to avoid it. I don't know how old you are, as some phobias will just disappear over time. Although the fear may seem very irrational to many of us, I'm sure that it is perceived as very real to you. Don't allow well intentioned people to tell you, "just get over it." Additionally, you must move forward to overcome this fear for you and not for other people. Like most phobias, they can be overcome with the therapeutic help of a professional and hard work on your part. The following are some suggestions: have your blood drawn in the company of a loyal friend or family member to receive necessary emotional support, visit with a trained psychologist who will work on you at your own pace with the goal of acclimating you mentally for the procedure. Hypnosis therapy can also be helpful with difficult cases. Investigate some of the clinical laboratories in your area and research for the most competent technician to draw your blood. All labs and their technicians do not possess equal skills. My experience has shown me that the largest and busiest labs usually do the best blood draws. This is because it is all that they do on their job for every day of their working week. They take blood from heavy folks, think folks, the very young, the old, and the very frail and very ill. It stands to reason that they become super-like specialist at their task. Tell the lab about your fears and ask for their recommendations. They may assign you to their best lab worker with the best blood drawing skills and patient demeanor. Sometimes using a blood draw set-up designed for babies and children is also beneficial. These kits have smaller gauge needles and can make the difference between a painful arm stick and a barely feel it stick. Your victory over this fear will most likely be won in small doses of success. Remember, a long voyage begins with the first step.  SGPT is an abbreviation for a serum blood test of an enzyme produced in the liver and in the heart. SGPT enzymes are released into the blood stream when damage to the heart or liver occur. Elevated SGPT levels are thus observed with heart and liver abnormalities. Sometimes various medications will also increase the SGPT levels.  SGPT is an abbreviation for a serum blood test of an enzyme produced in the liver and in the heart. SGPT enzymes are released into the blood stream when damage to the heart or liver occur. Elevated SGPT levels are thus observed with heart and liver abnormalities. Sometimes various medications will also increase the SGPT levels.  The 143 sodium level for a 64 year old woman would fall into the normal range. Normal sodium levels can vary from one laboratory to another. A sodium level falling between the range of 136-145 would be considered normal.   Without knowing you or your doctor, its not possible to know what blood work was performed. With that said, it is a safe bet that your recent blood work included a test for diabetes. Many physicians will order a C.M.P. or Comprehensive Metabolic Panel as part of the blood work studies for their patients. The C.M.P. includes measuring the Serum Glucose Level of the blood. These levels can determine diabetes or hypoglycemia. Depending on the lab and your health insurance carrier, you may be able to obtain a copy of tests results on-line without waiting for your doctor to return from vacation. Under the Federal HIPAA Regulations, a patient is entitled to receive a copy of their medical records.  High blood serum protein is just one study with your son's result being higher than the normal range. Other diagnostic testing, medical history, and recent life-style factors must be considered in order to determine the full meaning of the testing results. High protein in the blood may be seen even in mild cases of dehydration. Yes, there can also be serious causes for higher than normal protein in the blood and may include some forms of cancer, HIV/AIDS, and bone marrow irregularities. Without other prominent symptoms, I'd suspect that some fluid depletion of the body is responsible for the higher than normal protein in the blood value. I hope that your physician determines the cause quickly to alleviate your understandable concern. .  RDW is a medical abbreviation that stands for Red Blood Cell Distribution Width. It is a measurement of the size of red blood cells. RDW is routinely tested for during a Complete Blood Count, CBC. A normal RDW range for adults is 10.2 - 14.6. Expect normal RDW to vary from testing lab to testing lab. Low values can suggest anemia while high values are sometimes seen in liver disease and vitamin B -12 deficiency cases. An interesting fact about higher than normal RDW results is that it is a strong predictor of early death.   Yes, a "TIA", Transient Ischemic Attack, also known as a mini-stroke may cause some permanent damage. According to some recent studies, 15% of individuals experiencing a TIA had some result disability occurring within 90days of the episode. Disability in this case is defined as some routine daily activity that was able to be accomplished before the TIA, but is now unable to be performed. Based upon your description of the evaluations occurring after your TIA, it is a safe bet that to reason you sustained a cognitive disability and some degree of neurologic damage. Perhaps your neurologist will consider (or already is) treating you with a blood thinner to provide protection against blood clots and future TIA's or even a major stroke.  Yes, a "TIA", Transient Ischemic Attack, also known as a mini-stroke may cause some permanent damage. According to some recent studies, 15% of individuals experiencing a TIA had some result disability occurring within 90days of the episode. Disability in this case is defined as some routine daily activity that was able to be accomplished before the TIA, but is now unable to be performed. Based upon your description of the evaluations occurring after your TIA, it is a safe bet that to reason you sustained a cognitive disability and some degree of neurologic damage. Perhaps your neurologist will consider (or already is) treating you with a blood thinner to provide protection against blood clots and future TIA's or even a major stroke.  I just realized that I did not completely answer your question. But sometimes a low result shows with Hepatitis C, malnutrition, or a magnesium deficiency.   Absolute Neutrophil Count is a measurement of the percentage of the total White Blood Cells that are devoted to fighting infection. Normal values may vary from testing lab to testing lab, but should fit into an approximate range of 7.5  10.5. The result of 12.3 is above range by roughly 17.5 %. This value may indicate body stress or an active infection being fought off by the neutrophils. Most of the results that you reported are on the high end of the normal range. For example your husbands Ast. value of 63 is more than double the high end range of 27 and can sometimes indicate a liver disturbance. Of course, please do not worry ; sometimes we just need an immediate answer that could make some sense. I am not a doctor and am not familiar with your husbands medical history. My answer represents a good faith effort to be helpful and is by no means a definitive conclusion with guarantees of accuracy. The serum blood results could also mean that something else entirely is afoul or have little overall significance. All of the testing must be looked at collectively by a medical professional and in conjunction with a physical exam of the patient in order to arrive with an accurate diagnosis. I suggest that your husband follow-up with his doctor for additional testing and possible referrals to other medical specialists. Completing the antibiotic treatment may also prove to be helpful. I hope that his health soon improves and wish you well.  what are herpes sores  It's anyone's guess why her doctor requested she come into the office. If only a thyroid blood test were done at the laboratory, then it seems that the results are likely abnormal. But this is not unusual. The dose of thyroid hormone replacement can vary as we age and she may simply need an adjustment of her dose. Her doctor will want to ask her a few questions to make sure that your wife isn't taking other medications that would interfere with the absorption or metabolism of her thyroid pills. Medications such as iron in multivitamins or an antacid tablet could alter her blood tests. Typically the tests are straightforward, but as a physician you want to make sure that there's not something else going on before making an adjustment to a medication she's been taking for some years.  I am 29 yrs old and have also been experiencing very thin hair, embarrassing thin hair in the front and top of my scalp, as well as lowered sex drive. I've had blood tests for thyroid and low hormones and all tests came back "normal" but I still feel there is a big unanswered question. I've also been told that stress and pain in the body can cause this, so maybe life is stressing you out a bit more than you may be willing to acknowledge??? I know I deny being stressed out! However, I am searching for more concrete answers just like you so if you find any helpful information to share, please do!! Sincerely, CC from S.B.  You could be. If you have a normal 28 day cycle you would of ovulated around the 15th if you had unprotected sex around that day you could of conceived. I'd say take a home pregnancy test if still negative ask your dr for another blood test. Good luck to you.  You may have to undergo an endoscopy to biopsy your small intestine to confirm that you have Celiac Disease. Typically a blood test may be done first since it can be an indicator and is less invasive, but a biopsy is better at confirming a diagnosis. You may also want to attempt an elimination diet to determine any food allergies, sensitivities, or intolerances that you may have. This type of diet starts out very basic and restrictive but you will gradually start to reintroduce certain foods back into your diet, one at a time, and monitor your bodys response. If you have an allergy or sensitivity, you may notice side effects when you reintroduce different foods. This isnt meant to replace a proper diagnosis, but it can help provide you with an association and causal relationship. Another option might be to keep a food journal and write down your dietary intake each day. You may be able to better identify triggers and notice trends between symptoms and foods consumed by doing so. It may then be worthwhile for you to discuss treatment and management options with other health professionals like another doctor or a registered dietitian.  yes  don't know  don't know  I'm sorry you're coping with , which is an autoimmune condition that renders the body unable to process gluten (a component of wheat) and causes the body to attack its own small intestine when gluten is consumed. Your doctor did the right thing in advising you to avoid foods that contain gluten. In fact, this is the only treatment for Celiac disease. However, it sounds like you might have been offered more resources and support than you received. You might want to consult a medical provider who specializes in digestive disorders to have your diagnosis confirmed and receive more specific counseling. Because Celiac disease isn't just a digestive disorder but also causes damage to your small intestine, it's important you understand how to manage this disease. A specialist may be able to offer you that type of thorough support. WebMD also offers a great . You might consider checking in there to find the Celiac disease group and start chatting with others who share your condition. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry your son is going through this -- and you, too. It's hard when our children develop a medical problem. We feel so helpless! It sounds like you're doing all the right things by seeking medical attention for this high blood pressure in your son. If you had these tests done on an emergency basis, I recommend following up with your son's primary care provider. If all the scary causes of your son's high blood pressure have been ruled out, then you need to have a serious talk with your regular doctor or nurse practitioner about your son's diet and exercise, as being overweight and not getting enough exercise are key culprits in hypertension in people of all ages. Wishing you and your son well!  This is an interesting question, and I'm glad you asked it. In order to develop an allergy to a substance, you have to be exposed to it. In other words, it's extremely rare to experience an allergic reaction to something on first exposure. (It's not impossible, but it's fairly rare.) One good example is penicillin. Millions of people took penicillin as children and suffered no ill effects. Many of those people today have penicillin allergies. That early exposure caused their bodies to mount an extreme immune reaction to penicillin later on. That could be what happened to you, too. If a physician confirmed your allergy, you need to take it to heart. Allergies not only can come on later in life, they can get worse over time. So, that diarrhea from eating eggs today could turn into anaphylaxis eventually. You also should be aware that people with a documented egg allergy may be discouraged from getting flu shots. I'd suggest you talk with your health care provider to see if this restriction applies to you. Sorry you're going through this. It's difficult to give up a well-loved food.  Unfortunately, there is not. There are dozens of types of , and no blood test that can detect any of them. In men, health care providers diagnose HPV by looking for warts on the genitals (because genital warts are caused by HPV). Sometimes, a vinegar solution is applied with a swab to areas of the genitals with skin that looks suspicious for a genital wart. However, the vinegar swab test isn't foolproof. If you suspect you may have HPV or believe you've been exposed to HPV, or if you engage in anal sex, you'd be well-advised to see a physician for an examination. I wish you all the best!  This must feel very distressing. I hope to at least offer some reassurance. is not uncommon. That said, I do think you should either return to your health care provider for follow-up testing or see a different doctor. The benefit of returning to the provider you saw last time is that he or she has your medical history and past test results for comparison. Many conditions, including thyroid issues, can cause hair loss. Just because they didn't show up on your lab work a year ago doesn't mean they won't show up now. You also should know that there is a condition called "female pattern baldness" that affects a number of women, but this doesn't usually show up until a woman reaches her 40s. I wish you all the best in finding out why your lovely locks are falling out!  Most home pregnancy tests today are pretty sensitive. You can test again any time you'd like. To get the most accurate reading, test first thing in the morning when your urine is the most concentrated. Also, be sure to follow the package instructions, especially the part about timing the test. Accurate timing is crucial for getting an accurate result. Use a timer, if necessary. In the meantime, if you think you could possibly be pregnant, you should live as if you are . Eat healthy foods, don't smoke, and avoid alcohol until you know for sure if you're pregnant or not. Please remember, also, that most communities offer low-cost or no-cost care to women who are (or think they may be) pregnant. You can learn more about your health care options by calling a local hospital or by using a web-based search engine. Try typing in your city's name and the words "women's health." Best wishes to you!  I'm so sorry to hear about your experience, but I'm glad this woman was responsible enough to inform you of her HIV-positive status. A single exposure to does not necessarily cause infection. But it certainly can. The only way you can tell if you are infected with HIV is by getting a blood test. I suggest you see a medical professional and get this blood test done as soon as possible. The sooner you know your HIV status, the sooner you can take steps to treat the virus if you do have it. There is a myth that female-to-male transmission of HIV is a rare occurrence, but science does not bear this out. At least one large study has shown that either sex can transmit the virus to the other at about the same rate. So, do not delay getting that blood test. Also, you need to avoid having unprotected sex at least until you know your HIV status. It's never a good idea to have unprotected sex, frankly, and you probably should get screened for other sexually transmitted diseases since you've had casual, unprotected sex with someone you know has a serious STD. I wish you all the best with this and hope for a negative result!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It sounds miserable and worrisome. I want to emphasize your need to stay hydrated, even if drinking water gives you nausea. Maybe try drinking water at different temperatures to see if one is more palatable than another. Or see if there's a vitamin water, flavored water, or type of sports drink you can tolerate. Despite the fact you've been tested for and other conditions in the past, my advice to you is to keep pursuing a cause for your symptoms. Some conditions take a long time to be diagnosed, such as . Sometimes, tests need to be repeated periodically and the results compared in order to reach a diagnosis. It's OK to be very pro-active with your health care providers in pushing for additional testing or repeated tests (depending on how much time has elapsed) in order to get a diagnosis. I'd suggest keeping copies of all your lab results and imaging films. Usually, these can be provided to you on CDs for easy storage. You'll want to keep these for new doctors you may consult and for comparison of test results over time. I wish I had some magic suggestion to offer you, in terms of a diagnosis, but that's not the case. Like I said, hang in there and don't give up just because you've had a few tests done. Keep going back to your provider(s) to let them know you still have symptoms. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry your husband's going through this. Unfortunately, we can't give you an answer here because DWI laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. What applies in your area may not apply in mine. Driving under the influence of narcotics (like Vicodin) is a crime in many places. However, sometimes the judge takes into account whether or not the person had a valid prescription for the medication, why the individual was taking that medication, and so on. Again, we're not lawyers here and can't say what might happen in your case. I wish you all the best with this!  Well, those lab results are a little high. Keyword: little. They're not off the charts, by any means. The normal reference range for is 7-20 mg/dl, and the range for serum (blood) creatinine for a male is 0.7 - 1.4 mg/dl. So, you can see yours are higher than normal, but only your health care provider can interpret these results relative to your medical history. That's the key point here. These results may be not good for one person but OK for another. Keep in mind dehydration can cause BUN to rise, so it's possible that's the only thing that is going on here. Both BUN and creatinine measure kidney function, by the way. Your health care provider should have more information for you at your follow-up appointment. If your situation were dire, your provider would have called you immediately with instructions on what to do. Hope this helps!  This is an interesting question. A blood test is not how yeast infection is diagnosed. Normally, a vaginal swab is taken and tested. Sometimes, health care providers diagnose a yeast infection simply based on history (recently took antibiotics) with a verbal report of symptoms ("now I have a vaginal discharge with itching"). A urine test also would not detect a vaginal yeast infection. Thus, I'd recommend you return to your health care provider for an examination. Genital blisters are not a normal feature of a yeast infection, but they can be a sign of a sexually transmitted disease. You deserve to find out exactly what's going on down there! Wishing you all the best!  Well, the first thing I have to ask is: Is your daughter sexually active? If so, and she's missed a period, then it might be wise for her to take a home pregnancy test. At age 15, the menstrual cycle isn't necessarily "settled in" yet. Irregular periods aren't uncommon in that age group, and the stomachaches and nausea could be due to stress or anxiety. In other words, I wouldn't jump to any conclusions. If your daughter is not pregnant, and the other symptoms don't go away, then it's worth a trip to see your primary health care provider. He or she can investigate the cause of your daughter's symptoms and recommend treatment. Wishing you both all the best!  I'm sorry you're going through this. The symptoms you're describing could be caused by many conditions, but a likely culprit is some sort of spinal issue. Spinal degeneration is not uncommon as we age (though I don't know how old you are), and a ruptured disc in the neck can happen to anyone. Either of these conditions can cause aching and tiredness of the limbs. I'd suggest you go back to the doctor to ask about these symptoms because it sounds like further testing might be warranted. Blood work won't help diagnose a spinal injury or . I wish you all the best!  HI THERE IT WILL TAKE LIKE A YEARS SO YOUR MONTHLY CAN GET BE MONTHLY I HAD THE SAME IT TOOK ME 6MONTHS  I also had problems to see my veins. They turned me on my stomach and did the Doppler tests and found this is the only way to see the deep veins which carry 80% of the blood back up and found I have a hereditary absence of large deep veins. My deep veins are the same size as the peripheral veins causing swelling and painful red spots that now limit my standing or sitting drastically. Wearing compression stockings are the only relief they can prescribe. She may have this abnormally strange vein size as well. I'm looking for answers myself. Good luck.  I also had problems to see my veins. They turned me on my stomach and did the Doppler tests and found this is the only way to see the deep veins which carry 80% of the blood back up and found I have a hereditary absence of large deep veins. My deep veins are the same size as the peripheral veins causing swelling and painful red spots that now limit my standing or sitting drastically. Wearing compression stockings are the only relief they can prescribe. She may have this abnormally strange vein size as well. I'm looking for answers myself. Good luck.  If your stress has not caused medical problems (such as hypertension, etc. which you would need to seek medical treatment first), my advice would be to try yoga or some form of exercise. Secondly, try a therapist who can get to the root of your stress. It is always comforting to bounce things to a therapist who is non-partisan and can offer suggestions on how to deal with your stress. Sometimes, it is just changing our perceptions.  No  A low level of ferritin may indicate that your body has a low iron stores. Because you have a high cholesterol level, eating foods that have a substantial amount of iron that are not high in cholesterol would be helpful. Foods that fit this description include: Dark green leafy vegetables such as spinach, collard greens, and kale Beans, lentils, and chickpeas Nuts and seeds Iron fortified whole grains in breads and cereals Meats have plenty of iron, but can be high in cholesterol. Eating baked or broiled turkey and chicken without the skin would be a good choice. Baked or broiled fish would also be a good choice. Hope this helps  This is a great question. Here are some risk factors for type 2 diabetes from the American Diabetes Association: Age over 45 People with family history of diabetes Being overweight or obese People who don't exercise regularly People with high blood pressure, low HDL (good) cholesterol, or high triglyceride level Certain racial/ethnic groups (Blacks, Hispanic/Latino Americans, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, American Indians, Alaska Natives) Women who have had gestational diabetes during pregnancy or have had a baby born weighing 9 or more pounds People whose fasting glucose (blood sugar) or glucose tolerance tests are impaired- indicating increased risk of developing diabetes http://www.diabetes.org/diabetes-basics/prevention/risk-factors/ You mentioned that one of you family members - your grandmother has type 2 diabetes. There are steps that you can take to help reduce your risk including keeping at a healthy weight, eating a healthy diet and exercising regularly. It would also be helpful to ask your health care provider how often you should check your blood pressure and cholesterol levels to make sure they are at good levels. Take care  Enlarged lymph nodes in the neck and jaw area can be caused by several conditions. If lymph nodes persistently remain enlarged after several weeks doctors usually consider a work-up to help determine the cause. Work up can include physical exam, lab tests, x-rays, and sometimes biopsy of an abnormal lymph node. Some infections that commonly cause enlarged lymph nodes are strep throat, mononucleosis, cytomegalovirus, toxoplasmosis, tuberculosis, and HIV infection. There are many more possible infectious causes. Some cancers cause enlarged lymph nodes such as head and neck cancers and lymphoma. There are several other medical conditions such as lupus, amyloidosis, and sarcoidosis that can cause lymph node enlargement. Certain medications can lead lymph node enlargement as a side effect. It is best for your brother to follow up with his doctor who can evaluate the need to do further work-up if lymph node enlargement persists. Here is a link to an article about enlarged lymph nodes http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/swollen-lymph-nodes-topic-overview Take Care  Hello, I have no idea why you would be told this informaiton. Certainly people don't check blood types before they fall in love! The only blood type related problem that affects couples is related to the "Rh" factor. If the father of a child in a couple is Rh positive and the mother is Rh negative, the mother can develop antibodies to the baby duing the pregnancy. This is treated by giving any Rh negative mother an injection of medication called Rhogam once during the pregnancy (at about 28 weeks) and again within 72 hours of delivery. Laurie Anderson, RNP  Losing 30 pounds can affect your cholesterol. So you should see your doctor for some blood work. Some people lose enough weight so they no longer need blood pressure or cholesterol medications. But only your doctor can determine when its time to stop taking your medications.  A glycated hemoglobin A1C of 6.0 (5.7-6.4 range) is considered pre-diabetes, meaning your husband has elevated blood sugars and is at increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 15-30% of people with pre-diabetes will be diagnosed with full blown diabetes in 5 years.  I highly recommend you go for follow up. If you can't go to the doctor who did your surgery, then find another bariatric surgeon that can follow you.  Many factors can change your body's need for iron. For example, going through menopause puts women at lower risk for iron deficiency due to the loss of menses. Many times someone starts to take iron supplements and also increases iron in their diet, meaning they eventually get too much iron once their stores are repleted. Here are some ways to decrease your iron intake: If you take a multivitamin, take one without iron Check the label and eliminate foods fortifed with iron (e.g., cereals, energy bars, waffles etc.) Lastly, you can decrease the amount of meat products you eat. The iron in animal foods (heme) is better absorbed than plant foods (none-heme). This article outlines which foods are high in iron http://www.webmd.com/diet/iron-rich-foods Make sure you continue to work with your healthcare provider and check your iron levels so the other problem doesn't come back. Seeing a registered dietitian can also help. You can find one at Eatright.org.  The good news is your HDL is nice and high and that is protective against heart disease. It could be possible that what you ate the day before affected your LDL levels, but by how much is hard to say. It is generally recommended to consume your usual diet for 2 weeks before testing. If it is bothering you, get re-tested after eating your normal diet. For more on cholesterol levels, see this WebMD article.  Anemia is when you do not have enough red blood cells. Red blood cells contain hemoglobin which is needed to carry oxygen to all parts of the body. There are several common blood tests that may be used to diagnose anemia. A red blood cell count can measure the number of red blood cells that you have. Hemoglobin can also be measured. These two tests are included in a complete blood count or CBC . A CBC can also tell the size of the red blood cells. Once anemia is suspected by either a low hemoglobin or red blood cell count, other blood tests may be done to see what kind of anemia you have. By checking an iron level and ferritin, your doctor will be able to tell how much iron you have in your body. Vitamin B12 and folate levels may be checked. These are vitamins you need to make enough red blood cells. Sometimes other blood test will be needed as well. Rarely, your doctor may have to do a test on a sample of bone marrow For more information check out our article on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Anemia.  After age 60 the shingles vaccine is recommended. Shingles is caused by the same virus that causes chickenpox. It's recommended even if you don't remember if you had the chickenpox because studies have shown that 99% of people have been exposed to the chickenpox virus. In other words, chances are you had it and don't remember. So, the recommendation from the CDC is to have the shingles vaccine and no need for a blood test to see if you had the chickenpox.  I have a secondary question that goes along with yours. hope you don't mind me piggy backing on your question. If someone has unprotected sex with someone that has herpes and that person breaks out during the unprotected sex, and then that person who Didn't have it gets a blood test for herpes just 7 days later and that comes back Negative for that person... Is that Conclusive or Does it take Longer to show up in the Blood Test?  YES!!!! I had negative blood and urine test, but I felt pregnant, this was my third pregnancy so I knew a thing or two. I did not have a missed period but I just knew. When Friday came I was three days my period I said ok if this is negative then Im not and my mind is playing tricks on me. Everything was negative both blood and urine. Fine went out bought a box of pads my period would be here Monday and I was over it. Monday came and no period bought a pregnancy test just to make sure and there were those double lines. Called my Dr. she ordered blood work my HCG Levels were crazy high and she had no words. So a woman knows hopfully this helped.  Hi OK your find that most women get a discharge at some time, if its a clear discharge, then your OK. The best time to do a pregnancy test is the first day of a missed period or any day after that. Sorry for your problems. Good Luck  Hi The trouble with trapped wind is it stays trapped, and the longer you leave it the more it hurts. Just please give it a try, it might amaze you just how it works. Good Luck  Hi, This piece on orangs blood was from the UK's NHS. Orange Blood : Bright red menstrual blood that mixes with fluids from the cervix can appear orange with red streaks. Bright orange blood may be associated with infection, so if you suspect this, it is best to consult a doctor. The NHS is the UK's medical service, so perhaps you do need to be retested? Good Luck  Hi having a period and still be pregnant, yes you could be, or it could be just a missed period, it does happen. But wait till you should have you next period, if you miss then do a test, Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi , Orange Blood : Bright red menstrual blood that mixes with fluids from the cervix can appear orange with red streaks. Bright orange blood may be associated with infection, so if you suspect this, it is best to consult a doctor. So as you say, your seeing your doctor in 11 days time, well i9f I was you I would get in there ASAP, tell him/her you need to be seen ASAP. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi Just see your doctor ask to have a blood test done to check your hormone levels ., work it out from there. Good Luck  Hi, Try this, HSV type 1 causes cold sores (also called fever blisters) on the lips. HSV-1 is generally spread by kissing or by sharing eating utensils (such as spoons or forks) when sores are present. HSV-1 can also cause sores around the genitals. So What you have got your find that most of us have. Good Luck  Hi Could be that the sex was so good, its just upset your system, only time will tell, to late for plan B. If things go right, and your not pregnant, get on the BC pill, will save all these problems your now having, or get a good supply of condoms in, and put a couple in each bag you own. Please always remember safe sex is best sex. Good Luck  Hi, OK you say you have depression and anxiety's Yes, you have no tests but you thing that's what you have, Yes, OK then google natural ways out of depression, and the anxiety's bit will also come with it, and just follow one of the paths you can take, there quite simple, and the good thing is, no drugs. In fact you are your own drug, its all down to you. Good Luck  Hi An RSI( repetitive strain injury ) comes to mind, have a look at this link from the Uks NHS, could give you some good advice. The Link, http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Repetitive-strain-injury/Pages/Introduction.aspx You will need to copy into google to open and read it. But also look up CPS ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) this can give the same problems, and could be from RSI. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi At 180 pounds you could with losing 20+ it would help you, something you should think about, and this would make you feel good. OK Have just one beer sip it slowly, and don't rush it, but if you can think Guinness or Mackeson stout see being English these many years ago was given in hospitals all over the UK to help recovery, there rally good for you, but again just the one. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi If you mean his T levels are OK yes there are lots of things that can be the cause of ED even if he is very healthy. Apart from T levels don't really know of any other tests he could have for ED? What's below is a list I have, any one of these or more will give him ED OK what follows, any one of these or more can give him ED (erectile dysfunction). To little sleep. performance anxiety. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Smoking. Meds. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Middle-aged-spread. Self image. Low libido. His general health. Low testosterone and very high testosterone. With meds, its meds for depression, diabetes, HBP drugs and cholesterol, these are some of the really bad ones. Is thee anything on this list that rings bells. if yes just come back through answer this, above. Good Luck  Hi Two posts below may help you , the bottom of the first post brings up some interesting answers, And so do some of the answers of the second one. http://www.healthcentral.com/obesity/c/276918/154412/bariatric-life/ http://forums.phoenixrising.me/index.php?threads/high-b12-levels-and-my-story-not-sure-where-to-post-this-sorry.18810/ I do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi Could be anemia, so found this nice link it is from a cancer site, but gives some info The Link, http://www.cancer.org/treatment/treatmentsandsideeffects/physicalsideeffects/anemia/anemia-in-people-with-cancer Good Luck  Hi here are some sites that may help put your finger on your problem. http://www.webmd.com/women/guide/why-so-tired-10-causes-fatigue?page=2 http://www.mayoclinic.org/symptoms/fatigue/basics/causes/sym-20050894 http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2009/09/05/most-common-cause-of-fatigue-that-is-missed-or-misdiagnosed-by-doctors.aspx OK some things look the same, but they do differ in some ways. Any links you cant link to just copy into google. Do hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi This sounds like the round in your lower back has moved and now pressing against a nerve, that could be the reason your now wetting your self. Good Luck  Hi I would have suggested you throw away the pack and restart with your next period. But you have chucked in some complications, the answer is its your call, its up to you what direction you go in, the problem being you could not tell if you pregnant till you miss you next period, that's the time to test, if you was testing before that's why they were coming up negative. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do is go get a test done at your doctors, see how it goes from there. Depending on how long you have been on depo shot, sometimes if its long term it can take up to 2 years to get pregnant, outside chance, but do get a proper test done. Good Luck  Hi Yes get a blood test, then you will know how you stand. You sat you have been trying since Aug, was you on the pill before this and how long have you been on it, it does take some time for you body to adjust back to normal, its quite a common thing for a women to miss a period, but if you have just come off the pill, this could account for your cramping, coming off the pill was a good thing but have you never read up about how long it takes to get pregnant, if you were on depo shot, then the time scale could be up to 2 years. Hope this helps and not disappointing. Good Luck  Hi, I said at the beginning that the burning is probably a UTI, for this bit you will need to get to your doctor, he will prescribe some antibiotics, this should cure that bit of your problems. Good Luck  Hi Well yes it was you taken to much magnesium, read this link from site, http://www.webmd.com/vitamins-supplements/ingredientmono-998-MAGNESIUM.aspx?activeIngredientId=998&activeIngredientName=MAGNESIUM Look as you cant see your doctor till Monday, in the mean time try taken some cranberry juice, its good for clearing a UTI, who knows by Monday it may be cleared up. Good Luck  Hi Found you this, it may help answer your question. Thrombocytopenia is the term for a reduced platelet (thrombocyte) count. The normal level is 140  400 x 10 (9) / l, but minor fluctuation is common and investigation is not usually necessary if the count is above 100 x 10 (9) /l and the patient has no symptoms. It happens when platelets are lost from the circulation faster than they can be replaced from the bone marrow where they are made. Read more: http://www.netdoctor.co.uk/diseases/facts/thrombocytopenia.htm#ixzz3G3Dk42aB Follow us: @NetDoctor on Twitter | NetDoctorUK on Facebook Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi here's a couple of WebMD links all about HIV, perhaps these will help you calm down and take life easier. http://www.webmd.com/hiv-aids/top-10-myths-misconceptions-about-hiv-aids?ecd=wnl_men_080913&ctr=wnl-men-080913_ld-stry&mb = http://www.webmd.com/hiv-aids/hiv-aids-screening?ecd=wnl_sxr_110613&ctr=wnl-sxr-110613_ld-stry&mb=AiZ3RfN65C9lS2Qn07evdGdEpmNqbUHLQUw2JJuNBSw%3d Do hope these help. Good Luck  Hi, Hope this helps you? chlamydia: 2 wks - 6 wks Gonorrhea: 2 - 7 days Syphilis: 10 - 90 days Hep A: 15 - 50 days Hep B: 45 - 180 days Hep C: 2 wks - 6 months Now you can always get yourself to an STD/GUM Clinic, they will always help you with advice. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK here we go things that will help you are Cayenne, now if you google this cayennepepper as one word, you will find a very interesting site, and if you put cayenne and cholesterol in the search box, the info that comes, it will help you. Also Parsley yes the herb, try this link, the bit you want is just down a bit, http://www.charmainejohnson.com/the-benefits-of-parsley/ You may find garlic will help as well. Those wishing to reduce the danger typically associated with high cholesterol levels ought to consume plenty of fruit, vegetables, wholegrain products, reasonable amounts of lean meat plus small amounts only of satiated fats to be found in Edam-type cheeses, meat fat and poultry skin. Also suitable is garlic (garlic and parsley) which  due to allicine content reduces the amount of harmful LDL cholesterol and, conversely, increase the amount of favorable HDL cholesterol. Do Hope all this will help you. Good Luck Ps, I do take all of the above but for something else, I mix my cayenne in tomato paste, and thin with olive oil, but mix it to a heat that suits you, then you will find that you can slowly build the heat up as you go on, the parsley and garlic, I chop fine a whole head, I then mix this with dried parsley and olive oil, I put one teaspoonful in the top of the cayenne mix, mix it in the top layer, you then take 3 small spoonful's first thing every morning, wash each one down with cold water, and then eat a small piece of chocolate, this help calm it down. Good Luck  Hi, If you google this you may find an unusual answer, but its Garlic and Parsley, I us this mix to help keep my blood clean, in a fight with ED, this come up when I google Garlic and Parsley for ED, also taken Cayenne will help, as this cleans plaque from your blood, get your blood clean should work wonders for you, does for me and ED, also have a look at Green Tea another thing that's very good for the blood. Good Luck  Hi, This sounds very much like carpal tunnel syndrome, when you wake up in the morning's are your thumb and first and second fingers locked up in a ball, and need to be opened, then if so that's it, this is cause by a band the got tighter round the nerves going into your hand, the only way out of it is a small op, its OK your not alone, I've had both hands done. So I don't think its from a blood test. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi With the side effects your getting from DHEA you should come off it. Try taken Tribulus, this and DHEA run along the same line, you could try taken both, see if clears your problems up, but it takes 8 weeks to get to full power. You say your lacking energy, one thing DHEA will do is boost up your energy levels any DHEA your taken should be at first thing when you get up, this way it boosts your own up, our DHEA levels are highest first thing in the morning. Suggest you try this, get on Tribulus and come off the DHEA wait the 8 weeks and see how you feel and whether your problems have gone, and your still feeling good, you will know what to do. Symptom of low progesterone in men are. Low libido Hair loss Weight gain Fatigue Depression Gynecomastia ("man-boobs") Erectile dysfunction Impotence Bone loss Muscle loss In addition, men with low levels of progesterone have a higher risk of developing health conditions, such as osteoporosis, arthritis, prostatism and prostate cancer. And its also dropping your testosterone levels. However, research seems to suggest that in men over 55, progesterone supplementation can increase libido. So men over 55 who have used of  teaspoon of natural progesterone rubbed on the perineum has helped boost sex drive and assisted in erections. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Chlamydia is a very dangerous STD. *Symptoms are silent. 75% of infected women and 50% of men have no symptoms at all. If symptoms are present they can be: discharge from the penis and burning sensation when urinating. Men may experience itching around the penis or pain and swelling testicles. It can cause chronic pain, infertility. There are two kinds of test for chlamydia. One involves collecting a small amount of fluid from an infected penis with a cotton swab. These test are universally available. New tests, which use only urine samples, will be available soon and will make testing much easier and less painful. Treatment: Antibiotics. Usually a single does of axithromycin or a week of doxycycline Has he been to and STD/GUM Clinic if not he should, perhaps they can see by just looking before tests are done, just think this is there field and are well informed. Do hope this helps some, Good Luck  Hi To me it sounds just like trapped wind, you need either some strong peppermints, real strong, or some good peppermint cordial mix strong and drink straight down, and stand back, or go for a good walk, this will bring it all up, it should work. In about 30 minutes should be all over and pains gone. As for hurting while urinating could be a UTI, this you would need some antibiotics for, see your doctor. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Are you sure it was 40? there's lots of numbers bandied around like 150 to 400x10bwhich seems common on most sites, just wondering if they gave you the right number? because 150 is the low end.  Hi Debbie, Have good read through this link, packed with info. http://www.clinicians.co.nz/the-importance-of-zinc/ Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Should help you. Good Luck  Hi Have a read of this link its from the UK's NHS, all about Priapism, it will either help or not. http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Priapism/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Good Luck  Hi try this, you just google this, natural ways out of high cholesterol, your find lots of ways to have a go at, but I will warn you that exercise is a big thing with most of them, even if its light exercise. So do hope you can find some help amongst them. Good Luck  I DON"T EAT OR DRINK ANYTHING BEFORE A BLOOD TEST. I WAS JUST TOLD BY A FRIEND THIS PAST WEEK THAT COFFEE, PLAIN, HAS SUGAR SO IT'S BETTER TO FAST.  A protein deficiency S or C, your body wont fight off Vitamin K, so blood turns to syrup causes stroke, like it did me, I'm on blood thinners for life.  Although home pregnancy tests are relatively accurate, the blood test done at your doctor's office is more sensitive. It is unlikely that you are or were pregnant, especially since you started your period. Even if you had a very early miscarriage, the blood test would most likely still be positive. At this point, there is no way to know why the home pregnancy tests were positive.  I would not recommend taking supplemental iron unless you are anemic or are instructed to so by your doctor. You may want to consider trying a good multivitamin which will have some iron in it. Talk to your doctor about what would be best for you. Taking high doses of iron when not needed can be dangerous, but this would be very unlikely.  .8  you could have a hereditary benign syndrome- I have been told the same thing. As long as your other liver enzymes stay normal I was told not to be concerned.  Have not had a specific blood test yet  Hello!  No...you do not have to fast for a CBC.  The best way to get an uncontaminated urine specimen from a child is with urinary catherization. Getting accurate results from using a bag over the genital area is nearly impossible because of the colonization of enteric (colon bacteria) bacteria on the skin. Not clear if your child is a lttle boy or girl?  My vet requires it for our three dogs. Apparently, the heartworm medication can be toxic/harmful if the dog actually has heartworms.  In America, each state has the right and privilege of setting their own laws or regulations, and this includes regulations related to the practice of medicine, pharmacy, dentistry, or nursing.  Vaccinations MAKE your immune system healthier. Medical provider do not test patients to see if they can take a particular vaccine. There are very few contraindications for getting a shingles vaccine, so I do not know what your concerns might be. Research the vaccine on-line and you will see that many of your fears may be unfounded.  No, there are no blood test. This is a clinical and a pathological diagnosis.  Severe urinary tract infections -- those involving the kidney -- can reveal themselves on certain renal blood tests, or elevated white blood counts on a CBC. Otherwise, a urinalysis is needed, along with a urine culture and microscopic examination.  Based on the information in your posting, it does not seem likely that this would be herpes, let alone a genital herpes. The most likely cause would be a contact dermatitis (how in the world would you get poison ivy here anyway?). It could be some residual chemicals in a laundry detergent, soap, dryer softeners, or even the elastic band of your under-clothing....many things. Instead of Benadryl (which can cause some sensitivity reactions itself), a trial of hydrocortisone may be helpful. There is really no way to medical prove as specific cause if it is a contact dermatitis. Herpes on the skin is painful. It is composed of groups of tiny, water-filled blisters that rupture. The area surrounding these tiny blisters is red and irritated. It can itch, but pain and tingling would be a more common symptom. There are certainly other considerations, so I am pleased you are seeing a medical provider for a hands-on examination.  No. This is not a fasting test.  We use a very accurate and easy URINE test for Chlamydia and gonorrhea called a DNA probe. The urethral swab can still be used but the urine test is easier and less traumatic for the male patient. A blood test can be used, especially if testing for other STDs like HIV or syphilis.  Trying to guess another medical provider's rationale for doing tests is like predicting what my wife wants me to do on my day off. Impossible. A blood test for pregnancy is considered to be more accurate in detecting pregnancy than a urine test, so many providers will do a blood test as a back-up. I have no idea why your doctor would do any prenatal tests if you are not pregnant, but an Rh factor will not change, so perhaps she is just adding it to the blood tests so that you can avoid getting stuck again?? Just a guess. Your doctor is trying to determine why you are spotting, so this is just the beginning of the diagnostic testing.  No. The most common reason for a positive drug test is drugs.  What KIND of blood test? There are many. How much marijuana? It would be best to truthfully disclose your marijuana use to the medical provider who ordered the test so he/she can research this issue.  No, the flu shot 15 minutes before would have no effect on your white blood cell count.  Not likely. Blood tests are "specific". There are really no "normal blood tests". If you or your medical provider have a need to know your estrogen level, it must be specifically ordered.  A skilled phlebotomist can find a vein by just feeling (palpating) it. A visual view is not necessary. Apply a warm compress, and allowing the arm to hang down prior to the blood draw would be helpful, and ask for a phlebotomist that is skilled drawing blood from ! They are used to those tiny, hard-to-find veins.  Based on a list of symptoms alone, there is really no way to blindly determine over the Internet if a person is pregnant or have "something more serious". You will need to have a hands-on examination with your primary care medical provider or your OB/GYN. You will most likely need some diagnostic blood tests or perhaps, even an ultrasound.  Not usually. Assuming the plane-traveller drinks plenty of water (and not alcohol) and is not dehydrated, most blood tests (I don't know what kind you are getting) should not be adversely influenced.  I don't know how your doctors are treating you now (medications?), but if you feel you are not being managed aggressive enough, you can always choose to see a different gastroenterologist. Doctors are really like chefs....they all cook a bit differently.  No, but many times, the medical provider orders some additional tests that may require fasting. When it doubt, call the lab where you will be getting your blood drawn....  No problem. Many times, a diagnosis of "measles" at age three may have been incorrect. Measles is relatively rare in the U.S., so unless you saw a definitive test that PROVED you had measles, getting a vaccine would be appropriate. If you have immune antibodies, the measles injection will not be harmful. If you didn't have antibodies against measles, the vaccine will provide them for you now.  No...there are no blood tests that would determine if you had a stroke or a seizure.  No, Plan B is a hormone. It will not show up in your blood test for mono. Your secret will be safe.  No, there are no blood tests used to diagnose gallstones. Gallstones are typically diagnosed by ultrasound or an x-ray gall bladder series.  Yes, there is a topical, prescription medication called DrySol that you can use on the sweaty areas. This is a potent antiperspirant.  Nicotine clears in the blood in one to two days.  A serum ferritin level is a blood test. It is not very expensive. There are no other ways to determine this level.  This class of drug has to be specifically tested for...it is not automatically included in all drug screening tests. Get a copy of the test and see. If they are testing for benzodiazepine drugs, then it should show up if you are taking it, and your medication is not a fake pharmaceutical. It is not unusual for fake medications, made to look like the real thing, to show up at some pharmacies. Make sure to keep one of them just in case the pill itself needs testing.  Blood tests ALWAYS must be correlated with physical examination findings and medical history -- things that I do not know, so it is best to have your medical provider (the one who order the tests) explain them to you so there is no confusion or speculation about the meaning of those results.  Not a blood test, but a DNA swab from the inside of your cheeks or saliva can determine if you have male or female chromosomes. If a person has a sex change -- surgically and hormonally challenged -- the chromosomes do not change, nor can they be changed. The Olympics uses this type of test to determine eligibility to compete.  No. A positive drug test is still a positive drug test. Urine is used as the standard, not blood.  You have an anxiety disorder, so you will likely worry no matter what I tell you. Unfortunately, it would be impossible to determine the true nature of your recent event based solely on the information in your posting, so you will need to wait until you see your doctor -- someone who knows your medical history and can examine you. If your doctor or cardiologist feels it is clinically important, they can order an "event monitor" where you can record any (future) episodes as an ECG for later review.  This should help you... http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/complete-blood-count-cbc  Call the medical provider and ask why he (or she) did not feel an abdominal or male genital exam was not a necessary part of a "complete" physical. Don't let them get away with it.....The very least, the medical provider should bring you back to do these components and not charge you or your insurance company one penny. There is no excuse for cutting important corners when it comes to medical care.  It depends on the normal blood tests that your doctor orders. As you know, there are thousands of different blood tests. He would need to specifically order a drug screening panel to detect the marijuana use you may be trying to hide.  This early, a pregnant woman may not have sufficient HCG to be detected on those tests, so repeat them the blood test in a few weeks. So, yes, you can be pregnant. If you are having sex, not using birth control, and you and your partner is not sterile, it is only a matter of time before a pregnancy will happen.  That is inexcusable. As difficult as it may be to find a new doctor that is more thorough and responsible, I think you should look around for an INTERNIST. Internists are usually very current with diabetes management, and with patients who have multiple health problems. I am not sure why you are on long-term prednisone, but this can have an association with your blood sugar.  Here is a site that can answer your question more completely: http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/003551.htm  Yes it can, especially if the urinary tract infection results in systemic symptoms (like fever) or involves the kidneys.  well now that you are pregnant i would suggest that you go ahead and stop drinking the redline. if you stop early enough i doubt there would be any damage done but i would not continue to drink it while being pregnant... also if you plan to breast feed just remember that what ever you intake into your body your baby will get it as well through the milk...  See another doctor, anxiety is not fun. xanax would help keep your mind from being over active and help you sleep, calm you down. See a psychiatrist, thats what I did, my parents in denial also. They think seeing a shrink means your crazy, but all it is, is a chemical imbalance in the brain. sambaluk@yahoo.com  Soma or Carisoprodol is a generic drug and is used for the treatment of muscle pain and muscle injury. It is used by the person who is suffering from muscle sprain and pain. You can from chemist shop or online at  Blood testing for chlamydia? I don't think so. Urine and swab testing are the ways to go. ...  YES!!! I take Percocet daily and my doctor keeps a close eye on my liver count. Does your doctor know you are taking pain meds and for how long? The literature you receive with your meds tells you that it can cause liver damage, If he wont listen, I would find a new doctor.  I don't know  Do not worry, just do as your doctors has asked to because they know better the situation and know what problems could face your husband during this period.  Thank you for the response, I don't know if that will work though.. I mean, it's been happening since last monday.. :((  Try dmg sublingual. google DMG for use. good for many ailments. Sometimes referred to as B15 may be effective in some persons possible benefits for ADHD enhancement,, Autism. muscular use . No side effects ever seen. enhances metabolism and may other health related conditions.  Dumb question--ask the doctor that prescribed the med, or ask a pharamist.  It sounds like tha going around I'd definitly get them to the hospitol so theres no dehydration!!!t flu or virus thats  I would definitly take her or take her back to the emergency room and let them do more tests!!!  What I found when I searched your answer was 'floppy eye syndrom' but I'm not sure if that's what it is... I will still mention it to the doc when I go soon. There doesn't seem to be much irritation under the eyelid though... my eye lashes on the more tired side do flare down more like the symptoms of floppy eye. There's no abnormal discharge. My instinct is that it could be Myasthenia Gravis but my PCP didn't seemed very concerned. I'm really frustrated, because I know people see that one side of my face looks exuasted while the otherside looks like it's in shock. Nothing really stood out from the blood tests done at the PCP so I wasn't told to do anything else about it. Should I take it upon myself to set up an appt with a Neurologist? I don't want to keep forking out money to be told things "seem" normal. I don't want to wait for symptoms to get worse and I've waited to this point to see if things would get better. Are their any other eye problems that are similar to MG and floppy eye? Are there better test to request from the eye doc or pcp?  Your period can be irregular . Over-exercising, for instance, can affect your period. So can stress and dieting. If you are young, irregular periods are common. If you are older, you may be starting menopause. If it continues, you should probably get checked by your doctor to make sure nothing else is going on.  You failed to mention your age. That could have a lot to do with your bone problems. And you cannot get a MRI without a Doctors order. If you are seeing your primary care Dr. Ask him if he would refer you to an Orthopedic Dr. for and evaluation. Or second opinion. Maybe her will order your MRI.  The antibiotics should not effect your blood test. They may show up in a blood test. But should not effect what ever your Dr. is looking for by ordering a blood test. By getting the blood test your doctor may find something else. And change the Cipro to another type of medication. If you got an order from the Dr who gave you the antibiotic Cipro to have blood work done. You should have it done.  You failed to say what type of blood test was ordered. And or why it was ?  Yes. Al those greens are a great choice to stick with. Even a little white wine should not effect your occult fecal blood test.  No, I have been chewing for years, and have never found it to show up in a drug test. As nicotine is the only drug in it.  The primary care provider who ordered the blood work-up for you should recommend a neurologist.  I had a small breakout on the end of my nose, but the shingles were actually internal...up my nose, and in my ears and throat.  Hello, I spent the last 3 months having herpes like symptoms and after a series of tests / doctors it was finally discovered that I had an E. Coli infection on the skin around my genitals. It was very painful, caused similar symptoms as herpes, with tingling, ulcers, etc. but easily addressed with antibiotics. I would encourage your doctor to not only test for herpes but to swab for a bacterial or yeast infection as it may be something more benign than what you think it is. Don't get too overwhelmed by what you read on the internet until you have something properly diagnosed. I know it can be months of agony, but hang in there.  For females, the reference range for BUN is 7-24 mg/dL. For Creatinine the reference range is 0.5-1.0 mg/dL  When I was pregnant with my youngest son my test showed no pregnancy.I kept thinking that I was pregnant so I went and got a blood test and it said yes.  Its not likely you have HIV but good for you for being responsible and taking the the first steps. Are you in the UK? Most of the main hospitals have a GUM clinic and they usually offer a counselling service before you get the test know your not alone, if your really scared I would do this just getting it out there will make you feel better. I had a needle stick accident working with street sex workers once whilst visiting them in a house that was not too clean I sobbed for 10 hours knowing that it had a higher than usual chance of having HIV on it but I went to see the therapist and felt so much better. I had something called ART therapy for six wks its a course of HIV meds to block out the virus that you can have if you have been put in a high risk category of contracting the virus that is a very strong HIV medication in a high dose that had toxic side effects, only to be used if you believe your at risk.  I don't know how they test but I kno I heard on the news that it takes 24 to 48 hrs to confirm ebola  normally its better to have the blood test 10 days after having sex to give time for levels to go up to show a positive result. if you do a urine pregnancy test you normally do that maybe a couple days or the day after you missed your period.  are you doing a home test or at a Dr office?  To update her thyroid meds.  That could possibly be HYPER-thyroidism. Can be treated, your doctor is doing the best thing by retesting. If you could fast for the test, that probably would be best. Good Luck  yes, you need to fast at least 10 hr to see what is in your blood stream on average to prevent skewed result.  Sounds like when my bowel was blocked.. 4 days in Hosp. Upper and lower GI, Barium, X-rays, CT showed nothing.. blood work showed nothing at first. Finally colonoscopy found 98 percent blockage and I had a bowel resection and was diagnosed with Chrohns.. This was after 7 years of treatment for IBS. At least I know what I am fighting now. Have lost 50lbs as well.. Best of luck! Knowing is half the battle!  just wondering if he has ever had any problems with his heart. that was the first thing that came to mind when i read your comment. could be something more simple though. i would keep trying to find out what is wrong. i would get a second or even third opinon if needed. :)  I just had these run last week. You do not need to fast.  too much fat in stools, cause by pancerous not working right..she needs to see a Pediatrician..not a FAMILY DR, could also be related to digestive tract issues  Hello there, herpes is one of hardest viruses to diagnose. many people carry the virus in their body but may go months or even years without an outbreak... the best advice i can give to you is to always use protection when sexually active, and whenever you think you might be having an outbreak to see your doctor just in order to be sure.  I am a phlebotomist and a lady has seen 6 doctors in the 2 years time that she has had bacteria coming out of her skin...sounds like this is on the same line of what she has...maybe...you should do a lyme decease western blot test and see if you have any bands...if you have any bands then do study on those bacteria bands and see if this is curable...if it is stage 1 it can probarbly be cured if it has been going on for at least 2 yrs...then it will be alonger treatment and might not be curable...I am not a doctor and I could be wrong...just saying.  I doubt you are pregnant but have you started your period yet or soon????  http://www.israel4u.de/  Unfortunately, you may very well have genital herpes. The medication your ex is taking is most likely an anti-viral medication such as Valtrex or it's generic version. This medicaion only surpresses the outbreaks and makes an outbreak shorter in duration. It does not cure herpes or stop it from spreading to another person. A person who has herpes can spread it to another even when they do not have any current blisters or visual signs of an outbreak. I would recommend getting a blood test. That way you know for sure. Also, remember that each person's body reacts differently to the virus. Some people get outbreaks often and they can be painful and itchy. Others get an outbreak only once every few years and they are mild. It all depends on your body. Good Luck.  A complete blood count includes Hemoglobin and Hematocrit. If they are low then you may have anemia. A doctor may then get more blood to check your Ferritin and Iron levels.  Blood tests on the pancreas and liver can come back normal and there could still be gallbladder trouble. The blood tests just show that the potential problem with the gallbladder hasn't started effecting the other organs yet. This situation happened to me as well. The ultrasound should give you much more info. Good Luck!  My best guess would be that the first time you had your cholesterol checked you you were not fasting. By plates, I assume you mean platlets and those could have been higher because you weren't feeling well. The second time you had these done you were probably fasting or hadn't eaten very much and were feeling a bit better.  So sorry for your loss. I believe you are asking about the numbers??.... The numbers you describe are the level of HCG in your body. The higher the number the farther along you are. Since you had a miscarriage, the numbers are going down....this is normal. Here is a table that physicans sometimes use. On left is how many weeks you are. On the right is the range of HCG (like the number you got) Gestational age THCG (weeks) (mIU/mL) range 0.2-1 5-50 1-2 50-500 2-3 100-5000 3-4 500-10000 4-5 1000-50000 5-6 10000-500000 6-8 15000-200000 8-12 10000-100000 Hope this helps!  Perhaps fibroid tumors.  If you had your period for 3 days you're not pregnant.  No I usually don't  Try taking iron supplements, your levels may be low.  What is considered normal on lab tests may not necessarily be normal for you. Let me give you some background information. The test they usually perform to initially diagnose hypothyroidism is TSH or thyroid stimulating hormone. It has an inverse relationship with your actual thyroid hormone. Think of it as a bill collector. If you don't respond when the bill collector knocks on your door, they will start to knock on your door or call you with increasing frequency until you do respond. The TSH is the bill collector and if your thyroid "isn't paying the bills" aka isn't producing enough thyroid hormone (T4); TSH levels will continue to increase until the thyroid responds or your pituitary (master) gland decides its a hopeless cause and TSH production decreases or stops. The reason for this diatribe is because people get confused when they are told they have hypothyroidism and their TSH is too high. They don't realize the TSH is not actually the thyroid hormone (which is the hormone that will be low in this case). I just want to ensure there is no confusion when your provider gives you lab results. Some providers don't realize that if your TSH is in the upper range of normal, people, and especially women, may still have symptoms. Thus you may want to work with your doctor on getting your TSH down to the lower ranges of normal (0.7 -2 approximately). . The range used to be 0.5 to 5 for TSH. The national board of endocrinology now suggests the normal range be changed to 0.3 to 3 because people are still having symptoms despite being within "normal range". I prefer to keep my TSH around 1 because that's when I feel normal." Everybody is different so that may not work for you. What it boils down to is you are a person, not a lab result; if you have symptoms, tell your primary care doctor. Do some research, write down questions/symptoms when you think of them and talk to your PCP about it. If you do not think he or she is taking you seriously, get a second opinion.  thats normal it is happen to me also heheh don't worry  Is she on antibiotics? Amoxicillan is an antibiotic that can cause rash. It's not necessarily an allergic rash just a side effect. Keep up with the ibuprofen, no aspirin. Keep her comfy and hydrated not with sugary drinks and juices (which are sugary drinks). Water is best if she is not eating try some of the drinks for children that replace electrolytes and have some vitamins. If she has no fever, is eating and drinking ok, don't get too upset. Assuming she has been vaccinated against all the nasty bugs.  Not probably, but you can get to grow your hair at a slow rate. The Main advantage of it is to treat skin and fungal infections. Because of this, monistat promoted for hair growth but not because of any intrinsic properties. Although you can a have permanent solution for hair growth without any loss in the future with "Argan Oil" known as a miracle oil for hair growth and treatment. Because the oil's acidity and vitamins are essential for hair and assist in softening, nourishing and rehabilitating the hair.  What is sloppy eye syndrome?  If you have been diagnosed with high cholesterol problems and are taking lowering cholesterol medicines, that is necessary. However, I should add that medications alone cannot help you much; changes in diet and lifestyle can also help.  I am not a dr but am a cancer survivor. All cancers can cause white blood count to go up. When white count is elevated it means it's fighting an infection or disease of some kind.  Yes, it is possible to still be still be possible.  not sure  I'm not a doctor but my first wife had Lupus..... I would check your kidney functions..... Check your fluid intakes versus your urine discharge  I already posted it negative with infection and it neg for pregnant I already talk to doctor read it. Again please  The test was negative for infection like I said. She already did the blood work and urine test all come back negative.  