If you have had surgery near your penis I would say yes.  it might be more than strep. if you have had it more than 7 days after you started meds, I would go get tested for mono  I would worry if she can't catch her breath. If she shows signs of distress and can't breathe you should take her to an ER or call 911. Otherwise, contact your pediatrician if symptoms persist.  i would get it looked at, i had the same thing and had been in the same type area and i got bit by a brown recluse,,had to take antibiotics if left untreated could cause ROTTING of the area, infection, sick, weak,,and in some cases can be fatal, make appt with dr or if you think you should go to the er  http://www.onhealth.com/knee_pain/page2.htm#what_injuries_can_cause_knee_pain_and_what_are_symptoms_how_is_knee_pain_with_injury_diagnosed_and_treated  I get pains all the time.. I always thought it was old age.  No head lice does not leave bumps or bruising, but depending on how often they bite you an area, it can become sore. If you are worried about lice there is a place in Tigard and Beaverton I believe called Lice Knowing You that check and treat for lice. If it is something you cannot afford at least do buy lice comb from there because their combs are 99% more effective than drug store combs. You can still buy one from the drug store, and if you do not have olive oil or coconut oil buy some, and some plastic shower caps. After that go home and apply alive oil to everyone's hair, make sure you get it everywhere, then put the caps on and either sleep with the olive oil on and wash it off I'm the morning or just put the blow dryer over your head for thirty minutes. Before you wash out the olive oil though get everyone's laundry in the laundry room put stuffed animals in large garbage bags for three weeks or just toss them in the dryer for thirty minutes on high, and vacuum everything.  Also, most store bought products do not actually work. And the bumps and bruises could be an allergic reaction to all the chemicals. I cannot use the store bought products because I get sick and cannot do anything for a few days. The chemicals are really harmful, not only to your hair and scalp but your whole body.  FYI, I saw your original question and the additional information provided in the form of a 2nd question. My initial reaction is that it is probably more important to find the cause of your breathing obstruction than to determine a way of managing the situation once it has already occurred. Not being able to breathe can be very scary and the episode will probably repeat itself . I answered a similar question on WebMD a few days ago that may be helpful (please see the link for the original question and my answer below). http://answers.webmd.com/answers/5053420/not-sleep-apnea-and-not-acid-reflux I think that one of the reasons cited in my answer may also apply as a cause for your chocking event. Although it is reassuring to know that help was present during your unfortunate breathing difficulty, I do not find that striking the victim on the back to be an effective treatment method. Instead, it is suggested that you remain calm (I know that that is easier said than done, but please try-) in order for the throat muscles not to tighten and impede air flow. A good place to start your search for a conclusive answer to the problem is with a visit to your family doctor. Perhaps a sleep study may also prove to be helpful.   There could be a relation between the 2 conditions, but the jury is still out. Although it is difficult to find clinical studies that produced data with convincing arguments of a relationship, internet forums are loaded with individuals who suffer simultaneously from both conditions. Some doctors are writing "Off Label" prescriptions for their peripheral neuropathy patients with medications used to treat bi-polar conditions. Gabapentin is one medication that seems to have a positive result in treating both disorders. Peripheral neuropathy comes in many forms and it not always easily diagnosed. In addition to the Chiropractors opinion, it may benefit you to see a neurologist, have a through physical exam and additional diagnostic testing completed, in order to confirm that you have peripheral neuropathy.   I just saw this question. Even though it's been six days since being posted, I felt that your inquiry required a response. And perhaps other visitors to this site may also have the same question. Yes, a person taking Warfarin who sustains a hard fall should be medically evaluated in a hospital emergency room setting. Falls can cause serious internal bleeding issues for a person being treated with Warfarin. Additionally, the possibility of other injuries to soft tissue and bones should be evaluated in an 88 year old person who has fallen. I recommend that if even if this individual had a uneventful recovery, that the physician who prescribes the Warfarin be made aware of the falling incident. Perhaps that prescriber may want to reconsider whether the individual is a continued good risk for taking this drug. Older patients are at a greater risk for falling and having resultant head injuries. They are also usually more apt to experience drug interactions and experience the medicines known side effects. Warfarin can be a God sent gift for Atrial Fibrillation patients, but those benefits may more than be offset by the potential side effects experienced by the elderly. Based on research studies, it is suggested that patients should consider not taking Warfarin long-term , if they have poor balance with a tendency to fall, a history of a bleeding disorder, dementia, Alzheimers disease, or an age > 75 . Special consideration must be applied to individuals greater than 80 years of age. People after the age of 80 may have a 50% chance of having hardening of the arteries in the brain. This hardening of the brains arteries can cause spontaneous vessel ruptures or ruptures into the brain caused even with minimal trauma. 1 in 3 of these individuals may experience life threatening bleeding into the brain. Another consideration in prescribing Warfarin to the elderly must include the remaining life expectancy for the individual. For example, the remaining projected life expectancy of an 85 year old individual is 6 years. Therefore, the risks of Warfarin therapy for the elderly should be weighed against the potential rewards before prescribing the drug. Thank you for taking care of this senior citizen. I hope that all went well for this person.  I just saw this question. Even though it's been six days since being posted, I felt that your inquiry required a response. And perhaps other visitors to this site may also have the same question. Yes, a person taking Warfarin who sustains a hard fall should be medically evaluated in a hospital emergency room setting. Falls can cause serious internal bleeding issues for a person being treated with Warfarin. Additionally, the possibility of other injuries to soft tissue and bones should be evaluated in an 88 year old person who has fallen. I recommend that if even if this individual had a uneventful recovery, that the physician who prescribes the Warfarin be made aware of the falling incident. Perhaps that prescriber may want to reconsider whether the individual is a continued good risk for taking this drug. Older patients are at a greater risk for falling and having resultant head injuries. They are also usually more apt to experience drug interactions and experience the medicines known side effects. Warfarin can be a God sent gift for Atrial Fibrillation patients, but those benefits may more than be offset by the potential side effects experienced by the elderly. Based on research studies, it is suggested that patients should consider not taking Warfarin long-term , if they have poor balance with a tendency to fall, a history of a bleeding disorder, dementia, Alzheimers disease, or an age > 75 . Special consideration must be applied to individuals greater than 80 years of age. People after the age of 80 may have a 50% chance of having hardening of the arteries in the brain. This hardening of the brains arteries can cause spontaneous vessel ruptures or ruptures into the brain caused even with minimal trauma. 1 in 3 of these individuals may experience life threatening bleeding into the brain. Another consideration in prescribing Warfarin to the elderly must include the remaining life expectancy for the individual. For example, the remaining projected life expectancy of an 85 year old individual is 6 years. Therefore, the risks of Warfarin therapy for the elderly should be weighed against the potential rewards before prescribing the drug. Thank you for taking care of this senior citizen. I hope that all went well for this person.  You may have shin splints. Shin splints are the common name given to any shin pain at the front of the lower leg. Inadequate footwear which includes the wrong type of shoe for your running style as well as using running shoes that are just too old and have lost their support and cushioning can cause shin splints. Increasing training too quickly, running on hard surfaces, on your toes as in sprinting and generally doing too much too soon can increase the risk of shin splints. There are exercises that you can do and resting with alternating between heat and cold helps.  My first thought was low iron but if the blood tests have come back normal, it could be something as simple as over use of asprin or tylenol, As far ast the bruise goes, if it was a deep bruise it could take a while to heal. i have heard as long as a couple months. if the tissue was damaged it would talk longer to heal. Im not positive on this but I hope this helps! :)  YES  Sitting :  I have a friend who had bruises all over her and she never went to the doctor. She passed out at home one day, went into a coma and never came out til she died. She had undiagnosed Leukemia. GO TO THE DOCTOR !  This happened to me a few days ago. Have your problems resolved? How long did it take if so? Can you get an erection now?  Usually, when we talk about a "blood clot in the leg," we're referring to a (DVT) This is a blood clot deep in the leg (usually, but not always, in the calf muscle) that can cause complications such as a pulmonary embolism or stroke. Part of the reason why a DVT is scary is because we can't see it. Only after it begins causing problems do we notice its presence: a red, swollen lower leg. What you're describing sounds more like a . These veins lie close to the surface of the skin and are easily visible. Varicose veins have a ropey appearance and can be painful and cause swelling of the leg or foot. Interestingly, on rare occasion, a varicose vein can actually be a sign of a DVT. For this reason, and because the vein is causing you discomfort, it would be a good idea to have this checked out by your primary care provider. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry to hear about your accident. It's always painful to injure the ankle! Unfortunately, it's impossible to diagnose a broken bone without X-rays. Even in an exam room, a medical provider may not be able to tell by looking if the ankle is broken or not. The fact you can put your full weight on the joint and have good range of motion makes me think it's probably just sprained. If the swelling goes down and the pain decreases, then you can be pretty sure it was just a sprain. The bruising may take quite awhile to clear up, and the joint may be painful for some time. Soft tissue injuries can take awhile to heal completely. If you're still having trouble with the foot after a week to 10 days, then it would be worth seeing a doctor. Perhaps he or she will want to get an X-ray simply to rule out any fractures. Wishing you well!  If your doctor put you on a low-dose aspirin regimen, I would urge you not to discontinue it without your doctor's approval. Your health care provider wouldn't put you on an aspirin regimen unless he or she believed you needed it. If you're experiencing undesirable side effects, like the bruising and bleeding issues, please make an appointment to discuss these with your health care provider, because he or she needs to know that this is happening. Your doctor may want to take you off aspirin, lower the dose, or put you on a different medication altogether. If, on the other hand, you started taking daily aspirin on your own because you've read it might be good for you or help prevent a heart attack or something, then you probably are OK to stop. Going to an every-other-day regimen is a great way to taper off the dose. Do that for a week, then go to every second day for a week, and so on, until you're down to once a week. At that point, you can stop. I want to make a point that no one should self-medicate for heart concerns with aspirin, whether low-dose or regular strength. Blood thinning should be done only under the supervision of a health care provider. Also, when a person is on an aspirin regimen, he or she should be aware of over-the-counter supplements, such as fish oil and Vitamin E, that also have blood-thinning properties. Taking too many (or too much) of these products can cause the bleeding and bruising problems you describe. I hope this helps!  Thanks for providing all the great background information! If several different doctors have told you the blemish is a cyst, then that's probably accurate. A is a pocket of tissue that's filled with some type of fluid. The type of fluid can vary, depending on the type of cyst. Some are filled with fatty acids, while others contain pus. It sounds like your cyst is located within the skin layer, not in the breast tissue, which is good news. Skin cysts are very common and do tend to drain occasionally, as you've described. The fact the cyst has gotten bigger and changed color is a good reason to have a health care provider re-evaluate this. It's possible the cyst needs to be treated by having it drained or even removed. Only your health care provider can say for sure. Cysts are an annoyance, but luckily they're not a serious disease. Good luck to you as you cope with this!  Good question. It's always kind of questionable whether or not to treat a suspected broken toe, isn't it? If the toe is crooked or grossly deformed, then I'd suggest you really ought to see a doctor at least to set it properly. If it's a severe break, a doctor can give you some options for fixing it, ranging from splinting to surgery. He or she also can tell you what long-term consequences you may face from fixing the break versus not fixing it. It also depends a little bit on which toe you're talking about. If you think you broke your big toe, it's probably worth a trip to the doctor because the big toe is the most important one when it comes to walking. If you're talking about your pinky toe and it's not grossly deformed, you might be able to get away with simply taping it to the adjacent toe in order to splint it. Meanwhile, keep the foot elevated to reduce swelling. As long as you're not allergic to over-the-counter pain relievers, you can take them for the pain. Good luck to you!  To be honest, I'd have this checked out. Chronic can be caused by an injury like the one you describe. It's even possible you suffered a small fracture. At any rate, the sooner you have it checked out, the more effective treatment might be at heading off ongoing problems. You don't need to rush to the emergency room, but you might call your primary care provider for an evaluation. He or she might want to take an X-ray just to be sure there's no break. Your provider also can give you more specific information about the prognosis. Good luck to you!  The short answer to your question is: Yes, it could. Did your health care provider put you on a daily aspirin regimen, or did you decide to do it yourself? If your doctor put you on daily aspirin, you should report this side effect to him or her. He or she may want to adjust your dose. If you put yourself on an aspirin regimen, I would urge you to consult a medical professional to see if you really need to be taking aspirin daily. Because aspirin is a blood thinner, it can cause easy bruising and bleeding. Internal bleeding can be a real problem if it happens in the brain. This is why I advise against people deciding on their own to take a daily aspirin. Also, anyone taking a daily aspirin should be aware of over-the-counter supplements that can also thin the blood. These include fish oil capsules, Vitamin E supplements, and a host of other things. If a person takes too many blood thinners, it can cause problems with clotting. Always consult a medical professional about ALL the medications and supplements you take, whether they are by prescription or over-the-counter. I wish you the best!  Sorry you're going through this. Unfortunately, it's not possible to diagnose this problem in an internet forum. You need an examination. This will determine the cause of the bump. Many things can cause a bump like the one you describe. If it's near your teeth, it could be an abscess. If it's in the fleshy part of your skin, it could be a cyst. It could also be something scary, like a cancer. This is why you should see a health care provider. He or she will be able to tell you what to do to treat this bump. The sooner you have a diagnosis, the better. Wishing you all the best!  It's doubtful you could damage a stainless steel plate from a blow that didn't even produce any bruising or swelling. That doesn't mean you didn't aggravate the surrounding tissue or injure a different structure, such as a tendon or ligament. The only way to really tell what's going on is to see a health care provider for a physical examination. Given your description, however, you might also choose to take a watch-and-wait attitude. You can try resting the arm (or avoiding those motions that cause pain) to see if the pain clears up. Sometimes, a little rest is all it takes. If the symptoms don't clear up or if they get worse -- or if by some chance you develop a fever -- then I'd suggest you definitely seek medical attention. Any time symptoms go from better to worse, instead of vice-versa, it's worth a trip to the doctor. Hope this helps!  I guess the safest advice to give you is to call your surgeon's office for some guidance. On the one hand, the bruise-like mark on your lower abdomen doesn't surprise me after a . But the warmness in your legs sounds a bit unusual. In a laparoscopy procedure, three small incisions are made in the abdomen. One of these cuts is in the belly button. Because gravity will pull "old blood" (such as in a bruise) toward the feet, that mark you see on your belly could simply be bruising related to the belly button incision. Why your legs would feel warm is a mystery to me. When you speak to your surgeon or his or her nurse, be prepared to tell him or her when the symptoms started. This will help them assess if the leg issue is related to the surgery or not. Wishing you all the best!  Well, this is an excellent question for the medical provider who ordered the X-ray. If the X-ray confirmed a fracture of the patella (kneecap), then your health care provider should have given you care and/or treatment instructions. Unfortunately, this isn't a question we can answer in a forum like this. Your health care provider will outline all of your treatment options (perhaps including surgery) and you, as an informed patient, will ask about the risks and benefits of each option in order to make a decision that works for you. Wishing you all the best!  You sound like a very tough person with high pain tolerance, to me! It sounds like you did everything appropriately. The injury didn't interfere too much with your ability to play, and then you put ice on the injury afterwards. You could have also applied compression (like an ACE bandage) for extra support, but otherwise it sounds like you did a fine job treating your injury. To answer your question, it could indeed be a soft tissue injury. "Soft tissue" just refers to all the non-hard tissue, like bones. Soft tissue injuries can be quite painful and take quite some time to heal. On the other hand (ha ha) you could have a broken bone and not know it. The wrist and hand contain a lot of bones, and you definitely could have a fracture or chip without being aware of it, especially since you seem to have a high pain threshold. If you keep the wrist wrapped (not too tight - your fingers shouldn't turn purple or anything) for a few days and it's still bothering you, it might be worth seeing your primary care provider to rule out something more serious like a torn ligament or a broken bone. It probably would be wise not to catch any games for awhile, too. You might have to put yourself on IR temporarily. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're experiencing this. It sounds very unpleasant! I'd suggest you get checked out by a health care provider as soon as you can. The symptoms you describe can be caused by a variety of conditions, some of them more serious than others. I'm not suggesting you're experiencing an emergency, but I'd recommend you get this checked out sooner rather than later. If your calf or thigh hurts to touch and is hot, red, or swollen, this could be the sign of a , and you should seek immediate medical attention. Feel better!  Great question! I'm glad it sounds like you came out of this with just a bad bruise. The warmth probably is simply a part of the body's natural healing process. Whenever the body sustains an injury to the tissue, it sends an army of cells to the area to repair the injury. This cellular activity can cause the area to feel warm. If this is what's going on, the warmth should go away within a few days. If the warmness persists, it might be worth having your leg checked out by a doctor, just to make sure you didn't bruise the bone and don't have an infection brewing in there. In any case, if you start to run a fever, then it's time to see a doctor. Otherwise, try to keep the leg propped up and maybe put a little ice on the area. Use a towel between the ice pack and your skin. Leave the ice on for 20 minutes, then off for at least 20 minutes. Hope this helps!  I haven't fallen and hurt my legs at time in the last few months.  To relieve the soreness, your wife should try the RICE method: Rest Ice the sore areas Compress the sore areas with an Ace bandage. Elevate the sore parts of her body. She may also try taking over-the-counter pain relievers (particularly NSAIDs), and doing some light stretching exercises. There are many different over-the-counter pain relievers to select. Ask your local pharmacist to aid in the selection that best fits your wifes age and health.  Medications that can increase blood-thinning properties tend to increase the risk of bruising. There are several prescription medications that can increase this risk, including warfarin, heparin, and Plavix. Over-the-counter aspirin can also have the same effect. There is much caution and monitoring while on these medications. You should consult your local pharmacist to discuss your current medication profile and your increased bruising. Based on your pharmacists advice and if the bruising worsens, you should then consult your health-care provider to make sure it is actually your medication, and not a separate condition, that is causing the bruising.  I don't see why not as long as there are no openings on the nail anywhere, and it is healed as far as cracks ect.  As someone who has a swag back , knock knees and a bad hip at 19...woot the joys of being a competitive athlete in a sport where those things are a 'good thing' ! ... All I can say is if ice and heat and pills don't work and you are worried, maybe go to a doctor? Or see a physiotherapist? You might have something up in your spine. Or maybe tell your dance teacher? Sometimes they have seen enough injuries to tell you if it is normal or not.  Maybe you are running in a way that makes your foot hurt? I'd go to a running shop and get the right shoes for your gait. Or maybe consider going to an orthopedic doctor to get things checked out- you might need to be referred by your GP.  Well if its happening in your lower back I would say that it could be a UTI. Does it feel like you have to pee alot?  I worked at hospital as a Patient Advocate for 13yrs and spent a lot of time in the ER's witnessing the Ortho surgeon's frustration from their patients delay in getting xray's and proper treatment all because of that old adage; "If you can move it, it isn't broken". That is only partially true.  It could be a hairline fracture, or your kneecap may have been briefly dislocated without you knowing it (like when you're sleeping). I have dislocated my knees before, and they hurt like that when either A) they're about to dislocate again soon, or B) they must have popped out for a second in the middle of the night (I'm assuming). I think it's best to just go easy on your knees. Definitely don't kneel; whether it's a nerve, fracture, or dislocation, kneeling will not help! Just move your leg carefully, don't jerk it suddenly to the side, which could make it dislocate again (if that's what's wrong in the first place). If the pain persists for another week, you should probably go to the doctor or a chiropractor. :)  It could be either or. Between my sister and I we had fell down a flight of steps. I badly bruised my tailbone, but she had broke hers. So my advice to you go get it checked out, for your benefit, you'll be glad you did. My sister had to sit on a cushion called a donut.  It depends on the condition of the bruise. Usually It takes about 2 weeks for a bruise to heel. A bruise means broken blood vessels inside your skin. The color comes from red blood cells leaking out of the broken blood vessels. Bruises are caused by deep pressure like an object hitting the skin with a certain amount of pressure. The bluish color comes from the skin metabolizing meaning breaking down the blood cells that leaked out of the broken blood vessels. It shows that your body is healing itself. After about 5 days the bruise becomes a yellowish green and after 10-14 days the bruise fades out.  I have a similar issue. How did/is your problem developing? Have you regained the ability to achieve an erection?  You need to go get checked out this could be very serious  my best guess would be ovulation, it can be very painful at times  There are lots of causes, but I do know certain medications, kidney issues, anti-flammatorys, and alot of alchol consumption can affect this.  It sounds similar to what my mom has, a fungus growing in/under the nail. Hers however, was not tender or painful. She won't go to the doctor for it because she doesn't wear open toed shoes and just doesn't want to tell the doctor "Hey, look at my black toe" because she thinks it would sound insane. As far as I know the doctor can give you a prescription for a fungicidal pill that will clear it right up.   (CONT'D) : It hurts (burning sensation) anytime I bend too far (usually when I try to stand or pick up my son) and has a stabbing pain when I sit a certain way (putting too much pressure on side I landed on) or when I try to shift my body while sitting or lying down. It has even woken me up when I turn over in my sleep. No kind of pain reliever pill or method eases the pain... I've tried multiple medicinces (not at same times) and ice and hot packs and even muscle relief creams and nothing will work. I probably should have gone to a dr right away but I figured it wasn't really that big of a deal cause I was still able to walk... But now that it hasn't really showed any improvement I'm wondering if I should go now or just wait it out longer to see if it gets better.   It hurts (burning sensation) anytime I bend too far (usually when I try to stand or pick up my son) and has a stabbing pain when I sit a certain way (putting too much pressure on side I landed on) or when I try to shift my body while sitting or lying down. It has even woken me up when I turn over in my sleep. No kind of pain reliever pill or method eases the pain... I've tried multiple medicinces (not at same times) and ice and hot packs and even muscle relief creams and nothing will work. I probably should have gone to a dr right away but I figured it wasn't really that big of a deal cause I was still able to walk... But now that it hasn't really showed any improvement I'm wondering if I should go now or just wait it out longer to see if it gets better.  I'm so sorry to hear about your father, and for your loss.  I have the same problem. Don't really remember hurting my leg, but have had an indentation on it for a couple of years and seems to be getting deeper. It is bruised and is always feels hotter than the rest of my leg. It normally dons't hurt, but lately when I walk sometimes I can feel the pull on my shin with slight pain.  Yes. Go back to your doctor to have your foot checked. He or she will have to look at the foot to decide what is wrong. Your foot has 26 bones. There are 5 long straight bones called metatarsals beneath the top of the foot. Each of these ends in bones called phalanges which are the toes. Tendons that move the toes are attached to these bones. Any bruising or swelling in the foot can affect the ability to move the toes by pressing on these tendons. Bruising or bleeding can also spread throughout the foot and up into the toes. Possibilities include a bad bruise, sprain or a small fracture that did not show up on the first x-ray. This is not unusual. Your doctor will decide whether further x-rays or other testing is needed.  Hope this helps! http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/broken-nose  Have her blood tested for leukemia God bless  Hi Just give it time and it should slowly go, not much more you can do for a bruise. Good Luck  Hi This sounds like trapped wind, get some nice very strong peppermint cordial, mix it strong and drink straight down, then stand back, hold on to something, your find out why. Good Luck  Hi Get to an ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Been doing any lifting, moving heavy things from odd angles, because it sounds like a strain, and it can do that, give a real nagging pain, best just take it easy, and slowly it will go. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Been doing any lifting, moving heavy things from odd angles, because it sounds like a strain, and it can do that, give a real nagging pain, best just take it easy, and slowly it will go. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Its a mind boggler, you don't know what you could have done and we cant see it, I think its best you go show your doctor. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, If you mean DVT, then its done with a scan. Good Luck  Hi These are ingrowing hairs, that if you are clever, with a clean needle you can pick them out of the spots, then you pluck them away, OK The reason is because your shaving against the grain, pubic hairs grow downwards? Yes, OK then shave that way, this will stop your problems, always try to use a new or newish razor, and shave it twice, doing the same way and never upwards. Finish with some baby oil, it will make you feel good. Hope this helps you. Good Luck PS Always remember, safe sex is best, don't forget you BC.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi If your concerned, then yes go see your doctor ASAP, please just carry on thinking that way. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I would think your nearest ER would be the best choice, as you may need an x-ray. Good Luck  Hi Then its either back to your dentist or do a trip to the ER. Good Luck  Hi As this pain is now getting worst, I think its time to get either to your doctor or an ER, you should not let this carry on to long. Good Luck  Hi I think it would be best to go see your doctor this could be something of a serious nature. Good Luck  Hi I think it would be best to go see your doctor this could be something of a serious nature. Good Luck  Hi Sorry being English, but I thought all you guys had your own uro? But from what your saying yes get back to your doctor ASAP, and ask him where is your uro appointment and how soon. Good Luck  Hi If this is just under your knee cap, you may have damaged you ligament, you need some help if it is damaged an MRI would tell. some ice packing three times a day, tens treatment and some gentle exercise, would repair the damage, if its that. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Get to an ER you may need an x-ray, ASAP Good Luck  Hi Get to an ER you may need an x-ray, ASAP Good Luck  Hi You may only find the answer if you can get an MRI done of the area, for something to be going on that long. That's if you can get it done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think what ever bit you, just had a good time doing so, you must taste fantastic, that's all I can think of, and your just having an allergic reaction to the bites, either rub some fresh lemon on the area, and again later this will help calm it down, if not some bite cream, and if you have one try a antihistamine, tis will also calm things down. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I would see your doctor, its an outside chance that it could be arthritis or the onset on it. Good Luck  Hi, When you thing about your appendix, its tucked away in such an odd place called Mcburney's point, not a real easy place to get a bruise in. But then somebody else may come along and say I was bruised there. Good Luck  Hi Just take a break for a week to 10 days, your pain will go faster that way. Why your bike riding and doing other exercise, your putting strain on it, just take the break, your body wont mind. When you start back, start slow with the exercises and the bike riding, if you still have pain take a few more days off, its a tricky area to heal, but keep off the pain killers if you go back for exercise, they will mask the real pain, you could end up with more damage, and be off longer. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Trapped wind will only, you must get rid of it, that's why people use strong peppermint, if not get some really strong mints and suck them. Good Luck  Hi, It may be difficult to tell the difference between a sprain and a break. So the best thing you can do is get off tom the ER , reason you may be in need of an x-ray, this way all these are under one roof even if it needs plastering. So off you go ASAP Good Luck  Hi I would get back to were this was done, you may have blood vessel either open or its been tired off during the simple op. But get back ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Just ice pack it 3 times a day, use a cheap packet of frozen peas, these make very good ice packs, just do it for twenty minutes 3 times a day for a couple of days. Wrap it the pack in thin cloth, this stops any skin burning. Good Luck  Hi cant see how the two co-inside with one another, perhaps the something deeper that's giving you your headaches, I would see your doctor over that. But as for the small vaginal tear, just give it a warm sea salt wash twice daily, sea salt will help heal and clean at the same time, just do it till it heals. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Seems you may have got away from having a penal fracture, but for now try icing it, by doing this it will bring in more blood this will help the healing. Just give your penis a break for a couple of weeks, no sexual contact and no masturbation, it will help in the long run. But one thing to keep at the back of your mind, as men we get just one penis, break it you wont get a new one. So please just take a break. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi I take it you mean a bump, well from what your saying, it will take sometime to go down, and the bruise will take even longer, no doubt its going funny colours as it goes up these colours, it will then come down the same way, it may be a couple of weeks. As long as he is healthy he should be otherwise OK Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Picking the area would definitely cause inflammation, so on top of placing oven mitts on his hands, talk to him about the importance of leaving his peeling lips alone. The peeling could simply be chapped lips which is a very common thing in the winter. For chapped lips, I've always used Carmex. Just a suggestion. Hope this helps.  Sometimes deep bruises do not heal if there is damage to the tissue. If you are concerned its something else, you can ask your doctor about it next time you go in for a check up, but I wouldn't worry too much about it for now if you are not in pain.  It could just be a bug bite, like a mosquito or some kind of fly.  Our feet change as we age, and the way you position your feet in your shoes change too. My arches in my feet are gone, so I have to wear inserts. You may just need new shoes, as your big toes are taking a beating from the shoes being too small or perhaps you need a wide shoe versus one that is narrow. Just my thoughts on that.  A deep bruise on your tailbone won't show on the skin but it does hurt really badly and is uncomfortable to sit on for a while. When I bruised my tailbone falling down stairs I was in pain for about a week and a half and couldn't participate in normal activities for the first two days. I did see a doctor who confirmed it was just a bruise, though. It may have just been bruised badly but it could be safe to go to the walk in clinic for reassurance.  NO WAY! It is not worth the risk of giving yourself a bigger pain with that ankle. What I now know is that when an ankle bruised. All those muscles that were able to help you not get hurt before are strained and stretched and if it heals proberly then you might be able to continue same lifestyle. AFTER it has mended. If you make one simple bad move that might not seem difficult. It could. That is when you potentially always have a bad ankle. Really, just sit this one out.  I did the same thing a while back fell exactly on my tailbone, hurt like heck took a few days for the bruise to come all the way in and was incredibly sore and sensitive for a few weeks, maybe a month before really back to normal and I couldn't do any floor exercises for about two weeks either and mine was only bruised not broken.  Hiccups are NOT a symptom of prostate cancer.  Who are you dating? Hannibal Lector? Yes, a bit can cause a deep bruise called a hematoma, and this can form a lump for a while. It should eventually go away as you body reabsorbs the blood in this tissue....and, if your boyfriend bites you again, HE should go away.  If your son is urinating okay, the bruised penis should heal without an lifelong problems. If he is having any pain or restriction in his ability to urinate, it would be good to have his medical provider examine him. In the meantime, cool compresses may help. Every time I see a "girls bike" without those crossbars, I often wonder why only girls (especially girls who no longer where long dresses or skirts) use them. They are much more appropriate for boys....for this very reason.  It probably has gotten better. I am assuming that nail is no longer sore, swollen, or painful, correct? This is called a subungual hematoma -- a pocket of blood that formed under the nail from the injury. In most cases, this blood will eventually be reabsorbed by the body and/or the nail will slowly grow out taking this black spot with it. In your case, the black spot is likely dried blood on the nail bed that cannot be reabsorbed, or is being S L O W L Y reabsorbed. This innocent cosmetic imperfection can last quite a while, so you may have to cover it up with nail polish (I am guessing from your screen name that you are female). Should you ever have a similar crush injury of your nails in the future, the pocket can be removed by a tiny bore hole in the nail (surprisingly painless) when it is fresh. This will improve the pain and reduce this slow healing process that you are experiencing now. The nail can be surgically removed, but that may be a bit drastic.  No, this is not a sign of bruising, but it may be a sign of contact reaction. Since the redness and swelling has occurred in both hands at the same time, there is a possibility that he picked up more than just a sand bag. If he picked up or handled cement, this is an entirely different problem. Cement does cause the hands to become red and irritated. Did he put his handprint into some fresh cement? I think you need to do a little more investigation of a nine-year old boy's day.  She most likely has a hematoma...an accumulation or pocket of blood under the skin. This is just a guess, however, since I have no way of seeing or examining your daughter over the Internet. She would need to see a medical provider for a hands-on examination to confirm this assumption. In the meantime, keep up with the cold compresses.  You need to have your arm by a medical provider....and have an x-ray. Symptoms alone are not sufficient to determine if you have a fracture or not.  The tibia is a weight-bearing bone and it takes quite an impact to break it, however, a person can have an occult or stress fracture of this bone. If this has not improved in a week, it would be wise to consider a hands-on examination and an x-ray. In stress fractures, the x-ray may be negative, so your medical provider may need to get a bone scan if you continue to be symptomatic.  It would not be likely that this one "unwashed" piece of peeled melon would present any type of risk to you or your baby, nor would it be prudent to try and best tested at this point. Just let your OB or primary care provider know about this unlikely incident in the event that you develop any symptoms of a food-borne illness.  I have no way of assessing the severity of your injury over the Internet, nor predict if you will get a subsequent injury. In order to get those answers, you would need to be examined first-hand (no pun intended) by a medical professional, and perhaps, have an x-ray of your hand to rule out a subtle fracture.  I would not suggest that you "squeeze" undiagnosed skin lesions. Unfortunately, it is not possible to make a blind assumption as to the nature of this lump, based solely on your description, so you will need to see your medical provider or a dermatotogist for a proper examination..  One possibility for sudden, excruciating foot pain (usually the big toe is the most painful), would be . Assuming you are not having muscle cramps, a spider bite, or an injury, this possibility would be high on my list. You would need to see your medical provider right away so that you can have a simple lab test. If your medical provider feels that you do have gout, this can be promptly treated and you can get some immediate relief.  There can be numerous medical reasons for bruising, so take any type of supplements at this point would be very premature. The most important step is to find out the reason(s) FIRST. I would suggest that you see your medical provider....have a few basic lab tests....to see if you can get to the bottom of this.  A crush injury can cause some considerable soft-tissue damage and that may not be evident on a plain x-ray, or even on an examination. Yes, fractures can be missed by the person reading them and the radiologist, so repeat x-rays are often ordered. However, if your injury was severe and you are having that array of symptoms, seeing an orthopedist or a hand-specialist may be a logical next step. At has only been three days, so things may still settle down with cold compresses and anti-inflammatory medications, but there is nothing inappropriate in arranging an orthopedic consultation for next week.  If you had this undiagnosed problem for FOUR YEARS, then it is high-time for you to SEE a medical professional about it. A dermatologist may be your best resource. The only way that you can be properly diagnosed is to have a hands-on examination. A posting is not sufficient information to make this important call.  First thing: Get him a stool to stand on if you expect him to lift the seat and stand to pee. Having a heavy toilet seat crush your penis is not a pleasant experience, so he will be a bit overly-cautious for a while. As long as he is urinating okay (no blood...no difficulty staring his stream), the penis is likely fine. Of course, I can't see it, so you need to be the judge whether he sees his medical provider or not. It could have been worse...like getting slammed in a door. Toilet seats hurt, but they are not that heavy. Cold compresses could help, but who really wants a cold weenie! In most cases, just leave it alone and make sure it is healing properly.  There are no studies that show a relationship from a childhood head injury to true autism, but that is something that a neurologist should answer, since there are many different types of autism and not all head injuries are "innocent".  He may have adolescent gynecomastia -- an unwelcomed hormonal gift associate with puberty. This is relatively common, but an embarrassment to boys. Don't get me wrong...teen boys admire breasts, but they don't want to grow their own. You can find lots of information about this temporary condition on the Internet so you both can read it. This condition can last about two years, and can involve both breasts, not just one. There is nothing medically that can be done to stop it, and nearly all will eventually resolve. I have seen thousands in my practice, and only one had to have surgery to remove this breast tissue. If he doesn't want to take off his shirt at home or wear one at the pool, let him. Don't let other siblings or friends tease him either.  She probably doesn't need an x-ray, but she does need a skilled clinician to perform a careful exam. Straddle injuries (and I have seen hundreds of them) can cause some significant injuries, but most are either repairable (some cause hiddle tears or lacerations requiring sutures), or heal on their own. A gentle and kind medical professional needs to look at those girl parts and see what injuries have occurred. What you can see could only be part of the damage. This exam can be done painless, but prepare her for the unavoidable embarrassment of someone looking at her private parts. If she prefers to see a female provider, see if this can be arranged. In the meantime, put some cool compresses on those painful parts and get her some medical care. Don't worry....serious "internal injuries" would not be very likely.  Basically, it doesn't mean anything. Bruising occurs when a blood vessel ruptures under the skin, usually due to trauma. If you are not bruising, you may not be traumatized hard enough, or you are one lucky person.  You need work if you eye get better on it own. If not you need make dotor trip  Not enough information. Age might help  Apparently, Dr. Oz just did a piece about "The Triangle of Death"--that area from between your eyes to just below the corners of your mouth. Most people will have their hands in and around there doing something, either consciously or sub-consciously at least once a day. Pulling nose hair and popping zits on the nose and near the lips can easily lead to infection, including infections that can spread to the brain. I'm not suggesting you did any of those things, but swelling is a common sign of infection.  Normally it has to deal with your nerves if you have struck a nerve on top of your head you could have damaged it. Also it could be migraines, weak migraines, consult with your medical care provider.  Hi! While there is no way someone online can confirm if your wrist is broken, here is some information on that may help you figure out your symptoms. And, check out this information on as well. Please visit your doctor to get your wrist checked out, so you can go back to playing hard with your kids! The WebMD Answers Staff  Because of the age and history of this patient, it's best to seek medical attention immediately to make sure nothing serious is going on. You may want to take her to the nearest ER just to get it checked out and be on the safe side. We hope everything is well with her. The WebMD Answers Staff  What part of your ankle? If you do not have health insurance and can not get an MRI, a place I have been multiple times believe me, I would suggest pulling up multiple diagrams of interior ankle anatomy and really try to pinpoint what exactly is giving you hell. When I didn't have insurance I tore my meniscus in my right knee, and it was very similar to your situation in terms of pain and time. Never had it fixed either even after I got insurance as its a 50/50 thing. Bottom line IMO: If you have been good for 4 years, you just did something to tweak a weakness somewhere. Be easy, pinpoint it best you can, and research further when you think you have it pegged as to what you can holistically do. I try to remind myself of the fact that ancient Gladiators had no surgeons, ice, beds, etc haha. You'll figure it out  If you haven't had any erectile dysfunction in the past and don't have any underlying blood conditions or health problems, I'd say this is likely due to wear and tear from vigorous sexual activity and should heal in a few days. Abstain from sexual intercourse (including masturbation) and if it's really painful, treat it like an injury--possibly ice it if you note any swelling. Should your symptoms persist or alter, contact your physician. If the situation becomes painful, seek emergency care.  You should go have you iron level checked you could be anemic. I bruise easy so easy that I look down see a bruise and wonder what I hit to get it. I am anemic and didn't know till i had my first child. Start taking a multi vitamin.  May be just premenstrual cramps. It shouldn't be related to ovulation so close to starting your period. Ovulation occurs 10-14 days prior to your period. I would recommend you touch base with your OB/GYN, to rule out serious issues like endometriosis or ovarian cysts  Look into an anti-fungal cream from a drug store. If you did not bruise your foot, then you don't have a bruise. I had this on my back and found that it was a fungal rash that I had been treating. It was that ever lurking athletes foot.  If you are really concerned have an x-ray of it. However it is not uncommon to have bruising in the foot just above the toe, and under it. since it is shorter. You probably do have a fracture or at leased jammed. Tape it to the toe next to it for a few weeks, 4-6. if you are not going to the Dr. for an x-ray. It is to late to apply ice to it. That would have helped with the bruising. Keep it elevated when you are not on it. That will help keep the swelling down.  First, that is not uncommon for a 78 year old. As you age your skin becomes very thin. And just a small scrap or bump can bruise it, or even tear it. If they have a lot of bruises. They may be on a blood thinner, or an aspirin a day. Will increase the bruising. Keep antibiotic ointment and large band aids on hand to keep the infections down.  I would not exercise right away. And if you have not had an x-ray of it to make sure there is no fracture. Keep it elevated until the swelling goes down. It may take weeks for the bruises to go away. If you exercise on it now. The swelling may get worse. Suggest you get an x-ray of it to be sure there is no fracture first.  Well you really need to take a pen or permanent marker and draw a circle around the bite this way you can keep track of the swelling and redness if it becomes:  With a muscle spasm if bad enough you can have bruising and some swelling but to me it sounds like when the muscle spasmed it may have ripped or torn a muscle or tended maybe even closed something off like a blood vessel or artery but you are doing the right thing by making and going to the doctor and specialist it my take some time but I'm sure everything well work out great I really hope this helps thank you and good luck to you and yours!!!!!!!!!!!!!;-)  i have two compressed fractures confirmed from MRI and Neruosrgeion/spine I can after weeks short walk and mostly bed rest use a cane. I highly recommend you ask your doctor and your body will tell you major pain at least for me.  could be a possibillity that you may have Iron deficiency  call giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoR  I would think this is a lack of iron in your body. Maybe try a daily vitamin or iron supplements.  Can't help you with both questions, but my husband was often asked if he was on blood thinners because of so many bruises on arms and hands. He was NOT on any thinners, but 4 years later he was diagnosis with Myleodisplastic Syndrom (MDS) which is a disease of the bone marrow where the platelets, and red & white blood cells are produced. Because he is in his 70's, there is no chance of getting a bone marrow transplant. You might recall a co-host (Robin Roberts) on Good Morning America (ABC) was lucky enough that her sister was an ideal match. I just wished that some doctor had looked into my husband's problem of the vast amount of skin bruises years ago. After 10 months, Robin rejoined her show and looks great. Perhaps you're not old enough for this to apply to you, but keep in mind if you have older relatives who bruise for no apparent reason.  I'm so sorry to hear about your attack! I think you should see a doctor. You could have internal bleeding or kidney damage. I am a high school teacher, and I have had students who've been beaten up require medical treatment for internal bleeding and kidney damage. I hope you're OK.  shoes!  You could. Find an artist that's going to be comfortable doing it first, it's not that much harder than tattooing of normal skin but some people may not want to do it.  I had the same problem with my thumb and 2 fingers next to it. It was caused by a blood clot. they dissolved the clot and the two fingers cleared up rapidly but the thumb hasn't cleared up yet. I will have to go back to be checked for another clot or possibly gangerine.  Rod, when I was a preteen boy, we rather than be caught riding a girls bike...and the crossbar was perfect for giving girl or a friend a ride home from school. It's a shame present day kids are growing up in such overprotective, little fun but "safe" times. Little wonder the kids are growing up as couch potatoes. And don't get me started on the removal of diving boards from swimming pools. Poor kids!  It is the outside area of my ankle near the ankle bone itself. I have had some mild pain throughout the years, but nothing like this. I have been keeping it wrapped, applying ice and taking a anti inflammatory. Hoping it starts to feel better soon!  There is not much in the means of expediting a bruise but you can take ibuprofen to reduce the swelling. Also eat foods that are higher in l-lysine (amino acid) because it helps your body absorb calcium and obviously drink milk. I did those three things and it helped me get back on the basketball court in 2 weeks from a hairline fracture on my elbow.  swelling from ankles to knees till my lower legs are wider then my knees,  bruised knee takes longer to heal than other bruised area. if the pain isn;t severe then rest. otherwise talk to your doctor to see if you injured the joint/bone  usually if it is dislocated, chiropractor needs to place it back in place then put a cast or something to immobilize it to heal it properly. you probably need a x ray then the doctor would decide after seeing the result. if it is dislocated and you do nothing, it can heal but may be misaligned.  u are not alone.my mother and I and other members of my family get them on their arms. it started as we got older. we don't know why they are exactly perfectly circular but I think as we age our skin thins and we bruise easily.a bruise is just bleeding under the skin. if u find an answer to the perfect circle id like to know.  my aunt has them to and she had to go to the hospital because it was a blood clot in her leg so yes be worried  go to ER  Use Arnica its a gel that can be applied to bruises and can be purchased at the health food store.  Are you a diabetic? if so you need to be seen by your medical provider immediately as this is a sign there is no blood flow to the area which is common with diabetics. I am a diabetic and was told to examine my feet regularly. even if you are not a diabetic I would get your toe checked out and ask about a diabetes screening too. Hope this answer helps you.  If you start experiencing pain in the same region as the sores I would suggest making an appointment with your doctor ASAP. The sores could become infected and may require hospitalization. If I was in your position, I would more than likely visit the ER. Just my suggestion. Good luck.  if you still have some symptoms you should see a doctor, i also recommend seeing an insectologist, sometimes they take a test to see what bite you, do not think of mosquito bite that simple , and for the next time do not try to irritate the bitten place with rubbing it to much. here are some good tips  soak your foot in epison salt and hot water(hot enough that you won't burn yourself) 3 times a day, the red spots are probably small broken blood vessels. when your not soaking rub mineral ice and wrap in ace bandage you should be good to go in week or so.. and you should take some ibuprofen 2x a day as well.....if no improvement go to doctor you probably have circulation problems  You need to go to the doctor for this. You may have a clotting issue which could be serious. Please make an appt with your doctor.  Taking him to the ER might be a good idea. My brother played football and never reacted like that after a bad/hard tackle, if you don't want to go to the ER at least consider a walk in clinic.  You probably broke your tailbone I've done the same it really hurts but is not serious but call your doctor just in case ??  Short answer: Unfortunately, you can't. Make an appointment to see your doctor and get an x-ray so that they can provide you with appropriate treatment(s).  YES, most definitely! Especially if there is no reason as a bump, or hit to your body that would cause a bruise. Anemia is associated with bruising, but your symptoms seem more serious. Vitamin C supplements help thicken the skin, but need to be taken in large doeses. Personally I took 3000 mil. daily until symptoms disappeared. Time released vitamin C taken morning, noon, and night, daily with offer results within 30 days.  I broke and dislocated my pinky finger a couple of years ago and I can tell you it took a long time for the injury to heal because we use our hands for everything. But with time I am able to still use my hand and the pain is gone. Splint the finger and keep it on for a while  Purpura are usually smaller and more purple in color. Bruises are generally yellowish/brownish in color. With purpura, you will usually have multiple and they are raised. Hope this helps.  Considering you had your baby in February, I am assuming that your placenta was removed shortly therafter. If so, it is quite a few months afterwards so you shouldn't have any bruising. You would have notice bruising shortly after having your placenta removed. Since you have the bloating, I would follow up with your physician.  I suggest you get a blood test for him. My daughter had similar symptoms that were attributed to "bruises" for normal play (she was 3 at the time). Her bruises first appeared on the shins and seemed to stay in the legs. She also got Pitikia (tiny red spots that are broken blood vessels) on her chest and stomach area and after about the 3rd day she got blisters in her mouth that looked black (like blood blisters). A blood test revealed she had ITP, a blood disorder- low platelet count. Her case was an acute (one time) situation but she was monitored with blood tests for 6 months. Her case was severe requiring a hospital stay and medication to increase her platelets. I'm not a doctor just a mom with this experience. Her symptoms were minimized by doctors until they got the results from the blood test and then they had me rush her to the hospital. Better to be safe then sorry- I suggest you request a blood test.  I would talk to your Dr. maybe something else going on.  if i touch it it hurts even worse!!! I woke up a lot last night because it hurt so bad  I've had DVT and it never presented in such a manner.....however, I'm not a doctor, so am not sure if that sort of pain could be DVT or not. I doubt it seriously though. .... I've never heard of DVT presenting like that. IMO it's more likely muscular. If it persists, see a doc.  Either you banged it and it is bruised, or there can also be a fungus under the nail. Best thing to do is consult your PCP to be sure. Some fungus medicines effect your liver, therefore it would be wise to consult a physician before you use fungicidal medicine.  MIGRAINE SEE A DOCTOR. Do You GET NAUSEA, LIGHT BOTHER YOU, HEARD TO SEE  Bleeding from the fractured bone and surrounding tissue causes the fractured area to swell. This stage begins the day you fracture the bone and lasts . Between 2 and after the injury, the pain and swelling will decrease.  i would be worried if the pains and bruisis were big and reall painful my advice will to ask you docter :)  if the bruising is getting worse you need to go to the doctor and make sure that is not a blood clot and or it could be a busted blood vein which will never go back to normal  Yes  Use ice to reduce swelling as soon as possible If no improvement in 1 wk see doctor,may have damaged sac under knee cap.  arthritis on-set  