No  WHAT CAUSE'S A CRUSHING PAIN IN LEFT SIDE OF CHEST UNDER BREAST?  Sounds like exercise induced asthma. I've never had asthma in my life but after recovering from a cold I was exercising and had an asthma attack. My doc prescribed a rescue inhaler for me and I've been fine since. Just be careful that it's not something more serious like a heart attack. But sounds like asthma.  I would worry if she can't catch her breath. If she shows signs of distress and can't breathe you should take her to an ER or call 911. Otherwise, contact your pediatrician if symptoms persist.  It may not go away permenatley, and could be a fungal irritation, any warm wet place can grow it. I do how ever know that if you go to your local pharmacy and ask for an anti fungal power, take it home and use it TID,,three times a day, or as needed, and always dry very good under your breasts after a shower or excessive sweating, and apply the power, it will relieve itching,,also you may ask your Dr about Nistatin power it is a prescription anti fungal power and helps very well,,  YES!!!!  Sorry about those random topics. I thought I unchecked vision and salad.  High blood pressure (hypertension) causes heart disease, which might explain your chest pains, shortness of breath, and fatigue. When the heart is unable to pump blood efficiently, shortness of breath occurs as does fatigue. Fatigue is also a very common side effect of many medications used to treat high blood pressure. Nosebleeds can also be caused by hypertension. High blood pressure causes blood to leak out of the tiny blood vessels in the nose. Unfortunately, most people who have hypertension do not have symptoms. That is why hypertension is called the silent killer because the seriousness of this disease is not appreciated until hypertension has done damage to organs. Your symptoms warrant immediate attention from a doctor. It is very important that your blood pressure be adequately controlled and that tests be done to evaluate your heart.  Hi there, I have pains like that all the time. I went to the emergency room, they ran all these test and told me that I have a strong heart , and that they were muscle spasms -__- and told my to take Tylenol. It didn't make any sense to me, I don't believe to be muscle spasms, so I just went with it. I still have them but I just pay them no mind. So I recommend just going to get it checked out and see what they tell you.  I had a blockage when swallowing food, that resulted in severe pain. That turned out to be Schatzki's Ring, a narrowing of the opening between the esophagus and stomach. My food was literally getting stuck at the lower part of my esophagus. Your problem may be this or some other issue, so please do not assume this is automatically the cause of your problem. Hiatal hernias can also cause such problems. If you experience pain, from this blocked feeling, I strongly recommend you see a Gastrointestinal Doctor for proper testing and diagnosis.  Hi, if you are out of shape I wouldn't worry. You will expierence pain in your chest and sides because it is new.  Hi - I had anxiety & panic attack for over 25 years. One of the things that I found that really did help me was to do "reality" checks. I would ask myself questions that I could easily answer - things like - where am I, what am I wearing, (if out) - where am I going and what do i want/need to do?  I have the same symptoms. I feel its closer to the bronchitis side of things because of the clear mucus I cough when I am not riding. I am able to comfortably take my heart rate over 160, but I still have a cough which lasts for weeks after an upper respiratory tract infection (generally also involving the sinuses. I also get the odd drainage from my sinuses after/during a hot shower, for example, which seems to clear them.  I get this too. Its due to the high salt/urea level of your sweat. Assuming it irritates your skin, but the irritation is in areas like armpits and groin, using a barrier/anti chafing cream (just mustnt be water soluble) will reduce the irritation to the point you may not get a rash).    Gas  One possibility: In my 20s I had chest pains. My doctor asked me about my caffeine intake. I drank at least one Pepsi a day at the time plus some tea. I cut out the Pepsi and the symptoms went away.  Let me answer your question directly. . Of course you may be influenced by friends, family and significant others who may have other opinions on the subject. While it can be beneficial to discuss the issue with this inner core circle of caring individuals, (I enjoy hearing the pro and con arguments)  Let me answer your question directly. . Of course you may be influenced by friends, family and significant others who may have other opinions on the subject. While it can be beneficial to discuss the issue with this inner core circle of caring individuals, (I enjoy hearing the pro and con arguments)  Let me first answer your questions directly. Of course any infection can ultimately be threatening. But pericarditis is generally treatable and cureable .The pericaidum is a 2 layered sheath that covers and protects the heart from infection and maligency. Pericarditis is inflamation that has occured to the percardium. It may be the result of viral or bacterial infections within the body that have infected the pericardium. The course of this condition takes up to 3 months for resolution. Treatment typically consists of analgestics such as motrin and possibly antibiotics. In many cases, pericarditis clears up after the (up to 3 month) treatment has ended and never returns. Unless you have left out some complicating detail; pericarditis typically runs a predictable course towards wellness. At 17 years of age, your girlfriend can probably handle the details of this condtion. It's really not that awful.In my opinion, she should not be kept in the dark. Perhaps talking to your girrfriend's doctor would be helpful. Do not attack the parents or complain about the silence to their daugter about her condition. That individual may be able to encourage the parents to share the details of the illness with the patient who deserves some honest information.... your girfriend. Now please stop worrying. While there is no guarantee, I feel optomistic about your girlfriend's recovery.  I would show a respectful and calm concern over my ER visit and its resultant findings. Three (3) medical conditions were uncovered as follows: ER's can be wonderful in stabilizing patients and coming up with a preliminary diagnosis. But unless life threatening situations cannot be resolved, most patients are sent back home to follow-up with their medical professional. My suggestion is to see your primary care doctor and report the ER findings. Your doctor may want to run more testing, prescribe medications, or refer you to see a cardiologist. Periodically we'll hear on the news of a basketball player who collapses dead while running down the court. Just like you, they were supposed to be in excellent physical condition. Don't let that happen to you; make an appointment to see your doctor sooner rather than later.,  Yes, it is possible that you had a heart attack. Undiagnosed heart attacks happen frequently and can be serious. Some studies suggest that up to 25% of all Myocardial Infarctions (Heart Attacks) are of the "Silent Type" where the heart is damaged by a lack of oxygen. Women are especially prone to "silent heart attacks". This type of heart attack may present with symptoms less dramatic than those as described in the "elephant sitting on my chest" variety . With vague or even no symptoms occurring, the heart attack may be overlooked and picked up later on EKG studies. Some of the symptoms as you described happening two weeks ago fit with those seen in "silent heart attack" victims (chest pain and weakness). An acute myocardial infarction can lead to chronic heart failure where swelling of the ankles is a common symptom. A second heart attack may occur bringing with it even more heart damage. My suggestion is to notify your medical doctor of your chest pain and swollen feet and ankles. Your current symptoms and the recent unsettling medical event deserve to be professionally assessed. If you feel like you may be having a heart attack or cannot talk with your doctor soon, then a visit to the hospital emergency room is justified. Minutes save lives and you may not get a second chance. With even a remote possibility of your having had a heart attack, It is better to err on the side of caution and see a doctor.  Chest pains and newly acquired fatigue can be serious symptoms resulting from medication side-effects. You are taking the following medications: Benicar is prescribed to treat high blood pressure, Synthroid is prescribed to treat hypothyroidism, and Simvistatin is prescribed to treat high cholesterol levels. Your symptoms may be unrelated to medications, but I don't take much stock in coincidences. Your statement of, " My health has actually seemed to get worse after starting these meds" is quite telling. Most all medications come with potential side effects including the three that you're taking. Additionally, some medications may interact together and cause serious medical problems. For example, I have read that sometimes Benicar and Synthroid don't work well together. Here are my suggestions: - Call your doctor and explain what is going on. If you cannot talk with the doctor soon, then discuss your physical symptoms with your pharmacist. If all else fails, a hospital emergency room evaluation is justified, - Do not stop your medication until you notify your doctor of your symptoms, - Start keeping a journal to tract exact times of when you take the medications. Also document the exact times that you experience the health issues and list activities that you are engaged in at the time of feeling uncomfortable.  It's can be tough diagnosing an itchy body. Hives are red, itchy welts on the skin and may be caused by various allergic agents and even nervous conditions. Treatment of hives is directed at removing the source of the offending source. I had a generalized body itch, took the same course of action as you, and eventually broke down and was seen in a walk-in medical clinic for professional help. My symptoms were mostly limited to feeling itchy from head to toe with only a faint trace of a skin rash. I though that I had considered all possible causes including bug bites and new products entering my body such as foods, beverages, soaps, and medications. I also noted that my wife who shared our common bed, was free of the same symptoms. Obviously, I was not contagious. In my situation, the hives condition was caused by an oral ant-biotic that I had already taken for 5 days. Since I had previously taken this same anti- biotic in the past without negative consequences, and didn't immediately see a reaction to the current treatment regime, I mistakenly excluded the anti-biotic as my allergic source. In my case, I was given an injectable dose of corticosteroid, prescribed Prednisone and directed to terminate the offending ant-biotic. In your case, after 3-4 days without resolving the issue through hydro cortisone and antihistamines, it's probably time to see a doctor.  It means that you should not worry, but instead; have a discussion with your family doctor. Scoliosis is a curvature of the spine (usually of the sideways variety). Its occurrence most frequently is noted through casual observation during a young person's growth spurt. It is then that treatment may be suggested based upon the prominence and the degree of curvature.Those treatments may include exercises, brace supports, and surgery (which is reserved for the most severe cases). One of the imaging tests that is used to verify its diagnosis, and to follow the progress of scoliosis, is the x-ray. Routine chest x-rays may detect other conditions for which the test was not intended. The reader of the x-ray will reports all findings observed. For example, I had a spinal x-ray in response to back pain which revealed through imaging of the bones that I had severe anemia. Summary If this x-ray was for a young person that is still a teenager, treatment options may be discussed as mentioned above. If the x-ray is for an adult, the degree of spinal column curvature is most likely minimal and treatment is not necessary. I hope that this answer has been helpful.   A tumor is a growth. Therefore, a Lipoma is a tumor. It is a growth composed of fat cells. The vast majority of Lipoma tumors turn out to be benign and require no treatment. The malignant counterpart to a Lipoma tumor is Liposarcoma and requires treatment. Some patients and their doctors feel that all Lipoma tumors should be excised to ensure the tumors being benign through a pathological examination. Other reasons for removal include aesthetics and possible intrusion on adjacent muscles and nerves. I recommend that you have a surgeon familiar with Lipomas to confirm that the tumor is benign. Most doctors can differentiate a begin Lipoma from a malignant Lipoma by simply palpating the growth. I also recommend that at a minimum, to have the growth biopsied.  Diagnosing your medical condition will require a through patient interview detailing past medical conditions, confirming when symptoms first appeared, family history, age, sex, medications being taken, pain quality (describing your pain as burning after eating may suggest a gastric type of disturbance), and a physical examination. It can be a time consuming challenge to both you and your medical professional to eventually come-up with an accurate diagnosis. One point to note is that some pain can be characterized as "referred pain". That is, pain originating from one anatomical location, but causing pain in another location. A differential type of diagnosing technique may be employed and require more blood studies, cardiac testing, C.T. Scans, X-rays, and other testing. Some common disturbances were addressed in the emergency room, but a boatload of other possible medical conditions still remain. Upper right abdominal pain can be caused by many medical conditions including: Your symptoms will require the painstaking investigative work by a competent and methodical physician. One- by- one, all possible causes must be eliminated until only one remains.   Youve already taken the 1st step in overcoming your negative response to anger. You're admitting the problem. Hopefully that acknowledgement of a problem will propel you forward. Perhaps some of my thoughts as follows will assist your efforts: Identify the cause of your displeasure - Keep a journal and annotate what triggered your anger and the resultant self-abuse behavior. Were you feeling frustrated, disappointed, powerless in efforts to have what you wanted, resentful or angry at others, etc.? List the feelings that you had before and after the angry outburst occurred. For example you may feel afraid of yourself, may have felt embarrassed, or felt like you might be arrested, placed in a hospital for your own protection, or feel like you wanted to harm someone else. Many episodes of self-destructive behaviors are a result of some type of irrational fear. For example some individuals may feel like they are No Good, nobody cares about me anyway, or that things will never change. It is helpful to identify those fears and confirm to yourself that they are irrational. Review the causes and irrational fears as outlined in your journal. Set up positive alternatives to your self-destructive behavior. For example scream in a private place, cry, talk to others, listen to music, and most of all promote self-esteem by reaffirming to yourself that you are a valuable person. This problem will not just disappear. Ask friends, family, church clergy, school officials, or your physician for help and guidance with a confidential problem. Join an anger management support group. Many times these groups are run in an anonymous fashion. Sometimes just listening to others who have had your same feelings; and having a forum for you to express your feelings, can lead to improvement of your condition. If things become too overwhelming and you feel like hurting yourself or others, it is time to seek professional treatment through counseling and medications. Best wishes for a productive journey in feeling good about yourself and in experiencing a joyful life.   Youve already taken the 1st step in overcoming your negative response to anger. Hopefully that acknowledgement of a problem will propel you forward. Perhaps some of my thoughts as follows will assist your efforts: - Identify the cause of your displeasure - Keep a journal and annotate what triggered your anger and the resultant self-abuse behavior. Were you feeling frustrated, disappointed, powerless in efforts to have what you wanted, resentful or angry at others, etc.? List the feelings that you had before and after the angry outburst occurred. For example you may feel afraid of yourself, may have felt embarrassed, or felt like you might be arrested, placed in a hospital for your own protection, or feel like you wanted to harm someone else. - Many episodes of self-destructive behaviors are a result of some type of irrational fear. For example some individuals may feel like they are No Good, nobody cares about me anyway, or that things will never change. It is helpful to identify those fears and confirm to yourself that they are irrational. - Review the causes and irrational fears as outlined in your journal. Set up positive alternatives to your self-destructive behavior. For example scream in a private place, cry, talk to others, listen to music, and most of all promote self-esteem by reaffirming to yourself that you are a valuable person. - This problem will not just disappear. Ask friends, family, church clergy, school officials, or your physician for help and guidance with a confidential problem. Join an anger management support group. Many times these groups are run in an anonymous fashion. Sometimes just listening to others who have had your same feelings; and having a forum for you to express your feelings, can lead to improvement of your condition. - If things become too overwhelming and you feel like hurting yourself or others, it is time to seek professional treatment through counseling and medications. Best wishes for a productive journey in liking yourself and in experiencing a joyful life.  You should not be experiencing "hurting sensations" in your sides or chest after two months of having experienced "Dry Heaves". Dry heaves is the sensation of feeling nauseous, but being unable to vomit. It may be the result of a nervous condition, overindulgence of food or beverages, morning sickness, and many other reasons. This disorder can be very uncomfortable, but is usually only a temporary disturbance. When the symptoms are not resolved on their own within a day, a doctor should be consulted. Some results from the retching can include: brain pressure, torn muscles, rib trauma, dehydration causing electrolyte imbalance, aspiration of food into the lungs causing aspiration pneumonia, and blood vessel ruptures. A specific side effect observed with "dry heaves" is a condition called, Mallory-Weiss Tear. This tear in the mucus membrane of the esophagus , may require emergency room treatment due to internal bleeding and possible inpatient hospitalization. I've given you some ideas but am not a doctor. After two months of having uncomfortable feelings, do not delay in making an appointment with your doctor. This person has the medical training, knowledge of your medical history, can ask you questions, and can perform diagnostic testing.  If it is shortly after you eat, it sounds like gas bubbles. try drinking a soda to burp... it usually helps me  It's best to speak with your folks and make an appointment with a doctor. There's really no way to tell what's at the root of these episodes without having answers to questions such as past fainting spells, previous heart surgeries, heart murmurs etc A physical exam, blood tests, and imaging of your heart can help pinpoint the cause. Your age would make one wrongfully assume this is not serious. Yet, heart diseases such as valvular problems, congenital heart disease, pathology causing irregular heart beats can and do occur in young people. These and other conditions that cause palpitations should be addressed. And if you've had fainting episodes in the past, you should be evaluated early.  Fever isn't necessarily a bad thing, its a sign that she's fighting an infection. A temperature of 105 F is high in anyone. And, a fever will only contribute to her misery and put her at risk for dehydration. The first step is to make sure she gets plently of fluid. Ibuprofen, acetamenophen or aspirin can help improve how she feels. Check the labels on the medications she's getting since you want to avoid excess dosing. Many cold and flu remedies contain many of the same ingedients as these pain relievers. If these simple steps don't help, I'd suggest taking her to the local urgent care center.  I like you have suffered from anxiety-panic attacks since childhood.I sought help in my mid twenties and my like is wonderful now. Xanax has a generic version called alprazolam that only costs a couple of dollars a month. Go to a doctor or clinic and explain your condition and get some help.I did therapy and it was rather expensive,so at the very least get some Alprazolam and see if it will make you feel much better.good luck,don't wait.  No, it is not normal. Have you had your blood pressure checked recently? Do you have any edema (swelling) in your legs? I think you need to call your doctor as soon as possible.  I was told I had Pleurisy after I ended up going to the hospital. I was having terrible pain in my shoulders (stabbing feel) when I would breath in. This was over a month ago and after I went to the hospital, I followed up with my doctor a week later. To this date I still have the pain in my shoulders. It will go from one side to the other in days, this happens when I wake up in them morning. I do not have chest pain any longer. How long will this pain last. I also have notice I have no energy. Where, I work I have to bake, run the resister and run the carry out. So, I lifting some heavy boxes and reaching on top of shelf for boxes. They did put my on a Z-pak and predisone and proventic hfr. After, that my doctor would not refill the predisone, she gave me Indomethacin 50mg cap. This medicine makes me sick to my stomach. I don't have any insurance. I already have a 3000.00 bill from the hospital. Is, this normal for my shoulder pain to still be there(of course it not as painful as it was when I first went to the hospital, it just more stressful now to deal with this everyday. Thank you in advance for your help. Sincerely, Carolyn Barrett Carolyn.bray@yahoo.com  Hello, I understand what you are going through. My Grandmother's boyfriend has your problem. I would advise seeing a Doctor first, and if he wants you to get tests done then go to a hospital. Good luck.  Ok, you are having hair on your chin and Acne also, then it means you are suffering from Hirsutism in which excess growth of hairs on the face or body are normal.  I am sorry you are going through all of that. I know that blood pressure can be hard in people. I'm not a doc or a therapist, but I will say that if you want to get out of this you will want to have less stress, and think positive! Stay strong and go on!  It could honestly be anything. There is a high chance it is painful anxiety, there could be inflammation or even something to do with your posture. I used to continually get pains in my arm and occasional backache, once I sorted out my posture and weight (I was slightly over weight) and fixed my bra size everything eased.  ... No one really knows the cause of SIDS, but statistically it has been linked to babies sleeping on their bellies and babies who co-sleep. If you and your baby are falling asleep with your baby on your chest, then you are definitely in the high SIDS risk catagory. Although some babies are more comfortable sleeping on their bellies, you should be able to retrain him to sleep on his back, in his own crib by utilizing a tight swaddle and being consistent. ...  I would recommend that you visit with your doctor before starting an exercise routine and to fill out a Physical Activity Readiness Questionnaire (PAR-Q), such as one found here: https://www.cmich.edu/fas/ras/urec/Memberships/Documents/Par_Q.pdf. The second question asks if you feel pain in your chest when you do physical activity, to which it suggests that you meet with your doctor. You may be able to do exercise as long as you start slowly and gradually build up or you may be restricted with the types of activities that you can do. You doctor will work with you to diagnosing any problems and guiding you with how you should approach physical activity.  Deciding to exercise when youre sick is a judgment call that you will have to make. I found an article that may give you some good guidance, however, located HERE . Basically, it depends on the illness, the symptoms, and your personal comfort level. If you do pursue exercise, I would suggest to start by decreasing the intensity, duration, or frequency until you reach a level thats appropriate given your illness and symptoms. Also, be sure to allow for ample time for rest and recovery.  Deciding to exercise while youre sick can depend a lot on your illness and your symptoms. To be honest, the answer to your question often depends on who youre asking, since there really doesnt seem to be a clear consensus or agreement. I personally feel more often than not that its best to take time to rest and recover from your illness before continuing with exercise. My rationale comes from a physiological standpoint. Basically, exercise can put a lot of stress on your body, and your immune system is the only way that your body fights infections and pathogens that make you sick. When you exercise, youre devoting some of your bodys resources towards recovery from exercise instead of recovery from illness. In some instances, exercise may even make you sicker or even prolong your illness. You also have to consider how comfortable you would feel while exercising with some of your various symptoms. Medication may help alleviate some symptoms, but otherwise how would you feel trying to go for a run if youre congested or have a persistent cough? If you choose to exercise while sick, you should consider decreasing your exercise intensity, frequency, or duration until you fully recover. Please be considerate by following proper gym etiquette if you choose to work out in a gym. Check out this WebMD article for more input and guidance: http://www.webmd.com/cold-and-flu/features/exercising-when-sick .  i my daughter who is now 6 had what sounds to be the same thing your daughter is going through. took 4 different doctors to find out what it was. what she had was called foot hand and mouth. its a infection young kids can get   look inside your daughters mouth and see if you spot the same blisters on the top back of her mouth  I too agree with . Please follow him and see.  Why take a chance, get to the doctor or hospital.  Yes, it is okay to exercise with a cold. Exercise alway beneficial for personal growth, to increase immunity power, built resistance power, fight against diseases. Regular exercise boost confidence and improve self-esteem.  You definitely need to see a doctor about this as soon as possible. If you are a woman, this could be something benign, like , but it also could be symptoms of heart attack. Many people are familiar with the classic signs of an acute heart attack: crushing or squeezing chest pain that may radiate down the left arm, shortness of breath, etc. But heart attacks also can last only a few moments, such as what you're describing. You don't want to take any chances with this, especially if you have other risk factors for a heart attack, such as obesity, high cholesterol, a sedentary lifestyle, and so on. Please take care and get checked out as soon as possible.  My advice? Go back to your doctor. Sure, heart problems are rare in someone your age and at your level of fitness. But that doesn't mean this doesn't warrant further investigation. When you return to the doctor, be prepared to ask these questions: What could be causing such severe pain (because 8.5 out of 10 is "severe" on any scale)? What diagnostic tests are available to me? Should I see a cardiologist? Could this be sickle cell disease ? May I get a complete metabolic panel, just to make sure there's nothing weird going on? What's the worst-case scenario? What's the best-case scenario? Sometimes, just knowing the questions to ask is helpful. If you aren't satisfied with the answers your pediatrician gives you (such as "I don't know" what's causing that), feel free to consult another health care provider. You deserve answers to your questions. You have legitimate symptoms. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry you're experiencing this. You need to get it checked out right away. If the antacids aren't reducing the pain, then it may not be caused by heartburn. Angina is caused by a reduction in oxygen delivery to the heart muscle, which causes pain. Do not try to self-diagnose angina. You need to seek professional care as soon as possible. Take care!  Well, your symptoms certainly warrant a checkup. What you're describing could be something as benign (non-life threatening) as a cyst or something more serious. The fact you've had pain and swelling in the area, plus a fever, could point more to an infectious process than to something like cancer, but only a physical examination by a medical professional can say for sure. And either way this lump seems to need treatment. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary health care provider as soon as possible to get this lump looked at. Wishing you all the best!  The type of pain you describe certainly is common after endoscopy, and I'm sorry you're experiencing it. Generally speaking, throat lozenges or any kind of hard candy (sugar-free if you have diabetes) can soothe the irritation of the throat after endoscopy. You also may use an over-the-counter pain reliever, such as acetaminophen (Tylenol), ibuprofen (Motrin, Advil), or naproxyn (Aleve). Keep in mind ibuprofen and naproxyn are blood thinners that can promote bleeding, so you may want to avoid those for a few days after your endoscopy. Also, if you take acetaminophen be sure to follow the label instructions. Taking too much acetaminophen can damage your liver. Do not exceed the maximum daily dose. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. My best advice is to go back to the doctor. Even though the initial diagnosis was muscular pain, that's not the final word on the matter. If your symptoms are continuing to go on for months after the diagnosis, this deserves to be re-investigated. It can frequently take several follow-up exams to accurately diagnose a condition. Returning to the same health care provider who first diagnosed you would be a great move because he or she will want to know that your symptoms haven't gotten better. And you can also let him or her know about these new symptoms (skyrocketing blood pressure and hammering heart). Many conditions reveal themselves slowly, so the more complete your medical history becomes with a single medical provider, the more accurate a picture that provider can get of your health. I hope you feel better soon!  I'm sorry to hear you're suffering like this. It's bad enough to take on a new job without then coming down with mysterious physical symptoms! Unfortunately, it's impossible to tell whether this is serious or not. Obviously, you should know the and also know the . While anyone can have a heart attack, it's more likely among people with multiple risk factors. I would suggest you make an appointment with your primary health care provider to evaluate your symptoms. Your provider probably will want to run some tests, such as blood work or possibly and EKG. Many medical conditions could cause the symptoms you describe, including low thyroid. Your health care provider can correlate your health history with your new symptoms to arrive at a diagnosis. I hope you feel better soon!  When talking with people your age who complained of chest pain, I used to always say, "It's highly unlikely you have a heart problem, if that's what you're thinking." But these days, when many people are obese and don't exercise, a heart problem in a 19-year-old isn't outside the realm of possibility. I'm not assuming you're obese or that you don't exercise. I'm just saying a lot of 19-year-olds fall into that category. It's never a bad idea to get checked out by a medical professional. It will put your mind at ease and probably provide an answer for what is causing this pain. I can tell you it's not uncommon for young women to experience . In fact, many young women land in the emergency room thinking they're having a heart attack, only to be diagnosed with costochondritis. In this benign condition, chest pain derives from inflammation of the rib cartilage. You should not self-diagnose this, however. Better to get a professional medical opinion. Wishing you well!  Any time someone tells me they feel "pain and pressure in the chest," I advise them to seek emergency medical treatment. Although it's unusual for pain to radiate down the right arm, it's not unheard of. Also, from men. Because your wife has had more than one episode of this chest pain recently, she should not delay in seeking a medical evaluation. A simple EKG test can tell her if this is a heart issue or if it's asthma-related. Please do not delay seeking a diagnosis of what is causing your wife's symptoms. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Muscle spasms can be very painful, and it's miserable to feel you have to monitor every movement to make sure your back doesn't seize up again! I'd suggest you return to your health care provider to discuss this issue. Your provider may want to prescribe physical therapy or recommend certain range-of-motion exercises to help you get back to normal. Your provider also may want to evaluate your posture and " ," which means the way you move. Practicing good body mechanics is essential for preventing back pain and injury. I hope you're able to get this problem resolved soon!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. How awful! You're right that certain antibiotics can cause an imbalance of "good flora" in the intestines and allow a bacterium called (C. diff.) to take over. You should get checked out for this by your health care provider because, if you do have C. diff, you need to be treated for it. Clostridium difficile is highly contagious. To avoid transmitting it to other people, make sure you wash your hands frequently and thoroughly with warm, soapy water. Antibacterial hand rubs do not work against C. diff. The chest pain symptom may or may not be related to the antibiotic therapy. Several conditions can cause the chest pain symptom you describe. In women, a condition called can cause the symptoms you describe. Costochondroitis is basically an inflammation of the cartilage between the ribs and breastbone. However, because all of your symptoms occurred after the antibiotic usage, you should report these side effects to your health care provider as soon as possible. He or she will be able to thoroughly evaluate your symptoms and develop an appropriate treatment plan. Best wishes!  This is a hard question to answer because there's not enough information. Let me give you some general guidance. If you friend's rash came on suddenly and she is experiencing a fever, she should phone (not go to) an urgent care center right away for further evaluation. Sometimes a rash like you describe can indicate a serious infection. If your friend's bumps have been slowly coming on over time and she's not having any flu-like symptoms, then she should see a health care provider to evaluate what might be causing this rash. Many things can cause the symptoms you describe, including acne. Only a health care provider can say for certain what is going on, and this evaluation needs to be done in person. Hope this helps!  The short answer is this: Whenever you have any symptoms that could be heart-related, get them checked out. Your age doesn't matter. Your fitness level doesn't matter. Because of your youthful age, the chances are good you do not have any serious heart condition. But, as a general rule, it's better to be safe than sorry. You'll feel more at ease after getting checked out by a health care professional, right? Plus, if you do have some cardiac issue, the earlier you catch it, the quicker it can be treated. Ask your mom or dad to make an appointment for you. If they are unable or unwilling to do so, have a chat with your school nurse or counselor. They can help you access the care you need. Don't get overly concerned about this, but please do get it checked out. Take care!  I'm sorry you're going through this. How awful! I'd suggest you make an appointment with a psychotherapist. What you're describing sounds like , and it may take more than medication to address this issue. may not even be the best medication for your situation. It's true clonazepam is prescribed for anxiety attacks, but it's clearly not working. There are other medications available. Furthermore, your situation may require a more well-rounded approach that includes cognitive (talk) therapy to address the issues that are triggering your panic attacks due to driving. Please don't feel shy about seeking out psychotherapist. It's often the case that just a few sessions can significantly improve conditions like yours that involve a single activity that causes panic. Meanwhile, take care while driving. You're doing the right thing by pulling over as needed. If possible, take public transportation or carpool with a co-worker until your panic attacks subside. I wish you all the best!  If the don't clear up fairly quickly, or if they're accompanied by difficulty breathing, your wife should seek immediate medical attention. These can be the signs of a severe allergic reaction to something -- food, medication, etc. If your wife gets hives occasionally (as some people do), and they are not accompanied by other symptoms, then I'd suggest she speak to her doctor about getting a prescription specifically for the hives. There are medications other than Benadryl that are used to treat hives. In terms of combining antihistamines, I'd suggest you speak to a pharmacist. While Benadryl (diphenhydramine) has a different chemical composition than Zyrtec (cetirizine), they still are both the same class of medication. Generally, we try not to combine medications of the same class unless specifically directed to do so by a physician. I hope that gives you some clarity.  So sorry to hear your husband's going through this. Nagging rib pain is no fun! Yes, his symptoms certainly could be caused from leaning on that fence railing while fishing. I hope he reeled in a big one for his trouble! Since he's had all the usual heart testing and was told his heart was in good shape, I'm going to guess he's got a case of or an injury to the cartilage between his ribs. Leaning against a sharp object, such as a fence railing, could cause a mild tear or irritation of the rib cartilage. Rib cartilage will repair itself eventually. Unfortunately, it may be mighty ouchy until the healing is finished. Your husband can take over-the-counter pain relievers, such as anti-inflammatory medication like ibuprofen, naproxyn, or plain aspirin, for the pain. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds absolutely miserable! Because this situation is now going on three weeks, I would suggest you get it checked out. You may be able to avoid the emergency room (and the high fees involved) by searching in your community for a free or low-cost health care clinic. Sometimes these have the name "healthcare for the homeless," but you usually don't have to be homeless to take advantage of the services. I cannot provide a hotlink here, but if you visit http://www.hrsa.gov/gethealthcare/affordable/index.html, you can search for low-cost health care in your area. I wish you all the best with this!  I'm glad to hear all is good, and I hope I can help set your mind at ease. A in the neck can send pain radiating down the shoulder and arm -- and even into the chest area, which could indeed feel like the symptoms of a . Presumably, you received an X-ray or MRI scan of your neck. This is usually how a pinched nerve in the neck is diagnosed. Pinched nerves in the neck are often caused by compression of a disk in the spinal column of the neck. This compression puts pressure on the nerve, which in turn causes the pain. You're right that there's no relationship between a pinched nerve in the neck and a heart problem. It's just that the pinched nerve caused you to have pain that was similar to what a person feels when they have a heart attack. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're experiencing this. It sounds like the situation is causing you some anxiety. To answer your question, 31 years old is not too young to experience heart symptoms. It's true that heart attacks are rarer in younger people, but they're not unheard of. However, you had blood work done that didn't show any signs of a heart attack or heart disease other than hypertension. Because you're concerned about the symptoms you're experiencing, I think you should go back to your doctor for a better explanation about what may be causing them. Several conditions can cause the symptoms you're describing, and not all of them are related to the heart. Getting an explanation would relieve your concerns. Of course, if you ever experience the signs of an acute heart attack, such as sudden, extreme chest pain (squeezing or pressure), shortness of breath, pain radiating down your left arm or up into your jaw, then you should immediately call 911. All the best to you!  It's always difficult to understand the medicalese, isn't it? Let me see if I can translate this for you. The "nodular density" refers to a dark spot on the X-ray. This spot is located in the area ("the right pulmonary hilum") of the right lung that's close to the heart. The report says this dark spot may indicate the "end on [a] vessel," which means it might just be a large blood vessel showing up more clearly on the film this time than last time, since it "was not clearly present previously" (in other words, they couldn't see it on your last chest X-ray). Because the radiologist who read your X-ray isn't sure precisely what this dark spot is, your surgeon is having you get a CT scan, which will provide a clearer image. This doesn't sound to me like something to get alarmed about. I wish you all the best with your heart cath!  Well, I recommend you get this checked out. Heart problems can hit like lightning (heart attack) or come on gradually. It sounds like you may have a heart problem that's becoming gradually worse. Of course, this can only be determined with a physical examination and some other testing performed by your health care provider. Chest pain that lasts 8 hours is nothing to ignore. Please get medical attention as soon as you can. All the best to you!  The answer here isn't quite as straightforward as you might think, so let me try to explain. It's true an doesn't look inside the body, the way an does. However, an ECG does trace the heart's electrical conduction system. If an artery in the heart has become blocked and caused a portion of the heart muscle to die, this can affect the electrical conduction system. And that damage, in turn, would be reflected on an ECG. That's probably why your relative's cardiologist is going directly to angioplasty. Actually, the physician likely will perform an angiogram first, then do the angioplasty immediately afterwards. Instead of having to undergo two procedures, your relative will only go through one. That's healthier, in many ways. It reduces infection risk, and your relative will only have to recover one time instead of two. If your relative has any questions about why his or her cardiologist is choosing this particular treatment, your relative should speak up. Every patient has a right to know why a procedure is being performed, what the expected outcome is, and what the recovery will be like. Communication is key in getting great medical treatment, and sometimes that communication has to start with the patient. Best wishes to you and your relative!  Unfortunately, it's no possible to diagnose this over the internet. Although 28 years old sounds young for heart problems, it's not impossible. If you're overweight, sedentary, smoke, or have a family history of heart attack, then you're at higher risk yourself. If you're having any of these , you should seek emergency medical services by calling 911: Crushing pain, squeezing sensation, or fullness in the mid-chest that lasts for more than a few minutes or that comes and goes episodically Pain or discomfort that extends beyond your chest, particularly pain or discomfort that radiates into the left jaw, left arm, or left back areas Shortness of breath Cold sweats, nausea, anxiety As you can see, since anxiety can be a symptom of heart problems, it's impossible to distinguish the two via the web. Only an EKG and some blood tests can say for sure if the trouble's with your ticker or something else. If you do not feel you're having an acute heart attack, you may be OK to simply make an appointment with your health care provider at your earliest convenience. I wish you all the best!  Oh, ouch. So much for that whole "working out is healthy" thing, right? ha ha Well, I think you need to get this checked out. I'd suggest making an appointment with your primary care provider. You may merely have strained a muscle, but then again you could have torn one. And that would require medical attention. Luckily, the abdomen is protected with layer upon layer of muscle, so it's not too likely you suffered, say, a bowel herniation or something. Nonetheless, if you start running a fever or vomiting or develop any other unusual symptoms, you might consider heading for an urgent care. Otherwise, you're probably fine to just check in with your primary care provider. And, of course, don't do any weightlifting of any kind until you're cleared by your doc to do so. Even leg work can strain your abs, and you really need to rest them for now. Best wishes!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. The fear of having cancer must be very tough for you to cope with. I'm glad to hear you have a mammogram scheduled. That is a good starting point, and it sounds like your health care provider is on top of your situation. While you wait, try to remember that worrying will only cause you misery and can even have a negative impact on your immune system. Look for support from family and friends. Try to distract yourself. Focus on the many positive things in your life, no matter how small they may seem. If you can try to get a massage or otherwise pamper yourself to relieve your excessive stress. Even though you have a family history of cancer, it's not a sure bet you have cancer, too. It's entirely possible your breast lump is benign (non-cancerous) and that your other symptoms can be attributed to a virus or even stress. I know it's hard, but try to work on reducing your stress level and staying as healthy as possible as you work through the process of getting a diagnosis. Take care of yourself!  I'm going to say that unless you're having trouble breathing, you probably do not need to get an X-ray done. It's pretty hard to break a rib from an unintentional punch, though of course anything's possible. Even if the rib is cracked, there's not much treatment for it except to bind it. You might try using a wide compression (Ace) bandage to see if that helps the pain, but don't wrap it excessively tight. Gentle support is fine. Another possibility is that you tore some cartilage between ribs. That can be very painful and, more bad news, can take a long time to heal. This could account for why you're still having pain. The only treatment for this type of injury is rest and time. If the pain gets worse over time instead of better; if you develop a fever, chills, or flu-like symptoms; or if you suddenly have trouble breathing, then it's definitely time to get checked out by a doctor, insurance or no insurance. Otherwise, I think you can take a wait-and-see approach to this. Over-the-counter pain relievers, used according to package directions, might give you some relief, too. I hope you feel better soon!  Whether or not you have insurance, if you are experiencing any of these symptoms, you must go to the emergency room immediately: A crushing, squeezing, or burning pain, pressure, or fullness in the center of the chest. The pain may radiate to the neck, one or both arms, the shoulders, or the jaw. The chest discomfort lasts more than a few minutes. It can diminish in intensity and return. Shortness of breath, dizziness Nausea, heartburn, or upset stomach Sweating or feeling "the chills" A weak, fast pulse An irregular heart beat Cold, clammy skin, or a gray color to the face Fainting or loss of consciousness Fatigue These are the symptoms of a heart attack . My purpose is not to alarm you but to inform you so that you can assess your symptoms and make an appropriate decision about what to do. Even without insurance, you can access health care in most cities. If you don't know how to access free or low-cost care in your area, call your local hospital or a crisis hotline. They will be able to provide you with resources for free and low-cost health care so you can get this problem checked out. Good luck to you!  Sorry you're going through this. While you're obviously young to have heart trouble, that's always the first thing that comes to mind when someone complains of "chest pain." In fact, if your chest pain begins to feel like a crushing or squeezing type discomfort that won't go away, you definitely should go to the emergency room. However, I think the more likely culprit here is a condition called . This is an inflammation of the cartilage between the rib and the sternum (breastbone) near the top of the sternum. It's quite common in young women. Several things can cause it, but it's not usually serious. You probably should have this checked out by a medical professional, just to be on the safe side. But unless you're having other , I wouldn't run off to the emergency room. Just get in to see your primary care provider as soon as you can. Feel better soon!  This is strange, indeed. The problem with skin rashes is there are so many things that can cause them. Since the rash doesn't itch and presumably doesn't cause any pain, it's hard to tell what may be causing it. Since this started about 3 months ago, I would ask if you (or your father) by any chance changed laundry detergents, dryer sheets, soap, or anything like that. Perhaps the cause is environmental, since the rash seems to occur in places where clothing touches the skin. The only way to tell for sure what's going on is to see a health care provider. Your dad can start with his primary care provider, who will refer him to a dermatologist, if necessary. In the meantime, it would be helpful to the health care provider if you could get some good photos of the rash, both close-up and from far away. Because the rash only occurs in the evening, your dad may not be exhibiting the rash when he sees his provider. Best wishes to you and your dad!  Yes, you probably can take an antidepressant with your Adderall if you are diagnosed with depression. That's an excellent question for your health care provider. In fact, it would be a good idea to consult your health care provider, anyway, because the symptoms you describe could be caused by stress and depression -- but they also could be caused by a host of other issues that are easily solved. Your health care provider can do a complete evaluation of your physical and mental health, and then refer you to specialists if necessary. Please don't allow yourself to continue to suffer. Make an appointment to see your regular health care provider today and get on the path to feeling better. Wishing you all the best!  ProActive is the best daily product to keep your skin healthy and clearer than "normal." It's only about $25.00 and it WORKS. You also need to check with your family doctor, or your Dermatologist to make sure that the type of acne you have isn't a more serious kind. Do some research on the different types and severity of acne to better determine if yours is just the run-of-the-mill, common type that we all experience at some point in our lives, or if it could be more serious. Almost everyone in the world has had blemishes in their lives, so don't let it get your confidence down....we've all been there!  I had no idea that anti inflammatory medicines could cause inflamation. I don't take them all the time but I do probably 4 times a week or so. I will try to elimate those. I take over the counter anti acid pills and those aren't helping. thank you for your information.  You say have shingles 3 weeks ago , the little red tiny spots may have not related with shingles , because it is a long time . First you can daub some medical which cure Skin allergy , and you can put on a face mask , so that you can reduce The virus from other person . if you had do these , your symptoms continue , i think you should have a doctor .  for more and cure you can visit on www.globalbgcb.webs.com. Prinzmetal's angina is a form of chest pain, pressure, or tightness (angina) caused by spasms in the arteries that supply blood to the heart. It is a form of unstable angina , meaning that it occurs at rest, often without a predictable pattern. This is in contrast to stable angina , in which chest pain occurs in a predictable pattern during exertion or exercise.1 Episodes of chest pain caused by Prinzmetal's angina usually occur in clusters, with periods of frequent episodes lasting for a few months followed by weeks or months with no chest pain episodes. The pain usually occurs between midnight and approximately 8:00 AM.2 Prinzmetal's angina may have no identifiable trigger, or may be brought on by hyperventilation, exposure to cold, or extreme emotional stress. Prinzmetal's angina is named after the researcher who first noted that coronary artery spasms were to blame. It is also called variant angina because of the unusual pattern of chest pain episodes. for more and cure you can visit on www.globalbgcb.webs.com.  for more and cure you can visit on www.globalbgcb.webs.com.  I would contact the doctor immediately. I had several of my family members die from heart problems; once they are gone it's too late to say I wish I had asked the doctor.  Like coughing, some patients experience muscle soreness from violent or recurrent sneezes. You can try medications such as antihistamines to see if this prevents or blocks the sneezing attacks. If your chest continues to hurt, you have chest tightness or shortness of breath you should see your doctor to evaluate this further.  Had this once... It was just gas! If you don't think this is the cause, and this doesn't go away, try placing your hand on your left side, see if pressing a specific spot hurts, and go see a doctor. Hope you feel better soon. :)  An ear infection is usually limited to the ear. You may have a runny nose & nasal congestion with it, but it should go away within 10 days. If it is viral, antibiotics are not needed; if it is bacterial, antibiotics will help. Since you have additional symptoms and it has been going on for 2 weeks, it is important you see a doctor. Flushing and chest tightness is not a part of an ear infection so see your doctor so she can examine you to find out why this is happening.  Has he been screened for Pertussis? (Whooping Cough)  I went to doctor today for the same thing and was told it is a cist at the top of the thyroid and if it gets large it will need to be removed.  Right upper abdomen could likely be your gall bladder. An ultrasound may be able to tell your dr. if there is any abnormality. In any case minimizing fatty foods and alcohols will be essential. It could be many other things though and a simple blood, and stool test can tell your Dr. a lot.  Symptoms like chest pain that come on during walking or other exertion can be a sign of heart disease. I recommend that you call your doctor now. Even if you do not have risk factors (like diabetes or high blood pressure), you could still have heart disease or another condition causing your symptoms.  While it's possible for people to experience muscle stimulation from pacemakers, it's typically the diaphragm, as it lies close the the right ventricle, which is actually being paced. While I can't diagnose the cause of your muscle twitching in this forum, I would guess that left pectoralis stimulation would be pretty unlikely, particularly if it doesn't seem related to your heart rate. Always helpful to get checked out by your doctor if you have any concerns.  Doctors sometimes perform nuclear stress tests because the images that are required as part of the test are generally believed to be more diagnostic of coronary disease than the ECG findings on their own. Many times, people with normal images will be considered to have a low risk test, even in the presence of an abnormal ECG. But it's important to discuss your own situation with your physician.  Ask him to take Nexium - http://www.choicechemist.com/nexium if the problem continues. However this should be done only on a doctor's advise.  It sounds like you have a condition which causes you to not properly digest your food, it doesn't even sound as if your food is going to your digestive system at all, instead you are swallowing it and before it reaches your digestive tract, you are having a reaction to it. Talk to your physician and see if he can prescribe something, you could have something simple called "acid reflux" where your food is trying to come right back up before even reaching your digestive tract. Regardless of what is causing it, you need to consult your doctor and let him run some tests. Meanwhile, you need to stick to a bland diet, soft foods and eat slowly and chew your food very thoroughly  If you just started walking this could be normal until your body gets used to the new exercising. However, if you are very active and are having a great deal of discomfort, you should see your doctor. The feeling of your heart as if it is being held or squeezed is not a normal reaction, that doesn't mean it's serious or life threatning by any means, but it certainly means you should consult with your physician. At only 14 yrs of age, you should not be experiencing this, and if you are saying this occurs with only walking a very short distance, you really need to see your doctor.  Hi I m not a cardiologist or anything but due to my experience with anxiety I can tell you that it had caused my heart to beat so fast that it made my chest hurt and I felt short of breath. To answer your question to the best of my knowledge arteries do not go from normal to clogged in 7 months unless you have risks such as family history of heart disease, not being active and eating unhealthy foods (high in salt and fat). I would recommend however to call up your cardiologist and ask for yourself to get checked out again just to be sure.  Hi there! first you should know that heart attack depends on the pain condition of the pain. If the pain is dull then you could just get a drink of water. If the pain is stabbing then you must go to a hospital. Extreme chest pains can lead to heart attack and even death. You must make sure that you get help from a doctor. And he or she should give you chest pain medications.  Sorry to hear that but here is some advice. First you must make sure that you get to a doctor right away. Chest pain like what you have are very dangerous because some chest pains can cause serious problems like heart attack and in severe cases it can lead to death. But to prevent it you have to make sure that you see your doctor and tell him or her that that you have chest pain and shoulder pains. Most likely your doctor should give you a medication for pain. But getting medication on your own is not a good idea. Some of these drugs don't really help pain.  Yes  Due to these circumstances, seek medical attention IMMEDIATELY! Go to the ER if having these symptoms.  Get a second opinion! I had symptoms and just knew something wasn't right. I also got cleared by the first doctor but kept going until I found one that figured it out (4 doctors later)! Mine started with I was 16 so I know how she feels! But she knows her body best and knows when something isn't right. Keep searching! Best of luck  Have you seen a doctor for this? That is a very long time to go on with this and not see a doctor. I recommend going to see one asap.  Do you have any tick-borne illness symptoms? The rash made me sit up and take notice. I had advanced stage anaplasmosis that the doctors all missed. It nearly killed me as I had it for years and developed seizures. I never had a rash, although many people do, but had extreme fatigue, neurologic problems and was often tachy. Docs also were thinking thyroid, but it was normal. It was my eye doctor who finally figured it out and sent me to a specialist. Just a thought because they are insidious, under-diagnosed diseases and on the rise.  ...And, I would sort of go in cycles too, which is apparently common. Some days I couldn't get out of bed and then I would have "the good days". There were many red flags in your comments. Maybe totally unrelated, but tick illnesses do not seem to be the "go to" diagnosis, and I am paying for it. My central nervous system is damaged.  If they are not heart attacks, it could be anxiety or panic attacks.  Ask your Dr.for an Anti-Anxity drug, such as Xanax, etc. it will help Instantly.  I would highly recommend heading to the ER and having it checked out. Sometimes, it could be an episode of severe heartburn or it could be something else -- especially since you have pains in your chest.  Fast forward 6 months. I start having heart racing/palpation problems again. I go see my GP and she thinks there might be something wrong with my heart I get a echo and heart monitor exam both come back normal. I was worried about my heart but I was more worried about the fatigue that had set in. I was going to work groggy every morning and taking 2-3 hour naps when I got home. I would sleep the entire night and still be tired the next day. On the weekends I would sleep for either the entire day Saturday or Sunday and feel a bit better to start over again the next week. I begged my GP to do a thyroid test on me since I have family history of it but everything came back normal range. CBC is normal and metabolic panel is normal. I asked her to check for thyroid antibodies and my TPO is very slightly high. I get an appointment with an Endo. This brings us up to present I have felt better for about a week. I have changed nothing. I had my Endo appointment today in which I tell her everything and she said I may have been having a Hyperthyroid attack when all this happened but I'm probably better now and I should do nothing. I beg her to take more blood work since I feel better than I did but I still don't feel right. I have also been gaining weight. I weigh 165 today and 3 weeks ago I was 160. I am use to being 135-140. I don't like the extra weight and I can't seem to shake it. Anyone have thoughts on what I can try my doctors are not helping and they take a month to get in to see. Sorry for such a long description but 1000 characters wasn't enough!  There are several possible conditions that can cause symptoms like you are describing. One possibility is esophagitis (inflammation of the esophagus). It commonly caused by acid reflux. There are over- the counter acid reducer medications called H2 blockers and proton pump inhibitors that can help acid reflux symptoms. Symptoms like you are describing can also be caused by a side effect of certain medications. Some medications that can cause these symptoms include ibuprofen, naproxen, aspirin, and other anti-inflammatory drugs. The antibiotic doxycycline and the bisphosphonate drugs for osteoporosis can also cause similar symptoms. There are some less common, but serious conditions that could also cause symptoms like you describe such as certain infections or tumors. It is important for you to see a doctor if your symptoms persist for an examination and medical evaluation.  PICS [url=http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/651/100mediaimag0514.jpg/][img=http://imageshack.us/a/img651/5831/100mediaimag0514.th.jpg][/url] [url=http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/87/100mediaimag0513.jpg/][img=http://imageshack.us/a/img87/4455/100mediaimag0513.th.jpg][/url] [url=http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/41/100mediaimag0512.jpg/][img=http://imageshack.us/a/img41/4888/100mediaimag0512.th.jpg][/url] [url=http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/29/100mediaimag0510.jpg/][img=http://imageshack.us/a/img29/4336/100mediaimag0510.th.jpg][/url] [url=http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/26/100mediaimag0505.jpg/][img=http://imageshack.us/a/img26/4448/100mediaimag0505.th.jpg][/url]  YES, any time you have chest pain, to be safe get to the E.R, or Call your D.r, I would go to E.R, this is not to be ignored.  It can simply be heartburn, but you should definately not ignore this. If you expierience chest pains you should go to an emergency room as soon as possible. Especially if it's happening often.  Possibly stress related, I would take NO chances I would go to your family doctor and ask them to see possibly a cardiologist. Better to be safe than sorry! Good luck  Yes. It would be OK to take Tussin DM for your cough while taking bupropion and a high blood pressure medication. There are no significant drug interactions to worry about. Always check with your pharmacist before taking over-the-counter medications when you are taking prescription medications so they can recommend the best product for you that will not interact with your medications.  No. The reaction you described would not be considered normal. If you experience a rash from a medication, you should contact your doctor immediately. It could be a sign of an allergic reaction to the medication or a serious side effect.  For chest congestion, it is usually best to use an expectorant. These medications help loosen and thin mucus in the chest so it is easier to cough up. Guaifenesin is an expectorant that is safe to take while using lithium. It is always a good idea to talk to your pharmacist before taking any over-the-counter medications. They can help you choose the best one for your symptoms, namely, one that will not interact with any of your other medications.  The flow issues you report are actually quite common, and believe it or not, in general have little to do with our estrogen levels going down. Actually, the first thing that happens to many women is that we stop ovulating real well, and we stop making progesterone very well (progesterone is the hormone our ovaries make after we ovulate.) I describe progesterone to my patients as the "policeman of the lining of the uterus" -- estrogen causes the lining of the uterus to grow, and without "police" action, you can get some very crazy bleeding patterns -- too frequent, not coming regularly, and very heavy flow when they do come. One of the ways we actually can manage the crazy flow is with progesterone. Often, gynecologists will suggest to our patients that we give them 12 days or so of progesterone every two or three months,if they haven't had a period: That will cause the lining of the uterus to think you have ovulated; when you stop taking the progesterone, the uterus will say "time for a clean out" -- but since you've taken the progesterone you should have a reasonably controlled bleed. Another way we often deal with these issues (in non-smokers) are low-dose birth control pills -- especially if one is having hot flashes, etc. and crazy periods. Now the kicker here is I don't know what to make of your chest pain. Chest pains can be related to menopause-- however, women do start experiencing more true cardiac issues around the time of menopause. So I would check in with your primary care medical doc, who may even suggest you check in with a cardiologist -- presuming they do rule out heart disease, then you can proceed on the "attack the menopause" front. Again, help should be available for all of your problems.  Yes. Chest pain has many possible causes; some are harmless, but some (like a heart attack) can be life-threatening. Part of the problem is that the heart and other internal organs have a type of sensory nerve conduction where it is sometimes difficult to precisely pinpoint the exact origin of a painful sensation. Pain due to something wrong in the heart, lungs, or belly can be vague, or feel like something else. This is why chest pain can be such a difficult problem for those who have it, as well as for their doctors. Gas causes swelling in the intestines and a bloated feeling. When gas causes pain, its usually in the abdomen (belly). However, the pain may also be felt in the chest. If pain is due to gas, it should go away within a short time. Other causes of chest pain not due to the heart include problems with the esophagus, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), musculoskeletal (chest wall) pain, problems in the lungs, and many others. Studies have shown that even doctors have a hard time identifying the cause of chest pain just through conversation or physical examination. Laboratory tests, a chest X-ray, and an electrocardiogram are generally needed to know for sure that chest pain is nothing serious. No one wants to call 911 or sit in an emergency room to be treated for what turns out to be gas pain. However, playing a waiting game when you are having chest pain can be a gamble with your health, or maybe your life. If youre having chest pain, in almost all cases a doctors recommendation will be to seek medical attention.  As a former Paramedic, I can tell you that is never a good idea to hit someone in the chest. A person who has fainted should be gently rolled over on their back, shaken gently and asked, "Are you OK?". If they don't respond, tilt their head and use your thumb and forefinger to pull out the chin, to open the airway. If you suspect a neck injury do the chin lift only. Listen for breathing by putting your ear to their mouth an listening for 10 seconds. If they are breathing, have someone call EMS and support their head, holding their airway open by putting your forefingers on each side of their jaw, at the angle near their ears and gently push upward. If they are not breathing then you can check their pulse in the hollow beside their Adam's Apple, then do CPR or rescue breathing. This is why everyone should do a CPR class every couple of years. Because more lives are saved with CORRECT CPR, than by all the EMT's combined.   In caring for patients with chest pain, the doctor distinguishes whether the pain is related to a lack of oxygen to the heart muscle (as in angina or heart attack), or is due to another process. Many conditions are considered that can cause similar chest pain. Examples include: Pleuritis (pleurisy): Inflammation of the lining of the lungs (pleuritis) causes sharp chest pain, which is aggravated by deep breathing and coughing. Patients often notice shortness of breath, in part due to their shallow breathing to minimize chest pain. Viral infections are the most common causes of pleurisy. Pericarditis: Pericarditis is inflammation of the lining around the heart. Symptoms of pericarditis are similar to that of pleuritis. Pneumonia : Pneumonia (bacterial infection of the lung) causes fever and chest pain. Chest pain in bacterial pneumonia is due to an irritation or infection of the lining of the lung. Pulmonary embolism: Pulmonary embolism refers to blood clots traveling from the veins of the pelvis or the lower extremities to the lung. Pulmonary embolism can cause death of lung tissue (pulmonary infarction). Some common causes of blood clots in these veins is deep vein thrombosis. Pneumothorax: Small sacs in the lung tissue (alveoli) can spontaneously burst, causing pneumothorax. Symptoms of pneumothorax include sudden, severe, sharp chest pain and shortness of breath. One common cause of pneumothorax is severe emphysema. Mitral valve prolapse: Mitral valve prolapse is a common heart valve abnormality, affecting 5% to 10% of the population. Chest pain with MVP is usually sharp but not severe. Unlike angina, chest pain with MVP rarely occurs during or after exercise, and usually will not respond to nitroglycerin. Aortic dissection: The aorta is the major vessel delivering blood from the left ventricle to the rest of the body. Aortic dissection (tearing of the aorta wall) is a life-threatening emergency. Aortic dissection causes severe, unrelenting chest and back pain. Costochondritis, rib fractures, muscle strain or spasm: Pain originating from the chest wall is usually sharp and constant. It is usually worsened by movement, coughing, deep breathing, and direct pressure on the area. Muscle spasm and strain can result from vigorous, unusual twisting and bending. The joints between the ribs and cartilage next to the breastbone can become inflamed, a condition called costochondritis. Fractured ribs resulting from trauma or cancer involvement can cause significant chest pain. Nerve compression: Compression of the nerve roots by bone spurs as they exit the spinal cord can cause pain. Nerve compression can also cause weakness and numbness in the upper arm and chest. Shingles (herpes zoster infection of the nerves): Shingles is nerve irritation from the infection, which can cause chest pain days before any typical rash appears. Esophageal spasm and reflux: The esophagus is the long muscular tube connecting the mouth to the stomach. Reflux, or regurgitation of stomach contents and acid into the esophagus, can cause heartburn and chest pain. Spasm of the muscle of the esophagus can also cause chest pain. Gallbladder attack (gallstones): Gallstones can block the gallbladder or bile ducts and cause severe pain of the upper abdomen, back, and chest. Anxiety and panic attacks: Anxiety, depression, and panic attacks are frequently associated with chest pain lasting from minutes to days. The pain can be sharp or dull. It is usually accompanied by shortness of breath, or the inability to take a deep breath. Since there is no test for panic attacks, patients with chest pain usually undergo tests to exclude coronary artery disease and other causes of chest pain.     if you have any chest tightness or trouble breathing.  If you have recently had surgery and are having these symptoms, then you should contact you surgeon right away. He or she will be able to tell you if these symptoms are to be expected in your particular case.  Hopefully you have already done so but if not, you need to call your doctor right now or call 911. You should not ignore chest pain. This needs attention right away.  It is normal to feel sick for a day or two when you have acute pharyngitis. The nausea could be caused by the antibiotic or just by being sick. Try to eat something if you can -- anything. But if you can't keep water or liquids down, you need to let your doctor know. You don't want to become dehydrated. Also, if you're not starting to feel better after a couple of days, give your doctor a call. Several of the symptoms you describe, such as diarrhea, chest pains, and stomach pains, are not symptoms of pharyngitis, so that's something you need to discuss with your doctor to see if something else is going on.  There is no particular connection between IBS and acid reflux. People with IBS do not usually have digestive problems that involved the stomach. Typically the problems are with the colon. However, in some people we do see IBS and acid reflux occur together but there is no know or specific association between the two.  It definitely sounds like it could be an abdominal hernia. This most commonly happens around the belly button or in a previous site of surgery. While most hernias are harmless, some can be dangerous. It's best to get your doctor to check it out to make sure it's nothing that needs treatment right now.  If it continues for a long period of time after done exercising yes. otherwise its prolly just your muscles.  Sounds like a cracked or broken rib you should go see a doctor. My husband had exact same symptoms when he broke his. Doctor taped his ribs with some kind of medical tape and gave him some pain meds, took a while to heal. Hope you feel better soon.    Hi Could be that your overweight, but get your thyroid checked by your doctor, if he/she wants to know why do tell the truth. If you enjoy doing it, then don't embarrassed about saying so, you have on here, could be to do with orgasms. Its either your doctor, or just keep to one orgasm a day. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So you get these pains after a nights smoking? Yes So what do you think the answer could be then, do you think perhaps it could be from all the night smoking your doing? Trust me, its yes, and the more you keep doing it the worst it will get. But you do have away top kill all this pain your getting, you just have to give up smoking! What! O My God, yes its your only way. Look after 48 years of smoking and smoking very high nicotine smokes being French and Spanish, pipe and cigars, I kicked it, you can do its all down to breaking habits, and lots of self control. If your i9nterested just do an, Answer this, and ask?  Hi If you think that way, just take him to an ER. Good Luck  Hi Bob some call it body scraping, if your a naturist like me and shaves, your be known as a smooth nudist, for me it was my choice, been pubic hair shaving since I was around 18, find that really good and clean. Its just the same as body shaving, your feel really clean, your find its great when you first swim, and when you feel the wind on hairless legs for the first time. End of the day, something to think about is, why do women shave then? Hope you find this helpful. Good Luck  Hi And just how long has this been going on? are you over weight? and how old are you?  Hi My first question would be do you get the same from salt water? if not juts add some sea salt (two handfuls) to a bath and use that daily. If not I have read the you can get a special filter for showers that may help you, I think it was GE, they last around 6 months. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi My first question would be do you get the same from salt water? if not juts add some sea salt (two handfuls) to a bath and use that daily. If not I have read the you can get a special filter for showers that may help you, I think it was GE, they last around 6 months. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Why are you here asking this question, is it you who is afraid more than her of her being pregnant? sounds like it to me. If she is your partner full time, get her on some kind of BC, like the pill, the ring, the cap or IUD, but not depo shot. I cant see how you think she could be pregnant? can you? Good Luck  Hi The problem trying to find info that relates to your question, seems its mostly for girls who want to be boys, so try these links, they may just help you. http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/breast-binding-safety http://lacigreen.tv/sexplus/body-image/3464-chestbinding http://lacigreen.tv/sexplus/body-image/3464-chestbinding http://inabind.transactiveonline.org/parentfaq.php Just copy one at a time into google to open and read. Do hope these help you. Good Luck  Hi See Answer Above.  Hi I think the best advice anyone could give you is get to your doctor, ASAP, you have a problem that needs sorting out ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Yes, Go now, don't wait. Good Luck  Hi Yes, Go now, don't wait. Good Luck  Hi, Yes, Go now, don't wait. Good Luck  Hi, This may be the result of having orgasms, its the love bug biting you, but you need something to break down you mucus problem, try some good oldfashioned cheese and onion sandwich's and the last one just before bed, heavy on the onion and kick in some garlic for good measure. Good Luck  Hi According to the Alesse, the side effects, you should see your doctor is you get headaches or chest pains, ASAP Good Luck   Hi According to the Alesse, the side effects, you should see your doctor is you get headaches or chest pains, ASAP Good Luck  Hi Could be just wind getting trapped, for the take some strong mints or a strong peppermint drink and stand back, either will shift it. As for energy drinks and diet pills forget both, if you need extra energy just get out and get healthy. As for diet pills forget them, just find a good healthy diet, along with your new found exercising, you should soon lose some weight. Do hope this helps. Good Luck    Hi Yes the stress of losing our favourite pet is just like losing a member of the family, we get really attached to them, and its a great lose with either a cat or a dog. So sorry for your lose, it does hurt. Good Luck  Hi This may sound silly, being that long but it could be just trapped wind, it will do that to you, then go away for the rest of the day, strong mints could move it but pepper mint cordial will you just take some of it strong, then go for a brisk walk, if that's what it is it will soon go but hang on to your hat. Or its just indigestion the some, then some pills for indigestion, mints or cordial will do the same. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have you tried strong pepper mints, or peppermint cordial either of these should work if its trapped wind. Try taken the cordial strong, then go for a good walk, your be surprised at what may come up. Good Luck  Hi I think you best go see your doctor, he/she should know where to send you for help, just in case he/she cant give you an answer. Good Luck PS one last thing have a look at the link below, it may help you, it shows lots of different women and the breasts, and shows what can be done. The link, http://www.stephenmcculley.co.uk/our-procedures/cosmetic-breast-surgery/unequal-breast-size/ Copy this link into google and also google unequal breast size remedies for more info. Do hope these help  Hi Well perhaps its not the products, but the house work your allergic to, think about it. A lot of people get this, its work there really allergic to, have you had any skin tests done for the products you use, perhaps going back to old fashioned pure soaps, there are lots of things out there, they just need some good old elbow grease to make them work, unlike modern products shake spread and clean up, all down to chemicals, but makes it quicker for mums. This probably wont help you, but Good Luck  Hi With all these problems, you would be best top go see your doctor, let him do some tests and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi Just a thought, you sat feels like bubbles popping, then it could be just trapped wind, if you still have it try some very strong mints a or a good peppermint cordial take this strong, go for a walk, if its wind just hang on to your hat, when it breaks it will knock your hat off. Its just a thought. Good Luck  Hi Your question is a very good one, but do think this would best discussed with an obstetrician its more there field. Good Luck  Hi Your question is a very good one, but do think this would best discussed with an obstetrician its more there field. Good Luck  Hi Perhaps this because your body will only go as far as it is. If I remember from my body building days some guys body's just wont go further, this is due to your body make up, and the it stops, you may get great definition, and that's it. Sorry but that's life and your own body. Good Luck  Hi If it means getting out in the fresh air very good for you, if means being stuck in a control gym, just keep away till the cold goes. But just get out brisk walking or some jogging first thing in the morning, this should do you the world of good, get some nice cheddar cheese and onion sandwich's to eat, heavy on the onion, try some garlic sliced for that extra kick, the one that does the best, is the one just before bed, just don't breath on your partner, these will help. Good Luck  Hi This sounds like the round in your lower back has moved and now pressing against a nerve, that could be the reason your now wetting your self. Good Luck  Hi, there are a lot of STD/STIs out there and they all are a bit different. They can infect different areas of your body (like your throat, vagina, anus, penis, skin) They can be spread in different ways Some can be cured (meaning that you CAN get rid of them) And some can't be cured but ARE treatable (meaning you can take medication to control the symptoms) Symptoms are different -- if there are any symptoms at all, that's right -- you can have an STD/STI without any symptoms! And the way health care providers test for them can be different too! So with STD/STIs if you know one, you DO NOT know them all! Some STD/STIs are more easily spread than others. Through body fluids (fluid-borne STD/STIs are found in pre-semen and semen) Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you have an infection, its either off to your doctor see what he/she thinks it could be, or off to the chemist, and see what they think would be best for you For me just some pain killers and of the bed with a nice hot water bottle a sweat it out, try some good cheese and onion sandwich's but strong on the onion, really good for cutting through the phlegm, lets you breath again. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you may have some trapped wind, just get yourself some real good extra strong mints, or some good peppermint cordial take it strong, OK either of these should shift it, what ever you take, do so and just go for a brisk walk, but when you do hold on to youe hat when the wind comes up, or it will knock it off. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Wind, or indigestion, the good old thing for the would be a good shot of a strong peppermint drink, works wonders, then send him out for a walk, he will come back feeling a lot better, the walking will bring the wind up, and its best if he's outdoors, us men can make a lot of noise doing this. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you know anything about aspirin I would not give a handful, but you can get a high dose, which is the one people carry in the event of a heart attack, you just slip it under the tongue, it helps till you can get to a hospital, does this help you. But not a handful. Good Luck 300mg is the size of the aspirin.  Hi, Yes, don't wait. seek help. Good Luck  Hi This could be from the antibiotics, try taken some acidophilus, this is the good bugs in your stomach its the antis they kill all the good bugs in your stomach, so this brings you down, also try for some Yakult very good for the stomach as well, these should set you back up. If your still got any kind of congestion, try this its so simple, just cheese and onion sandwich's cut the onion thick as with the cheese use good wholemeal bread and the cheese needs to be good mature Cheddar, and for the extra kick slice some garlic into each one, these will cure any congestion, you have one first thing one at lunch and one half hour before bed, its this last one that really helps. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I have a couple of thins you can try, one is not to drink any coffee again, see how that goes. The next is from another persons research, its this. Histamine Intolerance http://www.imupro.com.au/food-intolerance/symptoms/histamine-intolerance http://www.allergyuk.org/common-food-intolerances/histamine-intolerance And a couple of sites you can look at. You can also try earthclinic.com you may find some help on there. Do hope you get some relief. Good Luck  Hi Here's a link form the UKs NHS, it pretty in depth, with lots of info, on all you want to know, far better than me trying to write it all down. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Pericarditis/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Hope its what you want. Good Luck  Hi If you gulped it, then its trapped wind, strong mints, or a good peppermint drink, should shift the trapped wind. but hang on to your hat. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like when you slipped, you have torn a muscle, these are just one of these things, that just happen, best to just give it time to heal, it will if but slowly. Rest is best. Good Luck  Hi Well you could go to the ER But your find that they don't do much and just let them heal, if your in pain just take some strong pain killers or you could go see your doctor for some stronger ones than over the counter, May take a couple of weeks for the pain to really go, had the same thing a few years ago, my UK doctor gave some real strong pain killers, and was back in work two days later, they really kicked the pain away. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of going on the BC pill, to control your periods, that would get that part out of the way. The hair growth sounds like you producing to much testosterone, hence the hair growth, why not get your doctor to do a hormone test again, (perhaps your doctor forgot to get back to you?) that would tell you how things are going with your testosterone, and your other hormones, but being on the pill may help to straighten them out. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, It could be just simple trapped wind and it can last this long if not relieved, just try some extra strong mints or peppermint cordial but take it strong then go for a good walk. But when it comes up hold on to your hat, it comers out that good. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do is if this administered by your doctor, just get back there ASAP. It could be that its up to scratch, but he/she would know. Don't be fobbed off. Good Luck  Hi Odds its just trapped wind, It can give some real good pains around the heart, way out easy, you either need some very extra strong mints, or some peppermint cordial and take it strong, then go out for a brisk walk, but hang on to your hat, it will come up loud and proud. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Your find its just a build up of wind, and boy does it hurt, when you get this drink some very strong peppermint cordial, give it 10 minutes and hold on to your hat, it will soon pass very loudly. Good Luck  Hi, OK I live in Greece and don't have skin problems, but when working out in very hot sun, I use just a very good organic olive oil, you just need to think back, at one time that's all there was, the oil I use is my own, my grove is organic. But have a look round natural food shops, you should find some, how this will work for you, I just don't know, all you can do is give it a try. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Your symptoms sounds like you could have panic disorder. A rule of thumb for panic disorder is that your panic attacks occur three times in a 6-month period with no apparent trigger. Regardless, I would encourage you to go see a psychiatrist or other mental health professional. You are not alone in having these symptoms, anxiety disorders are very common and someone like a psychiatrist would love to see you and help you out. Best wishes :)  If you are eating too quickly and taking too large of bites without chewing thoroughly enough, the pain could actually be hapening in your throat when you are swallowing. Especially with raw carrots, since they are so hard, it could definitly hurt while swallowing if you don't chew thoroughly enough.  U truly need to have a work up done on ur heart. Nothing to play with, and it does sound more serious than just take a pill and chill.  yes, i can tell you from personal experience that it can and does. just keep staying away from the stuff. there's a lot of people who don't feel like that and they will pressure you and pressure you to keep smoking it but you have to just not smoke it. it's still gonna be in your system for awhile. if you just don't smoke it, in time the symptoms will get milder and milder and will eventually dissipate. just do not smoke that sh%* anymore and you will be fine trust me.  i'm no medical doctor or anything, but it sounds like it could have something to do with a nerve.  Whenever anyone gets a pain in their heart, it's always a good idea to immediately check with your doctor. We can never assume this is either anxiety or panic until we have ruled out that it might be a medical problem. True, it might be panic or anxiety, but please have it checked out.  Protein, fats and starches are first all related, ... simply depends on the breakdown. First thought to me would be gallbladder, ... but the location of the pain pins things down a bit more. Now I know space here is limited, ... but again. one needs information. How much of these proteins, fats and starches are you eating and in what forms? Pizza, Pork Chops, all with pasta and bread? Everyone needs these 3 items within their diet, ... but if any are overdone, ... BAM. All take time to digest within the stomach, breaking down into smaller, more tolerable items before the hit the "gut", ... the small intestine (duodenum, jejunum, ileum), ... there is a lot of activity that goes on here. So from what information you have here, ... my first suggestion is see your MD. Other than that, ... I'd suspect a esophageal spasm due to gastritis of the stomach or a night of heavy alcohol use. The other thing to consider is a hernia of the diaphragm (between the lungs and belly) called an Hiatal Hernia. Diagnosed by a barium swallow at your local hospital X-Ray department, ... piece of cake. Get 'er done!  No  Anxiety is a terrible thing. It can make you feel like you are going to go off the deep end. There are meds out there that a not addiction and that will most likely help you. If you have had it this long, maybe it is time to start taking something. Research the meds out there and go see your doctor to let him help you. Don't lose anymore days of your life to this and good luck.  Yes....definitely get checked out right away.  Have you ever got a second opinion?  I am 73 years old, female, and have the exact same symptoms. I went to my doctor thinking it might be shingles. She said no, it was probably some type of allergic reaction, maybe caused by anxiety. She recommended Claritin which can be purchased over the counter.  Is this Possible?  My heart goes out to you and I certainly hope you have already discovered the problem. I'm replying for the sake of others who may read this and wonder. People tend to assume that if you have always had the symptoms, then you have Celiac and if the symptoms appear after some time, you don't have Celiac. This seems logical, but the trouble is that Celiac can be asymptomatic or it can remain asymptomatic for a time before becoming symptomatic. In other words, you can have the condition for a time (or forever) without having any notable symptoms. My daughter began to flatulate quite severely at about age 11. Unbeknownst to us, this was actually an uncommon symptom. At age 13 she was diagnosed with both type one diabetes and Celiac. Unless she had presented with t1d, we would never have guessed to test her for Celiac. The truth is that many people who are Celiac were not diagnosed immediately, and suffered silently for years before any pain or symptoms of poor digestion presented. My daughter began a gluten-free diet and her flatulence disappeared as oddly and quickly as it appeared. Nearly six months later, after her intestines had healed, she accidentally ingested gluten at a restaurant. Severe abdominal cramps came upon her, though she had never experienced strong symptoms, if any, prior to that day. I suppose her body gave out a louder scream once it knew how "healthy" felt. No, you don't have to have the symptoms all your life for you to still have Celiac. Go to back to the physician; be persistant. You might also consider getting a second opinion, too. Oftentimes, it simply takes awhile to find out what the underlying cause is. I noticed that you didn't mention a biopsy out of all the tests you have had. A biopsy is the gold standard for diagnosing Celiac. It may give an answer to something that has remained hidden, too. I am not saying that Celiac what you have, but if you have exhausted other options, you may want to opt for a biopsy during which time a tiny piece of your intestines is taken and scrutinized. Also, has the doctor considered issues with your inner ears? When I had nausea and vertigo, it turned out the be an inner ear issue called BPPV. It would certainly seem as if the symptoms you have are all connected, but it is possible that the dizziness is only mildly connected to the abdominal pain, or even that they are different issues. Wishing you relief, Sharon  If your husband has a fever, I am surprised that his blood work came back nominal. I would expect to see evidence of inflammation or elevated white blood cell counts. He might be dealing with a viral form of bronchitis. I went through something similar earlier this summer. I had a wet cough that got worse at night, for over six weeks. If something like this is the case for your husband, then a long-lasting bronchitis that isn't responding to antibiotics may need other treatment. My family doctor prescribed a course of Prednizone to reduce the background of inflammation in my viral bronchitis and allow my system to throw off the bug itself. Your husband may wish to talk with his physician about whether a similar approach is appropriate for him as an individual. Note: although I am well read on some areas of chronic pain literature, I am not a physician. Regards Red Lawhern, Ph.D.  One possibility to be explored with an MD would be a chronic irritation of the valve which regulates food and water transmission into the stomach. I would suggest that you be evaluated by a GP or a Gastroenterologist before deciding that medication such as Prilosec is an appropriate way to address this problem. Note: though technically trained and a long time advocate for chronic face pain patients, I am not a physician. You need to see somebody who is. Red Lawhern, Ph.D.  I can understand how past injuries can have lasting affects, however, for your pain level to be that high - something else is clearly going on. If the doctors you have seen are not helping you figure out what the cause is, either you tell them to help you get to the bottom of this, or you will sue malpractice (God forbid something is wrong) OR go to another doctor, and if that one doesn't work, keep going until someone will help. My advice is to research the doctors in your local area. If you can, look up the doctors at the local/major hospitals. Usually, they not only have more expertise, but have better equipment; have lots of ideas on how to find out what the cause is; and are usually more motivated.  I was instructed by my Endocrinologist that if my blood sugar level tested 300 or higher twice in a row I was to go to the emergency room immediately following the second high reading. You need to do the same!  it must be because of gastric in your body due to stress or not getting proper sleep. be sure that you have the medical insurance also  Many, many things can cause chest pain although we worry about the heart being a cause of it typically first as heart disease can carry some serious consequences. At age 17, the risk of artery blockages leading to chest pain would be very unusual except in some cases of congenital coronary abnormalities. It is important that you have a complete history and phsyical exam by a physician to help look for causes of this persistent pain. They will ask questions about your activity level (for example, can you and do you exercise regularly without difficulities?) and carefully exam your heart, lungs and blood vessels. You deserve to get an answer for something like persistent pain and at age 17, it's a good time to be reminded of heart-healthy living with things like eating healthy, exercising regularly, avoiding tobacco products, etc.  Any chest pain that occurs in someone that has known coronary disease as you do with the 3 stents should be evaluated by a physician, especially if the symptoms are consistent with those occurring before the stents were placed. Other concerning symptoms are chest pains or discomfort that occur with exertion or stress. While there are many causes of chest discomfort, please take seriously these symptoms given the past history and talk with your doctor.  Any chest pain that occurs in someone that has known coronary disease, as you do with the three stents, should be evaluated by a physician, especially if the symptoms are consistent with those occurring before the stents were placed. Other concerning symptoms are chest pains or discomfort that occur with exertion or stress. While there are many causes of chest discomfort, please take seriously these symptoms given the past history and talk with your doctor.  You have hypertension and need to be on medication to control your blood pressure...that is what those numbers mean. If your doctor is not taking these elevated readings or your chest discomfort seriously, you need to see a cardiolgist or internist for a higher-level evaluation. You also need to see an ophthalmologist for you eye problems.  See a pulmonary (lung) specialist or allergist. I have never seen ibuprofen cause nighttime wheezing like you have described. Although it is possible, I think it would be unlikey as the sole cause.  Pain in this area, especially in a person who has been coughing for a week could indicate a few different things, but unfortunately, the exact cause could not be determined based solely on symptoms. He would need to be examined, and perhaps have another chest x-ray (findings can change). Basilar pneumonia (pneumonia the lower parts of the lungs can cause chest pain). Someone who is coughing can have muscle strain of the intercostal (between the rib) muscles. Finally, people who cough often swallow a great deal of air. When this air is trapped in the large intestines, it can migrate upward under the ribs, and cause pain due to pressure against the diaphragm. There can be other causes, of course. You are right to be concerned, so please see his medical provider again.  Keloids are very challenging to remove, so you will need the services of a good dermatologist to help you. Steroid injections are often used, but there are other methods that the dermatologist can discuss with you. This is not something you can do at home or with any over-the-counter medications. Surgically removing a keloid is iffy since the surgery, alone, can create a new keloid to replace the one that was removed.  You do not have to treat a fever , especially one this low. Fever is the body's normal response to fighting off an infection or inflammation. It is okay to give her some ibuprofen (much better than acetaminophen/Tylenol) to make her feel better, but you do not have to treat a fever. Fevers are not only harmless, they are therapeutic. The cause of a fever can be in the thousands, so please see her medical provider if she continues to be ill after two more days, or any time that you feel it is needed.  Many (most in fact) causes of bronchitis are viral, so the Z-pack may have done nothing. The prednisone may be helpful for a reactive/allergic cough but this does not cure a virus either. Neither medicine nor your disease should have a direct effect on your period, so you may need to consult your doctor, yet again, to take your evaluation and treatment up another notch.  I have plenty of ideas...hundreds, in fact, but an idea is not a definitive diagnosis. You need to see a medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. You may need some diagnostic tests, like a chest x-ray to rule out pneumonia or asthma. Since I do not know anything about you, your medical history, or have any way of examining you, my best advice is for you to be carefully examined.  You would need to ask your doctor....I have no way of knowing his/her rationale, but perhaps it was because he heard lung sounds that may be consistent with mild asthma or reactive airway disease -- a more severe form of allergies.  You can't "try" to be tall. If it happens, it happens. If late-bloomers are common in your family, there is still a chance that you will have a final growth spurt, but there is no way to make it happen. Basically, our height is determined at the moment of conception. Since you are a product of your parent's DNA, you could achieve your Dad's height, or a blending of both your mother and father's height, and I don't know how tall your mother is. Unless you have some very, very tall grandparents to influence your genetics, it may not be very likely, at your age, to reach 6' 4", but time will reveal that answer. You are already taller than the average American man, so congratulations. Any more height should be considered a bonus.  The only medications you can use are the one's your OB allows you to use. Call their office and you can get the patient specific "okay". There are no universal lists of safe medications, so each OB has their own preferences.  You should always be concerned about chest pain, but it would not be likely this would be related to your tetanus shot in any way. I don't know anything about you --- your age, risk factors, or anything about your medical history -- so if you are concerned enough to post, you should be concerned enough to see a medical provider -- someone who has the ability to examine you and determine the reason for your chest pain and irritabiltiy.  Absolutely. A cold is a viral infection, and a fever is just one of the ways the body fights this infection. A fever can also be a sign of a secondary bacterial infection, so if you are not improving or getting sicker, it would be best to see your medical provider.  It may be all in your head, but unless you saw a cardiologist, had an chest x-ray and/or echocardiogram, there is no way to know if someone has an "enlarged heart" or any other type of heart anomaly by just looking at the chest wall. These sudden deaths of heatlhy people do happen, unfortunately, and many never knew they had a problem. Have a good physical exam. If you have a family history of cardiac problem, get a clearance from a cardiologist. Since you are so worried, this may relieve your anxiety.  Keep in mind that not all of your symptoms need to be linked to one, universal cause. Fatigue, sore throat for a month? Think mononucleosis. Your doctor can order a sensitive EBV panel (not the less-sensitive mono spot test). Lump in breast in a 17 year old (male, I assume)? This is most likely adolescent gynecomastia. You can look this up on the Internet. This is quite common and related to hormones, but it may NOT go away in a "few months". It can last longer.  Perhaps, but this would only be used if the causes of your throat or chest pain was thought to be cause by a bacteria that would be sensitive to this potent antibiotic. If you are self-diagnosing and self-treating using an antibiotic prescribed to you in the past that you did not finish, or getting an antibiotic prescribed to someone else, I would not recommend it. You may not have enough for a complete course, or you may be taking an antibiotic for a viral infection (it would not work at all). Most sore throats are viral and the ones that are bacterial tend to be Strep, and ciproflxacin is not the drug of choice for a Strep throat. There can be many, many different causes of chest pain, and chest pain is not treated with antibiotics, unless of course, the cause of the pain was felt to be bacterial. Bronchitis, for instance, can cause chest discomfort, but the underlying cause is usually viral. Again...ciprofloxacin would not be appropriate in this case. Taking the wrong antibiotic, at the wrong dose, for the wrong reason can make these worse.  No, she will not get pregnant this way, but you are both involved in some risky sexual activity that may eventually escalate to even-riskier acts. If you both have decided to engage in sexual activity, you need to be very, very careful. Think about contraception.....just in case.  It would not be wise to self-diagnose yourself as having a secondary bacterial infection from your recent viral illness, and self-prescribed ampicillin. It would be advisable for you to be properly examined and diagnosed first by a medical professional. Ampicillin is not used very much any more, so it is unlikely that even if you did have a bacterial infection, this would not be the antibiotic of choice. Signs of secondary bacterial infection, such as pneumonia, as a result of a respiratory virus would be a high fever, a worsening cough with expectoration of dark phlegm, chest discomfort, rapid respiration, and lethargy. A mild sore throat or runny nose does not necessarily indicate a need for ampicillin.  Are you having risky behavior? Most definitely. Do you have an STD/HIV risk because of these two incidents? Yes. I think you know that. Should you be STD/HIV tested? Yes. Are the tests accurate? The tests are good, but tests are rarely "100%" accurate. This is why conscious prevention is really your only protection. You are the only one who knows....for sure....of your sexual exposure(s). You do NOT know 100% of the sexual exposure of your partners. People lie about this all of the time, Jake. Sadly, men in particular, are know for their convincing ability for telling untruths. You need to protect yourself. YOU and you alone are in charge of your sexual activities. Your partner has a shared responsibility but may not have the same moral compass as you. Sex is enjoyable....nature has provided this gift for us, but sex is not worth risking your health, sleepless nights of worry, or even dying for. Period.  As much as I would like to help you with this dermatological puzzle, it would not be possible for me, or any medical professional, to offer you an specific explanation or diagnosis for these "red spots" blindly over the Internet. In order to be properly diagnosed (and treated), a medical provider would need to physically SEE these spots and take an extensive medical history -- obviously not something that can be done on-line.  Chest pains, if they are from a cardiac cause, are ALWAYS concerning, and yes, can indicate a dangerous or life-threatening condition. You are at a higher risk for heart-related problems when you have high cholesterol and are in your 60's. While not all heart murmurs are considered dangerous, , I do not know what kind you have. You should contact your medical provider immediately about these on and off chest pains. This could be angina. Severe chest pain is a true, 9-1-1 call, so if this is what you are experiencing, you need to have immediate emergency intervention. Do not discount or ignore these possible warning signs. Your body, especially your heart, could be sending you important messages, so it would be wise to listen.  Probably nothing at all. You may have this extra hair genetically , but there is no reason for you to keep them. You can wax 'em off...pluck them out...or see a specialist and have this extra hair permanently removed. Most of these things are unwanted genetic gifts from your parents or grandparents, but if you feel you are having a hormonal problem that is resulting in excess hair growth, you would need to see your medical provider.  Yes...you have to take off the shirt, because even non-radio-opaque objects (like buttons) can hide a tiny mass, or mimic a mass. As far as a journal resource, you will need to find that yourself. You are doing this project, not me.  Yes. You should be concerned. Bubbling or gurgling sounds in the chest from coughing could be rales, a sign of pneumonia. There can be other causes as well. Since you are also having fever, it would be prudent to see your medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  You provided appropriate care. Causing intentional pain to try and stimulate someone who has fainted is not something that should be done in most case. Paramedics do this to check and see if someone is responsive (or dead), so as long as the fainting victim is breathing, just elevate those legs and allow them to recover gently.  Kindergarten is the cause of your daughter's frequent colds, coupled by her questionable personal hygiene and social commitments to her many friends. The average child gets 6-9 viral infections (mostly colds) per year, and most are in the winter months. When children are plunged into a new environment with new kids, they get new germs. There are over 200 different viruses that cause the common cold, so until she pays her dues....and gets enough colds to build her immunity, she will be be catching her share (and bringing them home to her family). In most cases, your daughter doesn't have a mysterious weak immune system. All she has is over-exposure to children her same age, all with the same questionable hygiene. The play together...touch each other (and everything else) and they are taught to share. Germs are freely shared. She will improve over time, but you are going to see un upswing of illnesses after the holidays because her colleagues are traveling to different locations, where they will pick up even newer and more-alien bugs, and bring them back to kindergarten to share....again. Hang in there. Medical providers can do little to prevent cold, and nothing to cure them. All we can do is treat symptoms, watch for complications, and wait them out.  Benadryl is very effective for hives because of the fast onset of the medication, but only lasts about four hours. Zyrtec tends to be slower in onset but lasts longer (24 hours). Both are antihistamines, of course, and most of the time you only need one of the other. On some occasions, however, when you have taken Zyrtec in the 24 hours, you can still get hives, so it is safe to take a dose of Benadryl. Benadryl does cause sedation, so please be careful if you need to drive.  This excellent site should help you.... http://www.webmd.com/heart-disease/guide-heart-failure  I suspect you have seen those television ads that promise compensation for male gynecomastia (enlarged breasts) due to an association with Respirdal. I see this common problem in pubescent many times per month, and none of them are taking Respirdal. Granted, I only have a few patients on this drug, and none of the boys have breast tissue. If there is a link, as the lawyer group claims, I sure have not seen it. I would seriously doubt that your son would have this problem surface seven years after taking this drug for only thirty days. He should see his medical provider, nonetheless, to be properly examined.  You do realize that the experts on WebMD have no way of seeing your skin lesions nor examining you....essential components for any medical professional in making an accurate diagnosis. Because of the duration of your skin problem (4-5 years now), it would be important for you to see a dermatologist -- an expert, and someone that can examine you first-hand. You do not want to trust a blind guess.  See your medical provider right away. Tachycardia (rapid heart rate) can be a sign of many different types of cardiac rhythm disorders, so you may need to see a cardiologist for a full, diagnostic work-up.  I don't think that four year old should be using albuterol (or Pulmicort) from a siblings prescription unless it was specifically prescribed by a medical professional. Coughs due to cold are not the same a a reactive airway requiring a potent bronchiodilator or steroid. The cough due to a cold is simply the way the body clears the airway of irritating mucous -- it does NOT need albuterol. Just because the four year old asks for an inhaler in no way implies she needs it....four year old know very little about pulmonology. They are really soliciting attention, so the cough should be addressed in a safer way...perhaps with a teaspoonful of honey...NOT albuterol.  You don't have insurance, and I can't see them over the Internet, so we have a dilemma. The only way that you can get an accurate diagnosis is for him to see a medical provider or dermatologist, but your guess is very good. These, may indeed, be molluscum contagiosum -- very common childhood skin eruption. If you didn't see the "dent" in the middle (called an umbilication), look closer with a magnifying glass. It may be there.  Assuming that his diagnosis was correct.....and as long as he is comfortable and feeling better on his medications, pleurisy should not be a big problem. I am a little concerned that the doctor gave an antibitoic, since pleurisy is usually viral (not bacterial). I also assume that you are going with him and there are medical facilities near the location of your camping. If I had pleurisy, I would rather be in my own house...on my own bed.  Cipro is an antibiotic used for certain types of BACTERIAL INFECTIONS. Colds are viruses, so antibiotics are ineffective. If you are self-diagnosing and self-treating, I would not recommend it.  Unfortunately, it is not possible to accurately determine a skin diagnosis blindly over the Internet. A desciption is just too vague, so this is going to require a hand-on, medical examination by your primary care clinician or a dermatologist.  My advice is for you to see a gynecologist to determine why your menses is delayed. There are hormonal ways of correcting this problem.  You need to see your medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated -- three essential components that cannot be done over the Internet.  A viral infection (in the lungs) or emphysema (a chronic lung condition) would not likely cause an abnormal CBC.  Did you see my profile picture? I look like a cross between Santa and Sasquatch. There is absolutely nothing wrong with a man with hairy legs and chest, but of course, I am not speaking from the preferences of a woman. I think men should look like men....not little, hairless boys, but to each his own.  I certainly do not know enough about you or your case to pronounce you "well" and free of all cardiac disease. If you are worried about the status of your heart, see a cardiologist and have an ECG taken on a treadmill. If the cardiologist pronounces you heart-healthy then you can be assured that all is well.  It is time for you to see another doctor -- a good internist -- for a second, diagnostic opinion. Just because no one can find a cause, does not imply that you are fine. Clearly, if you still having those issues, you need a more indepth assessment.  You may need a more comprehensive cardiac work-up, so my advice to you would be to see the best internist/cardiologist in your area for some additional tests. I don't know what studies were done in the hospital, but you may need others, perhaps even an angiogram.  The chance of a pregnancy is not very high....this time, but you are engaging in some very risky sexual behavior that could lead to a pregnancy situation in the future. I suspect this will not be the last time that you engage in these activities. Clearly, keeping a penis and sperm as far away from a vagina is the preferable. Practice using condoms during your sex play; thus containing ALL of the semen, or better yet, have your partner get on an effective form of contraception. It is only a matter of time, before your mutual passion and sexual excitation will lead to intercourse. Then, your chances are VERY GOOD that an unintentional pregnancy will happen. You and your partner are engaging in risky sexual activities, so act like a mature person. Be proactive, use more common sense. Use birth control. And, be very, very careful.  You could have lost it all in water weight. If you continue feeling bad and continue losing weight, see a doctor as soon as you can. It could be the warning signs of a problem with your thyroid, diabetes, or a whole host of other things.  Yes, depending on how much sodium, and water you consume. It may seem like your diet hasn't changed, but we typically don't notice an increase in water or salt. My weight can fluctuate between 3 - 7 lbs throughout the week by just water weight alone. Stress is also a factor that can affect your body's metabolism.  What a wonderful way to put that :)) Just relax. Mabe a warm shower and a pain pill or muscle relaxer. Don't try to do too much. That's my problem. I tell myself that I'd rather be in pain, than have to lay in bed. Keep the Faith..Sandy  Please stop taking so much aspirin. It will eat the lining of your stomach. Have you been to the doctor or ER? Go if not. Good luck  Me again, adding more symptoms. Whenever these pains occur. I feel them more when I breathe in, or when I try to push myself up/ get up from a lying position. My heartbeat seems steady enough. Leading me to think it might be a muscular/ rib problem?  Please go to your doctor and have them also check for Gerd (heartburn) after ruling out any other heart issues  That's absolutely normal. It's your scar tissue causing that feel and appearance.  It is not good to sit on your anxiety and do nothing. Yes, it does cause emotional and physical pain. Definitely. I've been through it, still battle it, and know what you mean. You must become proactive. Get started immediately to help yourself. Few people will understand how you feel. Unfortunately. You will have to do a lot, but not everything, alone. Maybe this (below) will help you in some way? I hope so.  You probably need to take your ass to the doctor before you get Alzeimers in your sleep and throw up everywere and dont know what the hell your doing.  If you could provide information about anything happening before walking to work, thirst, pace, distance, temp, etc it would be much appreciated. However, it sounds like it could be heartburn assuming: you ate a large breakfast with little to drink, you ate no breakfast and stomach is refluxing, if it is vertical in the dead center of your chest (right below throat,) pressing down on it helps... but without any more information I have no idea.  Wide exhale as you sit up keep going X he'll X heal oh yes were up angora dominoes almost there but just doing 17 the use 3 to one now walk your legs Bob allowed the ball to roll you up second exercise working you obliques pick the boy up overhead just and fun if y'all head now more or both to the right on left legs open shoulder width apart bend your knees slightly do not lock your knees up OVA over keep it going why one-sided deal because crunching the other side the structuring over exhale and those needs on should be feeling a bit tired now almost there and thanks 5 poll 3 to Juan down with the ball.  no  There are a number of OTC remedies that you can try. Most of them are either benzoyl peroxide or salicylic acid based. Give one or the other of those a try to see if you get any relief. Many patients get adequate relief from an over-the-counter remedy.  Wow nobody mentioned Hemothorax  its a normal reaction it means that you are slightly allergic to alcohol  if your allergies are making you develop fluid in your lungs then there is a possibility of pneumonia because pneumonia is when the fluid in your lungs gets infected. also yes allergies defiantly influence asthma.  It sounds to me like seed warts. My daughter had them and i let the Dr's burn them off and she has been scared scene I am not sure how to get rid of them but maybe you should check it out.  Hello. about 3 yrs ago I started to get weak, then started to get tired all the time. Also I started having chills, (like the flu) So I went to my doctor and he sent me directly to the emergency room. They said after I got seen that I had "Pneumonia" hopefully you don't have it. Had to stay in hosptital a wk.  steam always works for me i just sit in the tub and let the hot water steam around me. it also helps as an expectorant  sounds like a typical cold or cough. take zinc to knock out the little bugs that make ya feel icky  well, i thought this was a place where people could get some answers, but apparently not...  THANKS I HAVE BEEN HAVING A CHEST PAIN AND THRU MY UNDERARM SINCE EARLY THIS MORNING, I AM SCARED IT COULD BE A HEART ATTACK THEN AGAIN I HAVE EXPERIENCED THIS PAIN BEFORE BUT DOES NOT LAST AS LONG AS IT HAS TODAY...IT GETS WORSE WHEN I LAY DOWN...COULD IT BE GAS OR SHOULD I GO TO THE EMERGENCY ROOM  no   and are viral infections. Colds tend to run their course in 7 - 10 days, but it can take a little longer. Flu generally is at its worst for the first 3 or 4 days, but can take up to two weeks to ease up completely. Please click into the linked information and read about it. If more than 10 days go by and you still see no relief or your symptoms are getting worse, then you should call your doctor. He or she may want to see you in their office again or try another form of treatment. If you're considering taking antibiotics that were prescribed for something else, please don't do that without consulting your doctor. We hope you feel better soon! The WebMD Answers Staff  Variant angina is a type of angina (chest pain) that occurs at rest most often due to coronary spasm.  possibly scabies. The itching is intense at night, often not noticed during day.  POSSIBLE ULCERS OR GASTORITIST ADVILS OR ANTIINFLAMMITORIES CAN CAUSE PAIN IN STOMACH IF TAKING FOR LONG PERIODS AND CAN CAUSE SEVERE BLEEDING ULCERS THAT CAN BE LIFE THREATNING I SUGGEST A PEPCID OR TUMMS AND LET NEXIUM HAVE A CHANCE TO WORK IT IS A ACID BLOCKER OR REDUCER IT TAKES TIME USE TYLENOL OR IF PAIN IS A ISSUE SEE IF THE DR CAN GIVE SOMETHING LIKE TRAMIDOL[ITS NON-NARRCOTIC] OR EVEN GABBAPINTON FOR CERTAIN PAIN ISSUES LIKE FYBROMIALGIA OR NERVE PAIN OR SHAKIN LEG SYNDROME EVEN.THIS IS MY SUGGESTION FOR YOU TALK TO YOUR DR.  Do you consume a lot of sugar? I had similar symptoms then realized it was happening when I was drinking Mt. Dew. I stopped drinking Dew and it went away.  I would say yes, go to the er get checked out. It could be just a pulled muscle, or any number of things also depends what you did before pain started.  It never affects me that way and I sometimes take it every night along with other medicines that I have to take.  It could be a muscle spasm. They happen all over the body and if you've never had one before, they can be uncomfortable at first not knowing what it is. Not sure exactly what causes muscles spasms.  no its upto you  Could be scoliodis  If you really think it could be serious, you must go to the doctor. However, when I have anxiety or have a panic attack, it feels sort of like you described. I would talk to your loved ones and consider going to a doctor. I hope you feel better.  I would definitely go to the dermatologist to find out for sure. I have had allergic reactions to the sun, sun block, water in strange places that I'm not used to.  It sounds like you have been diagnosed with acid reflux. If you look at some of the symptoms there may be some overlap with IBS, but just cause you have acid reflux, doesn't mean you have IBS. http://www.webmd.com/heartburn-gerd/guide/acid-reflux-symptoms I hope this helps!  Hi, I have had these sorts of feelings when I was overwhelmed with work or family stress. But I felt compelled to also send you a link to this article on heart attacks and women - not to scare you - but because you can never be too careful with your health.  Here are the most common Fibromyalgia symptoms:  YES! Go to a doctor - now. If you can't afford a mammogram, let me know and I will get you in contact with a place to get one for free.    sounds like depression, or do you suffer from MS or any head trauma? If not its sounds like depression, if worse please seek a doctor. It is treatable.  I had exactly the same symptoms after giving oral sex! you are not crazy. infact, my GERD symptoms started after i gave oral sex to my female partner. I'm currently trying anti-fungals in the hope to solve the root cause of the problem. would really appreciate if anyone has some help to offer. thanks  I had gastritis and it made me vomit from eating, made me extremely nauseas. You also might have GERD. You need to take prilosec and watch out for trigger foods.  Could it possibly have something to do with your gallbladder? When bad, it has very abnormal effects. Go and see a gastroenterologist. He's the best choice.  I have had the problem for a while and it has gotten worse with age  Yes this is exactly what I have, But I also have scoliosis, the worst kind, some exercises are out of range for me, mainly the ones you have to twist, and stretch, fighting battle for me.  I had this similar sensation when taking another weight loss medication and my doctor switched me right away. I now take adipex and have not had that sensation I would see if another one works better for you.  One should have an indication of infection by the color of the mucus, i.e. clear/white to yellow to green. Green being a sign of probable sinus/bronchial infection.  I have experienced the same thing - it is very scary. The doctor's attribute it to extreme acid reflux. I am taking medication for the acid reflux and it helps; however, every now and then I eat more of a food I should eat in moderation - I overpower the medicine and once again have radiating pains in my chest, throat, and jaw. Hope this helps - ask your doctor. Good luck!!  If the woman had gonorrhoea, it can cause a throat infection though not chronic. It is very likely that it is a result of your GERD. You may require certain lifestyle modifications like decreased caffiene intake, chocolates, by stopping late meals and increasing excercise.  Sleep, if you can. try restful music or tv if you can't. or a book  was on klonopin for 4 years 2 milligram..last week they switched me to xanax, not sure its working yet  Ventral Hernia i have the same thing an i done some research and i am pretty sure it is a Ventral Hernia but i will no very soon for a have made an appointment for my family doctor and i will post the results on here for you good luck to you and i hope its fixable i read about it and with surgery it can be fixed but don't leave it too long ok cheers and talk to you soon with real answers  well talk to your doctor about celiacs disease   vericose vains most likely if there purple or blue  heartburn try antiacids like tums or even sprite helps some times even try tonic water  Your friend needs to seek medical attention right away .Take him to the emergency room.  Take her back to her allergist as soon as you can. I don't know if her Dr prescribed the Zyrtec but there are other medicines that can control the other symptoms . And be sure to be following the advice of the allergist. It may be something else triggering her allergies or asthma. My daughter takes Nasonex along with Oceans nasal spray and Asmenex Twist Inhaler for breathing then also Loratidine,and those seem to do the trick for her .But shes never been given Zyrtec .Hope this helps.  I had similar symptoms and it was concerning enough for my doctor to put me into the hospital to run tests to check if I was having a heart attack. Men and women can have different symptoms when they are having a heart attack. Women in particular can have abdominal pain, nausea, and back pain when they are having a heart attack instead of the "classic" signs! I hope this helps!  Have you ever seen that comercial of a person with an elephant sitting on their chest?I think it is a C.O.P.D. comercial.It also says something about having a hard time breathing.Have it checked out to make sure what it is.  Thank you for those answers. Turns out, I am not pregnant, just experiencing what the doctor called a hysterical pregnancy. My hormones are crazy and the anxiety was adding to it. But thank you again for the answers!  ask about alprazolam 0.25 mg oral tabs  Have you always been this way? If yes then it could be Celiac (SEE-lee-ak) disease. A digestive condition triggered by consumption of the protein gluten, which is primarily found in bread, pasta, cookies, pizza crust and many other foods containing wheat, barley or rye. People with celiac disease who eat foods containing gluten experience an immune reaction in their small intestines, causing damage to the inner surface of the small intestine and an inability to absorb certain nutrients. Celiac disease can cause abdominal pain and diarrhea.  Actually, you need to see a gastroenterologist (GI) doctor who specializes in digestive issues and diseases. I wouldn't jump to celiacs because celiacs is a fairly rare condition. Much more likely that you have some form of inflamatory bowel disease. I would suggest seeing a GI doc as soon as possible. You'll need a colonoscopy in order to get a better idea of what's actually going on.  yes  I also suffer from depression, stemming from Multiple Sclerosis. Initially I didn't feel I was stressed either. Mr doctor told me that dealing with the pain from the MS was causing the depression.  could be indijestion, or heart, goal bladder, heart burn??  what do they look like? size? Round or irregular shape? what color? How did they go away before?  Have u had a chest x-ray?If not u should.I have had pluresy twice which is fluid arround the lungs.it is uncomfortable and can not be cured just has to run it's course .But having a chest x-ray would rule out fluid in the lungs also.   I facilitate a GriefShare worldwide program that helps people who are grieving a death to find solace and to learn what to expect in the different phases of grief. It can be very normal to develop physical symptoms like you are having. To be a part of a GriefShare program go to www.griefshare.org and check in your area by entering your zip code to see if there is one available near you. I have seen it help many to understand that grief is real, it is normal after a loss, but the good news is that it will end. Grieving and missing your loved one is not the same thing. You will stop grieving in time, but you will always miss them and thankfully missing them is much easier than the grieving process. My prayer is that you can find a GriefShare near you and begin very soon. God Bless You  You might have scolioisis. That is a symptom where your spine curves to one side at a certain angle. I had it for 3 years and had to wear a brace. It can cause pain.  It is hard to determine if it is shingles from your description. Look up pictures and descriptions online and see if your symptoms are similar and it isn't necessary to see a doctor as you will know if you have shingles or not. One of the better treatments that is cost efficient is l-lysine which is an amino acid and has been statistically proven to help reduce outbreak period. Hope this helps  It can be caused by many things. I had "vertigo" from a medication I was on once. The ER doctor asked me if the room felt like it was spinning or did I feel like I was spinning. He explained that usually if the cause is from the neck up (inner ear, ear infection, etc.), you will feel like the room is spinning and if the cause is from the below the neck (such as cardiac issues), you feel like you're spinning. Some of your symptoms are also those of diabetes. If the room is spinning, you can take Meclizine OTC (check with a pharmacist if you are taking other medications). If the problem is inner ear or an ear infection, this should help your symptoms. If it doesn't help or your symptoms get worse, you should probably see a doctor to rule out more serious conditions.  You dont need to think youre strange or odd. Most people at one time or another in their life become afflicted with such types of sharp chest pains. A good thing to know is that pain that is sharp, like needle is not often due to heart blockages.  definately can come back! allergies has a lot to do with it.  oh sure just be careful no traidmil if it's your leg  i have a friend who her husband is the same way and yes he does have some anger issue, get tempered too easily (especially from jealousy) in my opinion he not independent like he should be. children who sleep in their own room without their parents, even with their sibllings if close enough would seem to have more independent growing up than those who sleep with their parents for many years. i do not know about it be a psychological problems or not.  I do know the top number is how fast the blood is going into your heart and the bottom number is the pressure on your heart between beats. I was on bp meds because my bottom number got so high  Its not heartburn this a way different pain then heartburn  if it's recommended  cracked rib  my husband cholesteral 3 # are LDL 104 and TG 352 HDL 26 are these numbers bad and if yes what can i do for his diet  something ive learned about having panic attacks is, they cant and will not kill or hurt you. But that aside, what I do to stop my panic attacks is this, and doing this can stop them just as quick as it comes. When you feel your panic attack coming, tell your self out loud or scream it in your mind that I am fine, I am ok, stop, stop, stop ,stop, go away. And repeat it over and over till it goes away. By telling your brain to stop, it breaks the panic signal and replaces it with the stop signal. Try it, it works for me, please try it, and next time it happens, just stay calm, try to breath normal, and tell your mind what I said. Hope it works for you. also you can do this, www.anxietypanicsupport.com Its a free chat room, I promise, my screen name is joker, and there is a lot of ppl on there that can help you with anxiety. You can come in as a guest or make a name.  The same thing happened to me. I thought I was having heart issues, but all the tests came back negative. It was determined that it was anxiety. A prescription of Xanax was all I needed. I still have flare-ups of anxiety from time to time, so I simply take the Xanax as needed.  Seems like Anxiety and nerves can do alot more than most people would think. My nerves are really bad too at times and causes me upset stomach, bathroom trips. Hope everything works out for you!  This could be caused from a pulled muscle. Using ice for 20 minutes followed by heat for 20 minutes may relieve this pain. If this does not seem to help, contact your MD. Good luck!  but he has no fever  No, not HF&M. nothing in her mouth, her feet or hands. just on her limbs and trunk of her body. i wish i could post a picutre on here.....  I have chest pain all the time and they ran some test and found out that I have severe gastritis and a spasm esophagus.You might what to have that checked. They told me that when my esophagus spasms that it could feel like I am having a heart attack.  You might want to talk with your doctor about asthma.  eeeeeesssshhhhh.. well the high wbc indicates some kind of infection,but it doesnt tell u where the infection is , the same with the fever and the chills,but the blurry vision makes me think that it could be (I'M NOT A DOCTOR AT ALL ,i'm just smart when it comes to medical stuff) it makes me think that there could be something going on in ur brain but im not a doc. have the docs uve been to have the done brain testing? if not then ask if they think it could be ur brain cause thats my hunch.......  i think it's acid build up that gives the cramp. usually, athlete having cramp means they're not physically/conditionally fit to get muscle cramp.  i would go and have it checked out with your past family history.  You need to visit a Gastroenterologist to classify what type of disease you have this may be a serious Gastrointestinal disease.  Hi, It sounds like your accident was quite traumatic, and your symptoms may be due to stored emotional and or physiological sensations from the accident. Look at Traumasoma.com. Dr. Scaer is an expert on Trauma and his information may give you some insight and direction for treatment. Peter Levine is also a top expert in this area. Plenty of videos on YouTube also. Good luck!  The best advice I can give is to go see an oncologist. He/she would be the only one that could diagnose you with Lymphoma.  absolutely not some one who has a heart rate like that likely has high blood pressure which causes hypertension. Go get a stress test done along with chest x-ray  no...u should have a complete of rest.for your lungs to be healthy.  Some times extreme weight loss, or exercise can throw a wrench in the flow, ya know? Call your doctor to make sure. ;)  yes  Why would you want to take two antihistamines. You may want to talk to a doctor and get a stronger prescription antihistamine if either of these are not very effective for you.  Pleurisy is a type of bacterial chest infection. It will go away but only if you see a doctor and get antibiotics. Other medications may be prescribed also. A chest X-ray needs to confirm diagnosis.  My experience was an allergic reation to an antbiotic. I was eventually diagnosed with exfoliative erythroderma. It took a about two months and a ten day hosptal stay to get that diagnosis. The longer no action was taken, the worse the condition got. My reconmendation is to persue this untill you have a finite action plan. My diagnosis came from a dermotologist that was recomended and arranged by my allergy and asthma doctor. Treatment was long (over a year), and I experienced many complications.  I recently fainted. I had cramp at the waistline for nearly 10mins. My eyes started to blur. Then my nose felt like it wasn't taking in enough air or there is a weird scent in the air. Then i had total tunneled vision. My neck couldn't support the head. Limbs are working well. Hearing fine. My lungs felt like it was burning. The bystander asked questions, which I understand and answered them.Took a few before my vision was back after drinking water and while snacked on my chocolate bar. Found out I was sweating like I done 200m run. Left me with a mild headaches. Which is slightly different from above.  panic disorder see a psycologist  It could be viral instead of bacterial. Were his symptoms different when he had the Xray? If it was bacterrial generally the Complete blood count would show high White blood cells .Has he had any cultures taken? Marieh9  I would go back to the the doctor and make sure that it is not bacterial. They can do a respiratory culture. If it is viral it wil pass. If it bacterial it could be resistant to the antibiotic prescribed. Marieh9  If it is calcified, then it can be caused by a lot of things. Do you have night sweats, low grade fever and cough? Any symptoms? If you have these it could be due to a past infection with TB. You can have a nodule in the lung without it becoming active TB. TB can be dormant until you become immunocompromised then it can come out as disease. Also, dense calcified nodules can be due to inhalation of asbestos, coal , and other chemicals and the body walls it off. Other things it can be are sarcodosis, and haemosiderosis. Are they going to do a biopsy? At this point I can't say what the percentage it is of any of these things. It depends on what you or you and your famliy have been exposed to. hope this helps, marieh9  besides angina i also have shortness of breath and become light headness, feel like i'm going to throw up, numdness in my left leg. tried all the time.blurred vision also.  it sound like you are having what is called an angain attack. you need to go to the ER and get it check out before it become a full heart attack.  you could be having what's called a minor heart attack.go to the ER and get tested before it become more serious.  sounds like pulled muscle strain. if the pain persists after your menstrual cycle and more than two weeks with no work-outs, consult your doctor.  not necessarily but you do want to stop activity and take you Blood Pressure  yes  have you been checked for pleurisy??? It might be causing the pain in your chest.... I had pain in my left upper side.... took them forever to figure it out, but meds made it all better.  exact same symptoms.... mine went on for years before it was properly diagnosed  I had a really bad cough in January this year. Since then, I have had a off and on pain in my chest that happens especially when I twist my upper body . There is no shortness of breath or pain anywhere else.  It sounds like he needs to be tested for Sleep Apnea. He should definitely talk to his doctor about this asap. Sleep Apnea can cause High Blood Pressure, cardiac problems, headaches, excessive daytime sleepiness and other things.  well only thing i can think of other than things like anti acids is milk drinking milk can really help .. due to the fact its a natural anti acid... also he could ahve acid reflucks , typo sry lol , for now tell him to drink the milk water even though it may seem like it would help wont and eatting to much at one time will also make it worse, i would get him to start eatting little means and drinking more milk .... and if that doesnt help him .... knock him out n take to the doctor :) ( with men thats the only way to get them to do what we want ) lol also tell him that if left untreated it can burn through the lineing of your stomach and believe me cause i have acid refluks its more painful than he would think ..... i hope this helped and i hope ur husband feels better :)  your lung could be causing the pain its the only part you would feel pain in your back and front... u said u had a cold were you coughing alot? it could b a upper respitory infection, are you coughing up anything? i think stay on the cold meds , if u smoke try to limit yourself cause that will make it worse, and drink lots of water , itll help wash out whatevers giving you pain. if it doeant go away within 5ish day go to your doctor about it, i hope you feel better :)  I would agree that this could be hypoglycemia or at least hypoglycemia can cause this symptom. I'd recommend getting your husband to a doctor (I know that is easier said than done sometimes). This issue and the chest pain should be looked at. Just schedule a regular physical and inform the doctor of these symptoms. Good Luck  It can't be good. Your losing all your iron & see a doctor. You might have fibroid tumors.  Hi my name is nohealani, and believe it or not when my nose gets that bad, as wierd as this may sound. when I go to sleep at nite or when Im at home relaxing, I get some tissue and roll it up and put it up each of my nostrils.It really helps me at nite, because Im not constantly getting up to blow my nose. It usually takes a few days but before you know it your nose will dry up. sounds wierd ,but wouldnt hurt to try it. and it does'nt cost anything.  I agree with the above advice, however I would also recommend going to a doctor and checking for any internal damage from your falls. I did cheer also and understand the risks and accidents that happen with the "sport". Make sure when you took your pregnancy tests that they were taken correctly, by this I mean that you waited the proper amount of time.  I have also had the same problem of pain when swallowing food. I have drunk hot tea with honey (no milk) and that helps with the pain. Drink often, as needed, and the pain will subside. Honey acts like an antibiotic, and has natural healing powers unlike over the counter medications.  Can be acid reflux. I have had that. It feel like you are burning inside. Try zantac or nexium but check with your doc because it could be something more serious. hope this helps  For me that is usually a sign of ear/ sinus infection. I have had so many the blocked feeling is usually the only way I can tell. I say if you can go to a walk in clinic or a quick visit with your doc should be an easy fix.  you have chest pain you should get an examination by your physician. While it isn't lasting throughout the day, it is concerning and there are several reasons that could explain why it is happening. Instead of guessing, or doing nothing at all, please follow up with your personal care provider and get examined.  You need to see your doctor. The pain is most likely musculoskeletal pain caused by the MVA, which can be from hitting your chest on something, or by muscle spasms. BUT in saying that, without being able to examine you, there's no way for me to definitively say that its simply from the MVA. ANY time someone has chest pain, no matter for how long, they should always see their doctor right away.  These symptoms seems related to asthma, or COPD. A doctor should be consulted. Another possibility could be sleep apnea; do you snore while sleeping? It too is an issue that needs professional attention.  YES, most definitely! Especially if there is no reason as a bump, or hit to your body that would cause a bruise. Anemia is associated with bruising, but your symptoms seem more serious. Vitamin C supplements help thicken the skin, but need to be taken in large doeses. Personally I took 3000 mil. daily until symptoms disappeared. Time released vitamin C taken morning, noon, and night, daily with offer results within 30 days.  Have your self checked out for a possible blood clot I had the same thing happen to me a few ears ago and that is what they found in my right lung.  no  A PE Pulmonary Embolism is probably resolved by now, with the use of Coumadin. You'd know if it wasn't. You'd be dead. It's probably something else. The blood test D-dimer is a blood test which is a marker for a desolving clot. In my opinion you have another pathology that's restricting blood flow to your brain. I'd advise to have a CTA of the brain/neck to diagnosis a plaque deposit in the carotid arteries. Don't know your age??? I'd also advise a nuclear stress test or a heart cath. This is to rule out heart muscle disease. Lightheadedness has a bunch of possibilities. Almost as many as headaches or abdominal pain. Start at the most common causes and work your way back to the most obscure. It could be as simple as panic attacks or as obscure as a some congenital defect. Probably something in between. An EKG is usually resting. You need a stress test. Heart tests are more accurate under stress.  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  I have psoriasis. I cannot see my back. But the symptoms sound the same. Sweating and getting hot increases it. Try a cool bath or shower with oatmeal soak. See a dermatologist.  his symptoms were exactly the same then as they are now..just no real improvement since being on the antibiotic  Can be allergies, sinus infection, or who knows. There is something called an expectorant which can be bought over-the-counter which helps to break up the congestion and eliminate it from the body...usually in spitting out phlegm balls (gross).  Many things it sounds like anxiety,but i would check with your PCP  Have they checked for blockage from the heart, just wondering  ask your doctor about apace maker  If it was a severe PE, then you will know when your lungs start breathing at full capacity again. Sometimes you don't really know when it's gone. Your best fight against PE's and making sure they will not hurt you and will desinigrate is making sure your PT/INR is always, and I mean always at a theraputic.  better to waste someones time than your life go see someone  it is not IBS...it is bile reflux...u can probably get GERD or gastritis or even peptic ulcer if this condition is prolonged....  Gas and anxiety is another form of chest discomfort.  He is having an anxiety disorder and his symptoms are quiet severe so he definitely needs medication at least for 6months. So consult a psychiatrist and take regular medications so that he could be free from his symptoms. And also he can do relaxation therapy daily along with medications so that he can manage and see a difference in him. Or he could even go for yoga for 1 or 2 months. Gud luck  i would see your doctor.. your lungs could have fluid in them  i had some of the same symptoms was told it was stress was started on a beta blocker called atenolol chest discomfort went away pounding in chest went away blood pressure fine most of the time  yes  Allergies .Give childrens antihistimes-Benydril,  Not usually but the after effects do! If you're experiencing a sort of negative excitement feeling in your chest, like the feeling we get if we hear a big bang and are anticipating a dramatic scene occurring.. THAT feeling in your chest with shortness of breath but not as dramatic as a full blown attack (close enough though) then its just considered anxiety.  I would be taking him to the doctor and letting a him listen to his lungs.  The lung has been punctured.  I would not to error on the side of caution. I just copied this from the PDR (Physian's Desk Reference) " Risk of Fetal Harm - Benzodiazepines can potentially cause fetal harm when administered to pregnant women." So, I hope this helps answer your question. Good luck and be safe. I hope you get the answer that you want at the Docter's tomorrow.  No, you should not. They both can be harmful to the baby. If you can try drinking some Chamomile Sleeptime tea, take a hot bath, meditate, anything that is relaxing and soothing. I also have axiety and there have been time I have had to go without my meds..... it is wicked hard and I have a 10 year old son to boot! I love him to my soul, but there are those days. I found this is what helps me. If I ask my parents to take my son for the afternoon, make a VERY large cup of Chamomile tea, make sure it's the Sleeptime, take a hot bath, then go crawl in bed and put my favorate radio station on very low, just sing the songs ...... then I can get through it. Well, thats what works or me. If even trying to get through my lenghty process takes your mind off what your triggers are until you can get through the day, then what is the harm?..... nothing to that baby! Aha!!!! Good luck and Congrats on your little bundle of JOY!!!  yes  As I am not a doctor I won't even speculate on what injury or issue you may be having. However, you may try having an MRI done, that was how I found out I had herniated the c5-c7 vertebrae in my neck in a car crash.  Anxiety is very physical and don't let others do the helpful things like saying "Just quit", "Just don't let it get to you", etc. It is your body reaction to the environment and your systems react quickly and badly. While others are letting bad things pass off them like water off a duck you are absorbing every dang thing...the emotions, the sounds, the fears, the visions,....all of it. You go on overload. Non medical solution is to always move from the location, don't return to it till ALL the anxiety is over, avoid places and people that you know will trigger it, ignore people that have lots of advice for you that includes discounting what you are experiencing. Avoid caffeine or anything else that will increase your heart rate. Try meditation in a quiet, dimly lit, silent place or just soft wordless music. It can be controlled but ONLY if you can find a way to feel your environment isn't a mess of loose strings and unguided paths. You MUST feel you have control of your life....so take it. Best of luck.  what is angina?  he needs to see a doctor there is something wrong with his blood oxygen levels  