I had same problem w/neck. Please go get Cat scan ,they blew it off cause "I was too young to have Throat Cancer" Well I just finished operation on inside of throat ,29 treatments of chemotherapy and radiation for STAGE 4 THROAT CANCER FROM HPV!!!! Good luck!  It sounds like it could be a mild form of staff. I had something similar and my doctor gave me pills. But another doctor told me to take a bath in plain water and a cap of bleach and after about a week it went away.  I've had stage 4 COPD for the last 9 years. None of the medications I've been given, or treatments for this disease that I've been given in all that time would adversely affect anyone's breathing. Worst case scenario would be that the treatment does nothing.  Was the 'head' removed? Think...did the front of the tick, between it's front legs have a drop of blood/liguid visible after removal? Was the tick at all actively flailing its legs/trying to move? (As opposed to a piece of you attached to it resembling a small blood blot and a highly active tick IF RECENTLY ATTACHED)  Hey don't worry! This can be due to following reasons: You don't like attending classes You are not interested in homework and don;t understand in class. So for this try to make yourself attentive in class, when you start understanding you will automatically start doing HW as well as feel interested in classes.  Don't know  Tell her to goto another doctor, those are also symptoms of a heart attack. Don't want to cause undue worry but I had those symptoms that was leading up to my heart attack.  Anaphylaxis develops rapidly within minutes to a few hours after exposure to a provoking trigger. The quicker anaphylaxis develops, usually the more severe the reaction. Most cases of anaphylaxis are not life threatening, but it can be fatal. Anaphylaxis is a severe, whole-body allergic reaction. Chemicals are released from cells in the body when they are exposed to a trigger. The trigger can be a variety of substances such as bee venom, a medication, or a food. Anaphylaxis may begin with severe itching of the eyes or face and, within minutes, progress to more serious symptoms. These symptoms may include difficulty breathing, swallowing, diarrhea, hives, abdominal pain, and swelling underneath the skin (angioedema). Anaphylactic shock is the most severe form of anaphylaxis and causes low blood pressure and difficulty breathing. The chemicals released as part of the allergic reaction cause blood vessels to dilate or swell. Circulation and respiratory failure can occur. The reaction may be fatal if emergency treatment is not given immediately. Generally, with treatment, anaphylactic symptoms resolve. However, there can be a reoccurrence of symptoms that develops without another exposure to the trigger. This second reaction has been reported to develop in up to 23 percent of initial anaphylactic episodes in adults. The second reaction typically occurs within 8 to 10 hours after the initial symptoms have resolved, although recurrences up to 72 hours later have been reported. In extreme cases, protracted anaphylaxis has occurred which lasts for hours, days, or even weeks. Talk with your doctor about your symptoms and concerns. Anaphylaxis is not always easily diagnosed because the symptoms are varied and can mimic other conditions. Anaphylactic reactions typically occur when a trigger is re-introduced. The body becomes sensitized to the trigger. Since you have had reactions to medications and are re-starting a medication, you may want to take the first dose of the medication at your doctors office so that you can be monitored. When it comes to anaphylaxis, the smart thing to do is to be cautious and seek immediate attention.  To feel like you are dying at age 18 is very concerning. You should definitely consult your family physician and possibly see a specialist. Persistent symptoms, after Lyme disease has been treated appropriately with antibiotics, is a very controversial area. We do know that long-term antibiotics do not help and are associated with serious complications. We also know from recent studies that Lyme disease does not relapse, but you can get reinfected. The most common symptom of Lyme disease is a classical rash, erythema migrans, and patients who get this rash again have another infection, not a relapse. A small percentage of patients who are treated for Lyme disease (10-20%) develop persistent symptoms, which may last for 6 months or more. This syndrome is called Post-treatment Lyme Disease Syndrome (PTLDS). According to the most recent advice from the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) there are many fraudulent products claiming to treat "chronic Lyme disease". So be cautious and make sure you are not being treated by quacks. Treatment by a physician associated with a University teaching hospital would be a good choice. In addition to seeing your physician and making sure there is no other condition responsible for your symptoms, the CDC recommends that you eat a healthy diet and get plenty of rest, talk to a counselor, and keep a diary of your activities and symptoms.  Pregnancy can be a scary time and all women worry about whether something they did might harm their baby. The best advice is to never take any medication, both over the counter and prescription, during pregnancy without first discussing this with your doctor. The first trimester is a time where the baby is developing and miscarriages happen. A few studies have suggested that medicines like ibuprofen, which is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), can increase the risk of a miscarriage in the first trimester. But other studies have failed to find a connection. A recent study done at Vanderbilt, though, has good news. This study looked at over-the-counter NSAID use in pregnant women during the first six weeks of pregnancy and found that there was not an increased risk of miscarriage. There are also concerns that NSAIDs can cause heart problems in the baby in the third trimester. In general, women should avoid medication use during pregnancy, if possible, and always talk to their doctor first. Most experts think that acetaminophen (Tylenol), rather than an NSAID, is a safer option for occasional pain relief during pregnancy.  My personal preference is heat. It seems to be better for me than ice. Some people get better relief from ice, so I would suggest try them both, and then use what works the best for you.  I get this too. Its due to the high salt/urea level of your sweat. Assuming it irritates your skin, but the irritation is in areas like armpits and groin, using a barrier/anti chafing cream (just mustnt be water soluble) will reduce the irritation to the point you may not get a rash).    I'd go to the doctor. She is probably allergic.  Although I don't known your medical history or possible other symptoms, I highly recommend that you seek emergency treatment immediately. As a matter of fact, please and allow professional medical personnel to assess the cause of your pain. You have everything to lose by delaying medical evaluation.   Yes, a heart attack may happen to individuals with a pacemaker. Heart attacks typically occur when the heart muscle cannot obtain a sufficient amount of oxygen. The lack of oxygen may cause the heart to beat faster and thus requiring even more oxygen. The lack of oxygen and blockage of the heart (usually by fats), causes the heart to eventually flutter or vibrate until it eventually stops beating. A pacemaker is programed to regulate the heart by sending out electrical pulsations to help the heart beat at regular intervals, but will not necessarily prevent a heart attack. In essence, the pacemaker replaces the hearts electrical system, but has no effect on blocked blood vessels. Without the pacemaker, some people would have a heart that beat too slowly, to rapidly, or irregularly (arrhythmias). A heart that beats too slowly, too fast, or irregularly may cause organ failure, fatigue, and even death.   The first doctor to assess the condition should be your primary care physician. The family doctor will be able to review the patient's medical history and will have familiarity with your husbands overall health. The diagnostic process for neck pain can involve different body systems. The pain can be caused by nerve disorders, muscle injuries, and even some diseases such as infections. The general practice doctor can evaluate the symptoms, order diagnostic tests like blood work and x-rays, and determine what kind of specialist is needed. Based on your husbands condition and preliminary tests results, the primary care physician may start treatment before referring him to one of the following specialist: Back and neck problems can become like a painful nightmare. Since you've tried OTC medications coupled with heat/ice compresses without improvement, it is time to see the Family Doctor. If he cannot be seen within a day or two a visit to the local hospital's emergency room is justified. I hope that your husband's condition improves quickly.   You are correct in suspecting that the Paxil is no longer working at controlling your conditions. Many of the SSRI's, including Zoloft and Prozac, have the same quality of no longer working after a period of therapeutic symptom improvement. After several years of reliable benefit, these SSRI's may even begin to heighten the anxiety symptoms. I would not recommend taking Abilify. It has been shown to have many serious side-effects including affecting blood sugar results. While I understand that you do not want to give-up on a drug that once was effective, it is probably best to try another medicine.  It is unlikely that your knee surgery has any relationship with your stiff neck. Stiff necks are most frequently a result of trauma in the form of moving suddenly in a jerky fashion. The stiff neck may also be caused by haphazard sleeping positions or maintaining a general poor posture. Treatment of a stiff neck may start with warm compresses, massage of the affected area with over the counter muscle creams and liquids, and the taking of analgesic medications. If your neck remains stiff and painful after 72 hours following the recommended treatment, a visit to your family doctor or the chiropractor is justified.  Yes, it is possible that you had a heart attack. Undiagnosed heart attacks happen frequently and can be serious. Some studies suggest that up to 25% of all Myocardial Infarctions (Heart Attacks) are of the "Silent Type" where the heart is damaged by a lack of oxygen. Women are especially prone to "silent heart attacks". This type of heart attack may present with symptoms less dramatic than those as described in the "elephant sitting on my chest" variety . With vague or even no symptoms occurring, the heart attack may be overlooked and picked up later on EKG studies. Some of the symptoms as you described happening two weeks ago fit with those seen in "silent heart attack" victims (chest pain and weakness). An acute myocardial infarction can lead to chronic heart failure where swelling of the ankles is a common symptom. A second heart attack may occur bringing with it even more heart damage. My suggestion is to notify your medical doctor of your chest pain and swollen feet and ankles. Your current symptoms and the recent unsettling medical event deserve to be professionally assessed. If you feel like you may be having a heart attack or cannot talk with your doctor soon, then a visit to the hospital emergency room is justified. Minutes save lives and you may not get a second chance. With even a remote possibility of your having had a heart attack, It is better to err on the side of caution and see a doctor.   That Xanax medication prescribed to you back in 2011 should still be safe and effective. A federal law was passed in 1979 requiring manufacturers of medications to assign product expiration dates. This date was intended to provide the consumer with a time deadline that ensured full potency and drug safety. Sometime after creating the 1979 law, a study was reported to have occurred by the FDA in response to a U.S. military quandary. The government maintained (and probably still does) a large stockpile of expensive medications (prescription and over-the counter types) and had to dispose of and replace these drugs every few years. The results of the study showed that 90% of the more than 100 drugs looked at were absolutely safe and effective for usage even after 15 years past their assigned expiration date. Many pharmacologic experts believe that expired drugs are safe to take, even those that expired some years ago. Although the potency of a drug may decrease over time, much of the original potency still remains intact even a decade after the expiration date. With the possible exceptions of insulin, liquid antibiotics, and nitroglycerin, most medications have long shelf lives just as the ones tested by the FDA for the military. If the medication is stored in a dry, cool, and darkened container, its potency and overall safety should remain for years beyond the stamped manufactures expiration date. There are many anecdotal web accountings swearing that just about all medications are still safe and effective well beyond the expiration date stamped on their bottle or box. Even my bottle of spring water that was purchased last week shows a stamp text indicating... Best By 04/08/16. I know that water is not the same as medication, but Id drink that unopened bottle of water after 4/8/16 and use the past expiration Xanax pills. I'd fully expect to experience no negative consequences. I am not saying to stock-pile medications for usage beyond their expiration dates. Admittedly when possible, it is a good practice to follow the manufacturers expiration date and throw-out outdated medications. But in a pinch, using medications past their expiration dates for a brief period of time should not present a health danger. It is also important to realize that at best these dates may be well intended, but perhaps arbitrarily assigned without sufficient scientific testing.  The only chance that I see to save your husband's life is through the involuntary commitment process into a psychiatric facility. The laws concerning involuntary commitment vary from state to state. Essentially your husband will need to be professionally evaluated to ensure that due to his illness, he is refusing treatment, is unable to understand his need for treatment; and if not treated immediately on an impatient basis is likely to deteriorate emotionally or physically causing self harm. I would begin the process by phoning your local government and asking for help. Most communities have mental health departments that should support the patient and their families during the time of a mental health crisis. I wish you well as you deal with a very difficult situation.  I hope that you've already received the answers that you're seeking along with a large dose of positive resolution.I just saw your posting today, the sixth day, and wanted to offer my help. I am not an expert in diagnosing medical conditions, but do have an education and work history directed heavily in the medical sciences. Additionally, my daughter and son-in-law have been paramedics for over 15 years. With that introduction, here are my thoughts on your symptoms and blood studies: 1. As you know , some of your symptoms can easily fit into more that one medical category. Additionally, your symptoms and out of range lab results are suggestive of irregularities that could be associated with various body organ abnormalities. Some of these conditions are very serious while many others are much more palatable. I am sure that at this point, you just want an answer. 2. My list of possible medical conditions include: - Pyelonephritis, - Diabetic Hypoglycemia, - Pancreatitis, - Miscarriage, - Pelvic Inflammatory Disease, - Stomach Cancer, and, - Diverticular Diseases of the Colon. Please feel well soon.   Whether the ER doctor prescribes medication for panic attacks varies according to their medical training, their comfort level in treating anxiety type psychiatric disorders, and their overall individual philosophy. One study determined that 17% of patients reporting to a hospital emergency room were experiencing a panic attack. Many time chest pains thought to be a heart attack signal upon ER arrival end up being a panic attack. The doctor must assess the patient, correctly diagnosis panic attack, and make a determination if medication should be given to treat the condition. When medication is determined to be the treatment option some choices may include IM injections and/or pills including: anti-anxiety drugs like alprazolam. Several antidepressants such as paroxetine may also be considered. Also available is a newer selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor group of medications such as (Citalopram (Brand name: Celexa) Fluoxetine (Brand names: Prozac, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Selfemra) Fluvoxamine maleate (Brand name: Luvox) Paroxetine / Paroxetine mesylate (Brand names: Paxil, Pexeva) Sertraline (Brand name: Zoloft). Also available are the older tricyclic drugs and monoamine oxidase inhibitors for treating panic disorder such as Amitriptyline (Elavil) Protriptyline (Vivactil) Desipramine Norpramin) Nortriptyline (Aventyl or Pamelor) Trimipramine (Surmontil) Perphenazine (Triavil). Even though so many medications are available to treat panic attacks in the ER, and many more come are in the works for being approved, patients many times are not given any medication to treat the panic symptoms.  It's can be tough diagnosing an itchy body. Hives are red, itchy welts on the skin and may be caused by various allergic agents and even nervous conditions. Treatment of hives is directed at removing the source of the offending source. I had a generalized body itch, took the same course of action as you, and eventually broke down and was seen in a walk-in medical clinic for professional help. My symptoms were mostly limited to feeling itchy from head to toe with only a faint trace of a skin rash. I though that I had considered all possible causes including bug bites and new products entering my body such as foods, beverages, soaps, and medications. I also noted that my wife who shared our common bed, was free of the same symptoms. Obviously, I was not contagious. In my situation, the hives condition was caused by an oral ant-biotic that I had already taken for 5 days. Since I had previously taken this same anti- biotic in the past without negative consequences, and didn't immediately see a reaction to the current treatment regime, I mistakenly excluded the anti-biotic as my allergic source. In my case, I was given an injectable dose of corticosteroid, prescribed Prednisone and directed to terminate the offending ant-biotic. In your case, after 3-4 days without resolving the issue through hydro cortisone and antihistamines, it's probably time to see a doctor.   Yes, these medications are therapeutic options available to help in controlling feelings of anxiety. Both of the medications mentioned in your question are used primary to treat anxiety. They also have numerous off-label (not officially approved to treat) uses. Sometimes these medications are prescribed in conjunction with other drugs to treat seizure disorders. But these medications also produce sedative effects and can become physiologically and psychologically addicting. These meds may also just temporarily hide the symptom of fear instead of treating its true underlying cause. I would prefer that you look for other methods to control your fear of having a seizure. Fear is a non-beneficial characteristic that needs to be treated and not masked. Over the last decade new and exciting seizure medications and treatment advances have shown great promise. There is Vagus Nerve Stimulation and surgical options for uncontrollable seizures. Stress is a recognized trigger for producing convulsive episodes. Dietary studies have also shown improvement of seizure disorders through a high fat diet, a low carb diet with reduced calories, and the ketogenic diet. Here are some suggestions: Pay attention to your triggers and attempt to avoid them. Eliminate the thoughts of fear. Bio feedback and talk therapy can help with overcoming your fear. Join a seizure support group to hear success stories and what newer treatments actually work. This will also provide you with a safe environment to express your feelings and receive feedback. Maintain a journal detailing all seizure events, the triggers that may have been present prior to the seizure, times that medication is taken or dosages are delayed or missed. Annotate your emotional state of mind throughout the day along with your intake of foods and beverages. Periodically review your journal entries looking for patterns that bring about feelings of stress, fear, or actual convulsive events. Always take your medication as directed. Talk with your doctor about trying new medications and perhaps starting one of the anti-seizure diets. Having a seizure disorder can present challenges in experiencing overall joy. Your concerns are legitimate and should not be discounted. But having a seizure disorder needs to be fought with the best treatment options. You deserve a good life where the fear of having a seizure does not control your life.  Of course you may be serviced at an urgent care clinic, but I don't see that as being your best choice. Urgent care center doctors see individuals for relatively uncomplicated matters that can be resolved in one visit. Conditions such as colds, viruses, rashes, minor injuries, bruises, cuts requiring stiches, and infections are typical types of straight forward ,easily diagnosable cases that respond well to immediate treatment. A migraine headache is a symptom of some other disorder within the body such as hormonal changes, head/neck injury, alcohol consumption, sexual activity, eye conditions, ears, nose, & throat disorders, emotional stress, ingesting certain foods and beverages, environmental factors such as breathing polluted air, and many other reasons. There is also a relationship between family heredity as a predisposing factor seen in suffers with migraines. I recommend that you begin your search for resolution by making an appointment with a migraine headache specialist. Other doctors who may provide you with answers to your headaches include: Neurologists, Pain Management Specialists, OB/GYN Specialists, Endocrinologists, and Allergy Specialists. The next task is to begin keeping a journal of all daily activates. It should include times, dates, all physical and emotional events, all foods and beverages consumed, and of course, headaches. Note the start and end times for all headaches, the quality of the headache (What does it feel like?), your pain level (1 - 10), treatments attempted, and your response to those treatments. If the headaches cannot be reduced in their number of episodes or their intensity in a reasonable amount of time, then going to a hospital emergency room or urgent care center is justified. In the interim , take the medications as instructed, maintain a quiet and dark environment during acute headache periods, apply a facial ice pack/and or heat to the painful areas, eat and drink nutritious meals, and rest as needed. Unfortunately, migraine headaches are painful and may be difficult to diagnosis in the differential process of identifying the precipitating factors known ("triggers") which are unique to the individual sufferer of a migraine headache. Feel better soon.  $ 10K- $20K is a big price range, and although very expensive, it could be the going rate depending on some variables. There can be a big difference in medical procedure costs based upon the geographical area of the country, the person who is doing the procedure, the exact type of epidural procedure, and the facility where the procedure will be preformed. The costs are typically lower when preformed in a doctor's office, but that savings comes with additional risks for medical complications. Of course large medical insurance carriers can negotiate the costs of procedures significantly lower to what is referred to as "Usual & Customary Charges" wherein a non-insured individual pays the highest rates. I see a common range for the epidural procedure to be between $3,000 - $7,000. It is probably in your best interest to contact multiple providers for this procedure in your area and compare prices. Some large hospitals make available, as public information on their web site the average charge for most procedures.  According to , during a heart attack nausea can be a typical symptom. This occurs because  The primary justification for using electro-shock therapy is to treat depression. I worked in a large state mental hospital back in late 1960's. Even though the procedure employed then might now be judged to have been crude, I saw many cases of success. For example I witnessed one man speak within days of treatment after having been silent for many years due to major depression. In some psychiatric hospitals today, depression treatment may still include E.C.T. as an option. Some patients even come in periodically throughout the year as an out-patient when they feel the signs of depression presenting themselves. ECT is usually given as series of treatments. Some studies report improvement in dementia patients treated with ECT in controlling depression. I suspect that dementia can be treated with E.C.T. if depression unresponsive to medication also exist. It is also suspected that a diagnosis of dementia without co-existing depression cannot be justified as a viable treatment type. The risk of employing E.C.T. in a patient with dementia is that their cognitive abilities might be further damaged. Even patients with normal cognitive abilities find that they may have lost some memory abilities relating to both recent and remote details of their life after receiving ECT. The exact reasons for its success in positively affecting the mood of depressed individuals is not fully understood.  You should see a doctor specializing in Lyme Disease no matter how long ago that the rash was first observed. If you have Lyme Disease, It can be, and still needs to be treated. Over 300,000 individuals per year are infected with Lyme Disease. The condition requires antibiotic treatment to eliminate all bacteria in order to stop further bodily organ damage. This bacteria will fester in the body forever until treated completely. The Lyme Disease process may start out with a skin rash, fatigue, and fever and be dismissed as being somewhat annoying, but not being worthy of medical intervention. Some later stage symptoms of the condition include heart damage, neurological defects, arthritis, and chronic fatigue syndrome. Best wishes for your improved health.   I am sorry for the suffering that Motor Neuron Disease is delivering to your father. I am equally sorry for the stress that it has caused you and your family. Watching your fathers quality of life deteriorate over a 4-5 year period must almost be unbearable. Crafting an honest and complete answer to your question was especially difficult for me. MND is a horrible disorder that may begin slowly but quickly picks up speed with its destructive disease advancement. Motor Neuron Disease is progressive and leads to nearly complete paralysis and breathing distress. Most cases of MND are due to Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALSL) or Lou Gehrig Disease. Currently, the medication Riluzole is the only FDA approved drug used to treat MND. Riluzole is hardly a silver bullet in the effort to treat MND. Studies have shown some benefit of Riluzole to slow the disease process. As you probably know the prognosis for MND is grim. If you want to know the true devastating and shattering life expectancy projections for MND after its initial diagnosis, please continue reading my answer. My opinions First of all, each life is unique and precious. I believe that miracles are possible. New treatment options for MND are being worked on. Nobody can predict exactly how the published survival rates apply to your fathers disease. With that said, there is currently no cure for MND and treatment efforts usually turn to palliative measures. Hospice care can be a key ingredient to ensuring patient comfort as the disease finalizes its assault on the muscles of the individual. Here are the sad statistical survival rates for MND: 1 in 5 will remain living after 5 years of its diagnosis; 1 in 10 will remain living after 10 years of its initial diagnosis. I recommend that you and your family talk with the physician treating your father with Riluzole. Perhaps your father should also be part of that discussion. The specialty of that doctor is not as important as their familiarity with your father's case. That individual can best assess your fathers future prognosis. The tumor in the lumbar area is most likely unrelated to MND. But the tumor should be assessed and recommendations made for its possible treatment. You deserve honest answers to your questions and concerns. May you and your family experience peace during this time of uncertainty.  It sounds like you may have stopped taking anti-depression medications on your own. Many people either feel better or experience side effects that prompt them to stop taking the medication. Stopping of ant-depressants needs to be medically supervised by tapering and weaning methods. It may have taken as long as 6 weeks for the medicine to take effect in your blood stream; it only stands to reason that a person cannot safely stop this treatment in a risky cold turkey-like fashion. According to a WebMD article, symptoms of Antidepressant Withdrawal may be serious. Symptoms most often occur within three days of stopping the antidepressant. They may be mild and go away within about two weeks or end up causing catastrophic problems. WebMD reports that symptoms can include: In rare cases, in people who have bipolar disorder, antidepressant withdrawal has been known to trigger mania. Withdrawal from certain, older types of antidepressants called MAOIs has also (though rarely) been reported to cause confusion and psychotic symptoms. In conclusion, abruptly stopping ant--depressants may cause physical problems, emotional turmoil, set your recovery back further from where you first started, and even result in experiencing suicidal ideations . I recommend that you seek medical attention for your withdrawal symptoms.  The first step to take should be to have a complete medical exam including blood studies and a medication review(sometimes different doctors prescribe medications without knowledge of the other doctor's prescribed medications. Too much medication can influence your energy level and cause drowsiness). Once you are found to be medically fit (no cancer, no heart or major organ problems),you may move on to what I suspect is the cause of your fatigue; that is, your chronic physical pain and resultant depression. Your next step may be to seek a referral to be seen by an orthopedic surgeon to receive appropriate treatment options for your neck, back, shoulders, torn rotator cuff, and torn ACL. This one doctor, along with a pain management specialist, may be able to keep your pain level within an acceptable range without taking large doses of energy draining medications. Finally, continue with your counseling and seek methods to reduce stress in your life. Stress causes emotional and physical problems. Eat nutritious meals, exercise as permitted by your physician and as tolerated (take neighborhood walks to see nature, animals, and to interact with other people), and get 8 hours of sleep each night. My plan is not a magic bullet, but it is different from what you are doing now. Your current plan of action is leaving you in pain, in a chronic sleepy state, and joyless. You deserve better. .  I have right bundle branch block and my physician not was not concerned. He explained to me that if it had been a left bundle branch block that he may have done investigation beyond my E.K.G. test. According to my doctor, the majority of cardiac work is completed on the left side. My understanding is that a left bundle branch block may have little to no significance or its presence could indicate underlying cardiac disease. Left bundle branch block is sometimes seen with Cardiac Enlargement, Aortic Valve Disease, and a host of other cardiac conditions. Although most organs of the body work like a finely tuned orchestra, irritable bowel syndrome and back problems more than likely are issues not related to a diagnosis of left bundle branch block. the LBBB finding and recommend that you discuss it with your doctor and determine if further workup is needed. Perhaps a referral to a competent cardiologist (heart specialist) is justified.   I do not believe that you have a mental condition. THC, the active ingredient of marijuana has a metabolic 1/2 life of approximately 20 hours. Some of the THC is stored in fat tissue and eventually released into the blood stream with elimination through the kidneys and processed as urine. It can take the average person 20-30 days, or even longer, to metabolize all of the THC. The psychological and physiological effects of one marijuana joint may last 8 hours or longer. Reflexes may remain impaired for 5 hours or longer even when the THC concentration is lowered. Having flashback symptoms as you describe lasting 40 minutes may be unusual for you, but may be typical for other people. Much of stoned flashback episodes are individualized according to the person, THC concentration exposure, the frequency of usage, body type, whether you regularly or only infrequently smoke marijuana (tolerance builds up to regular THC exposure), and the overall health condition of the person. Some individuals never experience flashbacks. You may be experiencing the lingering effects of THC and are not mentally ill. As you know, your mind and body are in a state of arousal while under the influence of THC causing motor, coordination, emotional and behavioral changes. Please be careful and do not over use this drug   Swollen neck lymph nodes may be the result of an infection, inflammation, cancer, or viruses. In your case, it is suspected that your recent cold is the cause of the enlarged neck lymph node. Treatment is dependent on the cause with bacterial infections possibly needing antibiotics, a virus needing to run its course, and cancers being attacked with multiple individualized treatments. The link below will access a WebMd article on the topic of lymph nodes. http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/swollen-lymph-nodes-topic-overview?wwparam=1307921683  I meant to put 'tourettes' not torrents. Sorry.  How are you doing with your issue? I feel like this is really rare and you probably would know by now if you have this. Prader-Willi Syndrome will give you an unsatisfiable craving for food (if you are born with this you will have had this eating problem your whole life).  Could be pinch nerve in neck, have a Nerve conductive test done ask doctor I have the same thing an that's what we found was pinch nerve in neck .  Well you should bring her to the doctor. I had a tick on my armpit once and the doctor was a big help he dug the whole tick out.  I had been having a similar problem for quite some time. It got so bad that I finally went and saw a Chiropractor. He gave me 1 suggestion and I tried it. It worked for a couple of nights. Lay flat on your back, with 1 pillow under your head, and pillows on both sides of you. When that stopped working for me, I was then seeing a Physical Therapist. She suggested that I lay on my side (whichever side was more comfortable), with 1 pillow under my head, a pillow between my legs, a small towel roll between my waist and the bed, and a body pillow behind my back. I have been sleeping that way for over a month now, and it has been amazing! I fall asleep much quicker, and then I sleep really well through the night.  I HAVE A PHOBIA OF BRIDGES AND BEING STUCK AT RED LIGHTS. MY HEART STARTS TO RACE IF I AM NEARING ONE OR BOTH OF THE ABOVE. THEN I FEEL AS IF I CAN'T BREATHE AND START TO FEEL TINGLY BECAUSE NOW I AM HYPERVENTILATING. I FEEL AS IF I AM GOING TO DIE. ONCE I LEARNED WHAT WAS GOING ON WITH ME, I NOW KEEP A PAPER BAG IN ALL VEHICLES. I WENT THROUGH MANY TESTS TO FIND OUT MY CURE WAS A FIVE-CENT PAPER BAG. YES, I DO TAKE XANAX NOW TO EDGE THE COMING OF ONE TO BACK OFF. THERE ARE TIMES THOUGH ONE OF THESE ATTACKS WILL START BY ME ONLY WATCHING A MOVIE OR STAYING ON THE COMPUTER TOO LONG. I RECENTLY HAD TO HELP A FRIEND WHO HAD HER FIRST PANIC ATTACK. I GOT MY TRUSTY PAPER BAG AND SOOTHINGLY TALKED HER DOWN. IT TOOK ABOUT 20 MINUTES OR SO. WHEN SHE FINALLY CALMED DOWN SHE SAID I FELT AS IF I WERE GOING TO DIE. I TOLD HER KEEP BAGS AROUND THAT IT IS ONLY YOU STRESSING OUT OVER SOMETHING AND YOU MAY FEEL AS IF YOU ARE GOING TO DIE BUT YOU WONT.  I AM WONDERING DOES SHE GET REALLY ANXIOUS BECAUSE SHE IS AROUND A LOT OF PEOPLE? WHEN I WAS IN COLLEGE, AROUND THE TIME I LOST A SON TO SIDS, I HAD PANIC ATTACKS QUITE OFTEN IN A CLASSROOM SETTING. I WANTED TO BAIL OUT OF CLASS EVERY TIME. I COULD TELL THAT OTHER STUDENTS WERE WATCHING ME PROBABLY THINKING I WAS CRAZY WHICH JUST STRESSED ME OUT MORE. I PERSONALLY DO NOT WANT TO BE TOUCHED DURING ONE AND I WANT TO BE LEFT ALONE. I SEEM TO HOLLER AT SOMEONE TRYING TO CALM ME DOWN. IF YOUR FRIEND IS DIFFERENT THAN ME, DON'T TRY TO MAKE HER STAY IN CLASS THAT WILL JUST MAKE IT WORSE. BUT I HAVE A FRIEND WHO RECENTLY HAD HER FIRST ATTACK AND I GAVE HER A PAPER BAG WHICH I KEEP ON ME FOR MY ATTACKS. DON'T KNOW IF YOUR FRIENDS HAS TRIED THAT BECAUSE WE SEEM TO HYPERVENTILATE WHILE HAVING ONE. I JUST KEPT TELLING MY FRIEND TO TRY AND BREATHE NORMALLY WITH THE BAG AND I KEPT TELLING HER THAT SHE WILL BE OKAY IN A LITTLE BIT. THAT THIS SPELL WILL SOON GO AWAY AND SHE WILL FEEL BETTER. I HAVE JUST LEARNED FROM MD THAT HER HOT FLASHES MAY NOT BE THE CHANGE OF LIFE IT MAY BE THE ONSET OF A PANIC ATTACK.  Severe psychological events can potentially cause hallucinations, but I think it's rather uncommon for a panic attack to do so. It would not be impossible, however, for you to have the panic attack first and the hallucination to begin afterwards. It's possible that you simply noticed the visual disturbance the physical sensation of being afraid, and that coming down from the panic left you physically or emotionally tired. I would recommend that you tell someone if this happens again, since a lot of other things can cause hallucinations. It's possible that this was an isolated incident, but it never hurts to be sure :)  My daughter has cat scratch fever wheb she was little it would start with a sore throat and the throat would get infected a huge knot of puss went from one side of her kneck to the other. Finally had to take her to the hospital and an dr numb her kneck where the infection was at and lanced it to get the puss out, the puss was the infection going from one side to the other so yes you need to see a dr soon as possible.  It can be treat with HT (Hormone Therapy) in which women need to opt for Birth control or oral contraception pills. It is prescribed because they contain hormones estrogen and progesterone and helpful to control irregular periods. So, you can opt for Depo Provera, Nexplanon and Ovral G etc. And to get them at your doorstep you may go for online pharmacy Meds247online.  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  Instead of eating those greasy foods, you should really just try do do regular small bowl of lettuce, or a carrot or any kind of veggie, or even a fruit. I am not a bright one, but I try to eat healthy. When you have high blood pressure, or diabetes, I heard that eating fruit, or a veggie will help You get healthier, or better. I am not a expert, I am a regular person, so ask you friend, family, neighbors,but eat healthy and you can may be get better! So stay strong and go on!  Also, I haven't slept a whole lot lately.  I was just diagnosed with the exact same thing (same place too). I was told to make an appointment with a neurosurgeon IMMEDIATELY! I suggest you do the same.  The upcoming DSM-V has some new criteria for Panic Attacks, (Note: A Panic Attack is not a codable disorder. List Panic Attack as a specifier (categorical or dimensional) for all DSM disorders to which it may apply (e.g., panic disorder).) A Panic Attack is an abrupt surge of intense fear or intense discomfort that reaches a peak within minutes, and during which time four or more of the following symptoms occur. The abrupt surge can occur from a calm state or an anxious state: 1. Palpitations, pounding heart, or accelerated heart rate 2. Sweating 3. Trembling or shaking 4. Sensations of shortness of breath or smothering 5. Feeling of choking 6. Chest pain or discomfort 7. Nausea or abdominal distress 8. Feeling dizzy, unsteady, lightheaded, or faint 9. Chills or heat sensations 10. Paresthesias (numbness or tingling sensations) 11. Derealization (feelings of unreality) or depersonalization (being detached from oneself) 12. Fear of losing control or going crazy 13. Fear of dying NOTE: Culture-specific symptoms (e.g., tinnitus, neck soreness, headache, and uncontrollable screaming or crying) may be seen. Such symptoms should not count as one of the four required symptoms. To be diagnosed with Panic Disorder, a person must have: A. Recurrent unexpected panic attacks B. At least one of the attacks has been followed by 1 month (or more) of one or both of the following: 1. Persistent concern or worry about additional panic attacks or their consequences (e.g., losing control, having a heart attack, going crazy). 2. Significant maladaptive change in behavior related to the attacks (e.g., behaviors designed to avoid having panic attacks, such as avoidance of exercise or unfamiliar situations). C. The Panic Attacks are not restricted to the direct physiological effects of a substance (e.g., a drug of abuse, a medication) or a general medical condition (e.g., hyperthyroidism, cardiopulmonary disorders). D. The Panic Attacks are not restricted to the symptoms of another mental disorder, such as social phobia (e.g., in response to feared social situations), Specific Phobia (e.g., in response to a circumscribed phobic object or situation), Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (e.g., in response to dirt in someone with an obsession about contamination), Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (e.g., in response to stimuli associated with a traumatic event), or Separation Anxiety Disorder (e.g., in response to being away from home or close relatives).  numbness happens tingley feeling. extreme pain where i have to sit down and try to focus so will quit spinning. I've seen a Dr. already and he keeps on subscribing different pills that dont work. Any thoughts.  One may have the wrong strenght in their personal/and or reading glasses.  I've dealt with COPD issues with my grandmothers almost my whole life. The only things I can think of that your body would adversely be affected by are steroids and oxygen. If they put you on steroids for your lungs, and you don't actually have COPD that is not a good thing, they put my grandmother on prednisone, which is a steroid, anyway steroids like this can become an issue for you especially if you don't need them because your body becomes dependent on it. Oxygen is also something that your body will become dependent on. If they put you on a portable oxygen machine, or if they had you put one in your home, and you use it constantly, your lungs will become dependent on that extra oxygen, and after so long, your body will not be able to go without it. This happened to both of my grandmothers, and they both claimed that they felt better before they got on the oxygen than they did with it, because they couldn't do anything with out it.  Late night snacking is difficult for many people. Before having a snack, I always suggest that you first analyze whether youre actually hungry or just eating out of boredom. Theres nothing wrong with late night eating as long as its a mindful, deliberate snack instead of mindless eating. Try not to eat too much food before you go to bed. Your last full meal of the day should be no less than 2 hours before you go to sleep. Eating too much before going to bed may cause indigestion, acid reflux, or could lead to insomnia and trouble sleeping. Make sure that if you do snack that youre only eating at most between 100 to 300 calories shortly before going to bed. For many people, late night snacks often tend to not be very healthy. Be sure to keep healthy alternatives readily accessible so that you can make the right choices. Check out this article for some great low calorie snack ideas from a dietitian: http://www.webmd.com/diet/features/beyond-snack-packs-22-healthy-bites .  You should check out this great article on electrolyte replacement at http://www.e21.com.au/electrolyte-replacement/  You should check out this great article on electrolyte replacement at http://www.e21.com.au/electrolyte-replacement/  ...Firstly this is a problem to be solved by a team approach. First see a derm and an endocrinologist. They together will check for hormonal imbalances such as PCOS -- PCOS (polycystic ovarian disease) which can result in excessive body hair and facial hair. It can also be accompanied by cystic acne and weight gain. There are many other causes of excess hair growth . Sometimes it is genetic, or cause from certain medications. Some ethnicities grow darker thicker hairs as well. In general a routine blood test to look for PCOS and other abnormalities can lead to a simple treatment with a medication and as well laser hair removal. ...Remember - please see an endocrinologist and a dermatologist as well as your gynecologist. Stick with board-certified physicians.  looked into getting MRI or seeing an Orthopedic specialist for a pinched Nerve or cervical Neck problems. Had a Neck n 2 shoulder repairs. I have been in pain just like yours since last Shoulder surgery n told possible SSN Super Scapular Nerve problems.  I would consult your doctor asap. They may want to do a scope to look inside your throat for possible tumors. What kind of pain is it? Is it located in your throat itself or in the neck in general?  It sounds like you are having symptoms of GERD (or acid reflux disease) With your age and history and the length of your symptoms it is HIGHLY unlikely you are having a heart attack. If you have a history of anxiety and heartburn it could very well turn into GERD. I have acid reflux and the symptoms your describing coincide with GERD. I find taking an extra strength Zantac (150 mg) once every morning keeps me from experiencing any symptoms. If that doesn't help, or doesn't help ENOUGH you can always speak to your doctor. There are proton inhibitors they can prescribe you that will work much better. (Proton inhibitors slow the production of stomach acid) However, if you are having any other symptoms or your current ones get worse I would definitely contact your doctor right away.  Deer ticks are a problem everywhere in the country, so no matter where you live, you do have to be careful about ticks. And you should check yourself or anyone else in your family or anyone you are with from head to toe at the end of everyday, to make sure that if any ticks are there, they are removed as quickly as possible. The safest way to avoid getting bit by a tick is to have physical coverage, which would be long sleeve and long pants. Some insect repellents are specifically for ticks, but not all. So you do need one that is specific for ticks in order to have that protection. The other thing you have to be careful of is that sometimes sunscreen and mosquito or tick repellent can conflict. So they may be less effective when used together. There are products that are insect or tick repellent and sunscreen built in together, but if you use them separately, you may have to reapply your sunscreen more frequently. Your insect repellent will be as effective or your tick repellent, but not your sunscreen, so you have to be careful that way.  You can use products developed for use on the face. Look for ingredients such as retinoids (retinol, retinyl propionate, and others), peptides, vitamin C, niacinamide, caffeine, grape seed extract, marine extract, and other antioxidants.  There are excellent chemical peels or laser peels your dermatologist can offer you to help treat this very sensitive area. My preference is the fractional CO2 laser.  It could be from sun exposure, fragrance, or any underlying even subtle irritation that causes inflammation of the skin can leave behind discoloration, also known as hyperpigmentation. There is also a type of yeast infection called tinea versicolor that can leave your neck, back and upper arms looking blotchy. Your dermatologist will be able to help clarify and offer you the proper treatment to clear the condition.  It could be psoriasis or a condition called seborrheic dermatitis. Both are chronic conditions but have different underlying causes and somewhat different treatments. You can start by using a salicylic acid-based wash and OTC hydrocortisone, and a salicylic acid or tar-based shampoo. If it does not improve, your dermatologist will be able to evaluate and offer prescription treatments to better control the condition.  There are no treatments similar to Botox that last longer. Botox does work very well in the right candidate to smooth neck bands, but not for excess skin. There are new radiofrequency, and less invasive liposuction-like devices that are coming in the next year or so that may work well for "turkey necks" but nothing beyond liposuction and plastic surgery for now.  There are no treatments similar to Botox that last longer. Botox does work very well in the right candidate to smooth neck bands, but not for excess skin. There are new radiofrequency, and less invasive liposuction-like devices that are coming in the next year or so that may work well for "turkey necks" but nothing beyond liposuction and plastic surgery for now.  There are excellent chemical peels or laser peels your dermatologist can offer you to help treat this very sensitive area. My preference is the fractional CO2 laser.  You can use products developed for use on the face. Look for ingredients such as retinoids (retinol, retinyl propionate, and others), peptides, vitamin C, niacinamide, caffeine, grape seed extract, marine extract, and other antioxidants.  Has a Doctor verified you have an ear infection ? I had HORRIBLE pain in my ear. I went through 5 courses of antibiotics before the decision was made that I should see a Specialist. The problem was not in my ear, the glands in my neck were blocked and were pressing against my ear. I had a huge bulge under my jaw from the infection. I had surgery at MD Anderson Hospital almost a year ago and all is fine.  With a stroke, we usually look for slurred/"garbled" speech, one-sided weakness (or weakness in general, but especially one-sided), confusion, trouble walking, numbness in the face/arm/leg (again, especially on one side), confusion/trouble understanding people, trouble seeing, difficulty walking, dizziness, or a sudden, severe headache.  There are certain key foods that really seem to keep you feeling satisfied for longer such as beans! I find when I have a bean burrito, for example, even if it's on the smaller side, it really stays with me. Another bean idea is edamame (green soybeans), just a bowl of these can really satisfy your hunger. Basically foods with a lot of soluble fiber or protein and/or water content help make this happen. Beans are rich in all three. Smart fats can keep the contents in the stomach a little longer too. Foods with monounsaturated fat (olive oil, olives, nuts) and omega-3s (fish, canola oil, walnuts, soy and pecans). Here are some foods rich in soluble fiber: Beans. Oats. Barley -- look for soups with barley! Some fruits (apples, mango, plums, kiwi, pears, blackberries, strawberries, raspberries, peaches, citrus fruits). Some vegetables (artichoke, celery root, sweet potato, parsnip, turnip, acorn squash, potato with skin, Brussel sprouts, cabbage, green peas, broccoli, carrots, cauliflower, asparagus and beets). One of the best pieces of advice for you though, may be to drink some hot tea when you are feeling hungry again, keep some liquid in your stomach and warm liquid tends to hang out in the stomach a little longer, too. Green tea is full of helpful phytochemicals so find some flavors you really enjoy (tropical green or peppermint green tea, etc.) Or warm up some broth or tomato-based soups as a mid-meal snack.  People who have been abusing alcohol, even for a short time, can indeed experience serious side effects when they stop drinking. Although a heart attack is unlikely, an irregular heartbeat can develop, along with seizures, shakes, sweating, hallucinations and other serious conditions. However, a greater risk than quitting alcohol is continuing to abuse alcohol. If your friend has an alcohol problem, you should encourage him or her to seek medical treatment. If your friend exhibits any of the signs of , as mentioned above, you should seek immediate medical attention. In particular, delirium tremens (DTs) or "the shakes" can cause death in extreme cases and should not be ignored. I wish you all the best.  I wish I could explain this, but it's impossible to know what happened without knowing the specifics involved. Percocet (generic name: oxycodone-APAP) is an oral tablet taken by swallowing. Usually, post-surgical pain is treated with intravenous (IV) medication, not pills. It's possible your post-surgical blood pressure issues had nothing to do with the percocet. Normally, low blood pressure in the recovery room is treated with IV fluids. I don't know what "reversal drug" you were given for the percocet. I'm going to assume you received naloxone (brand name: Narcan). I don't know why this would cause you to feel as if you were having a heart attack. I could speculate, but that would be of no use. If you are truly concerned about this, I advise taking it up with the surgeon who performed your knee replacement surgery. He should have access to the anesthesia and nursing records that show exactly what medications you were given, the times they were given, and the dosages you received. Perhaps your surgeon could shed some light on what happened. Wishing you well!  Great question! I'm glad you asked because many others will benefit. You should be just fine taking this combination of medications. You may feel drowsier than normal. And anyone who is taking a narcotic (hydrocodone) should either not drive or else be very cautious when driving because driving under the influence of narcotics is prohibited in many states and local jurisdictions. In general, though, you're not at high risk from taking this combination of meds at these dosages. In the future, I'd recommend you ask your health care provider about possible drug interactions at the time you're prescribed a narcotic. Also, you can always consult a pharmacist for advice. I hope your ankle heals quickly!  Please do not go off your Zoloft (generic name: ) without consulting your doctor. Stopping an antidepressant abruptly can cause serious side effects, including suicidal thoughts. If you feel the sertraline isn't working, your doctor can recommend a different medication for you. It's not uncommon to try several medications before finding the right one(s) to treat anxiety and depression. If you feel you no longer need an antidepressant, please discuss the situation with your health care provider. He or she can tell you how to safely go off the sertraline and can monitor your progress. This way, if you experience any side effects, your physician knows what's going on. Hope this helps!  Thank you for reaching out with this question. It's an important one for others your age who have your symptoms. My advice? Check with your doctor before doing any exercise at all, even walking for exercise. He or she can give you specific instructions for what type of exercise(s) to do, for how long, and at what intensity. If you decide to walk anyway (hey, I know how you 86 year olds are!), please have someone with you at all times. Because of your weakness, I have a real concern about your falling and breaking a hip. Right now, you may need to focus more on diet than on exercising, especially since you say you feel extremely weak. I salute you for being a survivor and wish you many more healthful years! You inspire me.  The key phrase in your question is this: "I was playing video games at the time." Since the numbness is confined to the tip of your thumb, chances are you're suffering from a repetitive motion injury. Any activity that involves the same movement of the hands and fingers over and over again can cause irritation of the nerves that supply them. In the extreme, this can cause loss of movement and severe pain. In your case, it sounds like you may have irritated a nerve that carries sensory impulses to the brain. That tiny nerve ending apparently has stopped working. The good news is if this is, indeed, a repetitve motion injury you can improve the situation by resting your hand for awhile. Avoid playing any video games and see if the situation improves. If not, see your health care provider for further evaluation. Just to be clear, the in men generally include a crushing or squeezing sensation in the middle of the chest, chest pain, pain or numbness radiating down the left arm and/or into the left jaw, shortness of breath, faintness, or nausea. And don't think just because you're only 19 years old that a heart attack would be out of the question. While it's unlikely, a heart attack can strike people of almost any age, particularly if they're sedentary and/or overweight.  Great question! However, in this case two different issues are being confused: calorie intake versus a diabetic diet. Whether or not you have diabetes, your calorie needs depend on your current weight, activity level, and desired (ideal) weight. If you need to lose weight, you should eat fewer calories per day. The example you cited above contains about 1540 calories. This is a diet for someone who wants to lose weight. To give you an example, a female who is 5 feet 5 inches tall and weighs 150 pounds requires about 1700 calories per day to maintain that weight, even if she gets little to no activity during the day. A man who is 6 feet tall and weighs 180 pounds would require many more calories per day, even with no exercise involved. Many people with do,indeed, need to lose weight. You should consult your health care provider or a certified diabetes educator for guidelines on calorie intake. Eating to maintain blood sugar (glucose) levels throughout the day doesn't really revolve around the number of calories consumed. Maintaining healthy blood sugar levels is more about the types of foods you eat. A good diet for diabetes should be balanced, with whole grains (no refined grains), vegetables, fruits, protein, and healthy fats (such as olive oil or canola oil). This for Type 2 diabetes from WebMD offers ideas about the of food you should eat, but the calories in this meal plan may or may not be adequate for your sex, height, and current weight. If you have questions about how to eat healthy to control or reverse (with Type 2) your diabetes, consult your health care provider or a certified diabetes educator. Best wishes to you!  Yes, they can. In fact, people experiencing their first anxiety attack often believe they're having a heart attack. Symptoms of the two conditions are very similar. If you've never had an anxiety or panic attack before and therefore have not experienced the symptoms, you should always err on the side of caution and seek emergency medical attention. Granted, a heart attack in a younger person would be quite rare, but as the old adage goes: Better safe than sorry. Once you've had a panic attack, you can recognize the symptoms of it when it occurs. However, no one should attempt to self-diagnose a heart attack versus a panic attack. If you're not sure, always call for emergency responders. Keep in mind the symptoms of a heart attack can go away on their own. If you've experienced symptoms you believed were a heart attack but then cleared up, do not assume you had a panic attack instead. You need to get checked out by a health care professional. Wishing you well!  Honestly, the only way to diagnose strep is through a lab test. Even if all the signs (like throat redness) and symptoms (like soreness) are there, it still may not be strep. Even "white spots" in the back of the mouth are no guarantee it's a case of strep. is almost always accompanied by fever. Are you using a thermometer to measure your son's temperature, or are you relying on the old hand-to-the-forehead method? It's very important to use a thermometer when assessing fever. I mention this because it never ceases to amaze me how many people do not have this basic tool in their medicine cabinets. Keep in mind, also, if you're giving your son acetaminophen (Tylenol) to ease the pain of the sore throat, this could cause him to register a "normal" temperature on the thermometer (because acetaminophen is a fever-reducer). Instead of speculating about what might be going on with your son, I suggest you take him to his pediatrician. Since the problem has been going on for nearly a week, it's not a bad idea to get medical attention. I hope your little boy feels better soon! Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you experience this. It doesn't sound pleasant, that's for sure! Whenever a patient describes pain with words like "jolt of electricity," we tend to think in terms of nerve pain. Only a physical examination and perhaps some testing like X-rays or MRI can say for sure what's going on with your neck. That said, I would suspect you occasionally pinch a nerve when you turn your head suddenly. This type of can occur if you have a spinal disc that is slowly collapsing or if you have some arthritis in the vertebrae (spinal bones) of your neck. While I don't think this situation is an emergency, I would suggest you get this checked out by a health care provider soon. Catching spine problems early usually results in a better outcome. You can start with a visit to your primary care provider, and he or she can get the ball rolling. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. Pain is never fun! I would urge you to get in to see your doctor as soon as possible. What you're describing does not sound like a migraine at all, but it could possibly be an ear infection. In rare cases, an untreated ear infection can move into the bone behind the ear. This normally happens in children and is called . No matter what the underlying cause of this pain is, the fact it's ongoing and seems to be getting worse means you need medical attention. If you can't get an office visit, it's probably time for a visit to urgent care. Feel better!  The short answer to your question is "no." is not labeled for anxiety or panic attacks. Bupropion is used to treat depression. Sometimes, it is also used to treat seasonal affective disorder (SAD) and to help people stop smoking. According to Wellbutrin-SR's label: "Tell the doctor immediately if you notice new or worsening depression/other psychiatric conditions, unusual behavior changes (including possible suicidal thoughts/attempts), or other mental/mood changes (including new/worsening , , trouble sleeping, irritability, hostile/angry feelings, impulsive actions, severe restlessness, very rapid speech)." If you are taking bupropion and are experiencing a panic attack, I suggest you seek medical attention as soon as possible. It's not a good idea to stop Wellbutrin (bupropion) suddenly. If you are experiencing side effects you feel you cannot tolerate, you'd be well advised to speak to a health care provider about other medications you can take instead. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds very unpleasant! A number of things could be going on here, but it's not likely your gallbladder is involved. The gallbladder is located on the right side of the body, near the bottom of your rib cage. It's doubtful the gallbladder could refer any pain to the left shoulder. I can think of any number of reasons you'd be having this pain, from a slight fracture to a injury to an aggravated . The only way to find out what's going on is to see a medical professional for an examination and possibly other testing, like an X-ray. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider (PCP) to have this evaluated. It would be helpful to evaluate it when it's actually flaring up, but that might be impossible to time. Even if you're not having a pain episode, your PCP might be able to come to some conclusion as to the cause of this pain and get you started on treatment. Best of luck to you!  If the situation concerns you, the best bet is to call your primary care provider or, if you feel the situation is life-threatening, call 911. Since you said this same thing happened the last two times she received steroid injections to the neck, it sounds as if this may be her body's normal way of reacting to the injection. However, any time you become worried or frightened about a person's (or your own) reaction to a medical procedure, it's a good idea to seek medical attention. I hope you find this response helpful.  I'm sorry to hear you're suffering like this. It's bad enough to take on a new job without then coming down with mysterious physical symptoms! Unfortunately, it's impossible to tell whether this is serious or not. Obviously, you should know the and also know the . While anyone can have a heart attack, it's more likely among people with multiple risk factors. I would suggest you make an appointment with your primary health care provider to evaluate your symptoms. Your provider probably will want to run some tests, such as blood work or possibly and EKG. Many medical conditions could cause the symptoms you describe, including low thyroid. Your health care provider can correlate your health history with your new symptoms to arrive at a diagnosis. I hope you feel better soon!  I'm sorry you're going through this and that the medications didn't give you any relief. When symtpoms persist after treatment, it's always a good idea to return to the doctor to update him or her and get reevaluated. I'd suggest you do just that. Tinea barbae is a type of , which is an inflammation of the hair follicle (the part of the hair that's embedded in your skin) caused by an infection. Tinea barbae is caused by a fungus, which is why your health care provider prescribed an anti-fungal cream (clotrimazole) to treat it. However, since that didn't work, it's time to get the rash re-checked. I'd suggest you also share with your doctor that over-the-counter lotions and creams made the rash worse. If possible, tell him or her specifically which items you used. That may help get you a better diagnosis. Good luck to you!  I'm sorry your mom is going through this. It sounds like a very uncomfortable situation. If it's been less than a week since your mom saw the doctor, then you may just need to hang in there awhile longer. The symptoms you describe could be caused by many conditions, including a cold virus. You may need to take a "watchful waiting" approach to see if the situation gets better or worse. If it gets better, then great! If it gets worse, I'd suggest a return trip to the doctor. Keep in mind, I'm just making suggestions. I am not in a position to suggest a diagnosis or give medical advice. Hope your mom feels better soon!  I'm sorry to hear your daughter's going through this. Test anxiety can be a miserable experience! usually occur with several specific physical symptoms, such as dizziness, shortness of breath, and/or a pounding or racing heart beat. If your daughter is experiencing any of these symptoms, she'd do well to get checked out by a health care professional. Panic disorders and panic attacks are not uncommon and usually can be treated with medication or a combination of medication and "talk therapy." If your daughter only experiences anxiety during test taking, it's possible she suffers from test anxiety, which is considered a symptom of , and is very common. Who among us hasn't felt those sweaty palms as we sat down to take an exam? Again, it would be worth getting checked out by a health care provider because social anxiety also can be treated. Most college campuses have a student health center. That would be a good starting point for your daughter to help her figure out what's going on. Best wishes to you both!  Good question. I guess I'm assuming you're the one with and that you have had this diagnosis confirmed by a doctor. If not, and you suspect you have in your neck, obviously you need to see a doctor as soon as possible because the situation could be very dangerous. Bones are very good at repairing themselves. In fact, bones are constantly remodeling their structure, replacing old cells with new ones. The type of treatment for a bone fracture depends on the location and severity of the break. For example, a simple broken arm may be treated only with stabilization (a cast) while the bone mends itself. On the other hand, a severe fracture of bones in the ankle may require surgery with the use of screws and plates to hold the bone fragments together. Like I said, if you suspect you have a broken bone in your neck from an injury, you need to seek medical attention. A doctor will advise you on what treatment is required, if any, for the situation. Best wishes to you!  You raise some good questions. In fact, they're good questions to take up with your doctor. You have a right to have all your questions answered before beginning any medication therapy. I'd suggest you call your doctor or make an appointment to go over your concerns about the Abilify prescription. That said, I'm also confident your doctor wouldn't prescribe a drug combination he or she believed to be unsafe. However, it's never a bad idea to double-check and go over your complete list of current medications because doctors today are overworked, and it's easy to overlook something. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're experiencing this. Medical diagnosis and treatment can be very confusing, sometimes! Certainly, in the neck (cervical vertebrae) can cause pain. The pain is caused by pressure on the nerve roots where they extend from the spinal cord and through the vertebrae. If the discs in your neck are degenerating (becoming stiff or even collapsing), this can put pressure on the nerves and cause pain. Sometimes, a doctor will look at pictures of your neck from an X-ray or MRI and will not see any areas of nerve compression. Because of this, he or she will tell you you shouldn't be having any pain. However, it's not always possible to see a compressed nerve on an X-ray or MRI. If you're having pain in your neck, you can return to your doctor to let him or her know this. Your doctor will determine what type of treatment might work best to relieve your symptoms. I hope you find relief soon!  The type of flushing you describe after drinking alcohol is not necessarily unusual. Alcohol consumption causes veins to dilate (get larger), which can cause the skin to appear reddened. This venous dilation also is the cause of the warm feeling many people associate with moderate drinking. Absent any other symptoms, you probably need not worry about this bit of flushing caused by consuming a moderate amount of alcohol. Note, however, if you take any prescription medications you should consult your health care provider or a pharmacist before consuming alcohol in any amount. Alcohol can affect medications in many different ways, so if you are drinking (even wine or beer) you want to make sure it's safe for you. Wishing you well!  The short answer to your question is yes, the hydrocodone could possibly be contributing to your husband's sleeplessness. I'd suggest he go back to his health care provider and discuss his medications again to determine if this is the case. Hydrocodone is an . Usually, opiod medications depress certain central nervous system functions, such as breathing. Typical side effects of opioid medications include sleepiness. However, a few people might experience what's called a "paradoxical reaction" to an opioid pain reliever. This means their body responds in an opposite fashion to the drug. So, instead of becoming sleepy from taking an opioid, for example, a person could become stimulated instead. It's not possible to diagnose a paradoxical reaction through a forum like this. Only your husband's health care provider can determine if this is happening with your spouse. Your husband should not stop taking the hydrocodone abruptly, because this can have unpleasant side effects. Instead, he'd be well-served to see his health care provider as soon possible to re-evaluate his medications. Sorry you're going through this. I hope it gets resolved quickly!  Well, no, not exactly. TIA stands for " ." It refers to a moment in time when a portion of the brain is temporarily denied oxygen (ischemic), usually because of a blood clot in a tiny artery within the brain tissue itself. TIAs are sometimes called "mini-strokes" because they arrive with the same signs and symptoms as a full stroke, but those symptoms then disappear (transient). That's not to say anyone exhibiting the should wait to see if those signs go away! Anyone who has any of these symptoms should seek emergency medical treatment: Sudden weakness or paralysis on one side of the body Sudden loss of speech or the ability to understand speech Lopsided smile for no reason Sudden dizziness, loss of balance, or falling Sudden dimness of vision, especially if it's only in one eye But back to your question. The underlying cause of a TIA usually is a blood clot. Many things can cause a person to get a blood clot that travels to the brain, and some of those things can be inherited. It's not likely, but it's possible. However, you cannot "inherit TIAs" because they're not a disease. TIAs are a condition caused by something else (in this case, a blood clot). The best way to avoid TIAs or stroke is to eat a heart-healthy diet and exercise regularly. Nothing can protect you 100% against stroke, but you can tilt the odds in your favor by staying healthy. If you have questions about your risk of stroke, please talk to your primary care provider or physician. He or she is in the best position to evaluate your personal risk of stroke in the future. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're having these episodes of nervousness. Based on your description, they don't exactly sound like a , which is typically very dramatic and involves a racing heart, shortness of breath, and sometimes even chest pain. You say you're taking a course in group counseling. Presumably this is under the direction of a teacher? If you feel you can confide in your instructor, why not get his or her take on the symptoms you're describing. They may be perfectly normal. Or, perhaps you could discuss your symptoms with the group therapy leader. Again, he or she might be able to help you understand what's going on and how to overcome it. You also could consider seeing a private therapist about this. If you're a college student, you may be able to take advantage of a student behavioral health center. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds absolutely miserable! Because this situation is now going on three weeks, I would suggest you get it checked out. You may be able to avoid the emergency room (and the high fees involved) by searching in your community for a free or low-cost health care clinic. Sometimes these have the name "healthcare for the homeless," but you usually don't have to be homeless to take advantage of the services. I cannot provide a hotlink here, but if you visit http://www.hrsa.gov/gethealthcare/affordable/index.html, you can search for low-cost health care in your area. I wish you all the best with this!  I'm glad to hear all is good, and I hope I can help set your mind at ease. A in the neck can send pain radiating down the shoulder and arm -- and even into the chest area, which could indeed feel like the symptoms of a . Presumably, you received an X-ray or MRI scan of your neck. This is usually how a pinched nerve in the neck is diagnosed. Pinched nerves in the neck are often caused by compression of a disk in the spinal column of the neck. This compression puts pressure on the nerve, which in turn causes the pain. You're right that there's no relationship between a pinched nerve in the neck and a heart problem. It's just that the pinched nerve caused you to have pain that was similar to what a person feels when they have a heart attack. Hope this helps!  So sorry to hear you're going through this. It's difficult to cope with severe pain. Unless you're experiencing along with this pain in your neck, please do not clog up the emergency room. The emergency department should be reserved for true life-or-death emergencies or serious traumas like broken bones. Unfortunately, severe neck pain doesn't rise to that level. What you're describing sounds like the classic symptom of a . There are many possible causes for , ranging from a to a . It sounds like you've done everything right, in terms of home treatment. However, one round of ibuprofen, one hot shower, and one good massage may not be enough to alleviate the pain, especially if it's caused by something like a herniated disk. (Also note: No one should take more than 2400 milligrams of ibuprofen within a 24-hour period, and no more than 800mg every 8 hours.) Again, assuming you're not exhibiting any (which generally don't include "stabbing pain at the base of the neck"), your best bet is to continue to try home remedies. If the situation doesn't clear up within a few days, make an appointment with your primary health care provider for an evaluation. If the situation gets worse (such as your arm starts to go numb), then you might consider heading for an urgent care facility. Wishing you well!  Unfortunately, your question is lacking crucial information to provide a good answer. How old is your son? Has he received routine childhood vaccines? Enlarged lymph nodes can signal a variety of potential conditions. Your best bet is to take your son to his pediatrician for an exam. If your son has not been immunized against (the MMR vaccine), you definitely should seek medical attention. Mumps in a young man (generally older than age 10) can cause a related condition called , which is swelling of the testicles. This can cause fertility problems down the road. Regardless of your son's immunization status, having enlarged lymph nodes is not normal, and you should seek medical attention. If your son is running a high fever, you should seek emergency medical treatment. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. (generic name hydrocodone-acetaminophen) shouldn't cause your blood pressure to spike. Quite the opposite, in fact. Pain can cause your blood pressure to go up, though, so be sure to take enough medication to keep your pain adequately controlled. Several things can cause your blood pressure to spike temporarily, including needing to urinate (pee). However, if your post-operative pressure is above what's normal for you, please call your surgeon's office to advise them about what's going on. They need to know. I wish you all the best with this!  This is a very good question. Thank you for asking it! Many people visualize a heart attack the way Hollywood portrays it: A person suddenly clutches his chest and falls unconscious to the floor. That sometimes happens, but often and symptoms are more subtle. The signs and symptoms of a heart attack include: Pain or discomfort in the chest. This can include feelings described as "aching," "crushing," "squeezing," "painful," "pressure," or some other word for "discomfort." Pain or discomfort that "radiates" into the jaw or arm area. Pain or discomfort in the mid-back area. Women experience this more often than men. The back discomfort may feel like a muscle spasm that won't go away. Sudden shortness of breath. Sweating. Anxiety. Nausea or vomiting. Fainting. Heart attacks are caused by loss of oxygen flow to the heart muscle. This can be caused by a blocked artery. It's important to note the chest pain that normally accompanies a heart attack may clear up within a few minutes. This does not mean you should not get emergency medical treatment. It does not mean your possible heart attack has "gone away." Very often, people have "small" heart attacks several times before a "big one" hits them. If you or a loved one have any signs or symptoms of a heart attack, even if they clear up within a short period of time, you should seek medical attention. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're going through this. I want to caution you, however, that you should never self-administer antibiotics. It's this type of usage that is causing a rise in the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Your best bet is to see a medical professional. Your condition can only be diagnosed through a physical exam and possibly some other testing, such as a throat swab or blood work. It could, as you speculate, be a virus. If it is, it should clear up in 7-14 days. No antibiotics required. However, it could be something other than a virus. Many conditions can cause the symptoms you're describing, from an inflamed salivary gland to an abscessed tooth. The only way to find out is to visit a health care provider. I wish you all the best!  Because you already have been diagnosed with , I'd suggest you contact your primary health care provider to inform him or her of this new symptom. And, in answer to your question, yes, this is a "new symptom." It may be related to the MS, or it may be caused by something else. Only your health care provider can tell you for sure. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It just goes to show how negatively pain can impact so many aspects of our lives. I commend you for being committed to your sexual health and marital relationship. You're a good wife for wanting to build that intimacy back up! I'd suggest you start by assessing what non-sexual positions are the most comfortable for you. For example, if sitting in a chair provides relief, try adapting that for a sexual purpose. Have your husband sit on a chair and then sit on your husband, if that makes sense. Another suggestion is to try having sex in a water environment, such as the shower or a bathtub. This may be especially helpful if warm water gives you pain relief. Just be careful nobody slips! You may simply have to experiment to find positions that work for you. Do not be shy about seeking out aids, such as swings or slings that suspend from the ceiling, if you need something like that to help take pressure off your back during sex. A less expensive and less permanent solution may involve plenty of pillows to prop and support body parts. Again, experimentation is going to be key here. If you feel shy about expressing your feelings or needs to your partner, please don't hesitate to consult your doctor, a nurse, or a psychotherapist who's experienced in sexual health to help with communication and to help you find solutions. Believe me, they will understand your concerns and treat you with utmost respect. All the best to you!  Well, I recommend you get this checked out. Heart problems can hit like lightning (heart attack) or come on gradually. It sounds like you may have a heart problem that's becoming gradually worse. Of course, this can only be determined with a physical examination and some other testing performed by your health care provider. Chest pain that lasts 8 hours is nothing to ignore. Please get medical attention as soon as you can. All the best to you!  Gosh, it's really hard to say what could be causing this without performing a physical examination. Have you injured the shoulder? Slept on it wrong? Do you engage in contact sports? Any of these things could cause the symptoms you describe. It could be a pulled muscle, muscle spasms, shoulder injury, nerve root compression at the spine -- and that's just for starters. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider to have this checked out. With a good physical exam and possibly some other testing, your provider should be able to diagnose and treat the source of the symptoms. Hope you feel better soon!  I'm confused. If the MRI showed bilateral , why would you believe that's not the cause of your symptoms? Mastoiditis is an infection of the skull bone that lies just behind the ear. It normally is treated with oral antibiotics because it's a bacterial infection. Ear drops also are frequently used. If you have any questions about your diagnosis or treatment, you should call your health care provider's office for a call back or to make an appointment to see your doctor. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry you're going through this and hope you have sought medical treatment. Unfortunately, it's impossible to diagnose a condition like this without a physical exam. Many conditions can cause the symptoms you describe. A medical professional needs to see this and possibly run some additional tests in order to figure out what's going on. Meanwhile, be extremely careful not to touch surfaces or other people while the rash on your hands is active. Wear light gloves, if possible, to keep from spreading whatever this may be to others. I hope you get a diagnosis and feel better soon!  You are a good person to want to help your friend with her condition. It can be hard to help someone in the moment of a panic attack. One thing you can do is offer to hold her hand and "breathe together." Before attempting this, you should practice slow, deep breathing on your own so that in the moment of the panic attack, you can help your friend regulate her breathing. Don't get frustrated if she is unable to breathe as slowly as you are. Merely staying calm and encouraging her softly to "breathe in..2...3, and breathe out...2...3" can be helpful. You may actually be able to help your friend better by finding an activity, such as yoga, that the two of you can do together when she's not having a panic attack. Regular exercise can help anxiety, in general, and yoga specifically focuses on breathing. By offering to do yoga with your friend, you're supporting her in fighting the anxiety problem. Your friend should be grateful she has you in her life! Good luck to both of you.  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Foot pain can make it unbearably hard to get around! Your case study is very interesting. I've never heard of foot pain related to heart issues. But since you've been through this before, I'd suggest you listen to that inner voice that's telling you your foot pain may be related to some new development with your heart and make an appointment with your cardiologist to evaluate the situation. With luck, this symptom won't turn out to be related to your heart. But if it is, at least you'll have caught it early. All the best to you!  I suppose it's possible. can be very painful, and I'm sure it might feel as if the pain is radiating down the neck to the shoulder. However, the pain you're describing could be caused by many other conditions, including muscle strain, , or even possibly . The only way to tell what's causing your pain is for you to get an examination by a medical professional. If your pain doesn't clear up or if it's accompanied by a fever, I'd suggest you contact your primary health care provider for an appointment to find out what's going on. Hope this helps!  You don't say if you have Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes, and it makes something of a difference. If you take insulin to control your diabetes, you could be experiencing either the "dawn phenomenon" or the . It's important to determine what's causing your elevated (though not outrageously, I might add) blood sugars in the morning. While the dawn phenomenon is a natural occurrence, the Somogyi Effect can be a result of eating too little of a bedtime snack. Before you change your pre-sleep eating habits, you should consult with your doctor to discover if the problem is a result of eating or of poor insulin timing. If you don't take insulin to control your diabetes, then I'd recommend you eat a protein-rich snack before bedtime. Good choices include natural peanut butter (without added sugar) either by itself or on whole-grain crackers, some low-fat (or part-skim) string cheese with a small apple, or lean meat (such as turkey breast) either by itself or with a slice of whole-grain bread. If you have any questions about controlling your sugars, please consult your primary care provider or a certified diabetes educator. Best to you!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. The fear of having cancer must be very tough for you to cope with. I'm glad to hear you have a mammogram scheduled. That is a good starting point, and it sounds like your health care provider is on top of your situation. While you wait, try to remember that worrying will only cause you misery and can even have a negative impact on your immune system. Look for support from family and friends. Try to distract yourself. Focus on the many positive things in your life, no matter how small they may seem. If you can try to get a massage or otherwise pamper yourself to relieve your excessive stress. Even though you have a family history of cancer, it's not a sure bet you have cancer, too. It's entirely possible your breast lump is benign (non-cancerous) and that your other symptoms can be attributed to a virus or even stress. I know it's hard, but try to work on reducing your stress level and staying as healthy as possible as you work through the process of getting a diagnosis. Take care of yourself!  I'm sorry to hear you go through this, and if it helps I'll share this: It happens to me, too! Some people are just naturally prone to flushing when they're embarrassed, angry, or otherwise experiencing heightened emotions. Have you ever noticed whether or not your neck flushes for no reason at all? Mine does. Sometimes, I can just be sitting around minding my own business, get up to go to the bathroom and notice my neck's all red. What the heck?! I don't know if there's any medical explanation for this. I've noticed, personally, that it seems to happen more in fair-skinned people of north European descent. It could simply be that flushing (which is caused by increased blood flow just beneath the skin) is more visible in fair-skinned people. I don't know. If possible, try to learn to live with this unique trait. When people tease me about this, I laugh right along with them. I say things like, "Some people wear their heart on their sleeve. I wear my emotions on my face!" If the anxiety aspect bothers you, don't hesitate to seek counseling from a trained psychotherapist. Anxiety can be managed through cognitive therapy (talk therapy) and medication, if warranted. A counselor also can help you cope with the embarrassment you feel about the flushing. I wish you all the best, as a kindred spirit!  Sorry you're going through this misery! First, let's not jump to the conclusion this is , though it certainly sounds like it could be. I'd suggest you see a medical professional for an accurate diagnosis. As you know, if it is shingles you may be able to take a prescription medication to help with the pain. If it's not shingles, your health care provider may be able to provide you with treatment for whatever it actually is. Try to refrain from pulling your hair out, as this can cause permanent loss of hair in those areas. Also remember shingles in the blister stage is contagious and can cause someone who's never had to come down with the illness. To help avoid this, make sure you're washing your hands thoroughly and often. Also do not share any combs, brushes, or other personal hygiene implements. I hope you get a diagnosis quickly!  I certainly understand her reluctance to seek medical attention when she doesn't have insurance. Many communities offer free or low-cost clinics to people who are uninsured. Maybe you can help her find one of these. I think your daughter needs to get this checked out. It may be completely benign, such as a lipoma (a fatty non-cancerous tumor). But then again, it could be something more serious. Certainly, if your daughter has a fever or is experiencing unintended weight loss, she needs to be checked out as soon as possible. You might encourage your daughter, also, by reminding her the cost of an office visit is substantially less than the cost of an emergency room visit, so why put off getting this thing looked at? I wish your daughter all the best!  I'm sorry to hear about your auto accident. You obviously were lucky to survive. The chest pain you describe could simply be caused by the rib fracture. Ribs can take a very long time to heal. A month isn't very long, in terms of a rib fracture. If the chest pain has gotten worse since your accident, or if it's accompanied by a fever (over 101F), racing heartbeat, or shortness of breath, then I'd suggest you see your primary healthcare provider immediately or go to the emergency room. These symptoms can be signs of an infection or a blood clot. I hope this helps and wish you all the best in your recovery!  Whether or not you have insurance, if you are experiencing any of these symptoms, you must go to the emergency room immediately: A crushing, squeezing, or burning pain, pressure, or fullness in the center of the chest. The pain may radiate to the neck, one or both arms, the shoulders, or the jaw. The chest discomfort lasts more than a few minutes. It can diminish in intensity and return. Shortness of breath, dizziness Nausea, heartburn, or upset stomach Sweating or feeling "the chills" A weak, fast pulse An irregular heart beat Cold, clammy skin, or a gray color to the face Fainting or loss of consciousness Fatigue These are the symptoms of a heart attack . My purpose is not to alarm you but to inform you so that you can assess your symptoms and make an appropriate decision about what to do. Even without insurance, you can access health care in most cities. If you don't know how to access free or low-cost care in your area, call your local hospital or a crisis hotline. They will be able to provide you with resources for free and low-cost health care so you can get this problem checked out. Good luck to you!  First of all, thank goodness you apparently don't have meningitis! How scary. In answer to your last question: Yes, I think the ER doctor should have explained to you exactly what to expect after your lumbar puncture. In fact, you should have received some sort of written instructions. Beyond that, I think they should have given you additional, verbal information about what to expect due to experiencing six attempts. It's possible the site is still sore because of multiple tries and because of hitting a tendon. However, if you begin to run a fever, it's time to seek medical attention. Fever could be a sign of infection. Lumbar punctures are performed under sterile conditions, but infection can occur after-the-fact. I don't think four days of soreness at the puncture site is unreasonable, but if you're concerned, you might give your primary care provider a call. It never hurts (no pun intended) to get these things checked out. I hope you feel better soon!  It's difficult to say if these things are interrelated. You might have constipation/diarrhea even if you didn't have anxiety/panic attacks. Let's take on the bowel problem first. Whenever your bowels aren't behaving themselves, you should start with the basics: Make sure you eat plenty of foods rich in fiber. These can include fruits (including dried fruit), vegetables and whole grains. Fiber helps move material through your intestines. If you don't get enough fiber, you can become constipated . Make sure you're drinking enough water. Dehydration can lead to constipation. Interestingly, while too little fiber can cause constipation, it also can lead to loose stools or diarrhea . If you have loose stools, try increasing your fiber intake. But stay away from fruits temporarily because eating fruit in large quantities can give you very loose stools. Make sure you're exercising. Exercise (including walking) can literally help "get things moving" in your bowels if you're constipated. And exercise, in general, will help your body (including your bowels) function better. If eating plenty of fiber, drinking plenty of water, and getting exercise don't solve your bowel issues, then you should consult a medical professional. It's possible you have irritable bowel syndrome or another condition that can (or needs to) be treated with medication. Regarding the anxiety and panic attacks, if you're not under the care of a psychologist for these conditions, then I suggest you see someone. Anxiety is very treatable today. And since panic attacks often arise from unchecked anxiety, treating your anxiety may make the panic attacks go away. Wishing you well!  psoriasis? If so, not to worry it's quite treatable.  Not sure, is a friend  it could be your thyroid. I would go to a walk-in clinic to get it checked out.  ProActive is the best daily product to keep your skin healthy and clearer than "normal." It's only about $25.00 and it WORKS. You also need to check with your family doctor, or your Dermatologist to make sure that the type of acne you have isn't a more serious kind. Do some research on the different types and severity of acne to better determine if yours is just the run-of-the-mill, common type that we all experience at some point in our lives, or if it could be more serious. Almost everyone in the world has had blemishes in their lives, so don't let it get your confidence down....we've all been there!  You say have shingles 3 weeks ago , the little red tiny spots may have not related with shingles , because it is a long time . First you can daub some medical which cure Skin allergy , and you can put on a face mask , so that you can reduce The virus from other person . if you had do these , your symptoms continue , i think you should have a doctor .  Suboxone is a combination Buprenorphine/Naloxone. Buprenorphine will activate opioid receptors in the brain and prevent opiate withdrawal. Buprenorphine is a partial agonist meaning that it has a limit to how much it can activate the opioid receptors. It can prevent withdrawal but not create the euphoria. Naloxone is an opiate antagonist and prevents the drug from being abused  meaning that if the Suboxone is crushed and injected the individual will go into full and immediate withdrawal. When Suboxone is taken as directed, the Naloxone is not noticeable and the Buprenorphine offers relief from withdrawal. However, when Suboxone is abused, the Naloxone is fully activated and the individual will go into immediate withdrawal that cannot be reversed by taking other opiate drugs. Taking Suboxone and Methadone is dangerous and may send you into full withdrawal. You should talk with your doctor regarding your concerns regarding pain management, trying to self-medicate can lead to dangerous side-effects, and be fatal.  NO!!! Under no circumstances should you take suboxone and methadone together; you will end up in You need to see your pain management professional and explain that you are on suboxone and ask for something non-narcotic for pain.  I've heard there is a less evasive measure using sound waves to shrink the tonsils. Is this true?  If u have had a paniac attack in the past AVOID caffeine at all costs!!! I have always had anxiety 24/7 I don't drink soda or Starbucks but I had a frap at Starbucks one day and that set me over the edge. I had to leave class and go right to the school psychiatrist. Now I try to get decaf or ask them to halve the caff. Bc espresso is crazy high in caf!! Esp if ur not use to it.  There are many potential mechanisms by which food may cause symptoms. Allergic reactions are caused by allergic antibodies leading to immediate hypersensitivity reactions. Nut allergy typically causes itching, lip/tongue swelling, nausea, vomiting, lightheadedness, flushing and/or rash. The rash is usually hives (welts) but some develop other types of skin eruptions. Ulcers in the mouth is an unusual manifestation. Make a list of all the foods that cause the symptoms, timecourse of development of symptoms in relationship to eating the food so your doctor/allergic can further investigate.  Finding an asthma doctor/pulmonologist to partner with, if he does not already have one, may be beneficial. What medications is he taking on a routine basis for asthma? For some patients with severe allergic asthma, xolair may be helpful. His doctor will be able to determine whether this is an appropriate possibility for him....  I do not know of a way to explain those symptoms in the context of your allergies. I would mention them to your primary care doctor so an investigation into other possible causes can be undertaken.  Frequently patients with asthma or allergies experience a flare in their breathing or nasal/ocular symptoms when exposed to irritants such as strong odors, perfumes, new paint or new carpet. Most of the time the symptoms are due to irritation instead of an allergic or toxic reaction to the chemicals.  All of your choices are good ones. Have you tried trail mix eg almonds, dried fruit, walnuts. Nuts are full of nutrients but have protein as well so that just a few can be 'filling'. Also a fiber based cereal with low fat milk is a snack that I often have when i have the munchies. Here's a great article http://www.webmd.com/diet/features/snack-attack Also, remember that sometimes if a person is stressed or tired, he or she may think they are hungry but really it is a stress response. Additionally, if you are not drinking enough water during the day, you may be thirsty and this may feel like hunger. In any case, drinking 6-8 glasses of water is key to be healthy. Glad you're doing so well with healthy eating. Keep up the good work!  Medicines can relieve 		 neck pain and reduce 		 inflammation of the soft tissues. Pain relief will 		 allow you to move your neck gently, so you can begin easy exercises and start 		 the healing process. Although pain relievers, muscle relaxants, 		 and antidepressants are commonly used for neck pain , none are well-proven 		 treatments. 2 Nonprescription pain 		 relievers include: Creams or gels, such as Bengay , that are rubbed into the 			 neck. Acetaminophen , such as Tylenol , which reduces 			 pain. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , including 			 aspirin (such as Bayer), ibuprofen (such as Advil), or naproxen sodium (such as 			 Aleve ), that can help relieve pain and reduce inflammation. Do not give aspirin to anyone younger than 20 because of the risk of 			 Reye syndrome . Prescription pain relievers include: Muscle relaxants , which are used to treat severe neck 			 pain and spasms when neck pain begins (acute neck pain). They include diazepam 			 (such as Valium ), cyclobenzaprine (such as Flexeril ), and carisoprodol (such as 			 Soma ). Narcotic pain relievers , which are used to treat 			 severe short-term (acute) neck pain. They include codeine , acetaminophen and 			 hydrocodone (such as Vicodin , Lortab ), aspirin and oxycodone (such as 			 Percodan ), and acetaminophen and oxycodone (such as Percocet ). Antidepressants , which are used to treat long-lasting 			 (chronic) pain. They include doxepin (such as Sinequan ) and amitriptyline . 			  Characteristics of 		 neck pain include: Pain that occurs from the bottom of your head to the top of your 			 shoulders. Pain may spread to the upper back or arms. Pain that is worse with movement. Limited head and neck movement. The neck may be stiff or 			 tender. Headaches . These are common and may persist for months. Nerve-related symptoms caused by pressure on the 		 spinal nerve roots or 		 spinal cord include: Numbness, tingling, or weakness in the arm or hand. A burning feeling when touched on the skin of the arm or hand. 			 A pain that feels like a shock and extends into the arm or 			 hand. Leg numbness or weakness, and loss of the ability to control 			 urination ( bladder control) or bowel movements. This occurs when 			 there is considerable pressure or injury to the spinal cord. If your neck pain is long-lasting (chronic), it may be 		 difficult to cope with daily life. Common side effects of chronic pain include 		 fatigue , 		 depression , and 		 anxiety . For more information, see the topic 		 Chronic Pain .  Yes, some can depending on how the pain is and how much you can handle  first put alcohol on it and if it dosent drop off then scrap it with a credit card then if that doesnt work either pry it off with tweasers. if it doesnt come out after all that go to the doctor they'll get it out :)  That was more then likely the pain.  Did they say it was near the hypo thalmus which regulates the body's temperature.  It could be a Brachial Cleft Cyst. Might appear small on the outside of the neck but is actually growing on the inside. Mine required surgery to remove (still have the scar) and grew to the size of a softball by the time it was surgically removed.  Sorry for the continuation, but I feel as much info as possible needs to be given. There has been no change in diet, exercise, or schedule (sleeping, work etc). There has been no added stress in life recently either. No matter what time of day, the pressure on the center of my neck (not the side muscles), as stated a thumb pressing "up into my skull" gives me a sort of orgasmic feeling, as if I didn't know I needed relief. More so it is the feeling of breathing 100% oxygen. (I work on aircraft oxygen systems and often test them. The pressure on my neck gives the same sort of "coming to, or awakening" that breathing 100% oxygen does). During a Migraine, this pressure point provides the most "instant" relief possible. I have been to my (military) PCM numerous times now, with no avail. Also my healthcare currently isn't accepting off-base referrals. Therefore, I am not able to see a Neurologist, or a radiology center fora CT scan. Thanks in advance for any help provided. -J      We are used to thinking about the telltale signs of heart attacks based upon many years of research and clinical observation of what men have experienced -- chest discomfort, arm and back pain, and shortness of breath top the list. But more recently, doctors and their patients are recognizing that women may experience heart attacks differently. Women may certainly experience chest pain, but they should also be on the lookout for less obvious symptoms, like nausea, indigestion, and palpitations in addition to shortness of breath and back pain. In fact, nearly half of the women in one study had no chest pain at all during their heart attack. Fatigue and shortness of breath were the most common symptoms. Whereas chest pain, shortness of breath, and fatigue are the most typical symptoms for men, these heart attack warning signs for women should be considered carefully.  It typically isn't a problem to travel a few weeks after a minor heart attack, although I'd discuss this specifically with his physician.  It typically isn't a problem to travel a few weeks after a minor heart attack, although I'd discuss this specifically with his physician.  CRP is a blood test that gives information about your body's overall inflammatory state. It's a nonspecific test that can be elevated if you have a bad cold or suffer from other inflammatory conditions like rheumatoid arthritis. However, the test also can be elevated in individuals with heart disease, even at an early state. Studies suggest that we can predict who might develop heart problems later on by looking at their CRP levels today. Some have argued that this test should be ordered on everyone, and then we should treat those with high values with cholesterol medication and other therapies. Others don't support this strategy.  Blockages in coronary arteries are caused by inflammation which results in damage to artery walls and accumulation of cholesterol plaque. We know that smoking, eating unhealthy foods, diabetes, and being sedentary are some of the risk factors for developing heart disease - genetics and family history play a role too. It's important to focus on (1) what we can do to reduce our own personal risk and (2) incorporate medical treatment and lifestyle changes to prevent future events.  You could be experiencing bone spurs in your neck. It is very painful, can come and go and the severity can vary. Turning your head a certain way can cause a flare up. You should start with a simple x-ray, then if that doesn't show the answer, then proceed with an MRI  Yes it could. I am experiencing the exact same thing. I am 53 and never had Migraines in my life until I was involved in a car wreck and hit my head. I now get Migraines frequently.....sometimes 2-3 a week  You need to see a physician about this IMMEDIATELY.  Snacks should be high in fiber and have important nutrients. Foods like whole grains, beans, fruits and vegetables all contain fiber plus other nutrients. If you choose to have carbohydrates include foods that are lower on the glycemic index (For more information about the glycemic index go here ). Examples of foods that are lower on the glycemic index are fruits, vegetables, whole grains, beans and nuts. These kinds of foods wont be absorbed into your blood steam as quickly so you will feel more satisfied. Snacks should also contain small amounts of protein as these foods take longer to digest and supply more energy over a longer period of time. Foods such as beans, nuts, seeds and soy products offer protein to balance the carbohydrate-rich foods if eaten together in as a snack. Follow this link for some snack ideas.  When I have my pains, it is in the middle of my back. It doesn't start on the right or left. It starts where my spine is and moves around to the front to where it hurts to breathe and move. The only thing that helps me are two bags of ice, for my back and just under my ribcage, and either 2 alieve's or 2 midol's. I had to checked out and was hooked up to a machine and everything. They said it was my breathing, but I can't remember if that was exactly the case. I lost 41 pounds but I could still feel the start of it but, I would take medicine before it could go any further.  Hi. First you should know what causes cancer. One of the major things is tobacco smoking or genetic mutation from your DNA.  I recently just got over Pneumonia myself and according to my discharge papers, it says that if you develop neck pain or stiffness that you should contact your doctor immediately. I had a little bit of both but I believe mine was from the bed rest. I would call your doctor and ask what they think you should do. Hope you feel better soon!  it could be the left tonsil...Look at it with a flashlight by looking at the throat. If you see anything white (white dots) they need to see a doctor. That is usually a sign of Strep Throat which can be extremely dangerous if not treated right away with antibiotics. If the tonsil looks healthy then it could also be a lymph node  Using my albuterol inhaler before exercising helps me  I do recommend getting another doctors opinion. It does seem like something that needs to be further evaluated. However, I would not assume he needs to see an oncologist just yet. I recommend seeing another primary care pediatrician and going from there.  There is always a risk with anesthesia, however the chances of things going wrong are slim for healthy children. Children of young ages get anesthesia every day for procedures like this one. I myself had it when I was just 6 months old and again at 7 years old for surgeries and all went perfect! It sounds like it would be a good idea to get it removed, especially since the surgeon is reassuring that there is a very slim chance of things going wrong,  Have you seen a doctor for this? That is a very long time to go on with this and not see a doctor. I recommend going to see one asap.  It sounds like Mono or Epstien Bar Virus (They can cause each other thogh) because I had both in Summer 2012 and I still got the swollen lympnodes (If you get these from Mono they can last up to a year)not suppose to but I do and to tell you the truth I think I am getting it again but a whole lot worse Mono can lead to Lymphoma (same symptoms as Mono) and I know that because my ex did and well I know I got Lymphoma or Mono again but anyways if you got Mono there is no treatment for it the only thing you can do is get a lot of rest and take some over the counter pain pills and you cannot do hardly any physical activity because when you have Mono your spleen gets swollen and if you fall you could rupture your spleen and the result for that is Hospital for a while. Mononucleosis Symptoms Pain or discomfort Enlarged or swollen glands Fever Excessive sweating Night sweats Skin rash Sore throat Yellow skin Yellow eyes Decreased appetite Fatigue Headache Tenderness to touch Weakness (generalized) Swollen tonsils Tender glands Unable to blink or close eyelid  Yes. There are nerve roots between the bones that connect each vertebra. If you have a slipped, bulging and/or herniate disc, depending on which way the disc pushes, it can affect any nerve that leads to the head and/or anywhere else in your body and cause pain.  There has not been, to my knowledge, any studies showing that sexual deprivation causes any harm. I am a 59yr old male with depression, anxiety, paruresis, OCD, & eating disorders ( OCD stopped when I began to take antidepressants, clean from eating disorders for some five yrs). Also, the medications I take greatly lessen my sexual impulses (which I don't mind since I never acted on them). The main problem is to focus on the problems which are definitely affecting your quality of life, such as the depression & anxiety. These may be a major reason why you have trouble keeping a job. Contact your local federal office to see if you qualify for SSI and medical aid so you can see a qualified therapist and psychologist to get help for your emotional problems. These doctors should also be able to help you with your sexual worries. I wish you all the best my friend.  Might be gall bladder  Median nerves symptoms can be caused by problems from the neck all the way down to the hand. In some cases there are problems with the nerve itself, and with the mylien covering. You really need a more complete workup to determine the cause of your median nerve neuropathy rather than at face value assume its a problem with the carpal tunnel. Some patients due require re-release of the carpal tunnel, or local flap to cover the median nerve depending on the problem if the workup reveals the cause of your symtpoms localize to the carpal tunnel region.  Thanks for the question. Aspirin is a very risky medication to use during pregnancy -- its use is generally cautioned in the 1st and 2nd trimester (pregnancy category C) and should generally be avoided in the 3rd trimester (pregnancy category D). Given your unique situation, it is absolutely important that you talk to your physician and other health care providers to discuss the risks and benefits of your medications, especially during pregnancy. Also, I encourage you to use one pharmacy with one medication profile so we can check for interactions and check for medications that should be avoided in pregnancy. You should consider having all of your medications on a personal medication list and show this list to your doctor, health care providers, and pharmacist.  My son had problems with his lymph nodes swelling and after the fear of lymphoma we found out that the cause was infection. Hopefully your outcome will be something easy to fix  Enlarged lymph nodes in the neck and jaw area can be caused by several conditions. If lymph nodes persistently remain enlarged after several weeks doctors usually consider a work-up to help determine the cause. Work up can include physical exam, lab tests, x-rays, and sometimes biopsy of an abnormal lymph node. Some infections that commonly cause enlarged lymph nodes are strep throat, mononucleosis, cytomegalovirus, toxoplasmosis, tuberculosis, and HIV infection. There are many more possible infectious causes. Some cancers cause enlarged lymph nodes such as head and neck cancers and lymphoma. There are several other medical conditions such as lupus, amyloidosis, and sarcoidosis that can cause lymph node enlargement. Certain medications can lead lymph node enlargement as a side effect. It is best for your brother to follow up with his doctor who can evaluate the need to do further work-up if lymph node enlargement persists. Here is a link to an article about enlarged lymph nodes http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/swollen-lymph-nodes-topic-overview Take Care  I have a device that I lay on floor and stretch my neck to help relieve some pain form bulging discs in neck. You can get shots for rotator cuff pain. How long the shots last is different with every individual. I've learned not to do certain things with my shoulder. Surgery can fix them all but that's not an option at this time, for me. I take over the counter pain med., don't want to start anything stronger, that's up to every individual.  I am no expert but the stomach growling could be from the juice (a lot of juice can cause things in your stomach to shift and resettle, especially if it is helping in digestion). The pain in your right side of your back could be gull (not sure if this is spelled correctly) stones. My girlfriend had it recently, though it caused her a lot of pain at times. The doctor said that gull stones can shift, either up or down, and get stuck there causing pain. They told us that if it persisted that she would need to get her gull bladder removed because it can cause an infection in her pancreas if the stones didn't dislodge and return to normal. Again, she had sever pain and they only told us if it persists that that would need to be done.  I also have been on antidepressants (numerous combinations) for coming on 28 years now. I normally would go through a needed med adjustment once every 3 to 7 years but now I am longer is benefitting from any of the normal drug combinations, MAOI's and even had shock treatment with no results. The only think I discorded was that when I took my ADD med's I would feel better for a hour or so. But there has to be some better way of having the will to life then getting happy off of my Addrell. Is there any hope for someone who has who has reached this point? because if I have a chose of living to be 80 felling like this then I would rather live 10 years happy on the Addrell and die earlier.  A dermatologist can examine the skin for abnormalities and assess for appropriate treatment. While "age spots" can appear as people get older, it is important to make sure any new skin "spots" are not suggestive of something concerning. A doctor can make that evaluation.  Yep it can. When there is a a traumatic injury to your body there is an increase in adrenaline and other hormones; the process of releasing more sugar is called gluconeorgenesis.  I would look at the sentence under the Answer. " This Answer should not be considered (Good) medical advice and should not take the place of a (LLMD) doctors visit". I added the words in brackets.  Personally, I found the answer to this above, very misleading. Although she mentioned the controversy, but she did not tell you about the overwhelming evidence against the CDC's view point on Chronic Lyme Disease. You are not alone, your are not the only one receiving answers such as this one as to why you are still sick. You will see for yourself through the help of a Lyme Literate doctor, that antibiotics can and will help improve your symptoms. You will also begin to find that no doctor with a closed mind will be able to help you through this. There is a group on Facebook called Lyme Disease Awareness, go there and get the right information from 13k people just like yourself who have been denied long term treatment from doctors. I was one of those people. I had other doctors who said I was fine, call these Lyme Literate doctors quacks. That quack gave me my life back! Go to the Columbia University Tick borne Diseases research Center website, at the top there is a second opinion option in one of the menus, click it and go see doctor Brian Fallon and get your answers there or at lymedisease.org  Try Yoga. The knots are due more than likely to stress. So Yoga is a way to let go of stress, and probably do something nice for your heart too.  i am a yoga guru in India. Been in the field for 12 yrs. I also have been suffering from arthritis for some time , in the neck , hands and low back. Believe me I am not taking any medicine. I have been able to manage only with Yogaanasas, Yoga nidra or Corpe pose.You have to learn from an expert and not self learn. It is a good pain reliever.  Yes sweetie you can get a tick from climbing a tree. You can get a tick from having a dog go outside and come back in. Lay next to you and it climbs on you. Ticks are not deadly except 1 and thats called the Deer Tick it's about as big as a pin dot and carry a disease called Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever and it will hit you hard and fast and extremely deadly.  Sweetie I would not waste anytime at all you need to see a doctor ASAP  Strress, but I would take NO CHANCES get in and have a cat scan!  There are no dangerous drug interactions between Premarin and Coreg -- the two medications can be safely taken together.  ... Swelling in the back of the neck and back in fibro, especially during a flare-up, is usually due to painful muscle spasms and bulging. Muscles that go into spasms will shorten in length, meaning they become thicker or bulge up. This appears as a swollen area to observe, and one can feel the lump or muscle swelling as well. It's not a true edema or fluid-type swelling. Heat or ice can help painful swelling/knots/nodules/spasms in the muscles. I prefer heat but some like cold better. Massage, stretching, and rubbing in a muscle cream are other types of self-directed treatments that may help and can be done by anyone anywhere. [A] doctor may consider prescribed treatments if the self-program does not settle down the pain. ...  It seems like this is a tough time for everyone but these are some of my go to snacks 1. Plain Greek Yogurt: it's high in protein and really fills you up. I sweeten it with a little bit of fruit or 1 packet of splenda. 2. A bowl of steel cut oats withs almonds, cranberries, and honey. These take about 20 minutes to prepare but are well worth the wait. 3. No calorie sparkling water. I don't know why but it tastes good and somehow seems to help quell my hunger. 4. Peanut Butter or Almond Butter and Banana sandwich on whole wheat. It's a great treat. If my belts a little tigt I'll only have half a sandwich. Make sure you measrue your peanut butter serving (1 to 2 tablespoons) 5. 2 slices center cut bacon and apple slices. I don't eat this alot because of the saturated fat in bacon but it definitely fills you up. 6. Trail mix: almonds, pecans, raisins with mini-chocolate chips be sure to measure your serving and pair with some raw veggies to fill it out 7. Sliced apple with 1-2 tablespoons of peanut or almond butter 8. String Cheese, Almonds, and a serving of fruit 9. My all time favorite is paleo granola. It's very high in calories so you have to keep your servings small but it's delicious. I'll also add a cut up banana to it as well. The recipe below makes 14 servings which comes out to about 300 calories/serving Ingredients 	  Yes, there are a number of exercises you can do 1. Planks: Starting position: Lying on the floor assume the up position in a push up. Hands flat on the floor, abs tight, legs straight. Helpful tips: -be sure to look straight ahead (in this case your looking at the floor directly beneath you). This keeps your cervical spine in a neutral position. -If this bothers your wrists, perform them with your elbows bent and your forearms flat on the floor -as fatigue sets in, don't tighten your neck muscles by clenching your jaw this might irritate your neck -repetitions: 3 times 30 seconds 2. Side Planks Starting Position: Lying on your side with your legs straight and stacked one on top of the other, your hips flat on the floor, elbow bent. The elbow is directly underneath the shoulder and the forearm is flat on the floor. Exercise: Raise your hips and legs off the floor, at this point the only thing in contact with the floor is one foot (the other is stacked on top of the one supporting you), your elbow, and forearm. The free arm can either remain resting on your side or you can raise it ou to form a t-position. Hold for 30 seconds, then rollover and perform lying on the other side Helpful tips: -just like with planks keep your cervical spine in a neutral position by looking straight ahead. 3. Crunches and Sit-ups -Many times these exercises can still be done in folks with neck problems. However there are 3 key points to keep in mind. 1. Don't clasp your hands behind your head. Many times as people tire they begin pulling on there head to bring their body up---irritating the neck. 2. Fold your arms across your chest or keep them straight at your sides, this will stop you from pulling on your neck. 3. Really concentrate on leading with your upper back and torso versus your head. The abdominal muscles are responsible for flexing your torso not the neck. By concentrating on using your abs, you can keep your neck in a neutral position. 4. Knee Tucks on a stability ball Starting Position: Assume the position I described in the first plank exercise your shins are now resting on the top of the stability ball. Exercise: Tighten your abdominal muscles and slowly draw your knees towards your chest. Pause, then return back to the starting position with your legs straight Helpful Tips -Exhale as you pull your knees towards you -Keep your neck in a neutral position by looking down at the floor 5. Since your dealing with an injury its important to start slow, concentrate on your form and proceed cautiously before attempting new exercises. Also run these exercises by the physician treating you for this condition to avoid re-injury For some additional exercises and video directions for some great exercises click on the links below  It sounds like your diet may be out of balance. Make sure to include 3-5 food groups with main meals and 2-3 with snacks (lean protein, whole grains, fruit, vegetables, dairy, healthy fats). For example, a salad with veggies and dressing includes vegetables and healthy fats but that alone is usually not enough to keep you full. So add a protein source to it (beans/chicken) and round it a piece of whole grain bread and a side of yogurt. The goal is to include foods with a high satiety value, meaning they take longer to digest and keep you fuller longer. Here are some ways to increase the satiety power of your meals: Make sure most of your meals have a source of protein. Protein is the most filling of the macronutrients (carbohydrates, protein and fat). So include nuts on your cereal, a boiled egg or chicken on salads and build your dinner meals around a lean protein source. Include healthy fats with your meals. Fat also helps to slow digestion and is satisfying. Try chopped avocado on salads, nuts topped on yogurt and veggies sauteed in olive oil. A healthy fat source at every meal will increase satisfaction. Fiber-rich foods are also filling. Include fruits and veggies with meals (as you have), whole grains, beans/legumes and nuts and seeds. While it's great to eat healthy, make sure you eat meals you enjoy that also taste good. That include sweets in moderation. A small piece of dark chocolate or cookie after a meal can increase satisfaction and help keep cravings at bay. Keep trying different things until you find meals that are not only healthy but satisfying.  I cannot find anything linking panic attacks to high blood sugars. It seems plausible that increases in stress hormones during a panic attack could temporarily increase blood sugars. Your son's A1C and fasting glucose are normal so the high blood sugars are not caused by diabetes.  Most people who eliminate up sugar have a hard time the first week or so and then feel better after that. The problem is that eventually most everyone who gives up sugar will eat it again -- and that is when the problems start. A better strategy might be to cut back on sugar -- and try to find more wholesome forms of sweet foods. Instead of fighting against your sweet tooth, which may cause the eventual "over-consumption," honor sweet cravings by finding more wholesome options. You can try a few squares of dark chocolate (be mindful and savor it) or bit of honey in your oatmeal that is topped with fruit and nuts. The result will be a diet that is much lower in sugar but higher in satisfaction. For more tips on dealing with sugar cravings, see this WebMD article. Good luck with your health journey!  Asthma is a condition that results in inflammation in the airways, which makes them overly sensitive to triggers in the environment. In response to triggers (cold, allergies, smoke, or others) many people with asthma experience episodes of tightening of the muscle layers surrounding the airways (bronchospasm). The airways (bronchi) constrict, airflow is reduced, and breathing becomes difficult. Daily inhaled steroids reduce the ongoing inflammation in asthma, prevent asthma symptoms, and tend to reduce their severity when they do occur. Inhaled albuterol relaxes and opens constricted airways during episodes of bronchospasm. Numerous alternative therapies for asthma have been proposed and studied. Acupuncture, chiropractic, massage, biofeedback, and dietary changes have their advocates, but so far have not shown any consistent benefit in controlled studies. In one small study, people who regularly performed deep breathing exercises called buteyko breathing reported fewer symptoms and less need for albuterol than the other people in the trial. Once an asthma attack has started, a bronchodilator medicine like albuterol is usually necessary. There is no recommended alternative therapy. For many people, asthma is a serious medical condition, so before making any changes to your treatment plan, talk with your doctor.  Septic shock is a dangerous condition that results when a severe infection evades the bodys defenses. The bodys normal response to infection is a process called inflammation. When inflammation is confined to one area of infection (like a wound or a pneumonia), the natural chemicals released help fight and control the infection. In septic shock, these inflammatory chemicals spread through the bloodstream, where they dont belong. These chemicals, and substances released by bacteria, cause blood pressure to fall to dangerously low levels. Antibiotics are the most important treatment for septic shock. However, antibiotics alone dont correct septic shock, because the bodys response to the infection is as harmful as the infection itself. Intravenous medicines to increase blood pressure (vasopressors) are needed during septic shock. Many people with septic shock become unconscious, and some require mechanical ventilation (life support) to breathe. Septic shock can be fatal, and there are few effective treatments. In most cases, treatment means providing life support until antibiotics and the persons immune system clear the infection, and the massive inflammatory process subsides.   (CIP), also known as , is one or more rare conditions where a person cannot feel (and has never felt) physical pain. Paitents with this dissorder can still feel touch they just can not feel pain. It is a neurological problem. You should get checked out by a neurologist to make sure everything is okay.  Losing excess weight, exercising regularly, controlling diabetes and high blood pressure, lowering "bad" LDL cholesterol, and stopping cigarette smoking are crucial steps in preventing heart attacks and strokes. The association between homocysteine levels and atherosclerosis is generally weaker compared to the known risk factors of diabetes, high blood pressure (hypertension), high cholesterol level, and cigarette smoking. It is recommended that healthy adults eat more fresh fruits and vegetables, eat less saturated fat and cholesterol, and take one multivitamin daily. One multivitamin will supply 400 mcg (a microgram is one-one thousandth of a gram) per day of folic acid in addition to vitamins B6, B12, and other important vitamins.  Women are more likely to encounter delays in establishing the diagnosis of heart attack than men. This is in part because women tend to seek medical care later than men, and in part because diagnosing heart attacks in women can sometimes be more difficult than diagnosing heart attacks in men. The reasons include: Women are more likely than men to have atypical heart attack symptoms such as: Neck and shoulder pain. Abdominal pain. Nausea. Vomiting. Fatigue. Shortness of breath. Silent heart attacks (heart attacks with little or no symptoms) are more common among women than among men. Women have a higher occurrence than men of chest pain that is not caused by heart disease, for example chest pain from spasm of the esophagus. Women are less likely than men to have the typical findings on the ECG that are necessary to diagnose a heart attack quickly. Women are more likely than men to have angina (chest pain due to lack of blood supply to the heart muscle) that is caused by spasm of the coronary arteries or caused by disease of the smallest blood vessels (microvasculature disease). Cardiac catheterization with coronary angiograms (X-ray studies of the coronary arteries that are considered the most reliable tests for CAD) will reveal normal coronary arteries and therefore cannot be used to diagnose either of these two conditions. Women are more likely to have misleading, or "false positive" noninvasive tests for CAD then men. Because of the atypical nature of symptoms and the occasional difficulties in diagnosing heart attacks in women, women are less likely to receive aggressive thrombolytic therapy or coronary angioplasty, and are more likely to receive it later than men. Women also are less likely to be admitted to a coronary care unit.   Factors that increase the risk of developing atherosclerosis and heart attacks include increased blood cholesterol, high blood pressure, use of tobacco, diabetes mellitus, male gender, and a family history of coronary heart disease. While family history and male gender are genetically determined, the other risk factors can be modified through changes in lifestyle and medications. High Blood Cholesterol (Hyperlipidemia). A high level of cholesterol in the blood is associated with an increased risk of heart attack because cholesterol is the major component of the plaques deposited in arterial walls. Cholesterol, like oil, cannot dissolve in the blood unless it is combined with special proteins called lipoproteins. (Without combining with lipoproteins, cholesterol in the blood would turn into a solid substance.) The cholesterol in blood is either combined with lipoproteins as very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL), low-density lipoproteins (LDL) or high-density lipoproteins (HDL). The cholesterol that is combined with low-density lipoproteins (LDL cholesterol) is the "bad" cholesterol that deposits cholesterol in arterial plaques. Thus, elevated levels of LDL cholesterol are associated with an increased risk of heart attack. The cholesterol that is combined with HDL (HDL cholesterol) is the "good" cholesterol that removes cholesterol from arterial plaques. Thus, low levels of HDL cholesterol are associated with an increased risk of heart attacks. Measures that lower LDL cholesterol and/or increase HDL cholesterol (losing excess weight, diets low in saturated fats, regular exercise, and medications) have been shown to lower the risk of heart attack. One important class of medications for treating elevated cholesterol levels (the statins) have actions in addition to lowering LDL cholesterol, which also protect against heart attack. Most patients at "high risk" for a heart attack should be on a statin no matter what the levels of their cholesterol. High Blood Pressure (Hypertension). High blood pressure is a risk factor for developing atherosclerosis and heart attack. Both high systolic pressure (when the heart beats) and high diastolic pressure (when the heart is at rest) increase the risk of heart attack. It has been shown that controlling hypertension with medications can reduce the risk of heart attack. Tobacco Use (Smoking). Tobacco and tobacco smoke contain chemicals that cause damage to blood vessel walls, accelerate the development of atherosclerosis, and increase the risk of heart attack. Diabetes (Diabetes Mellitus). Both insulin dependent and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (type 1 and 2, respectively) are associated with accelerated atherosclerosis throughout the body. Therefore, patients with diabetes mellitus are at risk for reduced blood flow to the legs, coronary heart disease, erectile dysfunction, and strokes at an earlier age than non-diabetic people. Patients with diabetes can lower their risk through rigorous control of their blood sugar levels, regular exercise, weight control, and proper diets. Male Gender. At all ages, men are more likely than women to develop atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease. Some scientists believe that this difference is partly due to the higher blood levels of HDL cholesterol in women than in men. However, this gender difference narrows as men and women grow older. Family History of Heart Disease. Individuals with a family history of coronary heart disease have an increased risk of heart attack. Specifically, the risk is higher if there is a family history of early coronary heart disease, including a heart attack or sudden death before age 55 in the father or other first-degree male relative, or before age 65 in the mother or other female first-degree female relative.  As described in the first example above, the symptoms of a panic attack appear suddenly, without any apparent cause. They may include racing or pounding heartbeat (palpitations) chest pains stomach upset dizziness, lightheadedness, nausea difficulty breathing, a sense of feeling smothered tingling or numbness in the hands hot flashes or chills trembling and shaking dreamlike sensations or perceptual distortions terror, a sense that something unimaginably horrible is about to occur and one is powerless to prevent it a need to escape nervousness about the possibility of losing control and doing something embarrassing fear of dying Although the duration of a panic attack can vary greatly, it typically lasts for more than 10 minutes, is one of the most distressing conditions that a person can experience, and its symptoms can closely mimic those of a heart attack. Typically, most people who have one attack will have others, and when someone has repeated attacks with no other apparent physical or emotional cause, or feels severe anxiety about having another attack, he or she is said to have panic disorder. A number of other emotional problems can have panic attacks as a symptom. Some of these illnesses include posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), schizophrenia, and intoxication or withdrawal from certain drugs of abuse. Certain medical conditions, like thyroid abnormalities and anemia, as well as certain medications, can produce intense anxiety. Examples of such medications include stimulants like methylphenidate (Ritalin), diabetes medications like metformin and insulin, antimalarial medications like quinine, as well as corticosteroid withdrawal, such as withdrawal from dexamethasone (Decadron). As individuals with panic disorder seem to be at higher risk of having a heart valve abnormality called mitral valve prolapse (MVP), this possibility should be investigated by a doctor since MVP may dictate the need for special precautions to be taken when the individual is being treated for any dental problem. While the development of panic attacks have been attributed to the use of food additives like aspartame, alone or in combination with food dyes, more research is needed to better understand the role such substances may have on this disorder. Anxiety attacks that take place while sleeping, also called nocturnal panic attacks, occur less often than panic attacks during the daytime but affect about 40%-70% of those who suffer from daytime panic attacks. This symptom is also important because people who suffer from panic symptoms while sleeping tend to have more respiratory distress associated with their panic. They also tend to experience more symptoms of depression and other psychiatric disorders compared to people who do not have panic attacks at night. Nocturnal panic attacks tend to cause sufferers to wake suddenly from sleep in a state of sudden fear or dread for no apparent reason. In contrast to people with sleep apnea and other sleep disorders, sufferers of nocturnal panic can have all the other symptoms of a panic attack. The duration of nocturnal panic attacks tends to be less than 10 minutes, but it can take much longer to fully calm down for those who experience them. While panic disorder in adolescents tends to have similar symptoms as in adults, symptoms of panic disorder in younger children are less likely to include the thought-based or so-called cognitive aspects. Specifically, teenagers are more likely to feel unreal or as if they are functioning in a dream-like state (derealization) or be frightened of going crazy or of dying. Symptoms of panic attacks in women tend to include more avoidance of anxiety provoking situations, show more frequent recurrence, and more often result in the use of medical care compared to panic attack symptoms in men. The frequency of panic attacks may increase, decrease, or remain unchanged during pregnancy.  The treatment of neck pain depends on its precise cause. Treatment options include rest, heat or cold applications, traction, soft collar traction, physical therapy (ultrasound, massage, manipulation), local injections of cortisone or anesthetics, topical anesthetic creams, topical pain patches, muscle relaxants, analgesics, and surgical procedures. Home remedies for treatment, such as Jacuzzi treatment, neck pain relief exercises and stretches, and neck pain relief products such as neck pillows for sleep and hot pads can be very beneficial for relief of some forms of neck pain. There are many treatment options, depending on the particular neck problem and past treatment experiences. Alternative treatments that have been used for chronic neck pain include acupuncture.  Neck pain is commonly associated with dull aching. Sometimes pain in the neck is worsened with movement of the neck. Other symptoms associated with some forms of neck pain include numbness, tingling, tenderness, sharp shooting pain, fullness, difficulty swallowing, pulsations, swishing sounds in the head, dizziness or lightheadedness, and lymph node (gland) swelling. Neck pain can also be associated with headache, facial pain, shoulder pain, and arm numbness or tingling (upper extremity paresthesias). These associated symptoms are often a result of nerves becoming pinched in the neck. For example, compressing the nerve of sensation to the back of the head, which comes out of the neck, causes headaches in the back of the head. Depending on the condition, sometimes neck pain is accompanied by upper back and/or lower back pain, as is common in inflammation of the spine from ankylosing spondylitis.  Congratulations! It sounds like you are doing an excellent job with your lifestyle changes. Diet and exercise are the cornerstones of treating both heart disease and diabetes. But at the same time, there are many studies that show that taking statins after a heart attack can actually help prevent future heart attacks as well. A major study called the CARE trial showed that people who were on statins for at least 5 years after a heart attack were less likely to need further procedures, such as bypass surgery or stents. They were also less likely to die from heart disease. Statins can help keep plaque from building up in the arteries, including those around the heart. In some cases, they can actually cause a regression of the plaque. A statin may also help stabilize this plaque so that it is less likely to break and cause a blood clot. A blood clot in an artery on the heart wall is what causes most heart attacks. It is very important that you work closely with your doctor. Your lipid levels and other risk factors should continue to be carefully monitored. Talk to your doctor about any concerns you have about your medications. Working together, you will be able to come up with a long term treatment plan that is right for you. Keep up the great work!  This is a great question! You are probably referring to a presentation that was made at the 2012 Canadian Cardiovascular Congress by Dr. Jacob Udell from the University of Toronto. Dr. Udell gave the results of his research involving over 3000 patients. About half of them had existing heart disease and the other half did not. The influenza vaccine had been given to about one half of the participants. The other group received a placebo or harmless fake vaccine. Results after one year showed that those who had received the real vaccine were about half as likely to have had a stroke, a heart attack or death due to a heart problem. These results were exciting and very interesting. However, the research looked at only 4 small studies done between 1994 and 2008. Also, the total number of people that had a stroke, heart attack or cardiac death was very small. Researchers are now trying to construct a larger study to confirm the results. It is a known fact that the flu can be associated with worsening of existing lung and heart disease. It seems logical that anything that would decrease the risk of getting the flu would therefore reduce the risk for these complications. But more research is needed to draw firm conclusions. We do know that over 200,000 American are hospitalized each year with complications from influenza. And that there are between 3,000 and 49,000 flu-related deaths annually. The CDC now recommends that everyone over the age of 6 months should get the flu vaccine. Check with your doctor if you have not already had one this year.  Possibly hypothyroid. Look up conditions on here and see if they relate. That would be my best guess without knowing more. It can make you feel really bad if left untreated.  I want to ... talk about the use of aspirin for prevention of heart attacks, strokes, and other blood clotting problems. Aspirin is commonly used for minor aches and pains and to reduce fever. Aspirin also combats the effects of platelets, blood cells that help blood clot. This helps reduce the number of heart attacks and strokes. Indeed, platelets are essential to human life because an excessively low count would cause bleeding. But platelets can also be involved in too much clot formation. When this occurs, it can block a blood vessel and can lead to many potentially life-threatening problems including heart attack, stroke, and pulmonary embolism (a blood clot in the lungs). Its important to achieve a balance between too much clotting and not enough clotting. There is much confusion regarding the use of aspirin in prevention of heart attack and stroke. The use of aspirin to prevent a first heart attack or stroke  called primary prevention  is widely debated. There have been approximately seven clinical trials testing the effects of aspirin in someone with no prior history of heart attack or stroke. The doses have varied from 50 mg to 500 mg. While not all the trials showed benefit, only one trial showed an increased risk of bleeding, but those were patients on high dose aspirin. Based on this ambiguous data, the current American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines recommend aspirin for primary prevention only in men with diabetes and intermediate cardiovascular risk, and without an increased risk of bleeding. Those patients who have a 10% risk of a cardiovascular event over a 10-year period are defined as intermediate risk. The European Society of Cardiology guidelines do not recommend aspirin in primary prevention. In patients with previous stroke, heart attack, or certain other blood clotting problems, aspirin has beneficial effects. For these people, The American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guideline recommends starting aspirin 75 mg to 162 mg and continuing indefinitely in all patients unless other medical problems prevent its use. The benefits of aspirin need to outweigh the risk.  You should see your doctor. Sharp pain like that could be a sign of something serious but there is no way to know without seeing your doctor.  I can suppose, that you have intervertebral hernia. It would be better, if you go to the doctor and get MRI.  Hi and I get it. Don't know that it is normal nor not normal but I do know that vitamin B1 helps that. If you take 100mg of B1 with a meal in the ams, you will notice it has a calming effect on your. When the body is "running low" on B1, one tends to be more upset, panicky, etc. So you could try taking B1. I do this each time I start noticing I am getting upset, etc. Don't take it after dinner though as it might keep you up and also it might give you funny dreams the first night but after that you will notice you will be calmer and "ok" with things and you sleep will be better too. I am not a doctor so this is not scientifically proven by me but I do know it has that effect on myself and my friends. Hope if helps.  Am a pharmacy student I think that this problem is mainly related to stress. I see that you you can try many things for anxiety. Including :exercise,yoga,sport,music.other than that limiting caffeine consumption can make you feel better.   I've been dealing with panic disorder; officially since 1976. I'm not sure, there is, just one singular cause of it period. It could be in your diet, the air or even the water we drink. Something triggers the flight / fight syndrome, when there doesn't seem to be a reason for it. Something is activating the adrenal glands. I do think stress; while it's hard to tell if you're under stress sometimes, will cause the episodes, or make them more intense. Dealing with this issue; when you're new to it can cause much stress. I've been on benzodiazepines on and off since 1976. Ive been more on meds over the last 25 years than off. Your medication doses may need adjusted, but anti depressants tend to give you a boost, or make you feel weird; which can kick in an attack. Try looking for more holistic approaches to feeling better, like change your diet, see it if helps. Exercise, try meditation, reading or listening to your favorite music and breathing exercises help a lot. The medication; should, you stay on it long will eventually, need changes to another type or a higher dose. My panic was so bad; I had to open my own company, to stay at home, whenever I had to. It usually comes and goes; as they say waxes and wanes. Usually it has other phobias which develop as well. You want to steer clear of people and places, which you think cause the attacks. I don't know that they will ever disappear; however they should diminish in frequency and intensity. Best of luck and work on your end helps a lot!  This much I do know ! If the oxygen in any place is lower or higher than normal; most likely will kick in a panic attack ! https://www.google.com/search?q=breathable+oxygen+percentage&rls=com.microsoft:en-us&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8&startIndex=&startPage=1&gws_rd=ssl  Sure sounds very probable with a low oxygen content in a room. Humans do well by inhailing 19 - 21 % oxygen. Any more or usually less will kick in a flight or fight syndrome. Wow imagine how the patient feels when there are more lungs sucking up their air and blowing out the carbon dioxide...........whew Look up breathable air content, as far as heat not sure about that.  Put your head down toward your knees and apply an ice pack to the back of your neck.  Congratulations on taking control and choosing to get healthy! I weighed more than you when I started my journey and I'm now down 101 pounds with about 40 more to go.  Hi, Ok for a start google depo shot side effects, a lot of what your saying is there, as for coming off it that would be your call. But you need to sit on your computer and find something that's a near match. have you thought of Nuvaring, that may help, there's IUD that's if you have had a baby, but cant remember if would help with your problem with the periods. Do hope some of this helps. Good Luck  Hi Your find bed sores are from people who are bedridden, ie in bed 24/7. Yours could be from as you say, but if you can sleep on your back do this alternately, this should ease your problem. Good Luck  Hi Heres some links that may help you understand things a bit more. http://www.cancerfightingstrategies.com/fungus-and-cancer.html#sthash.UvQpjJBD.dpbs http://www.topicalinfo.org/forum/topic.asp?TOPIC_ID=242 http://www.merckmanuals.com/home/skin_disorders/fungal_skin_infections/candidiasis.html http://www.earthclinic.com/CURES/melanoma.html Look not knowing just what your son has so put in this last one, all things naturl can help as well. Just copy each one into google to open and read. Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi found you this link, see if it helps you. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23703415 Just copy into google to the www. to open and read Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think this is getting into Chinese medicine area, try searching there. Good Luck  Hi, This is off my head, but do you feel shorter? it could be a crushed disc? I would get to an ER and tell them you storey, they should give you an x-ray on an MRI, either will show if you have had damage done. Good Luck  Hi, If you mean DVT, then its done with a scan. Good Luck  Hi Yes there is , I found you this piece of info, you will need to follow it up and see what's happening now, and can you get on there list or do they know of any other doctors using this treatment. Hope this helps you. Good Luck And last the link, http://abcnews.go.com/Health/story?id=118139 Just copy this link into google to open and read  Hi Sounds like you just have a stiff neck, you need it massaged with some pain relief a couple of times a day, give a it a couple of days doing that, and it should just ease away. Good Luck  Hi Well somebody's honest for once, you just need to retrain him, he has to start eating what your eating, he needs to start eating with you, put away his little table, it has to go. When you can you need to get eating out amongst people, try good old Macdonald's, or Pizza hut, get on tables with other people, get friends around at meal times, all these things will help him socialise while eating. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Check the side effects of the drug, it should be there, if its not get back to your doctor ASAP But also google natural ways out of anxiety/depression, if you can get one of these working, you could give up the drugs, your find that even meditation works. But if you do this just come of the drugs very slowly but cutting back the amount each day over 4 weeks. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Check the side effects of the drug, it should be there, if its not get back to your doctor ASAP But also google natural ways out of anxiety/depression, if you can get one of these working, you could give up the drugs, your find that even meditation works. But if you do this just come of the drugs very slowly but cutting back the amount each day over 4 weeks. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Its a bit hard to0 say over t5he internet, you should go see your doctor, get some simple tests done, and take it from there, but be straight with to the start of your problem. He needs all the facts. Good Luck  Hi Are you good at tossing a coin, which would you have sooner had the heart attack with perhaps no survival or the operation you had. Just think you have had seven years on do doubt a healthy life or possible death. Do you want the coin. Good Luck  Hi look I don't know you so cant report you, but first you do need to stop driving, now before you either kill somebody or your self or both. PLEASE NOW, STOP DRIVING. Look as this was after a sea trip to where?, but as you say deployment, so you must be military, so where ever you went you have picked up something, so you should present yourself for tests ASAP Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Go have a look on www.earthclinic.com your find loads on ACV, and all the info you will ever need, if you cant find anything on heart blocks, you can post to Ted, if you do this keep a note of the day you posted so you can find it, your see why. But there is lots of natural meds on there. Good Luck  Hi TLT, You have not said if your on any kind of BC, if not give it a try. Heres 3 links that may through some extra light on your problems. http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/menorrhagia/DS00394/DSECTION=causes http://www.marieclaire.com/health-fitness/advice/female-hormones-cycle http://blogs.webmd.com/womens-health/2010/11/let-it-bleed-causes-of-heavy-periods.html Do hope you find the help you need Good Luck  Hi, First you have to think clearly to this, how great is your need, and stick to it. Are you physically dependent on it? If yes could be a good time to quit. Keep away from your haunts. |Do things that will occupy yourself. Once you have quit, start counting the days, your off it. The more your off alcohol the better you will fill. If you do need help? Find somebody all ready doing it, try AA and seek help. Remember, you're not being forced to give up a good friend who has treated you well. Instead, you are finally ridding yourself of an enemy. Adjust your attitude so that quitting is made easier. Your better half wants you to quit; your selfish half wants you to stay the same. Talk to your doctor. If you choose to start the path to recovery alone, bear in mind that alcohol withdrawal can potentially be deadly. If you start experiencing severe withdrawal symptoms (panic attacks, severe anxiety, the shakes, rapid heart beat) you should seek immediate medical assistance . The condition could potentially deteriorate to delirium tremens, which is deadly, if left untreated. Don't feel like you need to quit alone. You are carrying a heavy burden, but plenty of people (including people with medical degrees) want to help you. It's often easier to quit with the help of medical intervention than it is to try it cold turkey. Doctors treating withdrawal from alcohol often prescribe benzodiazepines to help with symptoms. Benzodiazepines, which include alprazolam (Xanax), clonazepam (Klonopin), diazepam (Valium) and lorazepam (Ativan), are psychoactive drugs used to calm anxiety and quell panic. They are relatively safe and are rarely fatal when overdosed. Now is the time to pick a day to stop. Get rid of all alcohol and wine bottles either full or empty, beer cans, etc. Don't feel that just because you are having guests over you need to offer them a beer, wine, or cocktail. It is perfectly fine to offer people tea, lemonade, coke, or the like. Remember the reasons why you quit in the first place. Cherish your reasons. We don't always have reasons for acting the way we do  you may not have had very many when you were struggling  but when we do, they give us meaning and make us principled. That's a good thing. What are your reasons for staying sober? I never want to miss work because I have a hateful hangover again. I never want to embarrass my child in front of her friends again. I never want to be ugly to my spouse because I've had one too many again. I never want to get a DUI (again). I never want to drunk dial my friends and relatives and act like an idiot again. I never want to hide bottles all over the house again. I never want to have to pretend I remember what happened the night before when I don't recall anything after X o'clock again. I don't want to lose this marriage the way I lost my first marriage to the ravages of alcohol again. And last I wonder what it would be like to feel good again. When you do this its the time for you to get healthy again, good food get out and exercise, breath good fresh air. These will all help. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, Sounds like summer flu, just treat it as you would flu in the winter, hot drinks, pain killers and drink lots of fluids, if you don't feel like eating then don't Just stay in bed and sweat it out. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, So you think your falling, me I fall off a kerb, gives you a jolt, for me, it means the wife gets my knee up the backside. There called sleep twitch's, or hypnic jerks, your find you not alone, I think we all get them at sometime. Do hope this helps you, Good Luck  Hi, Blood in urine or stools go see your doctor ASAP, its a golden rule. Good Luck  Hi Its a warning, have you been strenuous through your life so far always working to the edge, then yes it will happen, like I said its a warning, time for you to start slowing down, if your still in the army, think about getting out, or find a good number in there. Know what I mean, try the motor pool, worked for Sgt Bilko. Good Luck  Hi I think its about time you gave up the bike for a while and get into a car, its not helping by the sound of it. Im sure your g/f or wife would prefer something red hot and throbbing between there legs like you would want it to be? Yes Sop for a start get in touch with a uro and get some tests done, and see what treatment he can offer, the bend is from a build up of plaque, I have seen an operation for this in the UK about 10 years ago on channel 4. But have a read of this link. http://www.webmd.com/erectile-dysfunction/guide/erectile-dysfunction-peyronies-disease Also try these links. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/04/health/treatment-for-peyronies-disease-shows-promise.html?_r=0 Been also trying to find a link between cayenne pepper and the plaque in your penis, its good for removing plaque from the blood, then hit a brick wall for an answer to pyronies. So see if anything above helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Ok try this, but I do take laying on your back is OK, lift your right leg up, your hubby swings his right leg over, and he can then enter you from here, you rest your right leg on him, from here he can have sex with you, he can play with your breasts and nipples, and why having sex he can massage your clitoris or you can, orgasm city here you come. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK you say he's very active, that's good for him, I think some how he's had a strain in his neck muscle, this a repeat of that. Get him in a gym next time he OK, let them show him how to slowly re-strengthen up his muscles up, with luck this should overcome the problem. Do hope this helps him. Good Luck  Hi Your find that's from putting pressure on you system, blood pressure would be the main culprit. But if your really worried go see either your doctor or optician and get some tests done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, So, A you should have been to a doctor 51/2 months ago. Now, B its sounds like you have big trouble, so now go to your doctor or an ER ASAP but I would not tell them how long you have had it. Good Luck  Hi you should find this very interesting piece of info for your problem. Panic disorder during menopause can become a very debilitating symptom for many women. Sometimes, for apparently no reason at all, a woman's heart speeds , her breathing quickens, sweat beads on the brow, and she experiences rushes of energy , as though her "fight-or-flight" instinct has been activated. Because of the hormonal fluctuations occurring inside the menopausal woman's bodies, several physical and psychological effects take place, such as panic disorder. The best way to alleviate panic disorder is to gain an understanding of it. Read below to learn all about panic disorder, it's causes, and treatment options. Your find more info at http://www.34-menopause-symptoms.com/panic-disorder.htm I do hope this helps you and your problem. Good Luck  Hi Your find once a stents in its there for good, as it gets absorbed into the artery. So Cholesterol, at 188 would be high, are you on statins? If you are, go have a look at this site, www.spacedoc.com may sound like its a joke site , but far from it, just get on there and have a good read, lots to read under health left hand side top. Plus what your see down the right hand side. Theres lots of natural help if you want it. Just come back through, answer this, above. Good Luck  Hi When you had this head trauma, di you go to an ER? If not then is the time to get thereASAP One never knows what we have done. Good Luck  Hi Have a look on www.earthclinic.com I did and now on apple cider vinegar and L-carnitine fo9r it seems to be working for me. Good Luck  Hi if you google androgel and heart attack, there is certainly a lot to read as well as the FDA report. Have you thought of getting the implant to back your testosterone back up, your find the only problem is that now your off it after so long, the using of androgle may have shut down your own testosterone. Think you may need another trip to your doctor. Have a read up about anrogel on www.franktalk.org, ask paul he is the big cheese on there, you can pm him through the site, all you need to do is join. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Your tinnitus works with your heart and blood flow, so when you bend over the blood flow to you head goes up, hence it get intensified, and when you hyperextend your neck and head it goes the other way. If you think about it, its quite simple. Good Luck  Hi Your tinnitus works with your heart and blood flow, so when you bend over the blood flow to you head goes up, hence it get intensified, and when you hyperextend your neck and head it goes the other way. If you think about it, its quite simple. Good Luck  Hi If you follow this link there are some ideas for mole removal without surgery, you mat find this helps? Good Luck  So Sorry here's the link. Link http://www.wikihow.com/Remove-Moles-Without-Surgery  Hi can you take advice, if you can try these they may just help with time, one is cayenne pepper, very good for arthritis or RA, you just need a 1/4lb jar some tomato paste and CP, mix some with tomato paste and thin with olive oil, do this to a heat that suits you at first, you have to try it. OK you take 3 small spoonful's each morning first thing wash each one down with water, just give it time and it will work, so overtime you can build up the heat you take. Apple cider vinegar should help your other problem, I take this as well and the CP. But just put a small amount in a small glass, mix with orange juice and take, do this 3 times a day, see how this helps you, I have some fibresitus or something like that, its keeps it down for me. Just go to www.earthclinic.com, and www.cayennepepper.info lots of info on both. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If its that bad the ER first would be a good thing get it cleaned out first then see how its looking before you get involved with a plastic surgeon. Good Luck  Hi What your getting is a side effect of cervical spondylitis, its something your just going to have to live with, the only thing you can do during sex is to try and keep away form doing those things. I know its easy to say, but hard to do. You did not say which diabetes, 1 or 2, if its 2 are you controlling by diet and exercise, if you can it would be best for you sex life, diabetes drugs are sex killers. Have a read of this link, could be helpful. The Link, http://www.researchgate.net/publication/7376788_Improvement_of_sexual_function_in_male_patients_treated_surgically_for_cervical_spondylotic_myelopathy Just copy into google to read it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes you can get thrush from mould spores, as these are in your basement, there could be a permanent lift of spore from your basement. just through ventilation. So get your self well get some masks and get the mould sorted out, some antibacterial spray should help, spray and wash down, as you go round the basement. Get it cleared, then get better ventilation to stop the mould coming back. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Your find by doing a lot of reading up about this, some people are even born with them, and for the rest of there lives they just keep coming. I had a mate at school he was always having them, worked with a much older guy once just the same spent his whole life living with boils, sometimes between 6 to 10 at a time. Me, can only ever remember having one. Your find your just one of those people. Sorry for you. Good Luck Last thought, have a look on www.earthclinic.com you may find some help there.  Hi Your find by doing a lot of reading up about this, some people are even born with them, and for the rest of there lives they just keep coming. I had a mate at school he was always having them, worked with a much older guy once just the same spent his whole life living with boils, sometimes between 6 to 10 at a time. Me, can only ever remember having one. Your find your just one of those people. Sorry for you. Good Luck Last thought, have a look on www.earthclinic.com you may find some help there.  Hi, Do you know if you grind your teeth during the night, all your symptoms look as though they point to that problem. How do I know, I do the very same thing, if your under stress or having any problems, that's how you do it, its down to troubled sleeping. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It takes 3 months for HIV to show through, these symptom's could just be from you worrying and stressing your self, after having unprotected sex. Try relaxing takes, some timeout, do anything than thinking you made a mistake. Good Luck  Hi I have a couple of thins you can try, one is not to drink any coffee again, see how that goes. The next is from another persons research, its this. Histamine Intolerance http://www.imupro.com.au/food-intolerance/symptoms/histamine-intolerance http://www.allergyuk.org/common-food-intolerances/histamine-intolerance And a couple of sites you can look at. You can also try earthclinic.com you may find some help on there. Do hope you get some relief. Good Luck  Hi We all have a pulse in the right side of our necks, you may have a swollen gland that's giving you some discomfort. I would get off and see your doctor, just to be on the safe side. Good Luck  Hi This year we are using Seresto from Bayer, not cheap to buy, the only ticks we see are dead ones, and no fleas, so you can get these for mans best friend and smaller ones for cats, but if your cats have never had collars, you may find them hard for them to keep on, our vet out here in Greece, put one on his cat, 2 minutes later it was off, that quick. Sometimes they even get one of there legs through them, now that makes them look a bit odd. But they are very good. Good Luck  Hi See the above answer.  Hi, I would have thought gentle would be the way to go at first, then over time start to slowly build up, but I would think 8 to 10 weeks would be a good way to build up. But what has you doctor told you to do, or the surgeon who worked on your heart what do they say. To me gentle would be the way to start. Good Luck  Hi, Go find another ENT doctor, and keep doing that till you find one that will help you, have a good look round the web, you must find one somewhere. One problem is you would need to come off the blood thinners about 7 days before the op, but you really need find the right doc first. Good Luck  Hi This sounds like baby has its foot or something else in a nerve, they will do this sometimes. I think you know when its labour pains, labour pains will grip you, like you will not believe. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of going on the BC pill, to control your periods, that would get that part out of the way. The hair growth sounds like you producing to much testosterone, hence the hair growth, why not get your doctor to do a hormone test again, (perhaps your doctor forgot to get back to you?) that would tell you how things are going with your testosterone, and your other hormones, but being on the pill may help to straighten them out. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, This is the first time I have heard of shock collars, and I can see why your dog wants to run away, so would I. Seems you have forgotten how to train your dog, this is the lazy way, you should not own a dog if you think this is the way out, how would you like being zapped like that. Hope somebody else has an answer for you, for me first you need training, so you can train you dog, its not rocket science. Good Luck  Hi Yes you can either go sit in the sun, naked if you can, no sun creams or oils, just O natural, the sun reacts with you blood gets turned into vitamin in your kidneys. Or you can go get some vitamin D tablets/capsules, either sould do it for you. Me I jus love being out in the sun, and yes O natural, I do believe it keeps you healthy. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just think cayenne pepper, its so good for our blood if taken right, I take it daily, I put my self on it for ED help. But here's a link that may help you understand what it will do for you. The Link http://www.zetatalk.com/health/theal02i.htm Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well kids will do this, along with eating dirt, coal, and lots of other nasty things, they can even eat the odd worm, I would not worry to much, it will pass. Good Luck  Hi Well your on here asking questions, so if it had been a heart attack? who knows. But I do think like you it wind/gas, it gets trapped and gives us some fantastic pains, two things that will help, one get some really strong mints, or get some peppermint cordial, and take this very strong, then go for a long walk, but just hang on to your hat when the wind breaks. Good Luck  Go see a dermatologist as soon as possible.  Yes, it is possible to outgrow food allergies, although thats not always the case. You should slowly try to introduce this back into your diet in VERY small amounts. If you don't seem to have any problems then you shouldnt have anything to worry about. If you want to be sure, then you can see your doctor again to have another round of allergy tests.  I would seek a Physician m'friend at your Doctors Office with more extensive testing. ER is limited as to its testings, etc... they are primarily for emergencies, however they can help with treating you immediately "until" you go to your Physician. Thank God for ER, but they are truly only for "emergencies" they will diagnosis & treat for what "they diagnosis" until you with your Physician. I am not sure of your med's reactions, however you need to go to your Doctor and stay in close contact with him/her. If you haven't been taking it long, you should be alright,  yes, i can tell you from personal experience that it can and does. just keep staying away from the stuff. there's a lot of people who don't feel like that and they will pressure you and pressure you to keep smoking it but you have to just not smoke it. it's still gonna be in your system for awhile. if you just don't smoke it, in time the symptoms will get milder and milder and will eventually dissipate. just do not smoke that sh%* anymore and you will be fine trust me.  Hi and thanks so much for your question. Sounds like you're a nocturnal eater like so many people out there. Here are some thoughts and recommendations:  As a heart patient myself, 16 months post stent placement and on Plavix. I had to have a Laminectomy and before the Neurosurgeon would touch me I had to get a Cardiac clearance from my Cardiologist. He refused to give it until my 1 year anniversary. I ended up almost completely paralyzed and had my surgery 2 days after my anniversary date. They WILL NOT operate on you without a cardiac clearance. Good luck and God bless!  I'm a firm believer in a conservative approach to everything and I don't feel that a diagnosis of an anxiety disorder necessarily requires medication. It may require medication, but first I believe other things should be attempted. First, I think you should look at any stress you may have in your life because there may be something that is causing you stress and which can be bringing this on. Have you considered what might be happening in your life lately? Remember, stress builds up over time, so it may be something that has been something about which you were unaware as to how much it was affecting you. The medication you were given, although originally formulated to treat depression, is now used for panic attacks. Since anxiety and panic attacks, usually, also have a component of depression, these medications have been found effective. There are, of course, other older medications which can be just as effective. It looks like your doctor was providing "bridge therapy" which means he was providing the Xanax to help you until the other medication was fully effective. Research indicates that panic disorder may happen as we reach later midlife, even though we've never had them before. This may be a function of our changing biology and nothing more. It may also, however, reflect the change in stressors in our life as we age. For that reason, I suggest you look at your lifestyle and see if there might be something that is distressing for you  Since it's now been five years since you had your first panic attack, and you said you've tried many medications without success, I'm wondering who was doing the prescribing. Sometimes, it takes a combination of more than one medication for you to get relief from persistent panic attacks. Several other things which can help in controlling anxiety include regular, mild exercise ... proper diet, access to social activities outside of the home, positive self talk, and relaxation breathing. Getting yourself out of the home and having some time for yourself is always a good idea. That's where a yoga class or even one for tai chi, would be good because it accomplishes two things; it gets you out, and it provides exercise that is physically and emotionally relaxing. Try some of these things and see how helpful they can be. It may take a few weeks, but it's worth the effort.  ...It doesn't seem to usually be a random occurrence that anxiety attacks come with caffeine use. There may be a difference in the caffeine that you are ingesting. For example, different types of coffees contain different levels of caffeine. Some of the popular coffee shops grew a particularly potent coffee which can be very unsettling in terms of sparking anxiety. Caffeine can also be ingested via soda, candy and OTC medications. It's wise to always read the labels carefully. Of course, the instances where you have had caffeine and have had a panic attack may be precipitated by both the caffeine and some stressful situation. You might want to begin keeping a log of when this occurs so that you can look for any similar variables. I know this is almost like being a researcher, but that's what all of us have to do; research our own lives. ...  Absolutely, people do get sick to their stomach when they are stressed and have a panic attack. it's a pretty common occurrence, so don't feel you're alone or that you are in some way weak. What do you do to handle your stress on a daily or weekly basis? I would recommend that there are several self-help things that you can begin to do for yourself. The first of these in addition to exercise would be to ensure that you were eating a balanced diet, get sufficient sleep, get out with friends and socialize on some semi-regular basis, get involved in activities you enjoy that are not stressful, and used relaxation breathing on a daily basis. One thing you should also consider is having a medical checkup just to ensure there are no physical problems....  luckylucas, First, have you had any traumatic experiences in the past few years? You describe reliving these exeriences for days, and in one case you mention this has been going on for years. Do you suffer from hypervigilence, (always looking over your shoulder) to see if anything frightening is there. Do you see on TV, in public, hear conversations or noises that remind you of a traumatic event. Do you have startled responses to certain stimuli that remind you of traumatic issues. Is your sleep good or bad. Do you anger easily, or isolate yourself? If so, you may want to see a Psychologist or Psychiatrist and have an evaluation for PTSD. Disorders, like phobias, panic attacks, depression, and obsessive compulsive behaviors are very much a part of the PTSD syndrome. The key to your question is, "I cant make it go away" which is a classic example of PTSD. These are called Intrusive Thoughts; you cannot get rid of. Ordinarily treatment for GAD, Panic Attack, and OCD are very treatable with therapy and medication. However, PTSD is one of only two memory based disorders in DSM-5. The other is Dementia or Alzheimer's Disease. Basically what I am saying is, you cannot erase a memory is why PTSD is usually a life long disorder with no cure. The best treatment is a combination of medications and management of your symptoms. I hope this helps. Patrick4287 Licensed Psychologist  go to a doctor to have it looked at, it may need to be removed.  Yes, if your doctor is willing to say that you cannot work because of it.  There certainly might be. You really don't state the "neuropathy" you're experiencing. If it's pain, numbness, tingling, ... "neuropathy" is a general term as given to a condition of the nerves, so you really need to supply more information. Until one has that information, to assume anything would be wrong to state on this page. The neck to finger tips may be a red flag for a nerve degeneration, ... but to be honest, ... this sounds like perhaps a circulatory situation. Best to see your doctor and have a 'work-up' done. Best of luck to you.  You should be checked out to be sure you don't have a concussion. You may have strained your neck, more likely than any kind of spinal injury, but conking your head could have resulted in a bruise on the brain - that's what a concussion is, and you don't need to have lost consciousness to have one. I had a number of concussions that were not treated in the past, and regretted it. It's better to check it out than to be sorry. After all, your brain is the most important organ in your body! A promptcare location or your local ED should check out your head and neck. In the meantime, put some ice in a baggie and rest it gently against your head. Keep your head elevated. Don't take any meds that could fog your head and make a diagnosis difficult. Good Luck!  No  If you still have those symptons you need to go see your doctor. If they have gone, I would worry unless they come back. Good luck.  I know what you are going through is scary, I have had most of the symptoms you mentioned in the past. I think that it would be worth seeing a doctor because they provided me with a lot help and now I am more stable. I know that it can also be scary going to a doctor, but remember that you are in control of the situation and if you feel uncomfortable suggest a new doctor. I hope this helps.  I am not an expert and am only answering from my own experience. Even back to when I was younger, I can remember always being hungry and always eating. People used to comment on how much I ate and that I didn't gain an ounce. I also try to eat healthy and love vegetables. Two years ago I was diagnosed with hypoglycemia- low blood sugar- not due to diabetes. Especially around the time of my period my blood sugar is hard to control. I feel like I'm starving and of course crave chocolate! I usually give in and then that starts a viscious cycle with my blood sugars. I try to have a variety of vegetables, fruits, cheeses, peanut butter and whole grain snacks (wheat thins, triscuits, etc) on hand. So if you are feeling the signs- shaky, dizzy, weak, grouchy, feel like you could eat a freakin' cow LOL!.... you may want to have your blood sugars tested.  I have had the same symptoms. It could just be a pinched nerve or disc damage. To find out for sure you'll need to see an Orthopedist, Neurosurgeon, or Neurologist and get an MRI. I had surgery for mine and was pain free the next day.  c4ncer.  I had the same problem, severely, a few years ago (almost every day, to the point that I had to retire early). I improved quite a bit years ago with the help of a service dog, who could sense when I was about to have an attack and alert me to take anti-anxiety medicine before the attack happened. However, what really helped me at first was to take prophylactic medication until my generalized level of anxiety decreased. (I did relaxation, desensitization therapy and other relaxation methods like yoga, but it wasn't until the attacks reduced that any of it helped.) In the meantime, the best thing you can do for your friend is to help her with a solution for her REAL fear - vomiting in public. Encourage her to carry a plastic zip-loc bag in her purse (so if she does get sick she won't make a mess that others will have to deal with), and tell her if she feels that she is going to be sick in public you will help her get to a private place to be sick if necessary. There is also an over-the-counter medication called Emetrol that will calm the vomiting reflex and allow her to relax and calm down. I still have occasional serious nausea attacks, but I ALWAYS carry at least water and sometimes diet soda to calm my stomach. (For what it's worth, I think my extreme anxiety on the subject was caused by a kindergarten classmate who vomited all over me during nap-time.) The fear of vomiting in public is not typical, but it can be very debilitating - and it is much more difficult to treat than a fear of heights or claustrophobia. It is virtually impossible to do progressive desensitization for vomiting - it's kind of difficult to "partially" vomit, then relax!  It could be a pinched nerve or, God forbid, an aneurysm. PLEASE see your doctor or go to the emergency room immediately. This is NOT something you want to take any chances with. You are the best advocate for your health, take advantage of that and take care of any problems that come up with your health - and take any preventative measures to make sure you stay healthy.  Wrinkled necks have to be treated much more delicately, much more carefully, because there is a little greater risk of problems, because the neck skin is thinner. It doesnt heal as well, it doesnt regenerate as well. The facial skin is fabulous, pretty much got that down, were kind of still at the frontiers at what to do with the neck and the upper chest from sun damage and aging. But, a combination of bleach creams, low intensity laser like treatments, like intense pulse light, which is popular and its good because its safe, but you have to have a series. You cant expect it to be one blast and have the job done as when we do the chemical on the face, when its a one time treatment. But typically over a period of a year, with 5 or 6 treatments, and they are quick, they are office visits, in and out, no down time, virtually no discomfort, add a little bleach cream into the mix, and that skin will look better. Not as perfect as the best result from a chemical skin peel on the face, but were working on the neck.  I don't have enough information (none, in fact) about you to make a blind diagnosis. If you are having panic attacks, you will need to see your medical provider or a psychiatrist to help you. There are some excellent medications that can hopefully fix this for you.  Perhaps. Redness and swelling are signs of infection or inflammation, so it would be wise to see your medical provider to determine the reason. Inflammation can be caused by the suture material, but your biggest concern would be a wound infection. Infected wounds can quickly get out of hand, so do not delay in getting this properly examined.  It is a problem if you do not know the CAUSE of your symptoms. Rather than try and figure out what you have or worry about having a heart attack, it would be best for you to be examined by a medical professional -- someone that can take a thorough medical history, examine you, order an diagnostic tests, and give you the true answer. Unfortunately, this is not something that can be done blindly over the Internet.  That is really up to you. I don't have enough information about the type of pain, severity, location, duration of the pain, your age, etc. to really make that decision for you. The only way you can get this problem properly evaluated to SEE your medical provider. I see no point in waiting at all.  As much as I would like to help you, you cannot be blindly diagnosed over the Internet by providing a list of vague symptoms. While I am sympathetic to your lack of insurance and financial constraints, the ONLY way that you can get to the bottom of this four year old mystery is to see a medical professional -- one who will perform a thorough medical examination and order some diagnostic lab tests. Sorry.  There can be many causes for itchy skin, but one common cause that can occur in those areas would be atopic dermatitis (eczema). Experts say that atopic dermatitis is not a "rash that itches" but rather an "itch that rashes", so itching is the primary symptom. Of course, when these areas itch, you will scratch. This can create an itch/scratch cycle that can only be broken by: 1) take an antihistamine like Claritin or Zyrtec to control the itching. 2) reduce the inflammation by using hydrocortisone cream, and finally, (3) do your best not to scratch, especially to the point where you may break the skin. This will set the stage for a secondary infection, and make things worse.  Yes, an old heart attack may still show up on an electrocardiogram, especially when having a stress test. Have your doctor go over this test result (since I have no way of seeing it, of course).  Biofeedback for hormonal imbalance??? Never heard of it. Sounds a little strange to me. There is no way that anyone will know that you are taking birth control pills unless you choose to tell them, or they drop out of your purse and someone sees them. Whatever odd biofeedback test for hormonal imbalance that you are having is unlikely to reveal that you (or anyone else) is taking oral contraceptives.  Yes, it is safe.  Unfortunately, no. Triamcinolone will not help Bell's Palsy. Prescription oral steroids, if taken early can help, but the topical steroid creams will not have any effect on this condition.  Yes, in my opinion. Taking them out sooner (7-10 days depending on the size and location of the sutures) would reduce the chances of getting a "rail road track" scar, but if you are not the type of person that scars easily, it may not be a big problem. As long as those sutures do not get buried in the skin during those extra days, you should be fine. Thirteen days may not be ideal, but it may be the best you can do. I am guessing, but are you traveling and may not be home to get them out eariler?  No...There are no bursas in this area, but you can get neck pain for a variety of other reasons and causes. It would be wise to see your medical provider so that you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  Insurance or not, there is very little that can be accomplished over the Internet in the way of diagnosis or treatment. Unless a medical provider can examine your daughter first-hand, it would not be possible to confirm or dispute her original diagnosis, let alone effectively treat her. The diagnosis of gout would require a blood test, as well as evaluating her challenged immune system. As you know, this cannot be done on-line. The most expensive care in the U.S. is at an emergency room. What she may have is not considered an emergency so, she would be better off finding a free clinic or one that charges on a sliding scale. Or, you can spend some time so she can get insurance, like Obamacare (ACA). I would not recommend her using flea and tick spray for dogs.  Depends on how hairy you are....if you were Sasquatch, you could certainly have head lice on non-head areas. Mostly, head lice live on the head (occasionally the eyebrows), and body lice live on the other parts (including the clothing). The pubic area can have pubic lice (aka, crabs)  I have no way of confirming or disputing this chiropractor's diagnosis, but I do have issues with the treatment plan. Degeneration by definition is "wear and tear, often due to aging". I don't believe it is possible to reverse aging by chiropractic adjustments, but then again, I am not a chiropractor who believes in those things. Before mortgaging your house, see an orthopedist for a medical opinion and have some imaging studies read by a radiologist. I think you will find a different perspective on your neck and low back issues  Yes...that would be one of the more logical possibilities to account for large, reactive cervical lymph nodes. I am glad you are seeing an ENT....  Zithromax will have no effect on influenza. It is an antibiotic and this would only work for a BACTERIAL infection; influenza is a virus. The prednisone may have been for wheezing (?). Neither medication will cause swollen lymph nodes, but your underlying medical issues, whether it was influenza or not, certainly can. You would need to see your medical provider again to properly evaluate the significance of those nodes.  I can't examine you, of course, but these knots are most likely reactive lymph nodes . You would need to see your medical provider to determine WHY this is happening.  Obviously, a completely stopped heart (cardiac arrest) is more life-threating, since you only have a few precious minutes to get it ticking again or death will occur. A "heart attack" is lay term that refers to dozens of different serious cardiac conditions, some that are life-threating and some not-so-much.  An Orthopedist would be the best place to start.....  Are you sure it is a petechiae in your eye and not a tiny subconjunctival hemorrhage? Hard coughing, common in uncontrolled asthma, can cause an innocent capillary rupture/hemorrhage in the conjunctiva, but not really true petechiae (these occur on surfaces).  It can....some of the muscles of the neck attach directly to the skull. This can cause a muscle tension type headache.  I don't know....I can't SEE them. Catch a few, put them in a container, and let someone identify your unwanted scalp residents. Your description is too vague to make a blind guess..  It is very difficult for me to comment on your case, since I do not know any of the details, including the reason for the antibitoics in the first place. Not all "swollen glands" are bacterial, so if you a a viral infection, they would not help (no matter what antibiotic you chose) If you are getting worse, it is up to your doctor to run some additional diagnostic test. I think this would be better than just throwing another (a 4th) antibiotic at it without really knowing if the underlying reason justifies it.  Probably nothing at all. You may have this extra hair genetically , but there is no reason for you to keep them. You can wax 'em off...pluck them out...or see a specialist and have this extra hair permanently removed. Most of these things are unwanted genetic gifts from your parents or grandparents, but if you feel you are having a hormonal problem that is resulting in excess hair growth, you would need to see your medical provider.  I do not believe that sex deprivation causes harm. Countless people on this planet are celebate, like priests or nuns, and are quite well-adjusted. Humans have many biological urges. If a person cuts you off in traffic, you may want to cause him harm, but you do not. As a child in a candy store, you may have the urge to steal candy, but you don't. You have strong sexual urges and you may be having difficulty dealing with them. Because you also have depression, anxiety, OCD, and panic attacks, all of these feelings may be overwhelming you. Yes, you do need some help. I am sorry but I am not aware of any web sites that deal with sexual deprivation, but this would not be the way to go for you. I do not know if you are a religious man, but you may be able to find help through a church or church-sponsored organization. Many communities have community mental health facilities that can provide some immediate and long-term care for you, perhaps in the way of medications or counseling. Rather than spend time on the Internet searching for sites that deal with sexual deprivation, devote this time to help yourself find the proper care in your area. I am confident that you will find help.  Taking your evaluation to a higher level is wise, but remember there are many, many reasons for a diminished lung capacity. A pulmonologist is the preferred expert in this area.  Migraines are vascular headaches, and not all headaches are "migraines". Migraine does not mean a severe headache, it is just one type of over a hundred different kinds of headaches. The type of headache you may be describing is one of the more common types....a muscle-tension headache, but the pain under the breast is not a typical symptom. Muscle-tension headache can certainly come from the neck. Since you cannot be blindly diagnosed over the Internet, I would suggest that you see your medical provider for a proper examination.  Not much. You would be better off seeing your primary care medical provider or a psychiatrist to help you manage panic attacks.  Those problematic moles can be surgically removed easily by your medical provider (if they do this type of procedure) or a dermatologist. There are many methods to do this, but most are either a shave biopsy or an excisional biopsy. Larger ones may require a tiny stitch or two; smaller ones may just be cauterized. This is definitely not something you can do a home. The moles will then be sent to pathology to be tested to make sure they are benign. There are no non-surgical ways of removing them.  Sometimes. This is called "referred ear pain". Because of the muscle connection from your neck to the area behind your ear (the mastoid area), pain in this sternocleidomastoid muscle can cause pain to be referred to the ear. Pain can also be referred to the ear from problems in the mouth, TMJ, lymph nodes, salivary glands, and throat, so if you are having problems in any of those areas, please see your medical provider so you can be properly examined. Don't forget that ear pain can also be a problem IN the ear, too!  The risk of Lyme disease would depend on the TYPE of tick (tiny deer ticks are the usual culprit, not dog or wood ticks), and if you live in an area that has a lot of Lyme cases. If you had saved the tick, the local health department may be able to check it for you. Since I suspect you did not, I would suggest that you all your local health department (I don't know where you live) for some better local advice, or have your fiance call his medical provider. You really do not enough information at this time to determine individual risk.  I can address your BPPV concerns, but unfortunately, it is not possible to predict how long you might have symptoms (assuming you were correctly diagnosed). BPPV has an annoying habit of coming back. BPPV is an inner ear problem. It does not cause palpitations or "head rush", and is not related to neck disorders, so these symptoms are not likely associated. Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV) is the most common cause of vertigo. The patient usually has episodes of recurring vertigo lasting several minutes or as brief as 15 seconds. Specific movements of the head often provoke the attack, usually following a brief delay of several seconds. People quickly realize the specific head motion or motions, which tends to trigger an attack. There are effective treatments, but you may need to see an ENT. <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p sizset="false" sizcache0545374454700537="300.71828182845905 46 23"> </o:p>  Atenolol is a blood pressure medication that has been used for some anxiety issues. If this seems to help him in these social situations, then I do think it justifies using it. I don't believe he will experience any adverse effects from taking this low dose. There are other medications that may be more helpful, if this does not work.  You are most likely getting (hives). Hives can be caused by the temperature change that you mentioned. You can try taking a long-acting antihistamine before these warm season exposures (loritidine Zyrtec, Allegra), to see if it helps. Urticaria caused by temperature changes may not be prevented by antihistamines however, but it is worth a try. Keeping your skin surface cooler would also seem to be a reasonable preventative; wearing clothing that "breathes".  I can't comment on the accuracy of his diagnosis since I can't examine your child, but a three-year old who has been vaccinated with the chicken pox vaccine can certainly get painful shingles. It doesn't happen very often, but I do see this several times a year in my busy clinical practice.  Maybe, but it depends on which fingers are involved. The nerves to the hand, arm, and fingers does originate in the neck.  Then, get an opinion from a MEDICAL DOCTOR, such as an orthopedist. All you have now is your chiropractor's opinion -- someone who is getting some financial benefits from keeping you under care for a long period of time. If you have osteoarthritis, chiropractic is NOT going to cure you. So, see an orthopedist. Have an MRI of your neck,  One form of vertigo could be caused by neck/head movements, and that would be BPV (benign positional vertigo), but there can be hundreds of causes.  No, it does not. There are no rules in medicine that state a person can only have one medical issue at a time, so you can have both, but they are not related.  As you know, I have no way of examining these mysterious red blisters over the Internet, so I am at a disadvantage. Hand, Foot, and Mouth disease will give whitish papules (look like tiny blisters but are more firm) on the PALMS of the hands, SOLES of the feet, and canker-sore like lesions inside the mouth . What you are describing would not be consistent with Hand, Foot, and Mouth disease.  Maybe your doctor should refer you to a back specialist (orthopedist) for a higher-level evaluation. Musculoskeletal issues in the neck can be very complex, so you will need a careful medical history, thorough examination of your neck/shoulders, and most likely, some imaging studies. Don't ever worry about asking your doctor "too many questions". They are not working for free...they get well-paid to address your concerns.  Not really. A stint is "improved vascularization", but revasculariazation requires your coronary blood vessels to step up to the plate, get bigger and create new vascular pathways to feed a starving heart.  You will lower the salt a little bit, but food cooked and canned with salt will likely have salt still in the food. You are better off with fresh or frozen vegetables....where have the control over the amount of salt that is used.  Whiplash involves the neck, not the lower back. You will need to see your medical provider again so that the back can be properly evaluated.  Unless your friends are psychiatrists, I would not trust their diagnosis of you being crazy. I cannot give an medical explanation as to why your elbow cyst causes you to have neck spasm, but I can tell you that nerves from the neck do go to your elbow area. See your medical provider so you can have this so-called "weird cyst" properly diagnosed.  A bulging eardrum can cause vertigo due to the pressure. This usually means a middle ear infection, but cephalexin would not be my drug of choice to treat this in an adult, although I don't know your dosage or medication history. The medicine probably is not your culprit, but rather your ear disorder. Vertigo is also common in INNER EAR infections, and these are often viral. Viral infections do not respond to any antibiotic therapy. Since I have no way of knowing your diagnosis or severity of symptoms, you will need to consult your medical provider if you are not getting better.  I have to see your MRI to really make that call. Personally, I have to TWO rotator cuff repairs (both failed), and may be facing a third surgery in the future. Each person's injury is really unique, so it would really be impossible to blindly know if you need surgery or not unless I was intimately involved in your case. I don't even know your age or how this incident occurred. I can tell you that orthopedists are surgeons and surgeons do like to perform surgery. Your cortisone injection was most likely for inflammation and pain, so I hope that helps, but it will not fix a complete tear.  The legs are only ONE problem when there are suspected peripheral artery disease. A more critical artery would be the carotids....the two main blood supplies to the brain. The neck Doppler is to make sure the carotids are patent.  Contact dermatitis is a itchy rash caused by CONTACT with some allergen.....soap, detergent, perfume, plant, etc. Eczema (atopic dermatitis) is genetically-dry skin. They can both be treated with topical steroids, like you are using, but it can take a while to get it under control. Contact dermatitis will continue to bother a person as long as the unidentified allergen is around. Eczema can last a lifetime....  I certainly do not know enough about you or your case to pronounce you "well" and free of all cardiac disease. If you are worried about the status of your heart, see a cardiologist and have an ECG taken on a treadmill. If the cardiologist pronounces you heart-healthy then you can be assured that all is well.  No. This type of laser will not cause any problems with your vocal cords.  Get a paper tablet and write one thousand times: "I will not mess with a pimple in my ear every again." Then, call your medical provider, explain the situation. You will either be prescribed an oral antibiotic over the phone for the infection you most likely caused, or you will need to be examined first-hand...and, then prescribed an antibiotic.  I have never heard that before, and medically it does not make scientific sense. My answer would be NO.  Maybe, this could be a delayed drug reaction, perhaps from the antibiotic course, or this could be hives to something entirely different. You will need to discuss this with your medical provider -- someone who knows you, the details of your care, and someone that can examine you first-hand.  If it was a common brown tick, often seen on dogs, you are likely fine as long as you washed your hands. A deer tick (smaller) can cause Lyme disease if the tick actually bit you and attached, but no if you just picked it up from the floor. Yes, there is a high "yuck factor" but the chance of you picking up a illness from this act would be remote.  There is probably little or nothing that can be done medically to make you grow facial hair. If those hair follicles were not present when you were born, you can't grow new ones. It is too late to change your parents and genetics, so the amount of facial hair that you have now is about all you will get. I don't think that medicines used for patchy baldness in men will work the same way on your face, but that would be up to your doctor or a dermatologist to determine. Testosterone, a male hormone, can cause some facial hair growth in men how are low, but again, if you do not have those follicles, it may not help. Your first step is to see a dermatologist.  There are more things that can cause neck/back pain than scoliosis, so I would suggest that you see a medical provider (orthopedist) for a consultation and higher-level examination. Neck pain is usually NOT solely related to scoliosis. Having a comfortable bed is always good, no matter what the reason for you back pain, but you would have to try various mattresses and pillows to find the best combination for you. What works for one person, will not likely work for another.  It is possible. Here's information about the ailment: http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/rocky-mountain-spotted-fever http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/picture-of-rocky-mountain-spotted-fever  It really sounds like you were exposed to it in the past but your body developed antibodies to it and beat it. Looking at thy sympoms, it would seem that you'd remember a full blown case.  My son is biracial and his dr said that its just his tyroid gland that its ok that they are swollen,just as long as there is no pain.He said that alot of boys get it.  Hi to both of you and I too am concerned about my wife Debra who is Type 2, seven rods in her back, Dvt in her legs, going thorough menopause, has alllergies and she has all things that you have been experiencing. You have to look at everything. I tell my wife Debra to invesigate everything and find out what works for her, and her Doctor said too that everything was fine. I told her to research her Metformin and she decreased it by 1000mg a day. Guess what she has never felt better, all because she has been losing weight.. Everybody needs to adjust things in this life. We also need to look at other things and it may be or not the problem like weather, flu, colds, nurtition. Try theses Immune Boasting Foods- Elderberry, Button Mushrooms, Acai berry,Oysters,Watermelon,Cabbage,Almonds,Grapefruit,Wheat germ,Low Fat Yogurt,Garlic,Spinach,Green&Black Tea, Sweet Potato and Broccoli and my favorite beets. My Wife just said it could be stress and or associated the nerves so the B-Vitimins would be area to start. I have to go, Bye Steve & Debra  I suffered from extreme anemia as well. You may want to talk to her doctor about the iron infusions. Those really are of more help than the actual iron supplement.  You probably need to take your ass to the doctor before you get Alzeimers in your sleep and throw up everywere and dont know what the hell your doing.  I took Paxil for over a year using the normal mid-range dose for depression. My physician and I discussed the continued need for Paxil and determined it was no longer necessary for me. My physician designed an extensive program to very gradually stop Paxil to avoid any withdrawal, and I followed it to the letter! I am not prone to withdrawal from medications, but we took no chances. After very gradually tapering off over several weeks, I quit using Paxil as planned. Although we had taken every precaution, I went through horrendous withdrawal for over a week! Based on my experience with Paxil, I would NEVER take this drug again!!  It sounds to me like it is muscular skeletal. But there are a number of conditions that could cause those type pains. One could be related to a spinal condition, but it could also be arthritic changes or Fibromyalgia. You probably should see someone who will evaluate you for these issues. Probably a Dr. Who specializes in rheumatism or orthopedic conditions. Tell your physician about it and he can send you to the right specialist.  Yes this is called L' Hermittes sign and I have this symptom in my arms and legs. Over time it has improved some but I still have the feeling of shocks if I move my neck quickly. Hope this helps.  You may be eating certain things that could cause this. Spicy or hot foods are more likely all the time going to give you heart burn , and BBQ such as meats and sauces. Although this may be something more serious - Possibly may be Heart Disease or a sign of a Heart Attack. Please consult your Physcian for a correct diagnosis as I am not the most smartest person in the world.  I suffer from anxiety/panic for 30 years now. Caffeine will definitely affect you depending on how much you use. For me exercise helped but at the same time it did make my heart race and sometimes I talked myself into a full blown attack. If you are healthy, chalk it up to worrying or anticipating an attack.  Tinnitus can be a jaw joint or TMJ-related issue. A dentist will do a complete examination, which includes evaluating: Changes in the degree to which you can open your mouth Deviations in opening and closing Clicks, pops, or pain A load test X-rays CT scans MRIs. It also could be an ENT or neurological issue. So you may want to see your physician for an exam, as well.  I have tried heat and medications for the fibro flare ups but I don't know  My wife has Devics disease and has these electric shocks everyday all over her body but mostly in her legs.  One option to consider is a chemical peel. Dermatologists that are familiar with chemical peels use a combination of salicylic acid, AHA, and TCA to remove the top layer of the skin and encourage new skin growth. Chemical peels can be very effective and are less costly than most laser treatments.  Neck lines and sagging neck are common complaints. Most patients ignore their necks until they notice how aged their necks look. The neck skin is fragile and requires more moisture than the face. Just like you moisturize your face you should be moisturizing you neck. Youll be glad that you did.  Plaque psoriasis needs to be addressed primarily by your physician. Plaque psoriasis can be treated with topical and systemic medications. There are also other treatments for plaque psoriasis without the possible side effects of systemic medications.  Ticks can carry Lyme disease which can cause major medical problems. I would take him/her in for testing.  You should still have her seen by a doctor. Especially if you do not know what type of tick it is. Do you know if it left a bull eye mark? They can treat with antibiotic as a preventative if caught soon enough. I would call your Dr.  Hi I have this too and my doctor said it was due to a thinning disk in your neck vertebre and it was pinching a nerve. She said nothing can be done cause it was from me having RA and just old age. Im 54. I hope you get help with this, I know its painful and I cant even sleep. Sometimes the pain meds dont work. Tamara  Hi I have Rheumatoid Arthritus. I feel that way all the time and also feel an achyness all the time. But I think you should go see a Rheumatologist and he can tell weather you have Osteoarthritus or RA. Or even if your doctor does xrays and blood tests, they can tell. I hope you get better soon. Tamara  yes  Yes, it sure does. Seven months ago my pulse went from around 55 to 65 count to over 200 beats.My blood pressure was steady at the 120 over 60. I was on a 325 coated aspirin since my by pass in 1999.  This sounds like a pinched nerve or possibly nerve damage. CAT/MRI will be required for diagnosis.  well, i thought this was a place where people could get some answers, but apparently not...  I have had the same problem. The sleep number bed with the memory foam overlay is best. Although the pillow you use may be more important. You need a good one, that cradles your head, and is slightly raised at the neck area. Sleep number can help with that too.  My experience in care of COPD patients included use of steroids to decrease inflammation, antibiotics to treat infection and nebulizer treatments to improve oxygen levels. Assuming there are no drug allergies to those medications, my instinctive answer would be that the treatment for COPD would not have had adverse effects on breathing. I see several of the same patients over and over again because their condition can worsen with weather changes. Most of them are in their late 60's, 70's and 80's, and have other chronic health conditions as well. I would not want to make this response a "CONCRETE YES" as an answer without fully investigating past medical history and so on. This is a GENERAL response only.  Difficulty breathing, often accompanied by a feeling of tightness or heaviness in chest often causing more anxiety as a person fears they may be having a heart attack. Also a panic attack manifests itself causing one to be more easily agitated or frustrated with simple things that would not normally bother them. The person typically appears unable to sit still, displays fear of something as they do not understand what is taking place and why they feel this sudden overwhelming rush of nervousness in them. Tapping fingers, pacing floors, chewing nails, appearing overly aggressive when irritated by "little things", swinging of feet or shaking of legs and feet. The feeling could be easily compared to that adrenaline rush in the "fight or flight" response used as a means of keeping one safe under certain situations and conditions.  no  possible infection of a tooth on that side? or just simply your body actively fighting possible infection somewhere on that side? how do you feel? see any open soars? tooth aches? throat? nose? ear?  you should have finished them as your doctor advised you to. Gargle with warm salt water and even gargle with hydrogen peroxide, if the soars in your mouth do not show improvement I strongly suggest you seek medical attention to avoid further infection you most def. already have and are battling right now.  I dont see any appropriate answer to this question besides keeping a close eye on the person mean while taking them to the ER. They can be VERY serious, and should be taken that way to avoid complications that could have been avoided. keep them awake....  Welcome! Here is some information on that may be helpful. I'd also like to ask if there is ? As you can see, there could be any number of things going on with you. In order to get a diagnosis and treatment you'll need to visit your doctor or primary care provider for an in-person exam. I hope you get some relief soon. WebMD Answers Staff  Here is a that should answer your question. The longest it has taken during this outbreak so far is 42 days. Regardless of what is causing the symptoms you list, it's worth calling your doctor and getting in to see him or her soon. We hope you get to the bottom of this soon. The WebMD Answers Staff  Hi and welcome! The only way to know for sure what these bumps are is to have your doctor or primary care provider take a look at them. In the meantime, here is some information on that may give you some ideas. The WebMD Answers Staff  I found this information on here on our site. (It's in the Bulimia section, so please try to overlook that.) If you're seeing blood in your stool or experiencing any of these other symptoms, please reach out to your doctor and let him or her know what's going on and find out if there are other alternatives or answers. We wish you the best! The WebMD Answers Staff  Vitiligo on the neck is a loss of skin color in patches. The loss of skin color tends to progress, and may even cover the entire skin.  Throat cancers may show symptoms of a lump and/ or sore throat that doesn't go away, a hard time swallowing, and change in voice. Click here to view a site for more details..  possibly scabies. The itching is intense at night, often not noticed during day.  If it is not constant i would get your blood sugar levels taken. Sometimes low or even high blood sugar can cause headaches and to become lightheaded. Low blood sugar symptoms include : shaking, fast heartbeat, sweating, anxiousness, dizziness, hunger, weakness or fatigue, headache, and irritability. High blood sugar includes: being thirsty, frequent urination , hunger, blurred vision, tiredness, and nausea. If you believe it is low blood sugar try to drink some orange juice or eat a candy bar and if it doesnt go away then contact your doctor. although i do not believe that it could be a brain tumor.  You could be getting strep throat. But normally if you are middle aged or older you will have problems with your iron levels. Especially with you being a woman. I believe that they are not connected symptoms but i did search the symptoms together and the most common diagnosis is leukemia. I believe that if you did have leukemia it wouldve been caught a long time ago not just recently. So i would just go to the doctor and ask for a physical. I hope this helps  First things first, relax and count to 10. It usually works for me. You also might want to check your blood sugars. I wake up the same way 9 times out of 10. I usually sit up, sip a glass of water. When that doesn't work, i do my breathing exercises. I do feel for you. I have been put on amitryptaline for my anxiety. Just a low dose but very helpful. Please seek some advice from you pcp and keep calm. think positive.  Please take your child to the ER and get the Dr. there to refer you to an oncologist. This could be an indicator of cancer or it might be nothing more than a swollen lymph gland, but you don't want to take chances with your child, I know. Good luck.  SYMPTONS OF A STROKE: dizziness constantly tired unexplained drop in bp vomiting head ache sensativity to light my mother in law had a blood clot in the brain steam. she described it as having a explosive mirgrain when she was awake. but all she did was sleep for hours and hours at time. she would wake up long enough to do the nesscities and back to bed she would go. do this for about 2 -3 days before but some ppl can do that for up to a month before they actally have one. ekg and blood work wont show any of these it's neurological. but wont show up on a ct because it shows the brain not the brain steam. which was where everything else came in. every sympton you mentionted plus nose bleeds and busted eye vessals but not every body does that, fact a lot of ppl do not.  My personal advise, see a chiropractor. They are marvelous. You can find some that will work with you per your insurance/not being able to use it. I used to have major migraines all the time. ( to the point of violently vomiting) from all the pain. They work wonders. I get adjusted once every week or more if I need it. I havent had a migraine or even a headace in years. They dont always work for everyone but its helped me so maybe it could help you too. 		   <!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <w:WordDocument> <w:Zoom>0</w:Zoom> <w:DisplayHorizontalDrawingGridEvery>0</w:DisplayHorizontalDrawingGridEvery> <w:DisplayVerticalDrawingGridEvery>0</w:DisplayVerticalDrawingGridEvery> <w:UseMarginsForDrawingGridOrigin></w:UseMarginsForDrawingGridOrigin> </w:WordDocument> </xml><![endif]--> <!--StartFragment--> I have a very similar problem. It seems to be a side effect of taking insulin. It starts with a tightness and pain in the back of my neck and then progresses into a headache. It becomes nearly unbearable. I have stopped taking the Novolog and within 24 hours or so, it goes away. I also get extreme weakness, shakiness and extreme pain in my spine. This is not a listed side effect. My doctors have not heard of this side effect nor do they know what could be causing it. The only thing I have found is that people with MS and Type 1 (I have not been diagnosed with MS and I have Type 2) sometimes get neck pain but it did not explain why. Im not sure my doctors actually believe this is happening. I also had the same experience when taking Humolog, Lantus and Levemir. By the way, the Lantus and Levemir increased my blood sugar levels. I have sensitivity to many medications and often get the opposite effects from what is expected. I cannot function from these side effects and I am concerned about not taking the medication. I also experience nausea. Has your mother experienced anything like this? <!--EndFragment-->  my neck cracks alot but not that prompts a head ache  Yes I do . so now what??  someone please answer me??  I found the list of conditions Wellbutrin SR treats. It is Depression, Bipolar Depression, Depressed Mood Disorder Occurring Every Year at the Same Time, Stop Smoking, Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity. The detail is here: http://www.webmd.com/drugs/drug-14211-Wellbutrin+SR+Oral.aspx?drugid=14211&drugname=Wellbutrin+SR+Oral&source=1&pagenumber=4 I hope this helps!  From an article on WebMD that I found: If the spinal cord or nerves become squeezed, 		 symptoms may include: Numbness, weakness, cramping, or pain in the 			 legs, feet, or buttocks. These symptoms get worse when you walk, stand 			 straight, or lean backward. The pain gets better when you sit down or lean 			 forward. Stiffness in the legs and thighs. Low back 			 pain. In severe cases, loss of bladder and bowel control. Symptoms may be severe at times and less severe at other 		 times. Most people will not be severely disabled. In fact, many people do not 		 have symptoms at all. From this it doesn't look like vertigo is typical, but I would speak to my doctor. Here is the article if you want to read more: http://www.webmd.com/back-pain/tc/lumbar-spinal-stenosis-topic-overview  http://www.webmd.com/parenting/baby/tc/postpartum-first-6-weeks-after-childbirth-recovery-at-home (especially in the arms, neck, 				or jaw) are common after childbirth. This is because of the hard work of labor. The soreness should go away in a few days." I found this really cool article about what to expect after a cesarean too - http://www.webmd.com/baby/tc/cesarean-section-what-to-expect-after-c-section  Here are the most common Fibromyalgia symptoms:  Sorry for the confusion. WebMD does not give you a lot of room to write, when you start off and I was having problems adding more.  See a specialist, specifically a gastroenterologist. Its important not to let it wait too long.  sounds like a pinched nerve. My daughter had that and it was from too much texting/computer.  Is it in line with the ears, right above where the soft part starts down the neck? Marble size? Bone hard? If so its completely normal! I have one and many other people do too. I've read you can trace your lineage to a certain region of the world if you have that bump. And the old wives tale of "bigger the bump smarter the person." lol  As one of member previously said, light to throat and find any white or block dots. if it is severe, consult the doctor.  Most probably an impingement either on a tendon or other. When blood flow is blocked..dizziness quite common.  How long have you had it it could be a urinary track infection slip disk see Doctor  see an orthopedic or a neurologist  i would suggest tylenol and mucinex, drink lots of water to thin out the mucus, the tylenol will help with the other symptoms  this could be a tension headache  I have experienced the same thing - it is very scary. The doctor's attribute it to extreme acid reflux. I am taking medication for the acid reflux and it helps; however, every now and then I eat more of a food I should eat in moderation - I overpower the medicine and once again have radiating pains in my chest, throat, and jaw. Hope this helps - ask your doctor. Good luck!!  Neck pain is a symptom. The causes can be muscular, neurological, or skeletal.  Have you seen a rheumatoid dr. for testing? It sounds like fibromyalgia, which I have. Mornings are the worst for me.  Most certainly not.  if you are female, this could also be symptoms of heart problems such as coronary artery disease. If you ARE STILL having these issues but only on an irregular basis, I would definitely consult with a cardiologist. I experienced the very same symptoms and only through my persistence and a caring doctor, did he find that I had one artery that was 70% blocked. While performing the angiogram, the doctors also discovered I had an artery behind my heart with a 99% blockage and of course, they fixed that first. I had no idea something as simple as a painful neck, such as the typical stress related pain, could possibly be heart related in any way. It then started to cause pain in my elbow and I thought I had twisted it doing something. I received about 3 injections in it before the I started to experience other aches and pains normally attributed to aging issues but at 60 years old, thought I was just showing more signs of the aging process. I was fortunate enough to find a doctor that knew something had to be happening so I went through many tests that would always come back as normal although the symptoms remained. The worst part was that I would never have consulted a heart specialist for any of my symptoms had another doctor ask me if I would mind seeing one of his colleagues. A heart doctor for neck and elbow pain? I thought it couldn't do any harm and when all tests came back as normal, I thought I was wasting my time until they suggested an angiogram...and I have to admit, I was just as shocked as they were when they discovered the "hidden blockage" behind my heart that did NOT show on any of the tests they performed on me. If you are female, see a cardiologist and don't wait...  Usually they can change the medication or ad to it. And since you mentioned that he has had a shock treatment. I am sure he is suffering sever depression. At this point with no results. I would see another Dr. And get a second opinion.  All these sympotm your are describing are common with anxiety.they are uncomfortable at first, but give the meds a chance to work, and you will see that some and maybe all of these symptoms will go away in time.  May I suggest trying herbal supplements an maybe organic foods an see what happens  Check with your ENT... could be something to do with the sinus'.  Sleep, if you can. try restful music or tv if you can't. or a book  My dr had told me it is normal to feel like that and symptoms of strep is swollen neck and lymph nodes. I know i felt like i got hit by a truck for two days  You Should See a doctor Just Because Its The Neck and the Spinal Cord area See a Doctor To Make Sure your Fall did'nt damage any nerves  it could be menopause  some medications cause numbness  some meds cause numbness  You may have strained your ocular muscles. I fell down the stairs in November and strained all my muscles. Didn't know why my eyes hurt until February. Don't wait get checked out.  I had similar symptoms and it was concerning enough for my doctor to put me into the hospital to run tests to check if I was having a heart attack. Men and women can have different symptoms when they are having a heart attack. Women in particular can have abdominal pain, nausea, and back pain when they are having a heart attack instead of the "classic" signs! I hope this helps!  Let her know that what she is afraid of is not the worst thing in the world. everyone gets sick and if you can get her to understand getting sick in front of everyone will not kill her and she wouldn't be the first, she probably will not get sick. have her imagine what she is most afraid of and the most likely resposnse of those around her. Chances are she has visions much worse than reality and can understand that.  I lay on the edge of the bed on my back. Hubby stands next to bed and pulls me towards him. if your husband is tall you can use pillows to adjust height. My husband has a bad back and this is a good position for him also....for oral sex I sit on the floor or pillow with my back against the bed.. This supports my neck.  get second opinion from nerophysician!  I do that all the time...even in bed. GO SEE A CHIROPRACTOR! I wouldn't want to live without one since I started seeing one. Usually, a quick adjustment to the neck is all it takes. Also, ice packs to the area help with the pain.  For the past three months I have been experiencing pain in my upper left arm muscle. It is constant. Also pain in my gums in my upper left jaw. (This has been checked by an endodontist.) I also have the same sort of pain in my knees but not constant. I am obese (240) but have low blood pressure and cholesterol. I also take care of my 95 year old mother now and have to stay on the move. In this past three months I have also had sinus trouble (sneezing and thick gunk in my throat & nasal passage.) I have not been treated for a sinus infection. There was also a bout of diarrhea & breaking out in sweats which lasted 24 hours. I don't seem to have a temperature though. I also have sleep apnea and COPD. I quit smoking 11/11/2011. Someone suggested that I could have had a heart attack because of the pain in my upper left arm. I was just wondering what the symptoms of heart attack are for women. I don't seem to feel any stress on my heart. There is no pain in that area. I used to have a very physical job (delivering heavy boxes, etc.) and I suppose I could have injured my upper left arm or shoulder somehow, but I retired in 1994. I'm just wondering if I could have had a heart attack. Thank you.  I am interested in this. What did they say or do that made U think they would not see your daughter? Why did they say they would not see her? Tell us the rest of the story.  You need to take in more calories than you are burning. You can reference an online caloric intake calculator. It will tell you how many calories you need depending on your activity level. You can get the excess calories from protein shakes and meal replacement shakes. If this doesn't seem to help... it could be a sign that there is something possibly wrong in your body and your fast metabolism is just a symptom, you could have hyperthyroidism or something else and may need to consult a doctor... In short- 1. Eat more food if this doesn't work talk to a doctor  It sounds similar to some sensations I get from Fibromylagia.If the sensation is like a burn and it makes it hard to move your muscles sometimes I would do some research on other fibromylagia symptoms and see if it matches up. Good luck!  This also happens to my girlfriend, the doctor told her she needed more iron in her blood, this worked, but whenever she stopped taking iron pills she got dizzy and had headaches again. so probably a good diet with lots of iron.  No that I know of. I had that issue a number of years ago and based on the recommendations of my personal doc and the speciaist she referred, I had the procedure that removed it and cleared my sinuses unbelievably well.  Sore swollen neck near my wind pipe on my left side  None at all  First, I validate the fear, i.e. 'I know you are terrified.' Being dismissive might intensify their fears. Then, I listen to the fears. Usually, the person is aware the fear is some free-floating irrational, or undefinable feeling. Then, I begin reassuring the person that it will end, just hang in there. I usually hold their hand or stroke their back. Like some have said, breathing into a paper bag works well for most people. A tranquilizer works quickly. Any facts you can give them also is calming. I list the symptoms and potential solutions, so they know what to and what not to expect. I say things like 'It's okay, it sounds like you're having an anxiety attack. It will pass. It will not kill you. It is not a heart attack. They come on suddenly and they can leave just as suddenly. You will find your way home (that seems to the one of the symbolic underlying fears). I'm here with you. This won't last forever. It will end. You are safe.' One thing that seems to help more than anything is to have the person do a physical activity right there in the moment. Yoga, as one person suggested would be wonderful, if the situation allows it. Breathing in the bag is another good one. But any task that forces concentration back to the moment puts them in touch with 'reality.' It's nearly impossible to give energy to the fear when one is doing a physical task. And lastly, I have discovered that caffeine often triggers an attack. Too much coffee, tea, soda, etc. often is the culprit. So you might want to ask them if they ingested a good deal of caffeine an hour or more before the attack. If so, they may have a caffeine allergy. I hope this helps.  i do not have a herniated disc  I dont know. but would like to find out i am better on zoloft but something is still not right. i think a natural source is better to try but i want to be safe. so can someone please tell me  no  The bad thing about ticks is that they feed off of all kinds of disgusting animals. with that being said you need to go to the doctor because ticks can carry Lyme disease and it is dangerous. go to the doc and have them take a look because Lyme disease can cause death if it gets bad, in your case just sounds like a bacterial infection from that nasty tick. either way go to the doc that's my best advice. hope i helped   My right side shoulder has pain that makes it hard to turn my neck  I think it's kinda permenant .. but try exfoliation and use an emolient .. it's one of those changes that happen after pregnancy  this could be psycogenic with her going through menopause .. but doctors should also have some lung investigation.. some lung disorders cause pain that's radiated to the abdomen  I have had tendonitis and bursitis in my shoulders for several years now, causing pain in my shoulders, neck, and upper back. I get severe headaches, lightheadedness, and dizziness that, according to my doctor and chiropractor, are directly related to the pain I have in my shoulders. From my understanding, it is pinched nerves that actually cause me to get lightheaded and dizzy. It is important to note that I also have neck pain stemming from a side to side whiplash injury from an auto accident 12 years ago. I believe it's one of those questions, which came first, the chicken or the egg. So, I'm curious if you also have neck pain. IF you have neck pain, from an accident or injury, I would definitely recommend getting seen for that, as well. I would also recommend seeing either a neurologist or an orthopedic surgeon (or both) to see if there are any remedies for the cause of your pain. I just had an arthrogram done (a specialized MRI) on my shoulder, and have finally discovered that I have several large bone spurs on my shoulder, rotator cuff, and collar bone that surgery can fix. I am NOT a person who jumps into surgery, but after years of suffering, I (and my doctors) feel that it is the last option available to finally get some relief. I wish you good luck in finding the cause (and hopefully a remedy) for your pain and lightheadedness. I am a FIRM believer that pain is our body telling us that something is wrong; and we should NEVER ignore it.  This sounds like either pinched nerve in your neck or maybe even fibromyalgia. You need to get this checked out.  It can be caused by many things. I had "vertigo" from a medication I was on once. The ER doctor asked me if the room felt like it was spinning or did I feel like I was spinning. He explained that usually if the cause is from the neck up (inner ear, ear infection, etc.), you will feel like the room is spinning and if the cause is from the below the neck (such as cardiac issues), you feel like you're spinning. Some of your symptoms are also those of diabetes. If the room is spinning, you can take Meclizine OTC (check with a pharmacist if you are taking other medications). If the problem is inner ear or an ear infection, this should help your symptoms. If it doesn't help or your symptoms get worse, you should probably see a doctor to rule out more serious conditions.  No, you don't need to I have always been an excitable anxious child & adult & have experienced 5 panic attacks, mostly due to a relationship problem, you need to go to your Dr & tell them, councilling very good also & anti anxiety drugs also & maybe a low dose antidepressant, hope this helps  sounds like swollen lympnoids. sign of infection  hUsBaNd wIfE dIvOrCe +91-9829717996 LoVe pRoBLeM sOlUtIoN bABA ji ...  hUsBaNd wIfE dIvOrCe +91-9829717996 LoVe pRoBLeM sOlUtIoN bABA ji ...  infection  yes  I have also been wondering if it might have something to do with the detox diet pills I have been taking for the past 2 months. They dehydrate the crap out of me if I don't drink at least 8-14 big glasses of water a day, which in turn causes painful headaches. Thought maybe this could be a symptom of the dehydration as well. I can consult with one of the physicians that I work with, I just don't want to waste their time if this is just a symptom of being stressed. anyone have any ideas? thoughts, opinions??  Mac, The cautionary statements here are for real. It's not just the return of depression or anxiety symptoms that you're facing here. Your doctor can help you taper off gradually to avoid the worst of the discontinuation effects.You don't want to do this without the help of your doctor's office. http://www.webmd.com/depression/guide/withdrawal-from-antidepressants >>Symptoms most often occur within three days of stopping the antidepressant. They are usually mild and go away within about two weeks. Symptoms can include:<< Dizziness and balance problems Electric shock sensations Headache Trouble sleeping Vomiting  Carma, Paxil (Paroxetine) is a commonly prescribed SSRI, the category that doctors often start with when prescribing antidepressants. Some of these SSRIs benefit people with anxiety and panic attack symptoms. Please tell your doctor how the Paxil benefitted you years ago and whether your current prescription is working for you. It is not unusual for people to report that one of these drugs works better for them than the others. Your personal experience is the best information your doctor can get in treating you. http://www.webmd.com/depression/how-different-antidepressants-work http://www.webmd.com/drugs/mono-9095-PAROXETINE+-+ORAL.aspx?drugid=6968&drugname=Paxil+Oral&source=0#uses  it depends does your doctor say you have osteoporosis. yeah yeah i know it sounds like an old people's thing but just ask your doctor  do you have any redness in the throat or white patches in mouth, this could be a symptom of strep throat. my friends daughter has strep, she had swollen/tender glands but also had redness/white patches in throat. try Take care health at walgreens, or minute clinic at CVS, their prices seem to be reasonable. Most services at walgreens are only $59-$99. I recently used walgreens for what ended up being a skin infection in the outside of my right earwhich only cost me $20 for visit and $5 for prescription, since I had insurance. without would have only been $89 for visit.  My son went through this same thing when he was younger, the doctor ran all sorts of tests and did the IV antibiotics and no change. If your daughter is sleeping a lot along with the other symptoms, have her doctor check for mono disease. This is what my son was diagnosed with and it took a month and a half after diagnoses for it to go away. Also try the mixture of ibuprofen and Tylenol together for the fever. I hope she feels better soon. Good luck.  Alcohol can cause high blood pressure and high blood pressure does make you look and feel flushed. Do you have any kind of a rash? Like pimples? or blisters? If that's the case, It might be shingles.  You can go for following exercises that are given below: - Press Ups: - press-up exercises are helpful for leg and back pain. Lie on stomach with your arms bent and palms on the floor. Extension Exercises: - Lie on your stomach with the arms and legs stretched out. Raise one arm and the opposite leg, holding them in this position for 3 seconds. Lower them to the ground, repeating the same movement with the other limbs. Curl-Up Exercises: - The curl-up exercises strengthen the abdominal muscles, which will provide support for the back, relieving the pain. Leg Raise: - The leg raise exercises are beneficial to strengthen the lower abdominal muscles, which can support the back and diminish the pain. Leg Lifts in the Water: - Water exercises are also recommended if you suffer from sciatica pain. The exercises (i.e. leg lifts) can focus on working the stomach muscles and provide a good stretch for the legs. Hope you will get positive results.  how do I start?  yes he can, if it's in the lungs it won't bother the heart, unless he is allergic to penicillin then i would suggest a different antibiotic. i could be wrong but ask your family doctor before doing so. just for a back up answer.  No, you don't. I've had anxiety for a year now and have only experienced two panic attacks. Anxiety is mainly just a type of feeling people get. Some have it more serious, others don't.  Sometimes when they do a lumbar puncture, it can cause some of the spinal fluid to leak a bit...I know it happened to me and it caused me to have a headache for about a week afterwards. I just treated it as best I could and eventually the symptoms went away. However if you're still suffering after a week, I would go to your regular doctor..not the ER. Tell him what you had done and let him know what symptoms you're still experiencing. That way he can see what the results are from your previous tests and maybe order more accordingly. Good luck!   	 	 	 	 	 		<!-- 		BODY,DIV,TABLE,THEAD,TBODY,TFOOT,TR,TH,TD,P { font-family:"Arial"; font-size:x-small } 		 -->Looking for Chiropractic Specialist 	 	 	 	 	 		<!-- 		BODY,DIV,TABLE,THEAD,TBODY,TFOOT,TR,TH,TD,P { font-family:"Arial"; font-size:x-small } 		 --> . Please contact Dr. Kevin Ho they help you and for all your pain. Click the above link and book your appointment online now.  go back to the Dr. Bronchitis can become pneumonia.  What is the source of your neck pain? If it is your muscle around your neck, you can massage/stretches to it and apply heat. If it is your bone, you should see a chiropractor  can you describe the neck pain? otherwise you must have strained your neck somehow. if you didn't injured them as you didn't get hit on the neck, then how is your posture?  go see a doctor. you are probably going to have to have a x ray done.  should talk to your family physicians and pharmacist. some pills are supposed to be taken before or after mills, others doesn't matter as it's the easiest reminder for the person to consume the pill after having a meal. usually taking pills in combination is bad idea and there may be ingredient that overlaps and creates complication.  it very well could be. i have them in my head and it's like my brain is plugged into a socket. if it is at night and everything is dark, i see sparks of light behind my eyes. usually it doesn't last long but it really is freaky.  i have the same difficulty and have found that mine is from degenerative disc disease. However ive yet to find a way to stop them and i have had mutiple cervical neck injections, massage, pt and on and on. Mine probably stems from a whiplash in the 70s. massage and pt do help a little  You have to make sure that you are properly washing your ears everyday with mild soap and water. You may also apply some topical medications that you can purchase over the counter.  I strongly advise you to see a dermatologist as soon as possible. Taking care of our skin is undeniably our great responsibility so you have to do all the necessary actions to keep your skin blemish free. You may speak to Eric Schweiger, M. D or check out http://www.clearclinic.com/ for the best in skin care.  You may advise your boyfriend to see a board certified dermatologist about that particular concern or he may check out www.clearclinic.com.  Hi, It sounds like your accident was quite traumatic, and your symptoms may be due to stored emotional and or physiological sensations from the accident. Look at Traumasoma.com. Dr. Scaer is an expert on Trauma and his information may give you some insight and direction for treatment. Peter Levine is also a top expert in this area. Plenty of videos on YouTube also. Good luck!  this is a case cevical spondylitis which mean iflamation of the cervical spine  Could be several things from the wrong birth control pills to an STD.Best to see a Dr. if possible. 2nd best Planned Parenthood ......fee based on ability to pay .....confidential....... Don't know your situation, but....I have 4 daughters none of them perfect and they all lived to get grown. Your parents might be upset but they probably wouldn't kill you either. Good luck kiddo. You could be sweating bullets over something small,best to find out. About the Dr. problem 817-927-2737 if these people can't help directly they will know who you can call to get the Dr. you need. Phone answered 24/7  atherosclerosis is the vessels in the body become harder and lost flexibility  I am not a cocaine user even once ,so I do not concern about its effect.  no  Talk to your doctor about the symptoms you are experiencing, If they can't find a common medication, they could make a combination medication to target all of your problems. It could get expensive though, just be mindful Insurance companies do not like to pay for compound medications. And not a lot of pharmacies do these kind of medications, but none the less it is possible. Not everyone is the same, nor does everyone respond to the same things. So discuss your options vigorously with your doctor.  My experience was an allergic reation to an antbiotic. I was eventually diagnosed with exfoliative erythroderma. It took a about two months and a ten day hosptal stay to get that diagnosis. The longer no action was taken, the worse the condition got. My reconmendation is to persue this untill you have a finite action plan. My diagnosis came from a dermotologist that was recomended and arranged by my allergy and asthma doctor. Treatment was long (over a year), and I experienced many complications.  i have chronic mononucleosis and have all these symptoms but i usually have a fever for about a week before i have another attack.  It's what feels right to you. Personally, running helped me a lot. Swimming on the other hand did not. Yoga was challenging, but I just didn't get the same results I did after a hard run. When I run, I feel empower after and even if I'm on the edge of having a panic attack when I leave the house, I can chase that feeling away. I've avoided quite a few panic attacks by running. I've been having less of them too. I started to work out everyday and now I'm having less panic attacks. Just try different things out. Try yoga, try running, try walking, try workout apps. Whatever makes you feel better is the best exercise. I'm not a doctor, but running has been helping me, so I thought I'd chime in.  I think you will be okay. It's not like you actually had their blood on your hands and I've never heard of blood dried on paper harming anyone. Take a deep breath, you are going to be okay.  I suffered from vitiligo for three years. It first grows out on my neck and then spreads to my face, which makes me look awful. I dont like the way that strangers look at me. I tried many treatments such as laser surgery to remove it, but it really just can cure the symptoms on the surface, months later, I found it still grows out on my neck. This really bothers me, and makes me lack of confidence. However, things turn better when one of my mothers relatives in China told me to try some Chinese herbs. He invited us to go to China to receive the treatment. First, i just want to have a trip, which i thought will makes me feel happier. On the other side, I dont believe those Chinese Traditional stuff, sounds like witchcrafts to me,. However, magics really happened on me! After the treatment, I do get better now. They use some secret prescriptions from the ancient time, and pure Chinese herbs that dont have side effects. Anyways, I m so glad to share this story with people that have same problems like me. Hope you can have a try too. Here is some information about this hospital:website:http://www.vitiligotcm.com/ email:curevitiligo@aliyun.com  Could be Migraine, however check with your doctor, just to be sure and safe. Thanks  I had the same symtoms. Mine started behind my right ear, then in my neck and shortly later in my shoulder and down my arm. But after a year, pain started on my left shoulder and arm. My hands and fingers started going numb and tingling. My first MRI showed a little disc bulge. Couple of years later the MRI showed stenosis. I had surgery. Helped, but a year and half later I got internal scar tissue and I have stenosis from that, which is displacing the spinal cord. So now I'm worst than I was, So good luck! Also, an MRI always doesn't show the problem until it becomes bad. I think there are other tests that can help. Or maybe you need another pathogist to read Your MRI. AND see a Orthopaedic specialist and get on a payment plan.  It could be a number of things. Since it includes difficulty to swallowing I wouldn't keep putting it off. Get it checked out. I don't think E.N.T's will bill you. they will more than likely want to pay up front and that can get expensive. At least the ER will bill you. If it bothers you to swallow that tube is right by the tube you use to breathe.  It might be a food allergy or sensitivity. My cheeks and ears get red and hot after I eat wheat, but also sometimes randomly. I think its probably a dye and additive that makes me flush on the non-wheat times. Have you tried keeping a food journal?  thats really for a phd but i can tell you my mothers si joint was a off and on kind of problem that she only gets relief from those injections. steroid injections.    Tension headaches/migraines and if they are bad enough they could cause nausea and vomiting, and sensitivity to light. Migraines can be one sided. Massage therapist, or chiropractic visits are helpful. Putting ice packs to the back of the neck is also helpful. I find sitting up in my recliner in a dark room is more helpful than lying down.  you may want to look into Vertigo. my mother was just diagnosed with this and had a lot of the same symptoms. She'll go for days without an episode then all of a sudden she's dizzy, off balance and she ended up hurting herself fairly badly when she fell and hit her head. I'd suggest going to the doctor asap if you're able.  Possibly Irlen Syndrome, also known as Scotopic Sensitivity Syndrome. Self test at irlen.com; you can also look up screeners in your area to find out.  If you were not feeling panicked or overwhelmed at the time of the episode it may not be a panic attack and you may want to talk with your doctor. a panic attack doesn't always have to be paralyzing there are different levels of panic attacks. whatever is causing your spells I hope that you get better  The main answer that I can think of, is it's your nerves. It can be just stress related. Have you been under more stress the past two or more months? You could be suffering from anxiety and/or depression, and not even realize it. No, that does not mean that you are psychotic, or look and behave just like the people in those antidepressant commercials either. If you look those conditions up, you may find many symptoms that match not just your pain but, possibly other symptoms you may be experiencing, too. There is also the possibility, that it could be nerve pain. I suggest that you take some time to think about not just the pain you are feeling, but also, what other problems are you experiencing? You should talk to your doctor about the pain, and anything else that is bothering you, and/or maybe causing you to behave unusual to others around you. You may also be having problems with circulation. You should just go see your doctor, an if you're the type to forget what you thought about wanting to ask then, think about what you want to ask and discuss, the day you set the appointment, write it down, or even write down everything you want to say and bring it with you. Well, I hope you do find out what is causing you that discomfort, and get some relief. If you want to, you can let me know what you found out.  Your shocks can absolutely, positively be caused by your MS. I get the sensation of being "tasered" from my elbows through my hands. These "shocks" have literally lifted me inches off the couch or bed they are so powerful. I spent 10 days in the hospital with an EEG and 6 months later on an ambulatory EEG at home. Seizures were ruled out. So great; once again I find out what it's not. The best answer I get is that they are a "complication of MS". The still hurt like hell though.  it could be costochondritis which is difficult to diagnose- it isn't life threatening, just annoying.  ear nose and throat. Vertigo is usually caused by to much fluid in the inner ear.  The main symptom of pleurisy is pain in the chest. This pain often occurs when you take a deep breath in or out, or cough. Some people feel the pain in the shoulder.Deep breathing, coughing, and chest movement makes the pain worse.Pleurisy can cause fluid to collect inside the chest cavity. This can make breathing difficult and may cause the following symptoms: Bluish skin color (cyanosis) Coughing Shortness of breath Rapid breathing (tachypnea) Pleurisy may develop when you have lung inflammation due to infections such as pneumonia or tuberculosis. This inflammation also causes the sharp chest pain of pleurisy.It may also occur with: Asbestos-related disease Certain cancers Chest trauma Pulmonary embolus Rheumatoid arthritis Lupus COPIED FROM:http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/PMH0002347  sounds like it could also be kindey stones .... either way if the pain gets worse or of u begin to have pain when u pee, call the doctor :) if u have fear to go maybe justa consult can let u know weither its something to go in for , hope u feel better  dont know but if its giving him pain i would go see the doctor about it , may first make a call to the doctor he may tell you a few things that can help make it go away , has he had it long? is he 100% sure that he wasent hit on the head , you know boys will be boys :) i think only if he has pain is it really something to worry about , hope this helps  your mouth is full of nerves and just because you have pain in one place doesnt mean thats where its coming from. i would make a check up with your dentest if it doesnt let up , and infection can live in your gums , which is very bad since it can cause an abcest which can go into the spin and brain. if left untreated can lead to death ! on the lighter side a little meds can clear that right up , hope you feel better and hope this helped :)  sound like it possible your having pinched nerves which when the area is stressed is iving you the numbness , the puffiness its possible because the area has some problem when you use it which its kinda hard not to causes the area to become swollen i think it something to get checked out by your doctor , neck pain really blows , i have a reversed cervial spine so i know how it can stop your whole life i would ask for a mri cause it doesnt sound like a bone problem , hope this helps  depending on how bad it can go from headaches , toothaches, blurred vision (in very bad cases ) inablity to focus , finfing it hard to think, pain in your jaw, due to something like your cervical spine not being in the right place ex: reversed cervical spine which causes the bones to be ..as it says in the name reversed which i myself have and its very painfull after you spine curves more than a 20 degree angle in the wrong direction , also things like bad posture can cause neck pain , if you sit on front of a computer for a long tome each day. i hope this helps you :)  sounds to me like you might have shingles ,check it out pronto  The test would be conclusive at that time. However, the HIV virus can take some time before being able to show up on a test. Getting tested again wouldn't hurt. Once every 6 months to a year, is ideal, especially if you are continuing to have sex with sex workers. I wouldn't freak out too much yet though. Many things can cause swollen lymph nodes, including a sinus infection.  I used to get headaches in my sleep too. First, it's helpful if you are not dehydrated or still digesting food at 11 pm and beyond because your serotonin is produced then, if you don't have food allergies and sensitivities (biofeedback is a great way to get a full panel) then I might recommend finding a upper cervical chiropractor N.U.C.C.C.A. is their title so you can look them up that way. I feel great when I wake up now. Hope that helps.  Take him to a doctor as soon as possible. Ticks carry lyme disease. Better safe than sorry.  yes, any strenuous exercise for a long period will deplete your bodies electrolytes and should be replaced.  YES!!! The fact that you are asking that question and you lost consciousness it warrants a trip to the ER.  I had a fall a month ago and hurt my neck and shoulders (it was a fall down a rocky hill.) I have the shooting pain down both arms and into the fingers. I have already waited longer to return to dr. than I should have.  Cholesterol, bad diet. Eat less fatty foods.  0  Based upon my personal experience along with my husband, daughter, and now hundreds of people that I have come to know through a variety of venues (I am a professional counselor with 30 years of experience)- your symptoms can absolutely be attributed to persistent borrelia (Lyme) infection- and perhaps coinfections. I strongly recommend you review the International Lyme and Associated Diseases (ILADS) website for up-to-date and accurate information. Because of what comes down to what is now willful ignorance, many doctors are poiltical hacks rather than physicians- like the "expert" who gave you horrible advice on this forum.  may need to see Chiropractor, mine does at times and one day I'll deep breath and pops on it's on  I have Peripheral Artery Disease. I got it in my late 40s due to blood coagulation problem. I also had very high cholesterol (over 300+ my entire life). I had difficulty walking by age 50. I put myself on high dose nattokinase and serrapeptase and the symptoms disappeared within 6 weeks. You will know it is working within 1 month. I eat as much cholesterol as I want. I have been on this over 6 years. I am on maintenance dose. Just experiment with dosage over time to get the minimum dose and cost. Please be aware that conventional medicine perpetuates lies about cholesterol. Just take the time to look at the studies. If the arteries are clean enough, you won't have heart disease. Ignore the cholesterol propaganda. They have Nattokinase made from bacteria and fungus, with and without vitamin K. Both work but I prefer the Nattokinase with Vitamin K. Without vitamin K is for people on prescriptions drugs. I take Best Nattokinase and Serrapeptase. I buy from Swanson vitamin because they are cheap. iI'm amazed they don't have Heart disease category for this. Chinese have done thousands of studies on effectiveness of fibrolytic enzymes for heart attack and stroke prevention.  I have Peripheral Artery Disease. I got it in my late 40s due to blood coagulation problem. I also had very high cholesterol (over 300+ my entire life). I had difficulty walking by age 50. I put myself on high dose nattokinase and serrapeptase and the symptoms disappeared within 6 weeks. You will know it is working within 1 month. I eat as much cholesterol as I want. I have been on this over 6 years. I am on maintenance dose. Just experiment with dosage over time to get the minimum dose and cost. Please be aware that conventional medicine perpetuates lies about cholesterol. Just take the time to look at the studies. If the arteries are clean enough, you won't have heart disease. Ignore the cholesterol propaganda. They have Nattokinase made from bacteria and fungus, with and without vitamin K. Both work but I prefer the Nattokinase with Vitamin K. Without vitamin K is for people on prescriptions drugs. I take Best Nattokinase and Serrapeptase. I buy from Swanson vitamin because they are cheap. iI'm amazed they don't have Heart disease category for this. Chinese have done thousands of studies on effectiveness of fibrolytic enzymes for heart attack and stroke prevention.  my advise would be go to the er if it doesnt get better, because these can be signs of a stroke or something else.  I've been a physical therapist for over 25 years. For some reason people still think that massage and ultrasound is primarily what we use for treatment. That may have been true 20 or 30 years ago but the therapists I know and have worked with in recent years do very little ultrasound, especially for neck pain. Most "massage" has been turned over to massage therapists as well. We often use a lot of specific exercise techniques to stretch or strengthen the region, manual techniques like joint mobilizations or manipulation, etc. We do use both mechanical and manual traction, some electrical modalities, dry needling, taping and other techniques. We also use heat or cold but to categorize what our profession does these days as "heat, ultrasound and massage" (what we disparaging call a HUM job) is ill-informed and insulting.  shoulder pain problems  shoulder pain problems  I had a positive lymph node on my neck (one that is enlarged for at least a month) and had it removed and biopsied. The local small town pathologist told me I either had HIV, cancer or lymes....Really narrowed that down, eh? So he sent my node to Cornell University to the top lymph node doc in the country (that's what he said) and the report came back Toxoplasmosis. It's a parasite that's harmless unless you're pregnant. I'm just saying the possibilities are many, most are harmless. Just make sure your specimen goes to a qualified pathologist. Good luck :)  Well I'm not an orthopod but a retired xray tech of 42 years. Small bones like in the hands and feet start to mend (produce new bone growth) in about 7 to 10 days, it's evident on xrays..It's called "callus formation. It's not mended but starting to, evident on xrays. It's considered a common event that small bones, even ribs, are pretty much healed in 2-3 weeks, but they give you a few weeks more, just for good measure. Large bones in 6-8 weeks. But per your question, new bone growth is pretty much evident on xrays in as little as 2 weeks. I'm guessing, if the bone fragments are in close proximity to each other. Just my opinion. Hope this helps.  Just opinion here but maybe it's not bacterial or maybe it's MRSA? Have to consider viral or fungal infection. If so then antibiotics would be ineffective. Think outside the box. Is this a person that has had numerous antibiotics thru their life? Our society believes you should get antibiotics for everything, whether they are indicated or not. Maybe try antifungal or antiviral med if nothing else is working. Immune system is probably compromised already so last ditch might be steroids? Just thinking to myself. Hope this helps. Bless you.  You could have low blood sugar or low blood pressure. You might need to go to the doctor for some blood tests. Also, i have the same problem too. The doctor told me it could be my medication for my thyroid condition.  No  The ball of my foot is hurting really bad  I'm not a medical professional, but you should get to the dentist or doctor immediately. The infection can spread to your eye or worse. I have seen it happen. Please get help now.  Doesn't seem to me personally like anything to worry about, but you never can be to safe.  my hands and legs have been tingling and my right side has a pain can not move or cough it hurts  Let me say again not a node. its doesnt swell or become soar if i get sick, it has nothing to do with being sick, its always there the same size just like the first bump i describes. my final bump i just noticed the other day. Its kind of under my tounge (another word i cant spell) or on the floor of my mouth, but just where my hard gum line meets the soft floor of my mouth.It stick out a little bit and is annoying. I looked online for a long time in search of my most recent bump but, most of what i found there were multiple conjoining bumps. Either way Im freaked out as I see some pretty crazy stuff online, yet none of it completely descibes me  try using more pillows to elevate your head so you do not have to resort to sleeping in recliner.  Maybe you should get your nerves tested. I had a neck injury that was not visible from my MRI and CAT scans and was effecting my right arm. I was feeling nerve pain down my right arm and tingling at my fingertips and also had weakness in my arm. When I injured myself, my spine pinched my nerve that runs down my arm.  Because there are so many tick born ailments I think it's important that you watch her closely for the next week or so. Make sure you take temp 2xs a day and watch for rashes anywhere on the body.  Stiffness in neck, when really bad cannot bend neck in any direction. Feels swollen, affects jaw, and ears. Causes tightness in muscles of cranium, and pain and stiffness from area of neck near the base of cranium and spine ( Very stiff and horrid pressure in mid to upper spine is a main contributor as well.) Hearing loss in right ear is almost complete.Left ear is losing hearing as well. Every nerve on my upper torso (muscular rigidity, or atrophy happens in both shoulders, with pain running under armpits, causing numbness in both arms. Confusion, the inability to speak is very frustrating. When I feel frustrated with this pain, I cannot express any emotion. almos like I am in a walking coma. Nerves on my skin hurt so much it is painful to shower. All the while my neck continues to stay stiff and feel like a knuckle feels when it needs to pop, and sometimes the neck does pop, but it isn't the bones that pop, it's the muscles that pop. Right before they pop the muscles in the neck sound rusty? Yes, they make a sound like an old leather baseball glove would make if you opened or closed the glove. Last but not least, the taste in my mouth is horrendous. It feels like the nerves in my mouth have been muted, or are hurt (stinging) some way. I don't know if the taste is coming from the drainage from my right ear. Which gets filled with so muhch pressure, the ear drum breaks (chronically) and then heals up, until pressure gets bad again. While the ear drum is still unbroken, the drainage runs down my throat, making my throat sore, and giving me that horrible taste and stinging in my mouth. +  That I am not for sure of. I have a friend that also has the same condition. She says she gets pain in and around face and neck area tender and painful. I want to believe she said does swell sometimes. The ER here in MS was also not familiar with it. They thought she said fibro and its not the fibro. Not sure wh ya lot of places havent heard of it. You may want to look it up on mayo clinic online. May give you some better insight. I know a doctor in I think was Florida was doing some kind or laser treatment without surgery. My friend has said that they also call it suicide disease. http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/trigeminal-neuralgia/DS00446/DSECTION=symptoms here is the link to symptoms right on site. check it out is exactly how she described it to me.  Could possibly be sinus infection. Take some of the new Advil allergy and congestion pills available. Box is yellow and green says New at top. Other than that possibly need to go to doctor or clinic or er. Not sure if hay fever but I get the same feelings. Advil allergy and congestion will work for hay fever too. Better to try then not to. You only get I think 10 pills for 6.00 and I buy them at DG store Dollar Store. One every 4-6 hours as needed. Try it other than that I dont know  I fell that people experience anxiety in many different ways. In your case, one might say that the stress your homework can entail might subsequently trigger a specific chemically cranial process, making you experience panic or anxiety due to the situation. I would say that anxiety related to school is quite common. I personally experience immense anxiety when I have to give presentations for school-somewhat a similar situation. Hope I could help you out! This is my first answer haha.  no  as long as they are not red around the area and not itching you should be safe.  I think you should get it checked or take a picture of it to see if it changes you should have saved the tick also watch for a bullseye shape mark that would be bad  well you need to see your family physician first then she/he will refer you to whom ever they think is fit for you  Are you female? Over 40 or no ovaries? Could be menopause!  yes go to the dr to remove prevent further infection   About 2010, I got a concussion when I fell while I was a patient in the hospital, strangely enough. I did not, at that time, have vestibular issues. But, I do now. It's very frustrating when you're doing the PT for vestibular, and still have the symptoms.   I passed out without any warning. Stood up, and 30 seconds later, passed out again. Both times, I landed on my face. But, I was unconscience before I even hit the floor. Doctors were thinking it, likely, was seizures. The last time I had a seizure was approx. 1985. But, I have been taking my medicine to prevent them for many years. Could it be possible that switching to a newer drug (Antivert) may be to blame? I don't know why my neurologist made me switch. After all, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. According to him, Dilantin is a very old medicine. I have gone back to taking Dilantin. But, I am getting therapy for vestibular as a result of the episodes. BTW, is there a difference between dizzy and light-headed?   Hot flashes? I, a 48 year-old man, get them. I don't know if mine are caused by all of the bipolar meds that I take.  I would love to get an answer as well because I have been experiencing the same sensation for a few weeks. I feel it in my upper chest near my neck, face and ears. Those areas get read and blotchy and feel hot to the touch. It last a few minutes and then goes away. It burns, feels prickly and after a while slightly itchy. The burning is the worst part of it because it feels like a terrible sunburn! I sure hope we get some answer!!  You might need a chiropractor to relieve the pins and needles/numbness - If you are tired all the time, get checked for lyme disease - I had it for years and did not know it until I could not move anymore - If you don't take omega 3's and 6's essential fatty acids, you can become very tired so add this to your diet  If you have had lyme disease and did not take antibiotics until you were symptom free, it will return - I know it happened to me because I could not get treatment I needed because of lack of knowledge from infectious disease doctors - long term lyme disease required IV antibiotics to penetrate the underlying tissues - you need to see a lyme literate doctor who has success in treating lyme disease - www.ilads.org  Not usually but the after effects do! If you're experiencing a sort of negative excitement feeling in your chest, like the feeling we get if we hear a big bang and are anticipating a dramatic scene occurring.. THAT feeling in your chest with shortness of breath but not as dramatic as a full blown attack (close enough though) then its just considered anxiety.  Nerve damage in your neck. Pulled muscles in your neck. Either way if you are continually getting headaches you need to see your doctor. I have this exact problem. Good luck  Here is a great slide show from the site that might help you identify it.  It is definitely safe. You want to be careful to see how they interact with each other at a time when you can lay down if necessary. I take four 1 mg Xanax a day and two 7.5/325 mg of Norco (hydrocodone) everyday. Make sure your doctors are aware of your medical history and all medications.  Sounds like you are experiencing sleep apnea. If you are waiting up not being able to breath, it is most likely that.  i would discuss your plans with your doctor that is prescribing you the ativan. He should be able to slowly ween you off of them or offer you an alternative that is safer for you and your child.  You say that you sleep all night and are still tired the next day. I had this problem for years and it turned out that I have sleep apnea. Sleep apnea interferes with REM sleep and though it seems that you sleep all night you are waking up a lot. Sleep deprivation due to sleep apnea or for any other reason can cause an imbalance in leptin and grehlin. These hormones affect appetite. I would eat a big supper and in an hour I was physically hungry again and wanting to eat another full meal. I gained 15 pounds in about 3 months before I got treatment for the apnea. You might ask your doctor to assess you for sleep apnea or other sleep problems.  As I am not a doctor I won't even speculate on what injury or issue you may be having. However, you may try having an MRI done, that was how I found out I had herniated the c5-c7 vertebrae in my neck in a car crash.  since she is diabetic you have to rule out hypoglycemic headace get a GRBS tested if GRBS is less than 60 mg ask her to take some sugar or candy., treatment for gastritis can also be given. A neck xray can rule out cervical spondilitis    Seek medical attention now. This could be related to a more serious condition rather than just a headache. Because your headache presents itself when you lie down, this could be tumor related. I had the same symptom for 3 months. When I finally went in and they did a CT Scan, I had a Primary Brain Tumor.  You might have high blood pressure.  Have you had your thyroid checked? I was having pain and stiffness right posterior neck and subscapular muscle spasms. After taking 25mcgm of synthroid the pain, stiffness and spasms went away.  It could be the mattress itself, the positioning of your body whilst sleeping, or the material the pillows are made from. I would say to invest in another mattress or try sleeping somewhere else to see what happens. Your neck is greatly affected by the positioning of your body.  The same thing happened to me, and when I had an MRI done, they determined that I had a herniated disc.  The simplistic answer is the the panic attack is the furthest extension of the anxiety. When the anxiety is really bad it forces the autonomic systems of the body (automatic...breathing, heart rate, blood pressure, adrenaline release, etc.) to react in the extreme and you can move into a panic attack. It can happen very quickly and be totally disabling even acting exactly like a heart attack, make you think wildly, change normal behavior to bizarre, want to run, hide, hurt yourself and more. Panic attacks are not anything to ignore. If you are prone to them you should always have a fast acting med with you such as Xanax. Take it, move to a quiet, calm place and regain composure. They are frightening and terrifying. Best of luck.  I think cottage cheese tastes so gross! So I feel your pain.  I found a tick on my penis back in the summer. How it got there, I have no clue. Anyway, I removed it and a small bump remained. I suspect it was the tick's head, still imbedded in my skin, and the bump was my body slowly absorbing it. Yes, it's disgusting and frightening to think of a parasite attaching itself to my genitals, but ultimately the bump went away in about a week or so, with no lasting effects. No Lyme disease. You're probably OK, but you could always go to the doctor for advice, just so he or she can inform you about what symptoms of Lyme disease to look for.  