a short answer, a virus where you experience sneezing, coughing, fever, muscle aches, ect. but no medicines can cure one, the immune system must fight it off on its own, medications can ease symptoms so you dont have a fever, you dont cough as much, dont sneeze as much, ect. but all you really have to do is get lots of sleep, eat enough food to keep you going, at least take a fever reducing medication like advil, motrin, ect, ive found that even taking allergy medicine helps me feel a little more human, to the best of luck ????  Absolutely. Your body is trying to fight off a virus or bacterial infection and it takes a lot of energy to wage that war. You'll feel exhausted for a week to two weeks after your cold symptoms subside. Any longer than that and you should see a doctor.  ear ringing, and fatigue. I started amoxicillin the next day and the sinus pressure went away but the rest of my symptoms remained and I was absolutely miserable. I stayed on the antibiotic for four more days with no improvement - in fact, I lost my voice around this time. I went back to the doctor and started levaquin. I was on that for four more days with no improvement and actually started coughing up/blowing my nose and producing this unnatural bright solid yellow mucous. I've seen much mucous in my day, I'm a nurse. I've NEVER seen mucous this color. It wasn't a seethrough yellow, it was a solid bright yellow and when I blew my nose I could FEEL it pulling out of my sinuses by my nose. It was miserable and I could hardly breathe. At this point I went to the HOSPITAL where they gave me hour long breathing treatments, solumedrol IV and put me on omnicef (another antibiotic). After a full week of this antibiotic, I finished it. Now (two/three weeks later) my mucous is clear/red (from all the irritation), I still have laryngitis (no voice), coughing from the tickle deep in my chest, apparently have asthma now, NEW SYMPTOMS last 4 days I've had joint pain and am SERIOUSLY dizzy. I shouldn't be getting worse, should I? I mean for crying out loud, I quit smoking 4 weeks ago, I'm using daily breathing treatments of albuterol, ventolin inhaler as needed ... I'm so exhausted that I just want to go to sleep and not wake up. What is going on?? Why am I not better? I've been to the doc 3 times and the ER twice. They say there's nothing they can do for me but I'm concerned that something more serious is wrong. I'm scheduling an appointment for the ENT doctor but around here physicians are really ... lets just say I want an opinion from this online community before I go. Please please please give me opinions?  I am answering based off of research I just did on drug interactions because of my own after effects.  bah, I even proof read and missed it. *BUPROPION* inhibits the enzyme that breaks down the cough suppressant. Only correction needed on my above statement.  and when i do a big sneeze i end up with a stuffy nose then but once i blow it it goes away its not like a 24/7 stuffy nose like u have when u get a cold...what can help =[  I have had a bad chest cold since Friday (today is Tues). I am starting to feel better but still coughing, especially at night with what I consider a productive, deep cough. I work around Seniors and am wondering if I should hold off from going back to work a little longer?  Keep gargling with hot water with salt added. You could also keep drinking lemon juice mixed to warm water and add honey insead of sugar. You could have green tea with honey. Keep having warm soup and water. Take care.  As the other user has suggested it could be a sign of nerve being compressed somewhere in your body. I suffer from disc prolapse (lower back). My symptoms started off with numbness on the left thigh. I had all the symptoms that you have mentioned and started having problems straightening myself after bending over, sitting down etc. Please consult a neuro/ ortho. Its 5yrs since i was diagnosed. Dont worry. It can be managed with regular physiotherapy exercises, and small changes in postures. Maybe it is caused by your present condition. Wishing you a speedy recovery.  Have the doctor do a blood check for herpes.  Hi, Yellowing of the eyes is a type of jaundice. I would make a doctor appointment.  The average 4 year old, and many school age children, may have as many as nine colds per year with viruses being the offending agent responsible for their illness. Antibiotics will be ineffective in viral cases. What is needed is rest, fluids, time (could be a week or longer) for antibodies to develop within the body to fight off the disorder, and possibly over the counter fever reducers. Most childhood colds are best treated at home. With that said, I believe that when in doubt, take the child to the hospital for professional assessment. It is better to be safe than sorry. Always consider the hospital ER in cases where the child has difficulty in breathing, has associated abdominal pains, is refusing fluids, and in cases where the child has a fever that will not decrease within 3 days or exceeds 103.9 degrees. The family doctor or child's pediatrician may also be consulted on the best course of action to be taken for cold symptoms, or as in your case, when a cough has existed for two (2) weeks. The link below from a WebMD article on the topic provides more detailed information. http://www.webmd.com/cold-and-flu/flu-guide/children-and-flu-influenza?page=2   I know that it is difficult to feel sick and have no insurance. Perhaps you can borrow the money from family or friends to see a primary care doctor and have some basic blood studies done. It seems that the breathing of welding fumes can be hazardous and related to your medical symptoms. A company called Plymovent talks about breathing in of welding fumes as follows: The content of the welding rods, coatings, filler metals, and base materials also greatly impacts your health. The biggest potential threat is exposure to the manganese contained in fumes that are given off during welding. Inhaling manganese can cause very serious damage to your brain and nervous system . Many individuals who are exposed to welding fumes suffer from Parkinsons disease, a major disorder affecting movement and balance. They often develop manganism, a disease closely related to Parkinsons, that also makes it difficult to walk and move properly. Both manganism and Parkinsons disease cause tremors, shaking, and loss of muscle control. These conditions can become more severe as time passes. When the welding rod or base metal is iron or mild steel, iron oxide may be contained in the welding fumes in addition to manganese. Breathing in iron oxide irritates your nasal passages, throat, and lungs . Working with stainless steel may produce welding fumes containing nickel and chromium. If you have asthma, exposure to nickel can make your illness worse. Chromium can aggravate or cause sinus problems . Both nickel and chromium may cause cancer, according to NIOSH (Safety and Health Fact Sheet No. 4, American Welding Society; Welding Fumes and Gases, Center to Protect Workers Rights). Welding on some plated or painted metals may be especially hazardous (Welding Fumes Sampling, Mine Safety and Health Administration). Cadmium is often used as a coating on steel to prevent rust. However, cadmium in welding fumes causes the lung disease, emphysema, as well as kidney failure (Cadmium Exposure from Welding, American Welding Society; Welding Health Hazards, OSHA). If you cut a metal that has been coated with paint that contains lead, it may give off welding fumes containing lead oxide. Inhaling these welding fumes can cause lead poisoning, a condition in which you become weak and develop anemia (a low red blood cell count). Lead also harms your nervous system, kidneys, and reproductive system (Lead, ATSDR). Some welding rods are coated with asbestos. If you inhale asbestos dust that is released into the air, you are at risk for developing serious asbestosrelated diseases. These include lung cancer, an aggressive cancer called mesothelioma, and asbestosis, which is a scarring of the lungs. I dont want all of these many medical conditions to cause you great worry or to become obsessed with thoughts of doom. I just wanted to honestly tell you what honest research has to say about breathing in welding fumes. Of course your danger from incurring any of the above referenced medical conditions is probably directly related to the amount of time spent welding and the quantity of exposure material.  The mental health laws are pretty clear in most areas of the country. In order to be hospitalized against your will, the patient must be a danger to themselves or others. Your ex-husband is too slick to allow the occurrence of involuntary commitment. It sounds like you'll always care about this man, and; that's OK .After all, you married this man because you loved him and he'll always be the father of your children.. At one time, he probably was psychiatrically well and a high quality person. But, unless he gets some type of professional help, you must let him go and move on with your life. He can't help being sick and apparently is not ready to seek treatment. It sounds like you went through much hurt during your marriage to this man. Please consider securing some type of therapy to recover from the years of physical abuse, emotional turmoil, and fear. Life is very short even if you life to be 100 years old. It's time to experience joy. What not start your new life of happiness today?  Many times symptoms of one disorder (such as hypothyrodism) are also the same symptoms seen in other conditions. Your doctor has probably rechecked your thyroid levels since starting synthriod therapy. Your thyroid levels will continue to be monitored 1 or 2 x's per year and the dosage may be tweaked up or down. So we may eliminate the thyroid and menapause as causes of your discomfort. Some other medical conditions that have symptoms as you describe include: iron deficiency anemia (blood related cause), graves disease (endocrine system related), Vitiamin B12 deficiency (dietary related cause), and others. I suspect that your doctor will run additional blood studies based upon your symptoms, and perhaps refer you to other medical specialists as necessary.   I researched one of the many Don-Drowsy Decongestants, Drixoral (Generic Name- Pseudoephedrine ) on drugs.com. Some brand names for this medicine include: Chlor Trimeton Non-Drowsy, Contac Cold, Nasofed, Seudotabs, Siledrine, Sudefed, and found in many other non-drowsy decongestants. Some of the serious side-effects to be listed on their label include: fast, pounding, or uneven heartbeat, Severe dizziness or anxiety , dangerously high blood pressure, anxiety, confusion ,fast- pounding, or uneven heartbeat, and severe dizziness . Less serious side effects include: Loss of appetite, Feeling restless or excited , and Sleep problems Insomnia) A label Warning states: Avoid taking this medication if you also take diet pills, caffeine pills, or other stimulants (such as ADHD medications). Taking a stimulant together with a decongestant can increase your risk of unpleasant side effects. Summary: This particular non-drowsy decongest seems to have similar properties and side effects seen in other non-drowsy decongestants; Your husbands sleep experience was more than likely due to the non-drowsy decongestant that he consumed; Your characterization of the non-drowsy decongestant as possibly being stimulating seems to be a reasonable conclusion; and I would not take this type of medication during the evening hours prior to bedtime..   Swollen neck lymph nodes may be the result of an infection, inflammation, cancer, or viruses. In your case, it is suspected that your recent cold is the cause of the enlarged neck lymph node. Treatment is dependent on the cause with bacterial infections possibly needing antibiotics, a virus needing to run its course, and cancers being attacked with multiple individualized treatments. The link below will access a WebMd article on the topic of lymph nodes. http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/swollen-lymph-nodes-topic-overview?wwparam=1307921683  I meant to put 'tourettes' not torrents. Sorry.  <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p> </o:p> Within the first few days of an injury ice can help the process of healing. Applying ice to injured tissue can cause blood vessels to shrink and this makes them less capable of releasing chemicals that lead to swelling, inflammation, and pain. After a few days, it probably best to apply heat to sore muscles. This makes muscle spasms less likely and relaxes injured muscles. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> However, because the events behind every injury are different speak with your doctor first.<o:p></o:p> <o:p></o:p>  Go see MD ASAP. My son had what we thought was a spider bite on his leg. It did the same thing got very red and painful. It ended up being MRSA. Had to get my son on antibiotics fast. Warm compresses will bring the puss up to the surface but the puss is very contagious. MRSA is very common now but can be fatal. Don't wait. Better to be safe than sorry!  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  Also, I haven't slept a whole lot lately.  It might have been 85 degrees, partly cloudy, with a slight breeze in Southeast Texas: I loved it, one friend started to sweat another just agreed that it was hot.  If your kids are experiencing common nasal congestion and mild cough, you might consider trying remedies that thin out mucus, such as nasal saline drops/spray, humidifier, steamy bathroom treatments and propping the kids up in bed by putting a pillow under the mattress. Of course, keep them well hydrated too... These days we no longer use over the counter cough and cold remedies until the kids are much older (4-6 yrs old). ...  The primary approach to properly managing acid reflux should be to actively identify and avoid certain foods that trigger your symptoms. Here are some of the common foods that can trigger acid reflux:  Fatty foods  Acidic foods like citrus fruits or tomatoes and tomato-containing products  Coffee, caffeinated beverages, or alcohol  Chocolate or peppermint  Spicy foods  Garlic or onions Also, try to refrain from lying down after meals, eating too much in one sitting, eating less than two hours before going to bed or exercising, or eating too quickly. Quitting smoking and losing weight may also alleviate symptoms as well. I would suggest journaling your dietary intake and activities each day so that you can notice any trends in what might be provoking your symptoms. If you continue to experience acid reflux symptoms, remedies might include over the counter products or prescription medication. Certain alkaline foods may help to neutralize acid reflux too, but its more important to prevent acid reflux from occurring in the first place by avoiding your triggers. Consult with your doctor about long term treatment/management options and visit the WebMD Heartburn/GERD Health Center for more information. http://www.webmd.com/heartburn-gerd/default.htm  Ice is typically among the first thing to do in the recovery process after strenuous exercise. Icing your muscles helps to reduce pain and decrease swelling and inflammation. Ice causes your blood vessels to narrow, which will reduce your blood flow to the muscle or injured area. Never place ice directly on your skin, however. Wrap an ice pack around a thin cloth and place on the affected muscle for ten minutes at a time. You can use ice multiple times per day for a few days after exercise, but make sure to allow for your skin to return to room temperature before icing after each 10 minute interval. Heat is typically applied to uscles or injuries that do not have swelling or inflammation. Heat will cause your blood vessels to expand, which improves circulation and allows more blood to go to the affected area. Heat can be useful for chronic injuries and muscle soreness or it can be used before exercise to stimulate blood flow and help prepare the muscle for exercise. Heat should also not be directly applied to skin and should be used for short 10-15 minute intervals. Always check with your doctor before starting treatment of an injury, especially if the condition worsens or fails to improve.  Deciding to exercise when youre sick is a judgment call that you will have to make. I found an article that may give you some good guidance, however, located HERE . Basically, it depends on the illness, the symptoms, and your personal comfort level. If you do pursue exercise, I would suggest to start by decreasing the intensity, duration, or frequency until you reach a level thats appropriate given your illness and symptoms. Also, be sure to allow for ample time for rest and recovery.  Your nipples most likely become erect during exercise as part of the thermoregulation process of maintaining your bodys internal core temperature or as a result of other stimuli. There doesnt seem to be a clear agreement for the physiological response that is taking place during exercise specifically, but here are a few ideas:  Your body heats up during exercise and it produces sweat as a response. Your sweat evaporates from your skin, removing heat and cooling your body in the process. Your nipples can become erect as they are being cooled since coldness is a stimulus for erect nipples.  Exercise shirts are designed to be breathable by increasing circulation to disperse heat away from your skin. This increased airflow and circulation could compound the cooling effect of evaporation.  Your nipples are very sensitive, so the continual friction caused by your shirt vigorously moving back and forth as you exercise may be irritating them.  Your body may just be at a heightened state of arousal during exercise. This doesnt mean sexual arousal, rather just a physiological state of heighted autonomic arousal that you experience during exercise in the same way that you experience changes to heart rate, respiratory rate, perspiration, etc... Erect nipples may just be another natural component of that. Try to take notice of when you first experience this happening so that maybe you can better identify whats triggering it. If it bothers you, I would suggest wearing a padded exercise bra if youre a woman, or experiment with different clothing materials for your shirt. Try putting your exercise shirt as a base layer and a cotton t-shirt over it to help keep you warm and to cover it up. You can also buy nipple covers or put a Band-Aid over them to help conceal them.  I dont think the idea that cold water causes fat in your stomach to congeal, making weight loss more difficult, holds much merit. All fat, whether solid or liquid, will get broken down, metabolized, and digested in your body. If anything, ice cold water may actually slightly boost your metabolism to help promote weight loss. Although its a very small amount, your body has to expend calories to bring the ice water up to your bodys natural temperature. In your situation, drinking water is helping to keep you from drinking soda, which doesnt have much nutritional value and has excessive amounts of sugar. So, you should continue to substitute water in place of sugar-laden beverages like soda in order to promote weight loss. You dont have to completely get rid of soda if you enjoy it, but continue to be mindful of moderation and portion control when you do have it.  Everything I have read says cold. If there is tissue damage, the cold constricts blood flow, which reduces spread of cellular components which can cause rupture of nearby cells, making the injury worse and longer to heal.  Somtimes what contributes to soreness is  Definitely! In a sinus infection, the tubes which clear fluid from the ears can easily be blocked, giving pain behind the jaw and below the ears. I have had these several times, now, and once the infection actually affected my jaw, itself. Make sure that you get on anti-biotics for the infection, try saline sinus rinses (Neti-pot, or suchlike), an OTC spray called "Alkolol" (an ancient formula, but it works wonders!) Last thing that I learned during my last sinus infection - DO NOT USE DECONGESTANTS!!!  My grandmother swore by this. She told me the ice packs really worked. After a few minutes, she would get up and dance, a little. She was 97 then. If it worked for her, my guess would be, it will work for all?  Simply go through Natural treatment. Natural treatment or organic treatment is one of the best solution to cure Spider Bit. Baking Powder and some components include vitamin C and Salicylic-acid are consider the best home remedies for treatment.  Yes, it is okay to exercise with a cold. Exercise alway beneficial for personal growth, to increase immunity power, built resistance power, fight against diseases. Regular exercise boost confidence and improve self-esteem.  Good for you for making the sensible decision not to rely on cigarettes for stress control! It's much better to learn good coping techniques than to self-medicate. The good news is you probably did not irreversibly harm your lungs by smoking lightly for a month. Even heavier smokers can "undo" the damage to their lungs to a certain extent by quitting. If you're young and you maintain a smoke-free lifestyle, you should do just fine. I hope this sets your mind at ease!  It's an interesting question, isn't it? Though having a cold certainly is never any fun! I've also noticed that the severity of cold symptoms tend to fluctuate throughout the course of the day -- and that's without using any over-the-counter cold remedies. If you're taking something for your cold, you might be noticing that the effectiveness of medications tends to peak at a certain point and then taper off. Otherwise, I don't think we have a good medical answer for this phenomenon. I believe our body's natural circadian rhythms probably have something to do with it. Just as our temperature varies throughout the day, so may our body's effectiveness in fighting the cold virus. Now if only someone would finally find a cure for it, right? Feel better soon!  Well, remember: Sprintec is a hormonal birth control pill. That means it has altered your natural hormone levels throughout the time you've taken it. If you stop cold turkey, you're disrupting the hormone levels you've established over the past three years. Depending on what you're experiencing, they could be due to the hormone fluctuations you're going through. I urge you to contact your health care provider to discuss the side effects you're experiencing and also the risks of abruptly discontinuing this birth control pill. Take care!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It sounds very unpleasant. A viral infection, such as the common cold, can last as long as 14 days, though most people only experience symptoms for up to a week. So, it's possible this is a virus. On the other hand, it could be a sinus infection. I've heard patients describe a "crushing" sensation with sinus infections. No matter what's causing your symptoms, I think after a week of suffering through them, you deserve a diagnosis. I'd suggest visiting your primary care provider to see what's going on. If it's something that can be treated with antibiotics, then you'll get a prescription and should feel better within days after starting on the meds. If you do receive a prescription for antibiotics, be sure to take the entire course of pills. Do not stop taking them just because you begin feeling better. This is very important. You've done the right thing by trying to treat the symptoms with over-the-counter products, but obviously that hasn't helped. I hope you'll now seek medical attention. You've earned it. All the best to you!  I'm sorry to hear financial concerns have affected your ability to obtain the medications you need for your bipolar condition. I'd urge you to speak to your local Medicaid office to see if you can qualify for health care assistance. That said, I admire the fact you're being "aware and cautious." It's great you haven't experienced any major symptoms after three weeks of going off the meds, but as you know with bipolar, a serious mood swing can occur at any time. To prepare for this possibility, I suggest you write down the telephone number of a crisis hotline so you can get help if you need it. Also write down the office number of the doctor who was treating you before you went off the meds. Even though you don't have insurance now, if you find yourself in crisis, it would be a good idea to inform your doctor. Of course, if you experience any thoughts of suicide or hurting yourself, please call 911 immediately. I wish you all the best.  If the situation concerns you, the best bet is to call your primary care provider or, if you feel the situation is life-threatening, call 911. Since you said this same thing happened the last two times she received steroid injections to the neck, it sounds as if this may be her body's normal way of reacting to the injection. However, any time you become worried or frightened about a person's (or your own) reaction to a medical procedure, it's a good idea to seek medical attention. I hope you find this response helpful.  You need to call your pediatrician as soon as possible to let them know about these symptoms in your baby. It could be that he simply has a common cold, but you don't take chances with an infant. If your baby begins turning blue around the lips or under his nails, or if he is running a fever (as measured rectally), you should seek emergency treatment by calling 911. Otherwise, just try to get an appointment with your pediatrician as soon as possible. Please review this list of , which provides excellent guidance. Meanwhile, it's very important you keep your son well hydrated by making sure he nurses regularly. (Do not give an infant water.) Keep an eye on how wet his diapers are, and if you notice his urine output decreasing, you again need to seek emergency medical treatment for him. Use a suction bulb to remove mucus from his nasal passages to help him breathe better, and keep a close eye on him when he's sleeping. Here are some more excellent tips for . I hope your son gets better soon!  This is a good question for your pharmacist. I suggest making a call to any local pharmacy and asking their advice. In general, medications are quite cold-tolerant. Usually, it's high temperatures that can break down certain components in certain types of medications. That's why most labels specify a temperature range at which to store the medication. In general, if a person is having an asthma attack and needs a rescue inhaler, do not sit around and debate whether or not the one on hand is any good. Better to use what you have and hope it works. And meanwhile, dial 911! Also, don't wait until you're having an asthma attack before you replace your questionable inhaler with one you know is good. Be sure to always have a viable rescue inhaler on hand because you never know when you'll need one. Wishing you well!  So sorry to hear you're going through this! Congestion in the ears is not only annoying, it can become painful if it doesn't clear up quickly. One thing you can try is an over-the-counter decongestant medication. Decongestants basically work by drying up excess fluid, whether the fluid is located in the ears, nose, or wherever. Note that a decongestant is not the same as an allergy pill. Be sure to read the label carefully for dosing instructions. A pharmacist can help you choose a product and explain how to take it. If you develop a fever, congestion (fluid build up) in your chest, or a "productive" cough (meaning, you're coughing up mucus), you'd do well to see your health care provider. These can be symptoms of something other than a common cold. Also, the symptoms of a common cold should clear up within a week or so. And don't forget to drink plenty of fluids, especially plain water. Water can help keep those secretions (body fluids) thin, which makes them easier to eliminate by sneezing or coughing. Best wishes to you!  Well, that's a tough one to answer. It could just be that you need to put on a sweater. (wink) If you've been feeling cold for some time now, and no matter what you do (including putting on a sweater) it doesn't help, then it's worth getting checked out by a health care professional. Any number of things can cause you to feel cold constantly. Before you see a health care provider, take note of any other symptoms you may have. Have you gained weight, for example? Also, jot down the background of this problem. When did it start? Is the coldness located all over, or is it mainly in your hands and feet (for example)? What have you done to try to solve the problem on your own? By providing your health care provider with as much background information as possible, you'll be helping move toward a diagnosis -- and relief from that constant coldness! I wish you all the best with this!  Sorry to hear you're going through this! It sounds awful. Many conditions could cause those symptoms. One possibility is food poisoning. If you're not running a fever, it's probably OK to wait things out to see if the symptoms get better. Meanwhile try to sip water or at least take ice chips. The combination of vomiting and diarrhea can cause dehydration pretty quickly. If you're still sick in a day or two, it probably would be wise to call your health care provider or go to an urgent care facility. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're experiencing this. There is a particularly nasty virus going around this year that seems to produce a lingering cough. However, you should see a health care provider for an evaluation. In general, it's not uncommon for a cough to linger as the last symptom to clear up after a cold. That said, any time a cough hangs on, it's good to see a doctor. The fact your cough is "productive" (that is, you're coughing up gunk) could be good or bad. It's usually good to be moving that stuff out of your lungs, but it could also be indicative of bacteria brewing down there. If you have a fever along with the productive cough, you definitely should see a health care provider. I hope you get well soon!  Great question! The U.S. National Institutes of Health supports various types of research (clinical trials, studies of the biology of herpes simplex virus). The ClinicalTrials.gov website currently shows 93 open studies related to various aspects of herpes. The site also shows a total of 399 open or completed studies over the past several years. In terms of progress, the answer is: slow. Why? Because viruses are notoriously hard to crack. We're still trying to "decode" them, if you will. Eventually, I think we'll win the battle against viruses. In terms of your girlfriend transmitting the herpes simplex virus (HSV), which causes cold sores ( ) and , the key is not to have any physical contact with the active lesion. In other words, don't kiss her when she has an active cold sore, and don't allow her to kiss your genitals when she has a cold sore. As long as you do that, you should be OK. Hope this helps!  If you've been on blood pressure medication for two years and the cold feet are a new symptom, then it's unlikely your medication is the cause. However, any new symptom is a good reason to visit your health care provider and get checked out. Low blood pressure can cause cold hands and feet, but it's relatively uncommon. More often, cold feet are caused by poor circulation. This, in turn, can be caused by many other things, such as diabetes, , or even . Your best bet is to see your health care provider to discover what's causing your cold feet. After a physical exam, your provider might order a few more tests to get to the bottom of this -- and help get your feet warm again!  That's a great question! Bravo to you for taking a moment to question the conventional wisdom. There are actually a few reasons why we exhort people to drink plenty of fluids when they come down with a cold. Let's take a look at these. First, drinking plenty of fluids literally can increase your blood volume and thereby scatter the virus molecules in your system so your own immune system can fight it better. Think of it this way: Which is the easier enemy to attack, the one with 500 soldiers concentrated together or the one with bands of 10 soldiers dispersed here and there? Drinking fluid can spread out the virus in your bloodstream so it's easier to attack. Honestly, though, drinking fluids by mouth can only do so much in this regard. Intravenous fluids (IV) work much better for this purpose. Second, drinking plenty of fluids tends to thin secretions -- i.e.: that nasty gunk that pours from your nose and gets coughed up out of your lungs. Thinner secretions are easier for the body to move than thick, sticky ones. Thick, sticky fluids can get stuck in the lower portions of the lungs and lead to pneumonia if your body can't cough them up. In this respect, drinking fluids by mouth truly can make a difference in helping your body clear out mucus. Finally, good hydration helps medication work better. If you take any sort of over-the-counter cough and cold product (or if you are taking a prescription, such as antibiotics), it requires liquid (water is best) to dissolve well in your stomach and get absorbed in the intestines. Drinking plenty of water also helps your body circulate the active ingredients in those medications more easily so they work better. Frankly, drinking plenty of water and being well-hydrated when you have a cold simply can make you feel better. Water should always be your first choice, but chicken soup can't hurt either. Wishing you well!  Sorry you're experiencing this. It's obviously having a negative effect on your life, and that's a good enough reason to see a medical provider for an evaluation. A number of conditions can cause what we generally call " " (even though, in your case, you don't seem to be actually perspiring). These can range in women from hyperthyroidism to hormone issues. A physical exam coupled with some lab work may be able to pinpoint the problem for you and get you on a path to treatment. I'd suggest you put a call in to your primary health care provider for an appointment. The sooner you see a doctor, the sooner you'll be able to get this situation resolved. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry about your accident. I think you need to get this checked out by a medical professional. The coldness of your hand and arm could be a sign of poor blood circulation related to your accident. Poor blood circulation can lead to tissue death and other complications. The only way to find out for sure if your injury is serious is to see a health care provider as soon as possible. Particularly if your hand is grossly swollen, a trip to an urgent care facility would probably be a good idea. Take care!  I'm sorry you're dealing with all of this. It sounds miserable! While nothing's impossible, it's highly doubtful the steroid treatment caused the symptoms that developed in January. Even though you've been thoroughly checked out, if the symptoms persist you should consider continuing to follow up on them. Many disease processes develop slowly, over time. This means an initial workup (all those tests you had done) won't always reveal an answer. If you get tested later, something may show up. I want to add, also, that I wouldn't jump to a conclusion of cancer or pre-cancer. Nothing in your description would lead me to think "cancer." I'd just recommend following up again with your health care provider until the problem gets resolved. Take care!  If you're taking a regular, over-the-counter multivitamin supplement you probably will suffer no harm from doubling up occasionally. However, doing so won't help your cold. The is caused by a virus. There currently is no effective treatment for the common cold virus. Vitamins do not treat this virus. If vitamins could cure the common cold, none of us would ever be sick! The truth is if you eat a well-balanced diet, you should be able to obtain most of the minimum daily requirement of vitamins and minerals through food. Vitamins and minerals are important for cell functioning. If a person becomes deficient in a particular vitamin or mineral, it can cause certain conditions (such as for those deficient in Vitamin C). However, these conditions are rare in the modern world. Many people believe taking massive doses of Vitamin C or zinc at the first sign of a cold will minimize the symptoms or shorten the course of the cold. There is no scientific evidence to prove this, though. The common cold lasts from 5-10 days if you don't treat it, and about 5-10 days if you do treat it. :-) The best defense against the common cold is this: Handwashing. During cold season, wash and dry your hands frequently and avoid touching your eyes, nose or mouth. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you've been going through this. Nobody likes being ill! Many different conditions could cause what you're describing. One likely candidate is . Certain types of food poisoning can cause bloody stool. These types often are accompanied by a high fever (over 101F). You should seek medical attention if your symptoms haven't cleared up within a few days. If this is, indeed, food poisoning, it probably will go away on its own. Meanwhile, you need to be sure to drink plenty of fluids to avoid becoming dehydrated. Assuming you're otherwise healthy, I often recommend half-strength Gatorade or a few glasses of water alternating with one glass of Gatorade to help you stay hydrated and maintain electrolyte balance. One thing you don't want to do is take an over-the-counter anti-diarrhea preparation. If this does turn out to be food poisoning, diarrhea is your body's way of getting rid of the toxin. So, if things don't clear up within a few days, see a health care professional before you think about treating yourself. Feel better soon!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this frightening experience! On the plus side, you and your doctor are doing everything right, it sounds like. All the tests you listed are appropriate for diagnosing what's causing your symptoms. Unfortunately, your health care provider just hasn't been able to pinpoint the problem yet. I wish I had an answer for you, but the symptoms you describe could be caused by many, many things. That's why your health care provider is running so many tests. The only thing I can offer is empathy for your situation. It is so hard to be patient when you are experiencing severe symptoms like this and see yourself losing weight. I hope your doctor is able to come to a diagnosis quickly. Meanwhile, don't forget to lean on friends for support. Venting your anxiety may help you feel better. I wish you all the best.  Here is a couple websites that might help you out. http://www.gastro.com/Gastro/photography/gastroesophageal_junction.aspx http://www.netterimages.com/image/4550.htm  Conversations between Dr and patient are confidential and protected. Telling your doctor that you may have a substance abuse problem and asking for help will most likely result in the suggestion and encouragement to enter rehab; however your doctor cannot force you to go. Although in most cases cocaine abuse does not require detox, most individuals who use cocaine also have other substance abuse including alcohol, prescription painkillers and illicit drugs. In this case, medical detox treatment can help them remove all the toxic chemicals related to their substance abuse from their body. After substance abuse detox treatment most people benefit from going through a rehab program or participating in behavioral therapy. Substance abuse is more than a surface activity and usually stems from some deeper issue. A rehab program or counseling service will be able to help the individual get to the bottom of their cocaine use and help them resolve the issues. Groups such as 12- step groups and other non-traditional, non-12 step programs offer support within the community. These programs offer suggestions and explanations on how to avoid relapse. Gallus Detox Center is a private, inpatient medical detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Xanax is part of a class of drugs known as Benzodiazepines and is prescribed for anxiety and panic disorders. You may have heard the terms SSRI (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor) or GABA (gamma amino butyric acid) - Xanax changes brain function by altering GABA production in the brain at the receptor sites which alters the persons mood. When used appropriately, Xanax is very effective. Studies have shown that long-term Xanax use can lead to dependence and addiction. Quitting Xanax use cold turkey can be dangerous because the nature of the drugs slows GABA (Gamma Amino Butyric Acid) production and changes brain chemistry. Suddenly stopping Xanax use can be too much for the brain to adjust to can result in serious side effects including horrifying nightmares, delusions, seizures and death. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  no  What about hydrohydrosis?  One cup of coffee per day is generally allowed in pregnancy. Up to 200mg of caffeine are allowed, and most coffee or tea contains 137-150 mg. Although some herbs are okay to drink or eat, be careful of others that can have an effect on the uterus or blood flow to the uterus. Star anise is helpful to increase breastmilk production but not enough is known about it during pregnancy. Because of this, I would not recommend that you take it during pregnancy. Some relatively safe herbs to have during pregnancy include ginger root (for nausea & stomach upset), peppermint leaf and citrus based products. Hope this helps. Talk to your doctor if you are concerned.  A cough in a healthy 4 year old can be many things. Most commonly, colds from viral infections can cause coughs. Other causes can be allergies, post nasal drip and asthma. If your child has had the cough for several weeks, it is important to speak to your doctor. If he has allergies or asthma that is causing this, there are medications available to make him feel better. Call your doctor.  If your baby has vomiting or diarrhea and is acting unusual, she could be dehydrated. Dehydration can happen much easier in young children and infants and can make babies irritable, cranky and void less (have less wet diapers). Dehydration can be very serious in a baby---you should take your baby in to your doctor right away. Also, in a baby who is acting unusual and has a rash, it is important to also have her checked out. Although most rashes are caused by viruses and tend to get better, some may be serious. Take your baby to be seen by a docotr right away.  It can, yes.  Keep your throat moist and drink plenty of fluids, specifically those that will not dehydrate you (less or no caffeine). If you have regular issues with allergies, partner with your pharmacist and physician to make sure it is right for you, concerning the timing or current trimester of your pregnancy.  Flumist is used for prevention of influenza. This doesnt mean that a person who has had the Flumist cannot catch the flu. The Flumist delivers live, but weakened, flu virus to help your body build up immunity to the virus. This way, when or if you contact the real virus, your body will have a better team of fighters to eliminate or prevent complications associated with the flu, such as death. If the child has a cold without fever and does not have any of the other contraindications (egg allergy, asthma, altered immune-compromised persons, or less than 24 months of age), then they should be fine to take the Flumist.  You should get that checked out asap. Don't sound good.  That was more then likely the pain.  I went to doctor today for the same thing and was told it is a cist at the top of the thyroid and if it gets large it will need to be removed.  Absolutely! Even if you take the blood clot from last year out of the equation, you should seek medical advice from your Doctor. It could be something very simple, or it could be a serious issue you have going on but the only way to know is if you GO TO THE DOCTOR ;). Good luck  Along with proper diet, exercise, and weight training, drink 1.5 -2 gallons of water throughout the day. You dont need Tea...besides, in spite of what most people will tell you, there is a lot of proven research out there that says the over all effects of drinking Tea and Coffee on a regular basis are NOT worth the small positive gains you may get from it. Good luck to ya---don't be lazy, get to work!!!  Feed a fever, starve a cold gain a few pounds? New research from Rady Childrens Hospital in San Diego, published in the journal Pediatrics, sheds new light on the possible relationship between obesity and the common cold. This small study of 124 kids tested for antibodies to a particular form of adenovirus, which can cause colds and diarrhea. Fifteen percent of the kids had antibodies to the virus, suggested that they had been exposed to it previously. But the interesting thing was that, on average, kids who tested positive for the virus were fifty pounds heavier than kids who had not gotten this strain of the common cold. And even when the obese kids were studied separately, the antibody-positive group was 35 pounds heavier than the obese children who had not been exposed to the virus. So it appears as though there may be a link between infection with a cold virus and obesity. Now what? Do we steer our efforts away from diet and exercise and more toward hand washing and vaccine development? Not so fast, although its an intriguing new direction. Healthy lifestyle choices and education are the best tools we currently have to prevent obesity in our kids  and ourselves, for that matter. But research like this continues to flush out the role that inflammation can have in disease processes and, potentially, disease management. Years ago, we started thinking about cardiovascular disease in a similar way. We knew that cholesterol-rich plaque deposited in blood vessel walls was ultimately responsible for heart attacks, but we still didnt understand how it got there. People latched onto diet as one modifiable contributor  hence recommendations to eat more fish and less saturated fat. But our understanding has evolved to a point where we recognize that inflammation has a critical role in determining who gets atherosclerosis. At one point, we even identified a higher prevalence of anti-chlamydial antibodies in individuals with heart disease. This led to studies of using antibiotics as a possible preventive measure, but unfortunately it didnt really work. But the concept of inflammation continues to guide future research, and has even steered our thinking regarding how diet may be playing a role. Understanding inflammation will likely be one of the keys to understand heart disease, and how it can be prevented. Its fascinating to think that childhood obesity  and possibly other chronic disease processes  will fall under a similar umbrella. Speaking of umbrellas, it may turn out that walking outdoors with wet hair is worse for you than we thought.  It is probably something minor and easily treatable, but it sounds like more than a common cold. I would definitely take her to the doctor and keep giving her the benadryl. Make sure you keep PLENTY of benadryl on hand, even when they aren't sick and I would definitely want to take her to the doctor to have that rash looked at  I've had sinus problems most of my adult life and I feel for you! First of all, if you're blowing out clear junk rather than yellow or green mucus, you probably don't have a sinus infection - at least not yet.  I am 23 years old by the way, non smoker. Otherwise healthy.  ... Young babies in day care or preschool can get colds around 3 to 10 times per year, with each cold lasting up to 2 or 3 weeks, which may feel like all the time. They can certainly start getting sick even at a month or two of age. Virus infections may also happen when a baby is teething... It's unusual, however, for babies to have allergies before 9 months of age, and some experts feel kids don't have seasonal allergies until closer to 2 or 3 years old. ... If your baby doesn't have a fever and seems to be fine except for the noisy breathing, it's probably nothing to worry about. But if the stuffy nose interferes with sleep or feeding, or if he seems to be in pain, be sure to have your doctor check him out...  That sounds like you may have a liver problem with the exception of getting hungry again which may just be in your head (no offense). I very highly recommend talking to your doctor asap.  I have this problem on occasion even though I don't have low blood sugar normally. I suggest you eat a piece of candy that isn't sugar free or maybe just grab a soda or some sweet tea and drink that and see if the sensation doesn't go away fairly quickly.  wound care yes, but you need to see a MD for possible antibiotic treatment  Sounds like a pinched nerve...I have the same problem in my left arm.  I had something similar. Call the doctor, blood tests may be necessary for a recurring fever.  This is a great question. Well, when patients come to me at the pharmacy, I always have to ask them a few other questions, like, what are their symptoms? What they may think is a cold, I may think it's different. So I try to find out what is going on. Do they really have a stuffy nose? Is it just a cough? Based on that, I can pick the appropriate products to help them feel better. The physician may recommend for them to use a product like Sudafed or Sudafed PE, and that's okay. But once again, the physician or healthcare provider makes that recommendation, and as long as they are testing their blood pressure at home, I would say to them, if you are taking this medicine, start using your diary again, make sure it doesn't go up. The minute you see your blood pressure go up, you need to discontinue it. There is a product called Coricidin HBP, which is actually made for people with high blood pressure, but it doesnt have any nasal decongestant in it. So if you have a stuffy nose, usually either I say to them, you could try using like a vaporizer, or you can use a Saline spray. Those don't contain any drugs, so they are okay to use in people with high blood pressure.  It has been in the news lately and the reason why is because children were getting multiple different types of medications, not intentionally and were exactly following the directions. The parents were kind of like, well I need to go to work, and I need to get my child to school. So they're giving them all these different types of medicines not realizing that some of them contain the same ingredients. Children were becoming very tired, they were having different types of reactions and actually some children did end up in the emergency room. The labeling and directions have actually been revised and now, most products are not recommended for use in children under four. So, as a parent when you come into the pharmacy, ask the pharmacist if they can assist you in making sure you're choosing the right product. The pharmacist is going to ask you a lot of questions including, what is your child's weight? We are finding out more and more that these medications need to be dosed on the child's weight rather than their age. Also when you get a dropper or spoon that comes with the medication, you want to keep those together. That spoon was specifically designed for that medication to make sure your child receives the right dose. Read the labels. The labels may have Tylenol Cough and Cold, but it is going to contain some products other than just Tylenol. Then you might go to a Robitussin type of product which may contain the same thing as well. Make sure everyone in the house is aware of what you might be giving your child to help their cough or cold. Sometimes we have nannies or grandparents that come over and say, oh, I'm going to give him some medication. Well, make sure everyone knows when the last time the medication was given, what was given and keep track of it. Sometimes also the best medication is no medication at all. We might want it to run its course, or it may just require something like a simple nasal drop, or running a vaporizer at night. It's as simple as that. But we really want to keep this in mind, we want to be safe, we want to make sure that parents understand that. There are lot of questions around this topic. Ask your pharmacist or the medication experts, we'll be more than happy to help you with this.  Well, unfortunately there are not many options that are available for a pregnant woman when they are having a cold. But by talking to the pharmacist, we might be able to actually recommend some products that might actually assist in the symptom relief. We are going to ask the patient though, how far along they are in their pregnancy, and maybe whether they tried in the past, and have they spoken to their OB/GYN or healthcare professional to see if they had actually recommended any specific products for them to use? For things like nasal congestion. Simple saline spray or drops will help loosen that up and help them breath a little better. They can also use things like a vaporizer or a humidifier at night while they are sleeping including a medicine cup in that vaporizer with a little Vicks VapoSteam will actually help decongestant through the night as well. And elevating their head, not lying flat down on the bed will assist in that too. A little Vicks VapoRub is fine to rub on a pregnant woman, it's safe, and it does work and helps clear the breathing a little bit. But once again that we really need to talk to the patient, find out what their symptoms are and make sure that they are being referred back to their doctor or healthcare provider for further treatment, if they seem that they are getting worse, it could be more signs of infection or something like that.  I would not advise taking Tylenol PM while you are pregnant, due to the fact that it contains an antihistamine that is not recommended during pregnancy. It would be helpful to know your symptoms so we don't "over-treat." Unfortunately, due to the fact that you are pregnant, your options are limited. If you have a stuffy nose, you can use a saline nasal spray like Ocean or Ayr. I would also recommend running a vaporizer in your bedroom.  If you are sick with a fever, you should wait and get your flu shot at a later date. If it is just a cold or other type of mild illness, you can receive the flu shot.  There are no over-the-counter medications approved for a child that young. You can use saline drops in the baby's nose to loosen up the mucus and use a nasal aspirator to help remove it. You can also run a vaporizer in the baby's bedroom, which will help put moisture in the air and aid with congestion. We have to remember that children are not "little adults" and we have to be very careful about medications. If you are not sure, ask your pharmacist; we are happy to help.  As a pharmacist, I am very hesitant to recommend anything for a child this young. Many medications used to treat cough and cold symptoms are too strong for infants, and we have to keep in mind that they are not "little adults." I would need to discuss with you more about the actual symptoms  and in most cases my recommendations are nonmedication ones like running a vaporizer in the baby's bedroom and using saline drops and a nasal aspirator for a stuffy nose. Talk to your pharmacist  they will be happy to help you.  So, let me get this straight, you want to give a 3-year-old child adult cold medicine? The answer is absolutely not, and when I looked at the package, it clearly states to not give to children under 12. It is very important to understand that children are not "little adults" and you have to be very careful when it comes to medication and read the package. Have you tried running a vaporizer? At this point you can also use some Vicks Baby Rub, but that is all that I would recommend until he can be evaluated and seen by a health care provider.  This caught my eye because I want to make people aware of why we do not give "penicillin shots" or antibiotics for colds. First, antibiotics do not do anything for the common cold. Antibiotics are only helpful if you have an infection that is caused by bacteria. There has been a lot of antibiotic "misuse" in the U.S. (people not taking antibiotics correctly, over-prescribed, saving them for a "rainy day") and that has caused a lot of problems, including the fact that good old stand-by medications like penicillin are not working anymore because the bugs have become "resistant." We are getting "superbugs" that our current antibiotics cannot touch -- and this is a dangerous and important health crisis. To avoid your problem in the future, I would suggest proper symptom management and talking to your pharmacist about what products may be beneficial for you. This may include using nasal decongestants or saline irrigation systems to help cleanse your sinus cavity and avoid the possibilities of infection.  There are not many choices when you are pregnant with a cold. As a pharmacist, I would also need to ask you some additional questions about your exact symptoms. You can take Tylenol for a fever/aches/pain. You can also use a saline nasal spray to help loosen sinus congestion, and try running a vaporizer at night in the bedroom while you sleep. If your symptoms do not get better after a few days or you continue to run a fever, contact your health care provider.  This is a question that I got this past weekend. I would need to ask you a few more questions, especially if you have high blood pressure and how long you have had this for. Have you tried a saline rinse or something along the lines of a neti pot? This has helped many people with chronic congestion and may be worthwhile to try. It also should not have the same side effects that you felt with Sudafed. You want to monitor for signs of a sinus infection -- like puffy, painful areas under your eyes, headache, etc. At that point, you need to see a health care provider for further evaluation.  Minocycline is a medication that is typically used to treat skin conditions like acne. Antibiotics should not be used to treat the common cold. It will not have any benefit and due to the fact that we have been "misusing" antibiotics for things like the common cold, we are running out of options for infections and very bad ones called superbugs.  I have severe sinus issues. I have dealt with many things like this. My advice, even though I am not a doctor, is to get a sinus wash to help relieve the pressure and smell.  There are several conditions that could cause symptoms similar to yours. One common condition linked to the use of decongestant nasal spray for several weeks is rhinitis medicamentosa. This article has lots of info about this: http://www.webmd.com/allergies/features/nasal-spray-are-you-overdoing-it It would be best for you to see a doctor who can examine your nasal passages and perform a medical evaluation. Your doc can help determine the exact cause of your persistent symptoms. Take care  Yes, both cold weather and exercise can be triggers that lead to asthma symptoms. Other common triggers include allergies, heartburn, and sinus and upper respiratory infections. Here's a link to an article that describes various asthma triggers. http://www.webmd.com/asthma/guide/asthma-triggers Take care  This is normal. Your body is cold, so it compensates by decreasing blood flow to your extremities (hands and feet). The redness and swelling is your body trying to warm its extremities by increasing blood flow. The rewarding phase does hurt and depending on how cold you were it may hurt A LOT! For me I get cold toes and fingers from the house being 68 degrees. Put on some socks and a jacket (or more layers if needed).  You mention that this is a pension plan, which suggests this is retiree health insurance from a former employer. If thats the case, then you and your family would be eligible for subsidies, as long as your income qualifies you. If thats not the case and coverage for your family costs more than 8% of your household income youll be exempt from the individual mandate and wont have to pay a tax penalty. Thats a good thing, but you probably prefer not to leave your family uninsured. Its worth working with an insurance agent to see how you can break the family up with regard to finding coverage in a way that may prove more affordable. For example, even without a tax credit, individual plans just for the kids can likely be purchased at a fairly low rate either on or off the Marketplace. Or, if your income is low enough, your kids could qualify for the Childrens Health Insurance Program (CHIP) or Medicaid.  Check out this article: http://www.saga.co.uk/health/body/howtoavoidacold.aspx It does mention that body temerpature can be a factor.  No  I was switched once from Paxil to Celexa. Previously I had also just discontinued Paxil because I got pregnant. My side effects of discontiuing Paxil were flu-like weakness, dizziness, just plain felt horrible.  Hi.  Either you have a bladder infection or a urinary tract infection, I would go to the doctor and start there first. If you are sexually active that could be a whole new ballgame, but take the simplesteps firstr cause that seems to be waht it is!  If you take medication for high blood pressure and cholesterol, there are some cold medicines you want to avoid. Depending on how well your blood pressure is controlled, and the rest of your medical history, it may be best to avoid decongestant medications that contain phenylephrine or pseudoephedrine. These can increase blood pressure and heart rate in some people who are sensitive. Before taking any over-the-counter cold medicine, you should talk to your pharmacist, who can collect more specific information about you and your medications and make the best recommendation for you.  It depends. Almost all the night-time cold medicines contain medications that can make you drowsy. Adding a benzodiazepine to that could make someone excessively drowsy. Without more specific information about which medications you are referring to, I would have to refer you to your personal pharmacist. He/she has your personal medical information and can help you best.  You have to be careful when mixing over-the-counter cold medicines. As a pharmacist, I tend to tell my patients to avoid products that treat multiple symptoms and contain several ingredients. When you use these products, you often end up taking something for a symptom you do not have. Also, you may end up taking too much of one type of ingredient if you mix products. I do not know what cold medicine you took, or if that medicine contained a cough suppressant. Therefore, I could not tell you if it was OK to use dextromethorphan with it. I suggest you take the products to a pharmacist who can review them with you to make sure you do not overdo it.  No, it is not suggested to take naproxen and Aleve. Aleve contains naproxen, so if you take more naproxen with it, you could be overdosing on naproxen. This could cause stomach or bleeding problems. Always check with the pharmacist before mixing over-the-counter medications and read the labels to check what active ingredients are in the product so you can best avoid doubling up on ingredients and potentially overdosing.  You should not mix over-the-counter cold medicines without talking to your pharmacist to ensure you do not take medications that interact.  Yes. It would be OK to take Tussin DM for your cough while taking bupropion and a high blood pressure medication. There are no significant drug interactions to worry about. Always check with your pharmacist before taking over-the-counter medications when you are taking prescription medications so they can recommend the best product for you that will not interact with your medications.  You can take Nyquil occasionally for a cold while taking bupropion. There are no dangerous drug interactions between the two medications.  It would depend on which cold medicine you were taking and if it also contained an antihistamine. You would not want to take two antihistamines. I would need to know the name of the medications you are referring to in order to give you proper advice. I suggest you check with your pharmacist.  Yes, as long as the vapors do not cause irritation and cause them to have difficulty breathing.  Yes. Most over-the-counter cold medications are safe to take with Zoloft. You should check with your pharmacist, who can recommend the best product for you that will help your specific symptoms and not interact with your prescription medications.  No. Over-the-counter cold medicines will not affect the effectiveness of birth control pills.  Most cold medications are safe to use with thyroid hormone. The only ones that I would caution you about are the decongestants, like pseudoephedrine and phenylephrine. These could increase your heart rate and cause you to feel like you have too much thyroid hormone in your body. I suggest you talk to you pharmacist before taking any over-the-counter cold medicine so he/she can make certain it does not interact with your medication or your condition.  To answer your question, I really would need to know more specific information about which medications you are referring to. In general, people with hypothyroidism and high blood pressure are advised to avoid decongestant medications that contain phenylephrine or pseudoephedrine because these medications can raise blood pressure and cause a rapid heartbeat in some patients. Ask your pharmacist which cold medicine would be right for your specific symptoms and with your current medications.  It would depend on why you take aspirin and which over-the-counter cold/ flu medication you are referring to. If you take aspirin, you would want to avoid cold and flu medications that contained an anti-inflammatory, like ibuprofen, and stick with cold and flu medications that contain acetaminophen. Always check with the pharmacist to ensure that the cold and flu medication you are choosing is right for you.  Yes. Robitussin is safe to take with Lexapro. I suggest you talk to a pharmacist who can recommend a product that is safe to take with Lexapro; one that can treat your specific symptoms if the Robitussin doesnt work.  Yes. You can use cold medicines while taking birth control pills. There are no interactions to be concerned about. Check with your pharmacist to make sure that the medicines you choose are right for you.  If you have high blood pressure it is usually advised that you avoid cold medicines that contain a decongestant like pseudoephedrine or phenylephrine, because they can raise the blood pressure and heart rate in some people. Your pharmacist can help you choose a cold medicine that will help your symptoms and mix well with your prescription medications.  Most over-the-counter cold and flu medications are considered safe to use for the short term while breastfeeding. Pain relievers like acetaminophen and ibuprofen, antihistamines, and decongestants are all considered safe. However, they should only be taken if absolutely necessary. If you have to choose a cold and flu medication to use while breastfeeding, it is wise to choose short-acting products over long-acting versions, and to try and take the medication right after youve breastfed. Also, topical versions (like nasal sprays) may be safer choices than oral versions of decongestants. Always check with your pharmacist or physician before taking an over-the-counter medication while breastfeeding.  There are no drug interactions to be concerned about between the C-Phen DM and the acetaminophen found in Tylenol. The two medications can be given together. Anytime you have questions about mixing medications, you should always consult your pharmacist.  Flax seed will not affect how birth control pills work. But there are some supplements that should be avoided by women who take birth control pills. St. John's wort, commonly taken for mood and energy, can actually lower the amount of hormones you get from your pills, making them less effective which could lead to an unexpected pregnancy. It should be avoided. Before taking any supplements, you should always check with your pharmacist to make sure they do not interact with your prescription medications.  It depends on which antihistamine and which cold mediation you are referring to. Many cold medications come in combinations. And many formulations already contain an antihistamine. So it's really important to know which medications you want to use. Always consult your pharmacist before using an over-the-counter medication. They can help you find just the right one for you.  It is safe to take DayQuil with loratadine. NyQuil contains an antihistamine and loratadine is an antihistamine. So taking those two together would expose you to two antihistamines in one day, which is not generally recommended.  It is normal for young children to lose their appetites and eat less when they are sick. You want to keep him hydrated with adequate fluids including water, milk, broth and popsicles while continuing to offer him food. If this decrease in food intake lasts even when he seems to be getting better or his fluid intake is also low, then its best to visit his pediatrician. For more on dealing with sickness see this WebMD article.  Most cold medicines are pregnancy category B, meaning there is no good proof that they are safe, and no good proof that theyre not. Certain cold medicines such as pseudoephedrine and phenlyephrine are category C, meaning that animal studies have shown a risk to the fetus, but human studies are lacking. There is a chance of fetal harm if the drug is administered during pregnancy, but the potential benefits may outweigh the potential risk. Acetaminophen (Tylenol) is good at reducing fever and aches, and is widely considered safe during pregnancy (although it has not been assigned to a preganancy category by the FDA). Ibuprofen, naproxen and other NSAIDS are pregnancy category C. Heated humidified air is safe, and helpful for reducing nasal congestion. Colds get better on their own. Cold medicines dont shorten the duration of a cold. And in clinical studies, most cold medicines only reduce symptoms slightly. The cold does not pose any additional risk to the baby. All pregnant women should get the influenza vaccine during flu season, which is safe for both mother and baby. Catching the flu during pregnancy can be serious. Many obstetricians are comfortable recommending common cold medicines that are probably safe during pregnancy. If youre too miserable to make it through your cold symptoms, call your doctor and ask what he or she recommends.  As a former Paramedic, I can tell you that is never a good idea to hit someone in the chest. A person who has fainted should be gently rolled over on their back, shaken gently and asked, "Are you OK?". If they don't respond, tilt their head and use your thumb and forefinger to pull out the chin, to open the airway. If you suspect a neck injury do the chin lift only. Listen for breathing by putting your ear to their mouth an listening for 10 seconds. If they are breathing, have someone call EMS and support their head, holding their airway open by putting your forefingers on each side of their jaw, at the angle near their ears and gently push upward. If they are not breathing then you can check their pulse in the hollow beside their Adam's Apple, then do CPR or rescue breathing. This is why everyone should do a CPR class every couple of years. Because more lives are saved with CORRECT CPR, than by all the EMT's combined.  Diabetic neuropathy is a common complication of diabetes. It happens when there is nerve damage to the large and small nerve fibers in your body, usually starting in the feet. This is caused by high glucose or sugar in your blood over time. One of the most common symptoms is burning, but people often report pain or tingling as well. The symptoms are often worse at night. Because the sense of touch is decreased, there is a risk of damage or ulcers on the feet that are often hard to heal. The symptoms can get worse over time, so it is important to see your doctor. He or she can often make the diagnosis just by listening to your symptoms. The doctor may also test to see how well you can feel light touch, vibration and pinprick. There is also a special test called an EMG or nerve conduction test that can measure how well the nerves are working. Getting your blood sugar under control is the first step to treatment. There are also some other very good treatments available to help decrease the pain and burning. Click on this link to a WebMD article on diabetic neuropathy for some more information.  Yes. It is very possible that there can be an ear infection even if everything looked OK 2 days ago. It is very common for a cold to lead to an ear infection in children. The Eustachian tube drains the fluid out of the middle ear into the back of the throat. A cold can cause this tube to become inflamed and swollen. This traps fluid in the middle ear. This fluid can then get infected with bacteria or viruses causing pressure and pain. WebMD has a good slideshow that shows what happens with an ear infection. http://www.webmd.com/cold-and-flu/ear-infection/ss/slideshow-ear-infection-anatomy So give her doctor a call now. He or she can help your daughter get some relief. I hope she feels better soon!  People who are not eating right and exercising are more susceptible to head colds and those bouts last longer and are more likely to result in complications such as pneumonia or bronchitis or sinusitis, etc. compared to people who eat right and exercise regularly. This general principle is especially true for people with diabetes (type 1 or 2) because their bodies respond particularly well to lifestyle efforts, and they are particularly "penalized" when unable to eat right or exercise. Diabetes is very unforgiving this way. The immune cells (white blood cells) are particularly sensitive to improvements (or worsening) of blood sugar control. They are among the first bodily functions to improve when the glucose control does. This probably translates into rapid reduction in risk for colds and other infections in someone who finds a way to make lifestyle changes. I believe you would not be surprised to hear an answer like this one, and I know you would like to make such changes. We all recognize it is hard to do and takes advanced planning and an organized approach.  Since you are just getting over a cold, it is certainly possible that it is evidence of an infection on your tonsil. One concern would be strep throat. However, if you have strep, your throat is typically quite sore with fever and oftentimes swollen glands in the front of your neck. If you feel fine otherwise, strep throat is less likely. However, if it doesn't go away after a few days, get your doctor to check it out. Another possibility is a tonsil stone. However, since you had a cold recently the above is more likely. But here's more information about tonsil stones  Go to your Physician immediately upon suspicion of pneumonia  Go to the ER immediately!!!!!!!!!!  I suggest you go back to your doctor and explain you can not afford your prescription. Most doctor offices offer coupons that you can get it free. You should not stop the med. cold turkey. Your doctor needs to lower you dose till you can be off it. My experience was horrible. I experienced brain jolts/zaps for a long time(month or more ) and dizzy/Shakes spells. The brain jolts made me feel like I was going absolutely crazy !! It is very dangerous to stop cold turkey. Please talk with your doctor about this and they will help you one way or another.  I recently had mine removed. I had dull to severe pain depending on what I ate between my lower shoulder blades. Sometime's I would have "Attacks" that would feel almost like a heart attack, they start off by being uncomfortable and gradually get worse until you feel like you can't breathe. My attacks ended up making be vomit. They got worse every time, but sometimes it would be three or four months in between each. If I stayed away from greasy high fat foods, I would be fine, but as soon as I had something I shouldn't I suffered. Hope this helps!  sounds like lack of oxygen and poor circulation.May have punctured lung or internal bleeding.  Hi 20 degrees is 70 f or there about, would not call they cold, but standing or working in the cold does not make us sick, sorry but he has a virus, he got that from somebody else, perhaps about two days before. Any help. Good Luck  Hi You just need to think back, it must be something you have opened using thumbs and forefingers, logically these you would open something with, could be a chemical, fertiliser, or something else that's given you this reaction. See your doctor and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi Don't go cold turkey, you will need to this slowly, and at the same time start eating lots of fibrous foods daily, lots of veg, lots of fruit, drink plenty of water and wholemeal breads along with wholemeal pasta, basically anything you can find the high in fibre Once you have stopped taken the pills just keep going and doing the same thing, your system should just return to normal. Hope there is some help for you. Just try reducing one pill a day, hope this is just once a day. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read through this link its from the Uk's NHS, covers all you need to know and treatment http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Cold-sore/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy this link into google to open and read, just copy to the www. Simple treatment is cold tea bags for cold sores, for more info just google cols tea bags for cold sores. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well being on a two day bender, not a really bright idea was it, well this could be the side effect of that. You ask am I pregnant of an STD, there are tests for both, pregnancy either an HPT or go see your doctor, as for the STD try an STD/GUM Clinic and get some tests done. See Help for both. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi, Seems your on a good thing why question it, just be happy your now cold free, its you immune system, its working for you, after so many years of having colds, your body has now got all the antibody's. Well done. Good Luck  Hi, Seems your on a good thing why question it, just be happy your now cold free, its you immune system, its working for you, after so many years of having colds, your body has now got all the antibody's. Well done. Good Luck  Hi yes I do know what you mean, had the same for years as a teenager, and could carry on into adulthood. Have a look at this link, it could help you. The link, http://www.moodjuice.scot.nhs.uk/shynesssocialphobia.asp Just copy it into google. Look it cant be that bad, your on here asking for help, now that's a big step forward. Do hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi By fever do you mean sweaty nights, I think your find its a common thing amongst men, and if you read up about it, your find men do sweat more than women. Perhaps your husband is like me, some night you could float me out of the bed, never anything wrong with me, its just the way I'm built, could be the same with your hubby. End of the day we just sweat at nights. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Why not just go see your doctor, tell him/her what your problem is, it would be far quicker, than spending time looking for an answer, it sounds like you could do with some real help and quick, by keep losing blood your not doing your body any good. Good Luck  Hi, Alcoholics tend to have night sweats because the body is actually starting to go through withdrawal while they are sleeping. The body is trying to rid itself of all of the toxins that excess alcohol can put in the body. If you are quitting drinking, then make sure you are using breathable sheets on the bed such as cotton, and keep a cool drink of water by the bed. It is important to stay hydrated because a lot of water is lost through the sweat. So your best bet would be give up the drink, and become an ex-alcoholic, its your life you have to think of and not the next drink. Good Luck  Hi I think why this problem is occurring you should seek medical help and advice, this could be something to do with your insulin or lin's, but you should at the time this is happening get your blood sugars checked. Good Luck  Hi A really good cold will kill your taste buds, but you know when its going as they come back. Good Luck  Hi If your not sexually active, then how can it be herpes, there is a form of herpes you can get from kissing, but your find it stays in the mouth. Have you thought of seeing your doctor/gyno, this is a visual thing, and that gives a big problem over the computer. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  HI, Its OK wearing lots of cloths, as long as you get them right, you start with thin and work up, but the best way to stop this would be get moving when your outside in the cold, this is from somebody who has sat fishing on to many cold days. No matter how much you wear, if your not moving then you will still get cold, even thermal underwear, if you wear that you still need to move. You may find a neoprene s wet suit might work though, thinking as I used to wear neoprene gloves and socks, they helped, so try a wet suit. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Don't play about, get to an ER ASAP, or you could end up with a bad infection. I had this about 14 years ago, you need to get in a hospital daily for around 2 weeks, yes its that bad. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Seems your the odd one, as most cures are from gargling with sea salt water, perhaps next time your next to the sea you should gargle with some sea salt water, but not from the sea, but from some real good sea salt. Do hope the helps you Good Luck  Hi If it means getting out in the fresh air very good for you, if means being stuck in a control gym, just keep away till the cold goes. But just get out brisk walking or some jogging first thing in the morning, this should do you the world of good, get some nice cheddar cheese and onion sandwich's to eat, heavy on the onion, try some garlic sliced for that extra kick, the one that does the best, is the one just before bed, just don't breath on your partner, these will help. Good Luck  Hi sounds like it could be Raynards Syndrome, this is were your fingers get really cold and go white, and they hurt. because of ED I do take Boric acid, this helps, it has a slight Viagra effect, it opens up our veins to let more blood flow, it seems to work for me, its just an idea, you just take a quarter tea spoonful in a litre of water and drink through the day. Or see your doctor low level ED drugs can do the same, but I get 200 grams for a euro here in Greece, it dirt cheap to buy, ask you chemist for it, if you want to try it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Seeing as you have come of coffee cold turkey, this could be your body reacting to that, I would give it a few more days, see if it gets back to what you would call normal, if not then see your doctor. Good Luck  Hi If your having a weak wrist, you can get a wrist support made from neoprene these work very well at keeping you warm, you should be able to buy one at any good sports shop. A good home therapy for arthritis is chilli's or cayenne, its cut mine back to almost nothing, have a look on www.earthclinic.com your find lots of help the natural way. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It would be best for you if you come off it slowly, if your on 10mg, first week do 7.5, next week 5 next week 2.5 till your off it, this way you can keep a n=mental note on how your doing, and the same after your off it. It would be the best way for you to go. And if you can, keep your doctor informed. Good Luck  Hi I think your find its a hard thing to do unless somebody else who had a cold had been the first, and left some germs. Even being stark naked on a very cold night, you cant get a cold from that, germs need to be passed on. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like it may be Raynards disease, there are a few things that can help, ED drugs help in low dose, these help to relax and open your veins to allow more blood through, or Boric acid will also do the same and a lot cheaper to buy, you just mix a quarter teaspoon in a litre of water and drink through the day, and it works I have it daily for Raynards and ED, it helps with both. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK I think I see what you mean, no he's right, you cant get a cold by being cold or working outside without extra clothing, and the same for flu. There both virus's and can only be passed on from somebody else. Working outside in fresh air is very good for you. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you sinuses are blocked, see your doctor and get some decongestants, when you've cleared them out then see how things go. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I would have thought you would be on antibiotic and a decongestant, but he's your doctor. Drinks for your throat I would have thought honey and lemon would be good, and if you have it try and some fresh ground ginger, if you use fresh lemons put that in a mug with ginger grated to the size of a hens egg, sap in the micro wave 30 seconds, either add tea or water and the honey, you find it very soothing for your throat. But don't over do it with the ginger, it thins our blood. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi A big fat NO, unless its a salad and you sneeze on it, but if you I would just keep very quite about it. Good Luck  Hi Getting a cold hand is a symptom of bad circulation, this is brought on by tennis elbow, I would see your doctor ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Mono can last from 1 week to 4 weeks and a lot longer, I don't think you was really clear of it properly, and this is why you still have it. But it is a bit of a bugger to get rid of and can keep repeating, sometimes even years later, so do watch out in future. But please get your self well. Good Luck  Hi It would be best if you wean of very slowly, this will let your body adjust to things. Good Luck  Hi, The reason behind the shrinkage is because all your blood drains from it, slowly and very slowly, as your penis comes back to body temperature, it will re-enlarge back to normal, but you cant rush it. The only way out of would not to cold bath, or just keep for a special day once a week, its either this or just suffer having your penis shrink twice a day. Good Luck  Hi If that is your problem, then its like Raynards disease, what I do for mine is take borax acid your find its cheap to buy, you take a 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water, and drink through, this relaxes the blood vessels to allow more blood through. For more info go to www.earthclinic.com look under raynards. Good Luck  Hi I would get the co detector checked out, it sounds like fumes to me, when the guy checked out your furnace did he check the flue, sonds from what your saying it may just have a crack or small hole. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes you do need treatment ASAP, seems you may have a psychological problem, ask your doctor for some help to find a psychiatrist who deals with you type of problem, there is a name for it but its slipped my mind. But hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, How lucky you are to have your very own toaster, so she feels cold but is hot, you cant give her meds for that, its her system, its the way it works. If you love this women then your just going to have to live with it, your never need an electric blanket. Its just her metabolism, don't play with it. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you should do is get in contact your doctor/midwife let them decide on what would be safe for you to take. its the best way. Good Luck  Hi Just in case its is the flu, stick to your bed and sweat it out of you, give it a week then you can get back to exercising, before that you wont feel like it. Good Luck  Hi Summer is not a good time to get a cold, they are real buggers to shake off, it will take time, just live with and slowly it will go. Good Luck But try this, a good old cheese and onion sandwich could work wonders for you, keep the cheese thick and the onion as well eat these 3 times a day, the last one just before going to bed. For that extra kick slice some garlic into them.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Just ice pack it 3 times a day, use a cheap packet of frozen peas, these make very good ice packs, just do it for twenty minutes 3 times a day for a couple of days. Wrap it the pack in thin cloth, this stops any skin burning. Good Luck  Hi there to things you can look at, one is Arthritis, or it could be Raynaud's syndrome, I do get this and yes it hurts my fingers and joints, this is were your fingers go white from cold. I have got over it a bit, I take Boric acid daily, you get this from your chemist, its best you ask for it, I get it real cheap here in Greece, you put a 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water and drink through the day, this relax's the veins lets them open up and the blood flows better, seems to work for me, but there are other meds, but you need to see your doctor for them. Or try www.earthclinic.com may give you some other ideas. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi That's the reason men take Turkish steam baths, it opens the pores and by sweating cleans them out, then they have really cold swims to close them, but by washing in just cold water the pores would stay closed. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes its best to live somewhere warm and dry. Good Luck  Hi One of ours did that she's now 47 and a Mum, never seamed to affect her. As they say a little bit of dirt never hurt anybody, helps build up resistance to germs. Good Luck  Hi Me being a great believer in vits and supplements but have a look at this link from WebMD, but your problem is that you already have a cold, so you best thing for now is to let it run its course. The link http://www.webmd.com/cold-and-flu/features/four-natural-cold-remedies-do-they-work But try this, they say starve a fever and feed a cold, yes, so I'm a big lover of cheese and onion sandwich's when I have a cold, I eat these 3 times a day the first for breakfast, the second at lunch, and the real killer 30 minutes before bed, now you back this up by adding sliced garlic, gives it that final kick, the cheese is mature cheddar and keep the onion thick, if its a good onion it should hurt you eyes when you bits into it, then you know its doing you good. OK the down fall is you will not be very friendly with anybody? you will pass wind the is of onion and garlic, your will breath the same way and like me friendly you will not be, but just try it for 3 days, bet it makes you feel good. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Google this, sclerotherapy for breast veins, I think you will find your answer to your problem. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The only thing would you may find the keeps you stuffed up, and not being able to breath that good. I would not worry to much about passing on cold germs to much, how do you think you got yours. Your just be putting your self through a lot of agony. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, When she had this procedure done did she know what the risks of cold knife cone biopsy were and would include: Bleeding Incompetent cervix (which may lead to premature delivery) Infection Scarring of the cervix (which may cause painful periods, premature delivery, and difficulty getting pregnant) Cold knife cone biopsy may also make it difficult for your health care provider to interpret abnormal Pap smear results. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, When she had this procedure done did she know what the risks of cold knife cone biopsy were and would include: Bleeding Incompetent cervix (which may lead to premature delivery) Infection Scarring of the cervix (which may cause painful periods, premature delivery, and difficulty getting pregnant) Cold knife cone biopsy may also make it difficult for your health care provider to interpret abnormal Pap smear results. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think your find it takes 3 days for a cold to break out, but try killing it, try some cheese and onion sandwiches, chuck some extra power slice some garlic into it, even if the cold breaks just carry on, one for breakfast, one at lunch, and the last one 30 minutes before bed, I will tell you now nobody will love you, you will be breathing onion and garlic fumes for both ends, but a great way to get rid of a cold. They say feed a cold and starve a fever. Hope it works. Good Luck  First off, a cold sore is a form of herpes, so once you get it, there's no getting rid of it. The virus stays dormant in your body until something triggers it. Cold temperature is definitely a trigger; winter is a huge time of year for cold sores, but sudden drops in temp. could very well bring cold sores on. You may want to look into cold sore treatments. There are many options both over the counter and prescription. Best wishes.  This could be anemia, which means you dont get enough iron. Try to ramp up your intake of leafy greens like spinach and broccoli and also protein sources like chicken and steak. Or you can talk to your doctor to prescribe you iron tablets.    Did you take your temperature to see if your body temp is lower than the room temp and by how much?  I would not think that is cause for worry. Just mean's your not feeling that well. If it get's up to 101. Well??? If you want to drop it right way go make a warm to cool bath. Not just cold water. Soak for twenty minute's.    With fever that high you may even want to consider the ER. Fever of 104 and above could be very dangerous. If you can find an emergency walk-in clinic tomorrow (assuming the fever subsides, you could save a few dollars by going there instead. You need to get that fever down though first and foremost and do it ASAP. I assume that you did not get a flu shot, and do not actively supplement with those vitamins and minerals known to bolster the immune system? I take zinc, vitamin C, probiotics and vitamin d3 and I never get the flu (or any other disease for that matter. And yes, vitamin D3 does in fact prevent the flu and most everything else. Source: http://vitamind3blog.com  How old is your son?  need help for vestibular disorder  Been where you are... did that too. Talk with your family doctor about a chronic viral bronchitis. He or she may prescribe a course of antibiotics, possibly followed by a short course of Predizone to reduce the background of upper respiratory irritation and inflammation which has built up. Note: though technically trained and a patient advocate for people with chronic face pain, I am not a physician Red Lawhern, Ph.D..  Either mild heart attack or stroke can produce the symptoms you name, I would advise that you be seen promptly for post-event evaluation by a medical professional. Regards, Red Lawhern, Ph.D.  Coughing can affect your muscles in your chest, ribs, and back. Hopefully, you're feeling better by now. If not, and you've had this cold for a week -10days, it's time to see your doctor. Make sure you drink plenty of fluids to help your body fight off the virus; and get you well. Take care.  This is definitely something a pharmacist can properly answer for you. I hope you are feeling better by now. Take care.  Most definitely! I have worked in the field of Respiratory Therapy for 35 years. Anyone who suffers from Asthma must be very careful when traveling from lower altitudes to higher altitudes. The difference in temperatures alone can trigger an asthma attack not to mention the humidity. Humidity in lower elevations is much thicker that in higher elevations. Before traveling next time, ask you doctor to give you a prescription for inhalers which consist of Xopenex and Atrovent. The Xopenex is quick acting for acute attacks while the Atrovent is a longer lasting maintanence medication which wards off attacks. You may also consider traveling with a nebulizer that can be used in a car (ac/dc/battery) or anywhere for that matter. Also when exercising in higher elevations, always remember to monitor you breathing. You may want to also invest in a small Pulse Oximeter which can be purchsed at Pharmacies, Home Care Stores or the Internet. Hope this information helps you.  The easy answer - none. Not only have cold medicines been found to be ineffective, they have the potential to make things worse. Over-dosages of potent decongestants, antihistamines, and cough medications were common, so the new recommendation is to withhold giving any medications to a child under the age of 6 years. Of course, cold symptoms can be treated with non-medicines. A stuffy, congested nose can be miserable. Parents can liquefy this mucous (medical term for snot) by saline nasal sprays or drops, maintaining adequate hydration, and by using a cool mist humidifier. Less-viscous snot is easier for the baby to naturally swallow than Velcro-like, sticky snot. (Gross, huh?)  Either one is fine, as long as you are careful. A cool mist humidifier does not need to be in close proximity to be effective - blown in their little faces to the point that moss is growing on their north sides. Humidifiers can also grow mold, so they need to be inspected and cleaned often. Steam vaporizers can burn curious little hands or feet sticking out of crib slats, so extra, extra caution should be exercised, so kids do not pull boiling water on themselves. And, just use water. Mentholated additives or aromatic oils may smell good to caring grandmothers, but they are not particularly helpful. They can even be harmful for babies with some respiratory complications reported.  The walls of my examining rooms are filled with articles that I have copied from my medical news sources, especially WebMD. Medical science is flooded with ambiguity. I will find one article chastising a certain practice, only to find another one a few months later, supporting it. Just like caffeine, or birth control pills, there are publications posted nearly every week, condemning or extolling their benefits. In January last year, Reuters Health reported on the hazards of topical mentholated cold remedies, known by most of us as Vicks VapoRub. The authors of this study claim that the congestion may actually worsen mucous production and airway inflammation in infants and toddlers. In a study using ferrets (ferrets???), they found that Vicks caused an increase mucus production and decreased ciliary beat frequency by 36%. Apparently, ferrets have a similar respiratory system to humans. That, I did not know. Vicks VapoRub contains some potent aromatics  camphor, menthol, and eucalyptus oil  used for decades by mothers and grandmothers to treat colds and other respiratory ailments. As a child, I can vividly remember getting greased up by the contents of this little blue jar. In order to increase its assumed effectiveness, my mother would heat up towels (clean, cloth diapers actually), smear on the Vicks, and slap it on my chest. A little was smeared under my nose, in case I couldnt smell the vapors arising from my stinging chest. Vicks used to be a good warning. If you came into someones home and it smelled of Vicks, you know someone is ill. Since Vicks was also melted in vaporizers, the whole neighborhood smelled of Vicks during the winter months. Even the kids at school had the telltale odor trail of camphor. Not all that smelled of camphor was Vicks. Years ago, parents also used Oil of Camphor (very strong) in those vaporizers. If a kid accidentally drank some of this stuff, it was highly toxic. Vicks, on the other hand is only about 11% camphor, so you would need to eat a lot of it to be dangerous  not something any sane person or adventuresome toddler is likely to do. My late grandfather would heat a spoonful up on the stove and actually ingest it for sore throats or whatever. To clarify, as a coal miner, he died of black lung and lung cancer, not from eating Vicks. My mother and grandparents used Vicks like that guy in "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" used Windex. I swear that my mother also used it on cuts, sunburn, and poison oak, too. She would rub it on sore feet like some sort of liniment. Of course, these are unapproved uses for this product and no one really knows how Vicks works anyway. Just this week, CNN reported that Vicks VapoRub may help ease nighttime symptoms of colds in children, contradicting the previous study. Of course, this new study was funded by Proctor and Gamble, the makers of Vicks. They compared Vicks with Vaseline, and surprisingly, the Vaseline group did not fare as well. They didnt report this, but I suspect that both groups were slippery. Vicks smells so strong, so medicinal, that it would be difficult to do a good double-blind study. Do I recommend Vicks for my patients who have colds? No, not really, but neither do I pooh-pooh it. If Grandma is recommending it, I try and stay out of an argument about using it or not. For very young infants, I do advise parents not to use it in a vaporizer in a closed room and I dont really suggest putting it under their noses. You only have to accidentally rub Vicks in your eyes once. It stings like crazy. Colds last about a week if you treat em, and seven days if you leave em alone. If Vicks makes you feel better, or makes the parents feel better, than why not? It does give you something to do while Nature orchestrates a cure.  A child of his age can get 6-9 viral infections per year on the average. If each one lasts a week or two, it can seem that he is sick all of the time. The more exposure to other children, the more likely he will share those easily transmitted germs. It is normal to be concerned about his immune system, but as a child his immune system is inherently immature -- children do get sick more than adults and older children. They tend to be better after age 6. As you know, I have no way of specifically determining why he seems to get sick so many times, so you will need to bring this up to his medical provider.  Virtually all viruses are contagious ... if you are susceptible. Adults tend to carry a certain level of immunity to many viruses (and there are hundreds of them), so exposure does not necessarily mean you will catch it ... or even have the same viral response. Respiratory viruses are usually contagious a day before you know you are sick and for two days afterward. Since I do not know the bug that has plagued your other family members, I can't address your issue specifically, but time with family is important ... and sometimes, you just have to take a chance. We all take chances going out the grocery store or restaurants, but we go anyway.  That is not uncommon. Colds are viral infections and most cases of bronchitis are viral as well. Some people who smoke are more likely to get a bronchial reaction or bronchitis. People with asthma may also be more prone to getting bronchitis.  If your modest wine intake is your liver-risk factor, then your liver profile should be fine. Please keep in mind that there are many other things that effect the liver, and since I do not know anything about you or your medical history, this is just a guess.  Dogs are not usually susceptible to human respiratory viruses. This is why they are called Lucky Dogs. Besides, cold viruses tend to be more contagious a day BEFORE you know you have a cold, and for about two days afterwards.  No, you will NOT catch a cold or become ill, but don't tell your mother or grandmother I told you (they really believe it!). Illness are biological...caused by virus or bacteria, not by wet hair or a change in temperature.  Bronchitis is not contagious but it is usually viral, and viruses are contagious. There are no viruses that just cause bronchitis. Basically any of the hundreds of cold viruses can cause it.  This is not something to be concerned about.  There is an excellent prescription for this called DrySol. This condition is called hyperhidrosis. In severe cases, there is even a surgery to fix this problem (expense solution, however).  To drink or swim in it??? If you are talking about drinking cold water, then I have to tell you that ice cold water is my favorite drink...the colder the better. Drinking cold water is not bad for you. I am not a big fan of swimming in cold water, but some people love it. As long as you are not immersed to the point of getting hypothermia, you may find it exhilarating. I find it unbearable. So, swimming in cold water isn't bad, if you can stand it.  The only way you can test positive for marijuana is to be smoking (or ingesting) weed, unless the urine test was somehow flawed or mixed up (not likely). OTC cold meds will NOT cause a positive THC result. Get another test, but no one is going to buy your story that you have not be indulging in cannabis if you test positive again. You can get a blood or hair test, as well as urine.  If your medical provider has prescribed penicillin for a bacterial infection, then yes. If YOU are self-prescribing penicillin for your "cold" then be advised that colds are viruses, and penicillin does not work for viruses. When you have high blood pressure, certain cold medications should not be taken, so please consult your medical provider or pharmacist for advise -- someone who knows the exact medications you are taking or plan on taking. I do not have this information, nor do I know your medical history.  Then go to Alanon for help. I am not sure how much help a "walk-in" clinic will provide to you. They certainly cannot provide the ongoing care and support that you may need to stop your drug use. Doctor do not call the police when someone discloses illegal drug use. They cannot force you into rehab, but this could be something they may suggest based on your usage and state of health.  No problem....I answered BOTH!  The nasopharyngeal passage is rich in blood supply, so many things (colds, included) can cause bleeding. A sinus infection can cause a considerable amount of inflammation, so yes, this can result in minor bleeding.  We do not recommend Vicks for the babies in our clinic, even though our parents used it on us and we survived. The ingredients in Vicks has the potential of making a cough worse due to an allergic or irritant response, so we don't endorse it. And, I have to say that Vicks on the feet will only make the feet a bit softer because of the petroleum jelly, but it will not cure a cold or calm a cough. Please don't tell your mother or grandmother that I told you this! A five month old is experiencing our germ-filled world for the first time on her own -- your maternal immunity will completely wear out by six months, even if you are breast-feeding. Because they are so darn cute at this age, people pick them up, touch them, and expose them, so their cuteness is their own fault. She is also teething and drooling, so this drainage is contributing to the cough when she is lying down. Coughing helps clear her airway and helps prevent the fluid from going in her lungs....so, it is really a good thing. Use a cool mist humidifier, suck out the nose (I know they hate it), and just hang in there. Colds last a week or two, but she will average 6-9 of these per year from now on....until she is about six. Each cold makes her a bit stronger, so think of these frequent viral episodes as free immunizations.  Sometimes, the "flu" really isn't the flu (influenza) at all, but rather a nasty virus. Viruses do tend to contagious a day before you were sick, and about two days later, but to count it down to the hour may be iffy. Viruses don't have watches, so it would may be possible to still pass it on for another day or so. Either way, you may end up getting blamed. I don't know the age of your grandchild, but many over the age of six months have received a flu vaccination already, and those under six months may still have protection from maternal immunity, especially if the baby is breast fed. Family members do not pass one virus back and forth to each other like a ping-pong ball, but they certainly can share any of the 200 or so known to cause respiratory illness, like colds. Basically, your grandchild needs to toughen up a bit, so what better way to do this would be a lot of grandparent kisses. After 48 hours, I would say....take a chance, if the parents are agreeable. There are some things that we cannot avoid, and that would be viral illnesses. If you don't expose them, someone else will.  Absolutely. A cold is a viral infection, and a fever is just one of the ways the body fights this infection. A fever can also be a sign of a secondary bacterial infection, so if you are not improving or getting sicker, it would be best to see your medical provider.  I guess I shouldnt complain too much about colds and flu  these two common illnesses are a large part of any primary care practice. Everyday I see several children who are excluded from school or day care, and I still have not been able to cure any of them. Colds are caused by a variety of respiratory viruses  over 200 different types. Adults typically get two or three colds a year; children get twice as many. Younger children in day care or preschool can average up to nine per year, either separate infections, or back-to-back. I call this the Cold-of-the-Month Club. The reason children get so many colds comes down to two factors: hygiene and immune response. As we all know, children do not have the most effective hygiene. They are poor hand-washers and excellent nose-pickers. It can take several years and a several dozen colds to form a protective immune system against colds. Usually by age six, kids are doing a bit better in the cold department. We are never fully immune to viral infections, however. When children get colds at school or day-care, they bring them home. By the time children show the symptoms of a cold, they have spread it around for at least a day. The contagious period for most colds is only for the first few days, even though the classic symptoms of a runny nose and coughing can hang on for a week or so. When you have one cold, you can still catch another before the first one abates. These back-to-back colds can cause symptoms to last a long time I have video proof of my daughter coughing for about four months after starting preschool, all from these coalescing viruses. The more social a person becomes; the more colds they will acquire. Hygiene practices in day care or preschool are pretty good; better than most homes. However, you cant sanitize a child; only the things they touch. Hygiene procedures in elementary school are deplorable. I dont think anyone disinfects surfaces anymore. The janitors just seem to empty the trash. Handwashing is one of the most effective cold preventative measures, and schools do stress it, but kids tend to skip it most of the time. Kids cough and sneeze freely in the air. To limit the contamination of the hands, teachers often stress coughing and sneezing into the crook of the kids elbows, where they will contaminate their shirts in preparation for your after-school hug. My sixth-grade teacher was a frightening tyrant when it came to covering your cough. She would openly chastise (yell at) any child who did not cover a cough with a tissue. As soon as she would hear a cough or sneeze, she would single you out with her homing sense. One day, a cough caught me off-guard. It was just a little hack, but I watched in horror as a loogie emerged from my throat and went sailing toward her desk where she was sitting. My heart stopped as this rogue loogie landed on her desk pad. I thought that my life was over, but I got an unexpected reprieve. She didnt notice the gift, and mindlessly piled some papers on top of it. My heart started beating again. There is nothing that can shorten the duration of a cold, and it seems silly to me to exclude a child from school when they have cold. If they are sick or feverish, they should be home, but if they just have a snotty nose, they really can go to school. Coughing can be disruptive in class, so there is nothing wrong with using a non-sedating cough suppressant or providing some cough drops. Drippy noses can be controlled with a non-sedating antihistamine, but this will not cure them. Only tincture of time will cure a cold. I can offer medical advice, symptom control suggestions, and exam a person for possible secondary infections, but only your immune system can cure a cold. If you get better while under my care, I will take the credit, though.  As a rule, colds are contagious a day before you know you are sick, and for about two days after. At one week, if you are feeling progressively better, and unless you have a secondary infection, your cold should not be contagious.  Many coughs can sound the same. Now that you have more than just a cough, it is important for you to see your medical provider again so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated...not just for this lingering cough, but for your new symptoms.  You didn't mention the NAME of the antidepressant. Some can cause a decrease in sexual response. Talk to your doctor or pharmacist, or look up the side effects of your particular medication on line.  See an ENT...that would be your next step. Some tonsil remnants can regenerate over time if all tissue was not removed when you were two, especially when you are sick now (tonsils are really lymph tissue).  The most likely culprit is a viral infection. Fever and/or chills are quite common in children for the first three days of a viral illness. At her age and association with other children, a child can have more than one viral infection at the same time. Fever is not dangerous and a temp of 101 does not necessarily need treatment unless she is uncomfortable.  Antibiotics are WORTHLESS for colds. Colds are caused by viruses, and no virus responds to an antibiotic. Period.  Yes, a viral infection (cold) can cause a mild, viral conjunctivitis (pink eye). Since I can't really see or examine your child over the Internet, you will need to make the decision whether you feel she has eye redness due to a virus....or irritation. Since she is really not having any other classic symptoms of pink eye, like copious drainage or pain, it would be prudent to just watch her for now....and make sure she doesn't rub her eyes.  Sore throats can be caused by MANY things....viral infections, bacterial infections (like Strep), mono, post nasal drainage from sinusitis, breathing through your mouth when your nose is clogged, cigarettes, allergy....LOTS of things. Can it last two weeks? You bet. It is possible for me or any medical provider to be able to determine a specific cause or a treatment over the Internet? No.... Insurance or financial constraint or not, the ONLY way you can be properly diagnosed and treated is to SEE a medical provider. I know medical care is pricey, but so is gasoline, car repairs, plumbers, and just about anything else. Sometimes, you just have to allocate some of your limited resources to YOURSELF.  You cannot be blindly diagnosed over the Internet based solely on a list of vague symptoms. If you want to find out "what is wrong" with you, you will need to see a medical provider so that you can be properly examined.  An area of inflammation in the throat or nasopharynx can mimic a foreign body sensation, but pieces of food or even a hard lump of mucous can do this as well. You may not be able to see a source on a self-examination, but your medical provider may be able to answer this question by examining you.  It would not be wise to self-diagnose yourself as having a secondary bacterial infection from your recent viral illness, and self-prescribed ampicillin. It would be advisable for you to be properly examined and diagnosed first by a medical professional. Ampicillin is not used very much any more, so it is unlikely that even if you did have a bacterial infection, this would not be the antibiotic of choice. Signs of secondary bacterial infection, such as pneumonia, as a result of a respiratory virus would be a high fever, a worsening cough with expectoration of dark phlegm, chest discomfort, rapid respiration, and lethargy. A mild sore throat or runny nose does not necessarily indicate a need for ampicillin.  Pharyngitis IS a sore throat....the word means "inflammation of the pharynx (throat". There are hundreds of causes of vertigo, and it would be impossible to determine the cause of yours over the Internet, so you will need to address this separate symptom with your medical provider.  No. Colds and influenza are caused by viruses, not temperature changes. Viruses enter the body through the nose, eyes, or mouth....not through the skin. You can run outside naked if you want and you will not be any more vulnerable to getting a cold or the flu. It is okay if your grandmother or mother disagrees with this statement....  Wash you hands with running water (cold or hot...does not really make a difference) and use SOAP. The detergent breaks up the natural oils on the skin that trap dirt and dirt particles and will help the water wash it off. I would be more concerned with you BREATHING in lead dust....  Not all colds are the same, and each person responds to them differently. I do not know your medical history or the type of anesthesia your dentist is planning to use, so these decisions are made on an individual basis....by the dentist. Generally, it is safe to undergo dental procedures with a cold, but the dentist will need to make that call.  No, that is not true even if your mother (or grandmother) told you this story. It is perfectly fine to sit on cold concrete if your butt can handle it. The coldness will never reach your ovaries or kidneys and you will not have any fertility problems as a result. My high school girlfriend's mother use to make me sit on a piece of newspaper so that the cold concrete would not cause hemorrhoids!  Colds are caused by viruses. The only biological explanation in your case would be that your allergies are overwhelming your immune system, making you more vulnerable to getting a viral infection. Allergies cause congestion and inflammation and respiratory viruses tend to be opportunisitic...hitting you when you are down, so to speak. There are no direct relationship between colds and allergies otherwise, but a person can certainly have both at the same time.  Many people have "cold sores" in their past history, but do not remember or they went unnoticed as being something else. Once you have antibodies for the herpes simplex virus, it can reactivate at any time in your life....forever. Mono is an entirely different and unrelated virus. Mono cannot cause herpes, but if a person already has herpes antibodies, exposure to an illness or getting an illness could trigger this reactivation response. There can be many reasons for your symptoms, so please see your medical provider so you can be properly examined and diagnosed.  Yes, a person can have more than one viral infection at the same time. True influenza is so miserable that how would you even know if you also had a common cold? Diagnosed early and by laboratory confirmation (there is a rapid flu test), the course of influenza can be shortened by using a drug called Tamiflu. Colds, of course, have no specific treatment. They will last about a week.  You are coughing for a reason. Coughing helps clear your airway of mucous, so if you are still coughing, then perhaps you are still having post-nasal drainage. Coughing can irritate the respiratory track, so the more that you cough, the more that you may feel the need to cough. Assuming that you are not having signs of a secondary infection, like pneumonia (fever, chills, rapid respiration) or an asthma-reaction (wheezing, shortness of breath, etc.), you can quiet an annoying cold-related cough several ways: Hydrate: drink plenty of fluids Humidify: use a cool mist humidifer or at least take a steamy shower before bedtime Soothe: Try some honey to coat your throat Suppress: You can take an over-the-counter cough suppressant that contains dextramethorophan (DM). A pharmacist can help you select a good one. Try some cough drops. Many contain soothing glycerine to help the irritated throat. Don't leave them in your mouth at bedtime, however! Control post-nasal drainage. An antihistamine may help dry up a drip. Avoid decongestants at bedtime (they increase post-nasal drainage) Any persistent cough should be taken seriously, so you may need to see a medical professional if the cough does not quiet down and completely resolve.  Bronchitis is just a complication of the cold. Bronchitis, itself, is not contagious, but you still should exercise caution when you cough, use tissues, etc. and wash your hands. You can return to work when you feel better and are fever-free, since the cough can last a while.  I know your inquiry is serious, but unfortunately, I have never heard of a condition called cold flatulence.  You should not take medication prior to surgery without the expressed knowledge and permission of your surgeon and anesthesiologist. Some cold medications contain drugs that can speed up your heart rate and raise your blood pressure.  Yes, this would be called VIRAL CONJUNCTIVITIS. However, when it is only affecting one eye with purulent discharge, I would be suspicious of a secondary bacterial component. This is just a guess, however, since I have no way of seeing your eye first-hand. Many times, it is difficult to tell, even during an examination, so many medical providers will just treat it with topical ophthalmic antibiotic ointments or drops. It may clear up on its own...it may spread to the other eye or to others in your family or work, so having a prescription eye medication would nice. Many medical offices will simply call it in for you, if you ask.   Sudafed is a stimulant, like coffee. The Xanax is fine, if prescribed for you, but avoid coffee, tea, and that Sudafed if you want to sleep. Hopefully, the flight will be smooth and your seat-mates quiet, respectful, and non-snoring.  Baby formula water? I can't say that any of my little patients are using special water to mix the formula. I see nothing wrong with mixing the formula with any bottled water. Just buy a gallon of purified drinking water, leave it at room temperature, and use that....or use your water cooler water to fill up a jug so it gets to room temperature before you give it to the baby. I don't think they would appreciate ice water! I don't know the quality of your city water (some cities have excellent water).  You provided appropriate care. Causing intentional pain to try and stimulate someone who has fainted is not something that should be done in most case. Paramedics do this to check and see if someone is responsive (or dead), so as long as the fainting victim is breathing, just elevate those legs and allow them to recover gently.  No. Cold are blowing on a body part will just make that part cold. It will not cause an infection.  The body can adjust quite well to the modest temperature variations. Living in California, this happens to millions of people every summer. Same goes for people in Arizona, New Mexico, etc  Unfortunately, I do not have enough information to address your question (Example: I have no idea of the location of the previous MRSA infection, the age of your child, etc.). I can tell you that there are dozens and dozens of reasons for lymph nodes to react (enlarge), so it is really up to his/her pediatrician to determine the cause and significance of the nodes. Most lymph nodes are innocent, but I do not have sufficient medical information about your child, nor the ability to examine him (her?) to make that important call.  A BP of 165/95 is still too high and it puts you at risk. While some people can tolerate higher pressures than others, that does not make it acceptable. It is definitely better than 200/140, though. Lowering blood pressure can be done many ways using many different types of medications and combinations. The goal for any clinician would be to use the least amount of medication with little or no adverse effects to control the pressure into NORMAL range. It would be great to have the top number (your systolic pressure) below 138, and that bottom number (the diastolic pressure) below 88. Yes, some BP meds can make you tired/sleepy, or even contribute to your cold hands/feet, so try to work with your doctor until you can find the right combination. Hopefully, you have a blood pressure machine at home and are taking your own BPs on a regular basis.  There are MANY types of STDs, so it would be impossible to make that important determination based solely on your symptoms. YOU are the one who agreed to the unprotected sex, so YOU are the one responsible to get examined and properly tested. It would be so much simplier (and less expensive) to just INSIST on a partner using a condom. No condom. No sex. No exceptions.  I don't think that four year old should be using albuterol (or Pulmicort) from a siblings prescription unless it was specifically prescribed by a medical professional. Coughs due to cold are not the same a a reactive airway requiring a potent bronchiodilator or steroid. The cough due to a cold is simply the way the body clears the airway of irritating mucous -- it does NOT need albuterol. Just because the four year old asks for an inhaler in no way implies she needs it....four year old know very little about pulmonology. They are really soliciting attention, so the cough should be addressed in a safer way...perhaps with a teaspoonful of honey...NOT albuterol.  This is called cold urticaria ...one of the more unique types of hives. You can try using an antihistamine before cold exposure, but it still may happen. Unfortunately, there is little that can be done other than avoiding these cold situations.  See a urologist. I would not trust a kidney diagnosis to a Chinese herbalist who looks at your feet. There are many diagnostic tests to check your kidneys, assuming a specialist sees any evidence of a kidney problem. Sickle cell trait should not cause your ED or ejaculation problems, and I have never heard of a kidney disorder that would be cause those issues. Again, see a specialist.  You can get a flu vaccine when you have a cold, or you can wait a few more days. Colds only last about a week.  It has been said that "Colds last a week if you treat them, and seven days if you leave them alone." Most healthy immune systems will cure a cold in about 4 days; but may take longer if you have not encounter this particular virus before. Herbal remedies, vitamin C, zinc, chicken soup, and other home treatments have not been scientifically proven to be effective for everyone, but there is nothing wrong with trying them. Get plenty of rest.  You are a parent. You don't need me to tell you to worry or not. Worrying come naturally. Her maternal immunity wore off about a month ago, so she is now quite vulnerable to colds (viral infections). Because she is so dang cute at this age, many people are playing with her so exposure to germs are a sure thing. She will need to get several colds in order to jump-start her own immune systems, so get used to them. This first winter can be the Cold of the Month Club. If she is in day-care, frequent colds will be a part of your life. Coughing can also be triggered by saliva. I suspect she is teething. When he lies down, the saliva or any post-nasal drainage has no where to go but down her throat. Coughing clears her airways so in some respects, it is a good thing. If she is showing signs of illness (fever, rapid breathing, wheezing, failure to improve over time, etc.), she will need to be examined by her medical provider. There will be the sound of coughing in your Christmas videso this year.  You are likely bleeding and re-bleeding from the same nasal site. This may need a quick and easy chemical cauterization of the bleeding site, if your doctor can find it. Most of the time, this will be quite evident. Yes, it is appropriate for you to see your doctor. Do some Internet research on the proper way to control a nosebleed (many people do it incorrectly). Are you taking aspirin or any other blood-thinning medications? Are you bruising or bleeding in other areas? If so, your doctor can order a few lab tests to make sure everything is fine.  A "cold" is a viral, upper respiratory infection characterized by runny nose, congestion, coughing, etc. Colds last about a week and are quite common; hence the expression; common cold.  That would be a difficult question to answer without the ability to examine you. Cold and influenza are viruses, and tend to cause similar symptoms. Influenza tends to be worse, usually with a fever response (not just hot or cold flashes). Influenza is a respiratory viruses some abdominal symptoms are not typical in adults (kids with flu can get them, though). If I had to take a guess, I would say that you most likely have a nasty viral infection, but not necessarily influenza. The only way to be sure is to have a rapid flu test. If you have been ill for less than two days, antiviral medications, like Tamiflu, can be used. There is really nothing that can be done for a cold, other than symptom control. Treating the SYMPTOMS of colds and flu is often the only thing that can be done; trying to feel better while Nature orchestrates the cure. Both colds and flu last about a week, with the first 3-4 days being the worst.  Not much.....a medical provider could prescribe a trial of a drug used to treat high blood pressure (beta blocker), but this may be an over-kill for a non-medical problem. I know that blushing can be embarrassing, but just tell your friends that you are HOT BLOODED and PASSIONATE....the price you have to pay to be an awesome lover. If you believe this and make your friends believe it, you will definitely gain some confidence. It is what it is, my friend....there are a lot of worse things that can happen to humans during stressful, social situations. Just be glad you don't pee yourself.  According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, you should avoid using ANY cough and cold medications in children under the age of six (some even state, age 12). Cold medications are only for symptom control. They are not very effective and medication side-effects are common. It is important for you to know what EACH ingredient does so you do not have unintentional complications. I don't use them in my pediatric practice.  Amoxicillin only helps of you have a susceptable bacteria. It will not help all infections, and will not help viral infections at all. Since I have no idea what you have, or what your doctor is treating, my suggestion is for you to contact the medical provider who is treating you -- one who is familiar with you and your case -- for advice.  There are literally hundreds of causes of vertigo. If your allergies are affecting your ear, namely your middle or inner ear, then it could cause temporary vertigo. That may be difficult to prove, however, in light of the many other causes that may need to be considered.  You will need to address this question with your medical provider -- the one who knows you, your medical history, and the name of the medication and dosage of anxiety medication you are taking.  You can take any of them. I do not know of any specific contraindications or adverse drug reactions from combining any cold medicine (decongestant, antihistamines, cough expectorants, cough suppressants, or mucous-thinning agents) with ibuprofen.  No, it will not work or help the cold symptoms. It will just make his feet smell like Vicks. Don't tell your mother or grandmother that I told you this, but Vicks on the feet is absolutely worthless.  Colds are contagious a day before you know you are ill, and for about two days afterwards. Wearing a mask will help prevent the spread of infection, but you will also need to wash your hands frequently during the day.  Cough medications (suppressants or expectorants) are for SYMPTOM control. They will not help you get better sooner, but they could help you feel better while Nature orchestrates the cure.  A bright, yellow nasal discharge does not automatically mean "sinusitis" or even indicate a bacterial infection. Mucous can become yellow for a variety of reasons, including simple stagnation. Most sinus infections, like colds, are viral and do not require antibiotics. The fact that you do not have a fever or other sinus related symptoms would seem to indicate that you may not have a sinusitis. You can definitely wait it out a bit longer. Viral infections tend to last about a week; worse in the first 3-4 days. Do all of the supportive measures: drink plenty of water, humidify your environment, use saline nasal spray (as well as the Pantanse), and keep that stuffy nose following. Should your symptoms persist or worsen, it would be wise to seek medical care so that you can be properly examined and treated.  Yes...it is safe. The flu vaccine can be given if you have a cold.  As you know, I have no way of looking at your eardrum over the Internet to give you the "okay to fly". You would need to see a medical provider to make sure you do not have middle ear effusion (fluid) or an infection. You most likely have ETD (Eustachian Tube Dysfunction), so there are no quick fixes. The Sudafed was a good try, but short-acting nasal decongestants (like NeoSynephrine) may offer temporary relief if you do it before you fly, assuming you can use this type of medication. Many people will take ibuprofen before the flight for the anti-inflammatory benefits. Most planes are well-pressurized, so landing may be your problem. Chew gum so you can frequently swallow, and then hope for the best.  Either one may help....so use the one that seems to get the best results, or use both -- alternating from ice to heat.  Head lice live on heads; a place were is is warm. They do not live very long on objects like mattresses, furniture, carpet, etc. whether you drag them outside in the cold or just leave them where they area. Just treat the person(s) for the lice; not the objects. Repeat the human treatment in a week, and you should get rid of this unwelcomed infestation.  Cipro is an antibiotic used for certain types of BACTERIAL INFECTIONS. Colds are viruses, so antibiotics are ineffective. If you are self-diagnosing and self-treating, I would not recommend it.  Not all (middle) ear infections respond to amoxicillin, and because you could not take the recommend dosage, you are going to need an alternative antibiotic (perhaps a stronger one that is not so hard on your GI tract). Please call your doctor for a change in your therapy, because you also have a sinus infection that needs treatment as well.  Read my new Blog on on the new guidelines for treating ear infections in children. Most children with middle ear problems improve by age six, so you have two more years. I don't know if he is a candidate for tubes or not, but middle ear fluid lasting more than three months is very problematic. He may need to see an ENT specialist at this point. He is likely in pre-school or pre-K where he is being exposed. Keeping him home would reduce his exposure to other children with colds, but the benefits of preschool outweigh this risk. Never smoke around a child. If he has allergies, try and get them controlled. Hopefully, he is immunized against pneumococcal disease and influenza - the new treatment guidelines stress the vaccines as a preventative.  See your medical provider. Yes, Xanax can help anxiety (your reaction to stress, assuming this is what is causing your symptoms), but it will not help the underlying causes of stress.  A viral infection (in the lungs) or emphysema (a chronic lung condition) would not likely cause an abnormal CBC.  The tonsils may have little holes or crypts in them that can trap food and other debris. Sometimes, this debris can calcify and create a little stone-like mass called a tonsilliths (tonsil stone). Since I have no way of seeing your little white spot first-hand, it would not be possible for me, or any medical provider, to be able to give you an exact answer based solely on your brief description. It is possible to have localized infections, so since you are concerned, it would be in your best interest to have your tonsils examined by a health care professional.  You are self-diagnosed and self-treated. You have lost weight and are not improving, so the answer is YES. You need to see a medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  Assuming your are susceptible to this particular virus (there are over 200 that can cause a cold) and your immune system is caught sleeping, you can develop cold symptoms in 12 - 24 hours (some say sooner).  It is time for you to see another doctor -- a good internist -- for a second, diagnostic opinion. Just because no one can find a cause, does not imply that you are fine. Clearly, if you still having those issues, you need a more indepth assessment.  Blood in your phlegm always means "something", but that something isn't always serious. The respiratory and nasal tract has a rich blood supply. When you have a cold, some of those tiny surface capillaries can bleed due to inflammation or infection. If the blood is minimal and goes away at the end of the cold, it is probably just normal. Coughing up blood for an extended period of time requires a thorough medical investigation. Many people worry about this being a sign of a cancer, but if you are a long-term smoker and have other medical symptoms not mentioned in your brief question, you should bring this up to your medical provider -- someone who knows you and your medical history -- so that he can order the proper diagnostic tests to get to the source.  No, doctors are not "obligated" do do what you want....like a biopsy that they feel may be unnecessary. Your only course of action is to see a different surgeon, plead your case, and get a second opinion. Surgeons do not want to just randomly remove or biopsy masses that may be cystic, fibrocystic, or clearly not suspicious of cancer. You have a cancer fear since these are your breasts....the only ones that you feel. The surgeon may have years of experience examining thousands of lumpy breasts and reading many mammograms, and does not share in your fear or concern. You cannot force a surgeon into the operating room, no matter how much you demand.  Herpes is a viral infection, and yes, you can get it on your eyebrow area. If you have the zoster type, it may spread from the eyebrow area along a nerve pathway. There are many things that can mimic a herpetic infection, such as a blistering form of impetigo. One way to be sure is to have that lesion cultured and sent to the lab. There are special herpes cultures and general wound cultures, so you should do both.  Self-diagnosis is often wrong, and self-treatment can be iffy. Since I have no way of determining if this is, indeed, a wart, I cannot endorse home treatment. Besides, over the counter wart medications cannot be use INSIDE the mouth, and should be used cautiously on the face. My advise would be for you to see a medical provider and have this "wart" professionally treated.  No. You can take Robitussin while on birth control pills.  Tinnitus does not cause the face to droop, but Bells Palsy can. The same virus that may have caused your tinnitus/ringing could be the same virus that is now cause some nerve problems in those facial muscles. Many times, this is a herpes simplex virus. I suggest that you see your medical provider right away about this droopy face since there are medications that can help.  I guess you can come in work in my clinic, or volunteer at a day-care center. Those things should get you sick... Some people are just blessed with a wonderful, protective immune system. The average person gets about three colds a year; you are getting one. Now, if you would just quit smoking and start eating better, there would be no stopping you. Even people with great immune systems can get better. I have an Aunt who never smoked, ate very sensibly (mostly foods that she grew herself), very little meat, worked hard in the garden and around the house. She passed away this morning at 98.....a long and healthy life. I wish that for you.  Benadryl (diphenhydramine) does not cause a fever, nor is fever an adverse reaction to this antihistamine. Allergies do not cause fever, so any elevation in temperature that may have experienced is most likely do to your cold (assuming you have correctly diagnosed yourself). Fever is the body's natural response to fighting off an infection.  Colds can set the stage for secondary (bacterial) infections, so yes...it would be wise to see your medical provider to be examined, diagnosed, and treated. Colds last a week, so when someone tells me that they are (a) getting worse after a week, and (b) coughing blood, there is a clear indication to seek some hands-on medical care.  Could it be a swollen gland that just makes it feel like your adam's apple has moved? Your larynx is pretty firmly attached and you would be having debilitating pain and great difficulty breathing if it had moved.  Hi.  Okay, so seven years ago I experienced a bleed. I learned several things. 1. the most common symptoms of a stroke don't necessarily show up. I my case, I had chugged Mountain Dew and followed it with a Red Bull chaser. Then I was exercising. I never felt dizzy, didn't have any ringing in my ears, didn't even feel tired. When I stopped exercising my right side skin was not feeling anything. I had no tingling, no loss of controlled motion, no loss of vision, didn't feel hot or cold just couldn't feel the skin on my right side. This confused me and so stupidly I drove home to put my bike away, and my laptop in the house. I was lucky nothing more happened on the way home. I went to the hospital and they did an MRI. My blood pressure was high but not extremely high, it had probably dropped by then. 2. my doctor, a neurologist, told me that he couldn't see a cause for the stroke/bleed. When I relayed to him that I drank Mountain Dew and Red Bull, he told me that there have been teenagers and college students who have suffered both death and bleeds after exercising after the same drinks. 3. You are not safe to drive for at least a year after a bleed or stroke as your brain will attempt to reset your nerves. During one such brain reset I was talking to a friend who was sitting next to me at the start of the conversation. I went into a brain reset mid sentence and was gone for 10 minutes. When I came out of it I finished the sentence and was surprised to see my friend standing in the kitchen talking to 911. I had neglected to warn him about the brain reset. 4. Clot and bleed strokes are different. With the current medications a clot can be treated/helped with immediate medications. A bleed however can't really be treated as the only treatment is to give clotting medication which would cause a clot stroke. Bleed strokes vary in degrees mine was medium. Blood is not good on nerves and can cause many side effects. 5. I also learned that we are all wired differently. My bleed was right above my medulla oblongata (the part of the brain that performs the autonomic functions). The neurologist did not believe, based on where my bleed was, that I should be in any condition but comatose. 6. The heeling process is variable. The neurologist told me that he had a patient who had 10 times my bleed area and he was completely recovered within two weeks. He had another one that had a bleed 1/10th the size of mine and has been right side crippled for 30 years. Another patient was crippled for 15 years and woke up one morning with all the symptoms gone. I was hopeful. 7. Where I'm at now, I can tell I lost some of my learning capacity but I'm working on that. The feeling has partially returned on the right side, but my right leg is in constant pain, the pain you feel when a limb goes numb and is coming back to life. No pain meds fix stop it. I've lost my ability to tell when I'm hungry, to tell when I'm full, and to remember what a food tastes like. I can remember if I liked it or not. On the bright side, good food tastes really good, every time and I can eat my favorite foods all week long without getting bored. However, I have to be very portion controlled or I'll turn into a pumpkin. In addition, I have to eat at the same time during the day or I forget to eat. 8. My advice: If you have numbness in any part of your body, and it persists after movement, assume, it's a stroke or a bleed and seek help. Restrict your driving after having a stroke, or better yet don't drive at all. 9. My advice to friends and family: Let your stroked/bleed person do everything that they can do, because, it really is true, if you don't use you can lose it. So a few broken plates won't matter in the end, but a persons spirit can be crushed by over protectiveness.  Not likely, cold can cause constriction of the eye capillaries. Fasting causes drop in blood pressure and detoxification symptoms.  Not an expert here but I'm going to say no because it just means he probably swallowed some of the blood from his nosebleed and, depending how much blood he swallowed, it may have made him nauseated.  So obviously this is a while later and I hope that you have seen your doctor and had your urine checked for infetcion. Chills associated with infections usually means a severe infection, usually with buring, blood in urine, pain, urgency to pee, having to urinate very frequently, weak stream etc. My guess is from what you said it was just the environment or somehting else but each person is different and for one person may be severe symptoms others may have minimal symptoms of same infection.  It could be your blood sugar, and or a combination including your blood pressure and cholesterol too -"I have Diabetic Atomic Neuropathy" . I started sweating (very hot) then became cold. Blood work is essential. The doctor suggested I start eating five small meals a day, taking iron (daily vitamins) and Krill Oil.  I don't know what brand you're using, but retinol can be irritating and drying to the skin. Some people need something milder. After it's absorbed, I then use a face lotion for sensitive skin. Also, it may have nothing to do with the retinal, just coincidence. There are eye products to reduce the swelling. Hope this helps.  It sounds like there may be some abnormal sensitivity to cold. This can be a reversible situation that responds well to desensitizing toothpastes like Sensodyne or prescription-strength fluoride treatments done at home. However it may also be an irreversible pulpitis situation in one or more of the teeth that could require root canal. Either way, your dentist needs to check out the problem and may need to take X-rays to be sure! Bottom line: Make an appointment to see the dentist.  It is not unusual to have sensitivity after a deep filling. It could last 8-12 weeks. The most important thing to know is if there is a change for the worse, you may have an irreversibly damaged nerve that can get infected. This would require root canal therapy to save the tooth. I would carefully monitor your symptoms and get in touch with the dentist if something changes.  Silver front teeth are a thing of the past. If you do have a cavity it can be repaired with white restoration. More than likely, the sensitivity is transient and will go away soon.  Your harming your child by smoking period, there's no harm done when you stop.  Hello. about 3 yrs ago I started to get weak, then started to get tired all the time. Also I started having chills, (like the flu) So I went to my doctor and he sent me directly to the emergency room. They said after I got seen that I had "Pneumonia" hopefully you don't have it. Had to stay in hosptital a wk.  My daughter had similar symptoms and tested positive for strep throat. You should probably follow up with your Dr.  steam always works for me i just sit in the tub and let the hot water steam around me. it also helps as an expectorant  frequently i have an issue with feeling the sensation to pee but no urine. i find that drinking lots of water usually fixes that  Sounds like you have a sinus or chest cold. If the blood is just thin streaks then I dont think theres much to worry about. Nothing that a round of antibiotics wouldnt cure. And if you smoke STOP. If if more than streaky blood in your sputum [mucus,flem] SEEK medical attention immediately. These could be signs of a more serious condition.  Could be signs of high and low blood sugars, poor circulation, and possibly hypertension. You need to find a good doctor who will run the appropriate test and even get a CBC count to see exactly whats going on. So many possibilities.  Here is some information on that I hope will be helpful. Making an appointment and visiting your doctor is the only way to know for sure what's causing your persistent cough and get the appropriate treatment. We wish you the best! The WebMD Answers Staff   and are viral infections. Colds tend to run their course in 7 - 10 days, but it can take a little longer. Flu generally is at its worst for the first 3 or 4 days, but can take up to two weeks to ease up completely. Please click into the linked information and read about it. If more than 10 days go by and you still see no relief or your symptoms are getting worse, then you should call your doctor. He or she may want to see you in their office again or try another form of treatment. If you're considering taking antibiotics that were prescribed for something else, please don't do that without consulting your doctor. We hope you feel better soon! The WebMD Answers Staff  Welcome! First, have you spoken to your parents about any of this? If not, that's your very first step...communicate. They can set up an appointment with your doctor to have you checked out to see what may be going on. In the meantime, here is some information on and that may be helpful reading for you. And, here is an article that lists . We hope you are able to get some answers from your doctor soon. The WebMD Answers Staff  The common cold is a group of symptoms in the upper respiratory tract caused by a large number of different viruses. Although more than 200 viruses can cause the common cold, the perpetrator is usually the rhinovirus, which is to blame for causing 10% to 40% of colds. Also, the coronaviruses cause about 20% of colds and the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) causes 10% of colds.  Yes. Cold packs numb the sore area and reduce inflammation and swelling. Ice packs are especially good for joint pain caused by an arthritis flare. You might also try using a local spray such as fluoromethane (nonflammable) on your back or painful area before and after exercise. This superficial cooling decreases muscle spasms and increases the threshold of pain. Or you can make instant cold packs from frozen bags of vegetables. Some patients prefer cold therapy to moist heat for arthritis pain, while others tell of having the best relief when they alternate the sessions with moist heat and ice. You can experiment with moist heat and ice therapy and then select the method that gives the best relief with the least trouble or expense.  Its not a bad idea to encourage your children to eat foods that are rich in vitamin C or take vitamin C supplements when they have a cold. This could help resolve symptoms more quickly, says Elizabeth Shepard, MD, clinical associate professor of pediatrics, Lucile Packard Childrens Hospital and Stanford University School of Medicine, Palo Alto, Calif. Oranges, broccoli, strawberries, and bell peppers are loaded with vitamin C. Follow dosing instruction on vitamin labels carefully. There have been some concerns about the use of intranasal zinc in children. The FDA recently advised consumers -- including kids -- to stop using Zicam Cold Remedy Nasal Gel, Zicam Cold Remedy Nasal Swabs, and Zicam Cold Remedy Swabs, Kids Size (a discontinued product) because they are associated with the loss of sense of smell. Check with your health care provider or pharmacist before giving your child any supplements or vitamins to find out if they are safe and effective.  Symptoms of a cold can be felt about 1-4 days after catching a cold virus. They start with a burning feeling in the nose or throat, followed by sneezing, a runny nose, and a feeling of being tired and unwell. This is the period when you are most contagious -- you can pass the cold to others -- so it's best to stay home and rest.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnEXrbAQyIo  According to author Michele Welton, who has been a canine consultant for over 30 years, the recommended time to spay is 9, 12 & 15 months depending on their size when full grown. This is from her book, "11 Things You Must Do Right To Keep Your Dog Healthy and Happy". You can find her at www.yourpurebredpuppy.com  Is it possible that your base temperature in lower than average? In my family my mother, my daughter and I all have a base body temperature of 96.8. I discovered mine when I was trying to get pregnant and taking my temperature to see when I was ovulating. If that is the case, every time you are in the ER or doctor's office you have to remind them of that. When the themometer shows that we have a temperature of 100 it is that same as 102 in an average person.  Cold/congestion is considered as a "Stress" situation to our body. Therefore, usually, our body acts by raising blood sugar as it needs to provide energy to fight infection. In non-diabetic persons, this situation is handled well, but in diabetics that would be associated with increased sugar levels. Hope your daughter would have a rapid recovery.  low iron levels may cause this.  you have many lymph nodes threw out your body if swollen it means you are fighting an infection of some king but I don't believe HIV or STDS cause swelling lymph nodes something as simple as having a cold sore or one ready to appear may cause them to swell under the chin or neck area seek medical treatment its you bodys way of talking to you.    The best way is to do natural; However, if natural does not fit a time frame to help you, you can always see a dermatologist for a laser scar treatment. For a natural way, check out this site: http://www.ehow.com/how_5047136_naturally-faderemove-facial-scars.html  no its better to stick with one  I found that if I do a nasal rinse on a regular basis that I have way fewer sinus problems. You could try a nettie pot or possibly just a saline solution sprayed up the nose. If you ask at the pharmacy counter, they can recommend not just a saline spray but also other nasal rinses that will keep the sinuses clear of all the "Junk" that accumulates there. Good Luck!  You might have a little trouble sleeping? I wouldn't stress out about it too much unless you are allergic to either one.  I have just spent the last 6 weeks in physical therapy. They always apply heat OR have me get on a bike to heat up my muscles for 15 minutes before I go through any table massage work. Next I do all my exercises then they end the session with 10 minutes of ice.  I found this really cool chart that shows you what's typical:  Who knew this was such a controversial subject!  I BELIEVE IT IS HIGHLY ADVISED TO BE WEANED OFF OF THIS MEDICATION AND NOT STOP SUDDENLY.  im not a doctor so dont take my word as gold, but i get these little white spots on my tonsils too, they irritate me like crazy, one evening i had enough so i took a flash light and went into the bathroom and took my fingernail and poked at it and it popped out of the tonsil. and it stopped bothering me. i still get them a lot but i just go in there and get it out, i think its like the first answer on here like a calcification.  It sounds like you might have a urinary tract infection. That can sometimes cause a fever, too. Here's s. Go to your doctor to get tested to find out for sure.If you do have an infection, the doctor will probably give you some antibiotics to clear it up.  One should have an indication of infection by the color of the mucus, i.e. clear/white to yellow to green. Green being a sign of probable sinus/bronchial infection.  this happened to me, go to nose ear and throat doc, may have fluid trapped in the inner ear.  I have heard of them growing back!  what cold medication can pregnant women take for sore throat?  if you don't have a fever, I'd research the sypmtoms for hypo active thyroid. If a lot of these symptoms are similar, you need to see your family doctor. It can be diagnosed with a simple blood test. Does your Mom or Dad have thyroid problems?  have you injured your neck in the past? It sounds similar to cervical neuropathy. Do a search, and see if the rest of the symptoms match yours.  CONSTANT eye drainage should always be checked. If you have possibly damaged your cornea it could be leaking out slowly. It is very important to have it checked by your eye doctor. In some cases it is just allergies to something in the air. It can also be a problem with the tear ducts. But if it contiues with no let up, DO see a doctor.    HAVE YOU CHECKED YOUR IRON LEVELS THIS CAN BE A CAUSE OF COLD EXTREMITIES ESPECIALLY DURING EXERCISE SIMPLE BLOOD TEST SHOULD LET YOU KNOW IF YOU NEED AN IRON SUPPLEMENT MOST PEOPLE DO  Yes. Begin taking large dosages of V-C with Orange juice at the onset of cold (disolved in oj.). take a sip ever hour or so during the day and before retiring at night.  no  This could possibly be a circulation problem. Other conditions that can cause cold extremities are thyroid issues (Hypothyroidism) or Diabetes. I hope this helps!  seems to be a sinus infection, maybe contact doctor about it if it persists.  you probably have an astigmatiziam.. which is weak eye muscles.  celexa i just stopped taking mine last month and had same wierd experience  Weakness should be excepted in an 84 year old woman after having a bout with nausea. It could have indeed been a virus or bug, even though there was no vomitting. The best thing to do is to consult a doctor.  You may want to check if it is really a cold you have and not a allergy of some kind. My son used to have a runny nose all the time before we realized that it is not a cold but a allergy.  Thanks Kat. That's what my neurologist said too. They did a cervical MRI and I am just waiting for the results. Is there anything that you do that seems to help?  Steroids have lowered my immune system and I have caught colds in the past while taking them. Also, I rarely get sick at all. My answer to you would be, yes.  I can only suggest a netty pot and saline rinse a few times a day. My children fortunately do not have the same issues as your son but I have found the Nyquil or Nyquil related products make them very hyper. apparently Nyquil has some ingredient in the same family as codeine and the hyperness can be a codeine raction. This was told to me by a nurse and seems to have held true. Also, check with your Pediatrician or other health cre provider about Tylenol. My children have been given Tylenol products but do not seem to benefit from them. These products never gave them any fever relief. It was recommended to us we alternate Advil and Motrin for fevers. BUT AGAIN BE SURE TO CHECK WITH YOUR HEALTHCARE PROVIDER BECAUSE OF HIS OTHER ISSUES.  I had the same problem with my thumb and 2 fingers next to it. It was caused by a blood clot. they dissolved the clot and the two fingers cleared up rapidly but the thumb hasn't cleared up yet. I will have to go back to be checked for another clot or possibly gangerine.  yes i'm going thru rotator cuff surgery right now and it does go cold soemtime i believe its from the lack of or not enoughcontact from nerves properly>?  this is something related to the nerve responsible for hearing and balance .. u should see ur doctor he could prescribe some medications for you  I am not an expert, but it could be poor circulation/lack of oxygen or anemia. Possibly look into these and see if she has other symptoms. Maybe they could be the cause?  Please check out this website.  You're body is digesting food. So blood, heat, and energy go to organs in charge of digestion to digest the food after you eat and retracts from the extremities so you get cold after eating.  That is not safe. If the skin gets too how it will burn the skin and irritate the baby.  oh yes with out it your finger could get infected  sounds like swollen lympnoids. sign of infection  the tingling idk about... but the coldness in hands and feet can be normal.. ? for years now my feet are always cold even if i have socks on. it cold.  Have you ever had your blood sugar checked? You may be hypoglycemic.  stay away from oral sex. There were recent discoveries of spreading "conditions/disease/virus" through oral sex. So stay safe and dont do it  It takes me to get my withdrawls if I run out a couple days and then I throw up 24/7 .... dirarreaha severe.... cannot eat or hold down water, for me it is worse than anything... I happen to know because I keep running out early as I have built up high tolerance to them for my medical issue, and II have two torn discs and need my meds.... but have ran out too many times for over a week at a time.. I cannot help you, but you either go cold turkey like I have to or get help from a dr. for suboxone sl strips...they are wonderful for withdrawls but they too have worse withdrawl tendency than opiates... I am willing to take anything to not have my bout with withdrawls... good luck...  hi my name is ooooo  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  http://www.baidu.com  what can i do to stop burning and itching now.no discharge.It is on thr top of my vaginal.I am 53...help....  eeeeeesssshhhhh.. well the high wbc indicates some kind of infection,but it doesnt tell u where the infection is , the same with the fever and the chills,but the blurry vision makes me think that it could be (I'M NOT A DOCTOR AT ALL ,i'm just smart when it comes to medical stuff) it makes me think that there could be something going on in ur brain but im not a doc. have the docs uve been to have the done brain testing? if not then ask if they think it could be ur brain cause thats my hunch.......  go back to the Dr. Bronchitis can become pneumonia.  Possible Pink eye. You need to get him in to his Dr. This is very contagious.  yes that is a very normal symptoms.  You have conjunctivitis it starts like that then it becomes too worse your eye starts to produce alot of discharge and it becomes very red. To treat it you will need to use hyaline and tobramyacin. I recommend a visit to an ophthalmologist to prescribe medications for you.  Regardless if it is a hot or cold water, drinking lots of water everyday will definitely improve your weight loss efforts. Drinking water can make you feel full and suppress your appetite.  go to your doctor get nine one one on the phone right away  Are you related to Mary Poppins?  I'm not a doctor but I would think that's oversdosing a bit. Check the box itself. It usually says what you can and can't take with it.  You shoul consult a doctor before taking any medication if you are taking prescription drugs such as anti-depressents.  My experience was an allergic reation to an antbiotic. I was eventually diagnosed with exfoliative erythroderma. It took a about two months and a ten day hosptal stay to get that diagnosis. The longer no action was taken, the worse the condition got. My reconmendation is to persue this untill you have a finite action plan. My diagnosis came from a dermotologist that was recomended and arranged by my allergy and asthma doctor. Treatment was long (over a year), and I experienced many complications.  the answer will always be the same: Ice for the first 3 days then ice and heat (switching) for about a week. if the pain doesn't go down, see a doctor. It might feel nice to keep your arm in one position but make sure that you keep up mobility so that you don't lose any. I AM NOT A DOCTOR, NOR DO I PLAY ONE ON TV BUT I'M GETTING PRETTY GOOD AT STUDYING MEDICINE  I heard that drinking mild water early in morning will surely help you in weight loss efforts.  This is usually a side effect after a nose or tear duct surgery. Have you had either of these?  I am an asthma sufferer living in South Africa. I migrated from the coastal town of Durban which is very humid to Johannesburg which is inland and has a "dry" climate and at a higher altitude. My conditions improved to the extent that an inhaler (asthavent) lasted for more than 3 months. I actually had no need for the preventative measure (corticosteroids-foxair). However, when I moved to Cape Town, a coastal city, I initially needed at least one inhalation in the morning of the 250/50. That was 8 years ago. About 3 years ago, I had "development" of phlegm in the chest which I attributed to a certain medication-pearindaporil. I do not have hbp but my cardiologist recommended and prescribed it. About nine months ago, the phlegm became problematic and I had shortness of breath. I have consulted with my GP and a pulmonologist. My asthma medication has more than doubled AND strengthened-montelukast x once daily; 500/50 of foxair x 2 daily; asthavent when necessary; and medication for GERD x once daily. Of-course, the hbp meds have also changed as the pearindaperil allegedly causes build up of phlegm. I have worked on a process of elimination of causes of the condition by severely adjusting foods and drinks. As a matter of interest, I do hunting, fishing and boating; brisk walking and sometimes squash. I can only put my present condition down to change in altitude and I am considering relocating to a higher altitude again. Mahomed Khan mahomed@maskattorneys.co.za  First, I moved to Texas with my sleigh which my momma said i'd have no use for. The first year here it snowed and snowed, I was the only one with a sled and full of wisdom for other uses of large round trash lids and the tubes they normally used to float down a river. Secondly, you may have that bronchial infection plaging us. If you can aven tolerate laying flat for 60 seconds youve dodged a bullet, and maybe injured a rib!! Sorry  I experienced vertico several times while just walking my dog a few houses down and back. It turned out that two of my medications i changed to taking both in am, and was not informed by pharmisist it is a problem. the two meds must be taken 12 hours apart. Hope yours is a easy fix!  It is more than likely due to your cold and not a major cause for concern. Use ear drops and see if that clears things up, if the symptom persists or worsens, see your doctor.  Not sure about GERD but they suggest not drinking really cold drinks with IBS  Most time numbness is a sign of a nerve being pinched or restricted in some way.  Don't know if this is helpful or will even apply to your son but my nephew used to get ear infections all the time. His mom let him go to sleep all the time with a bottle of milk and once she stopped doing that the ear infections stopped. You said he is 4 so I doubt he still has a bottle but thought I'd mention it anyway. Hope he gets better soon.  Sounds like a UTI, go see the Doc!! you need a gyno to tell you for sure..UTI's can be dangerous. please check it out soon.  Your chance of being pregnant 3 days before period is due is low. The only factor that may affect this chance is your period is irregular, so your true time of ovulation may not be when you expect it to be. Your highest chance of becoming pregnant is 14days prior to period, but nothing is 100% except abstinence and using a latex properly fitting condom. These not only reduce your chance of pregnancy but diseases and you having to raise a baby before your ready. I know the reaction to condoms usually goes like this...your bf hates those things and you are in love, am I right?? Think of this is...is love and your bf's comfort worth your life and or future? I am not lecturing but hopefully giving you something to think about before the next time you have to post a question like this. Take Care of yourself  your lung could be causing the pain its the only part you would feel pain in your back and front... u said u had a cold were you coughing alot? it could b a upper respitory infection, are you coughing up anything? i think stay on the cold meds , if u smoke try to limit yourself cause that will make it worse, and drink lots of water , itll help wash out whatevers giving you pain. if it doeant go away within 5ish day go to your doctor about it, i hope you feel better :)  well some people get nose bleeds alot do you get them once in a while , i dont think the dayqull would have anything to do with it , your nose could have been bleeding due to dryness in your nose or sinus , as for it happeing again could have been to the fact ,when we cry to put a lot of blood pressure up into our heads and it could have triggard it , i think its nothing to worry about, everyone is different i broke my nose when i was young it didnt bleed ... n ive never had a nose bleed in my life but thats just me , i have a friend who gets one everytime he get mad or starts crying,, blood just starts running out.... but if it doesnt stop or gets worse within a week go to the doctor , hope u feel better  vitamins lots of water make sure you wash your hands after touching anything in the house and its kinda messed up to day say but stay away from everyone ;) hope this helps , if u feel like you wanna take something more i dont really recomend it only cause you rather be free of meds and other things when your going under the knife as we say..  It's how the body is made. For testicles to produce sperm and keep them alive, they need to stay at a certain temperature (which is a bit lower than your regular temp, hence the sack hanging lower to get rid of some of your body heat) When you are cold, the sack rises to bring it closer to your body to get the heat from your body. When you are hot, the sack lowers to cool off and be farther away from your body heat.  Just try it. It worked for my kids. Rub on feet and put on socks and within a 10-20 minutes the cough will lessen. Also marshamallow root is good for cough & chest congestion. It sells in extract form.  Hi my name is nohealani, and believe it or not when my nose gets that bad, as wierd as this may sound. when I go to sleep at nite or when Im at home relaxing, I get some tissue and roll it up and put it up each of my nostrils.It really helps me at nite, because Im not constantly getting up to blow my nose. It usually takes a few days but before you know it your nose will dry up. sounds wierd ,but wouldnt hurt to try it. and it does'nt cost anything.  I have also had the same problem of pain when swallowing food. I have drunk hot tea with honey (no milk) and that helps with the pain. Drink often, as needed, and the pain will subside. Honey acts like an antibiotic, and has natural healing powers unlike over the counter medications.  nodules are normal and as you become older, one seems to obtain more. If the nodules continue to grow, a biopsy should be performed to test for cancer, Most of the time nodules are benign.  no, this could cause heart palpitations and increase her blood pressure.  Also... The recent symptons are.... I stay healthy. I run, bike and eat healthy. I can't even go running or biking anymore without almost collapsing. I live in Phoenix. The longer I run or bike, the colder my body becomes. I mean like ice cold. Other people have felt my body coming in doors after doing this and they are shocked at how cold I feel. AND - the coldness moves around. On my back, will be on left are, then left are warm, then right arm frozen etc My doctors are at a loss. I can't handle this anymore. Please help.  For me that is usually a sign of ear/ sinus infection. I have had so many the blocked feeling is usually the only way I can tell. I say if you can go to a walk in clinic or a quick visit with your doc should be an easy fix.  no it is best to work with your doctor in order to stop sometimes when you stop meds cold turkey it can cause serious problems  Hi.... I've got 5 children, 5 grandchildren and 2 ggrandchildren.....i hate to say this but if that's the worst she gets into her mouth, you'll be a very lucky parent. It sure isn't recommended but look at it this way. I assume she's still in diapers and taking a bottle and/or baby food. Everything she eats is clean....everything that comes out will be too ! now when she gets older and starts to walk and explore....that's when you should know what she's into. Trust me, if my mother had known what i got into on my grandparents' farm at 3 yrs., she would have keeled over dead. Kids are like cats, they have 9 lives, in spite of us ! Stay in touch with your doctor and overlook his apparent lack-of-concern...remember he deals with dozens of kids and their new parents everyday. Sometimes they forget.  Drinking lots of water is fine but too much is bad because it exerts pressure on the kidneys and over a period of time you may suffer some type of an ailment related to your kidneys. Moreover, the sodium levels may also get very low. There may be a number of reasons that may be the reason behind the excessive thirst for water such as diabetes, kidney or liver disease, head injury, burns or infections or even psychological disorders. Please refer to an experienced doctor.  The sinus problems can cause tooth pain. The pain can also be related to the grinding, as that can cause inflammation in the ligaments around your teeth. The affection of the maxillary sinuses causes an ache in the upper jaw (maxilla) and teeth.  NO. You may have an infection and it could make your situation worse!  Warm  I really don't see any harm in it. It's not a drug that you really have to wean off of. You should be fine to stop cold turkey.  No youre fine. Probably just pregnant.  strep throat  Have your thyroid checked. I experienced the same thing and found out I had an over active thyroid.  yes  No it is not, you could pass the virus on to other people.  I'm physician, but I'm familiar with friends and family who have diabetes. Even if physically fit, people can still diabetes. It may also be a sign that the level of in your blood is significantly low. is a condition associated with low iron, where staying warm is a challenge. Taking iron pills or daily vitamins may help your blood stay healthy and circulate properly, allowing good blood flow through out the body. Thus keeping your body temperature normal. Probably having your blood sugar and levels checked couldn't hurt. At least that would be two things you could narrow down on the list. :)  Do you have high blood presure? If so call you Dr asap  hypoglycemia and fibromyalgia on other systoms i have it and had all those systoms  if you r a female menopause and both male and female hormones  Your girlfriend is either money hungry or man hungry. Either way you should have a talk with her. This is not simple flirting. If she cares at all for you then she will step back and think about your feelings. How is her self respect? Is this just about money? You need to know.  Could be an allergic reaction to something. Maybe a medicine you've been taking. Hair in your throat feeling. Do you have pets in your home at all. If so you may really have a piece of hair in your throat. I have before and took some time before it came out. I can not take Zyrtec makes my allergies worse. Some things to think about. Dry mouth try salt water. Not really sure just some ideas to throw out there.  varicose veins,see your doctor. get wraps to support your hands while you work.maybe   I just had a colonoscopy and was told I had a bleeding ulcer and acid reflux. I had absolutely no symptoms for either. I had a little swallowing and that was the reason for the test.  Drinking water to lose weight should be an important consideration in your weight loss program. Maximum of intake of water should be 8 cups for most of the people. There is no need to take tea as the water you are taking is enough. Water can be taken in the form of cold water and there is no problem with it and it works to reduce weight because cold water will help eliminate body fat because your body burns calories when it needs to warm the water to body temperature. Better you can follow many other exercises for weight loss that means you may "Love Your Weight Loss" if you worry about your weight again. One suggestion that "sallysymonds" the best trainee to reduce weight and no chance of get back weight again!  Hey gairl, As your situations, we suggest you to smoke ? electronic cigarettes ?instead. To buy a e cig starter kit and get E-linquid or E-cartridge, so you can smoke for a long time and save a lot of money.  How long must you be off of it before it is okay?  try "Superfood". I have been taking superfood for several months now and it is packed full of nutrients. You can only get on their website. texassuperfood.com  I wouldn't give vitamins or supplements to anyone unless they were natural or came from whole foods. Multi- vitamins or isolated vitamins like vit C are synthetic, are full of toxins, and don't work properly anyway because they require many other micro-nutrients to unlock their full potential. Look into superfood. It is a whole food supplement that comes from vine ripened fruits and vegetables. It will give you and your children the suggested 12 servings a day of veg's and fruits which provide the crucial nutrients and vitamins your body needs  my hands and feet are cold 90% of the time they also get red when its hot and purple when its cold, I have been told it is because I have a weak heart.  I am not an expert in this matter but it sounds like you may have diabetes. Arthritis might play a role in it as well but I would definitely get a blood sugar test.  I worked in a doctor office for 14 years and helped patients that can afford their meds. Check with your family doctor. the have a program out there called patient assistance program. you might want to look on the internet for information. It helped a lot of patient's out there.. Give it a try.....  I'm not a doctor but I have had three kids and the best way to protect yourself from a cold is to keep your hands away from your face,wash your hands especially if you have been out in public anywhere like the grocery store.Sometimes you can't help it someone around you will sneeze producing droplets that get in the air.I also try to eat oranges and drink plenty of orange juice.  Any doctor will tell you do not use a medication if it is expired. Even OTC meds. I used to work in the medical field, I will say things were more strict back then but expired drugs hasn't changed much. Hope this helps.  deffinately a heating pad! It helps me.  I usally wear cotton panties or go with none just to let it breathe. Just keep it dry for the most part. But when I had a really bad one last year my doctor told me a tip which was the total opposite of what I had been doing. She told me to keep a cool damp washcloth over the area while sitting on the toliet after you go and also having an ice pack on the area while laying down. It helped a lot and I hope that you are feeling better soon and maybe one of these ideas helped  I'd say it takes well hour 24 hrs. for the virus to die by itself. You can use a Lysol-type spray that should help. Wash your hands frequently and use sanitizer frequently.  Well that could be poor circulation, not stretching enough or dehydration. Make sure that you are well hydrated because when you become dehydrated, your limbs can start to feel cold and numb. Also, stretching your calf is very important. Just take a few extra minutes to stretch it like this: Go to a wall and press the toes and balls of your feet against the wall while the end part of your heel remains on the ground. Push your body toward the wall and you should feel the stretch on your calf. If none of this helps, it could be a circulation problem, so you should see a doctor. I had the same thing happening and the stretching and hydrating made it go away.  Sounds like it could be bad circulation or low iron. If an iron supplement doesn't help it could be the other.   You might recall where the mouse droppings were. You may have been in contact with fiberglass....the microscopic glass can easily affect sinus and lung linings. Try taking a really cold bath...it will tighten your skin pores....and try Advil Cold and Sinus to clear the sinuses.  Airborne is supposed to boost your immune system, so if you already have the flu it won't be very effective.  