yes.  I've never heard of Condoms causing a UTI before. What I do know is that you should go pee right after you have sex. Your pee kills the bacteria it's gotten with sex. Whether you're a female the bacteria gets jammed back in during sex. As a male it's own bacteria stays and you need to pee to kill the bacteria.  It could just be that you're ovulating. During Ovulation some women bleed it is heard that if you bleed during ovulation you're one of the most fertile. If it's only been for a few days I wouldn't worry too much but still take a test just in case. Although you did already have your period so you shouldn't be pregnant unless you had sex after your period. Just take a test I'm sure there's nothing to worry about.In case you're still worried though I'd recommend clear blue test it's easier to read.  OH! and btw don't stress as it prolongs your period.  Thanks, Nohard, but I'm not sure I follow your comment. Yes, I took my pills as normal after getting caught up on them. My bf and I were intimate days after I was caught up.  The short answer is yes and no. Yes she can get pregnant from pre-cum and, no she cannot get pregnant the day or two after her period ends. The long answer is as follows:<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p> Using a condom and/or birth control will help keep your minds at ease and are likely your best method for not having an unwanted baby. Most health departments will offer both at little to no cost. If it is true that her period ended on Friday then it is highly unlikely that she will become pregnant, day after pill or not. Sperm can live for 24-72 hours in the female body. Most will die off en-route searching for an egg however it only takes one egg and one sperm. A woman's cycle works like this. Period starts and triggers a turn of events. The LH phase is the phase when her body is not fertile, typically 10-16 days from the day the period starts depending on her specific cycle. Then the fertile days come in to play. For about 4-5 days her body will be in a fertile state but typically it is the last two days of this particular cycle when she is most ready to get pregnant. Once this phase is over her body prepares to have another period to shed the lining that has built up to accept the pregnancy. I would suggest getting an app on her phone that tracks her cycle and her most fertile times of the month. Mostly because I don't see you two using a condom or birth control no matter how many people tell you that you should. At least this way you two will have a better understanding of where her body is at and when its at that point to try and keep from getting pregnant. It can take about three months to get the app lined up with her cycle to track the days with the most accuracy. Please keep in mind that this is for a woman with a 'normal' cycle however even with an abnormal cycle it is highly unlikely to get pregnant within a few days of ending a period. This information comes from personal experience with tracking my own cycle to achieve pregnancy which I have done successfully. Best of luck to you both!  Yes, it is possible that your UTI's may be related to having sex. It has been reported that more than 75% of UTI's occurring in women happen within 24 hours of sexual intercourse. But your UTI's are most likely not due to your boyfriend having incontinency issues . Many of UTI's in women can be traced back to the disturbance of bacteria located near the rectum or in the vagina. These bacteria may then be introduced into the urinary system during sexual activity. Let's address a few points from your question. A male should not be capable of leaking urine during the act of sexual intercourse. Although urine in the bladder should be sterile, kidney infections and other medical conditions may contaminate the urine with bacteria. Urinary tract infections are caused by bacteria (mostly of the E-Coli variety). In some women, mostly due to allergic reactions, a latex condom used during sexual intercourse can actually contribute to the development of a UTI. Although the topic may be awkward to discuss with your boyfriend, he should be encouraged to have any possible urinary incontinence condition evaluated by a physician. It is even possible that he is not incontinent, but just finishes the voiding process too quickly. Of course, he should completely empty his bladder before zipping up his pants to eliminate evidence of dribbling. In order to reduce your chances of obtaining a UTI, cleaning of the vaginal area prior to and after sexual activity is imperative. The cleaning should always occur from the front to the back. Urinating before and after sexual intercourse can also decrease the chance of UTI development. A discussion with your doctor in other methods to reduce UTI's from occurring is also recommended.  The only guarantee to establishing paternity will be a paternity test. With that said, based on a , sex most likely occurred during the period February 22 - February 27. Your question was: Mine?  Condoms can leak so your still taking your chances. Most contraceptive pills put a disclaimer on the package guaranteeing only 99% effectiveness. Pulling out is not effective as a small amount of semen might still seep in even when you pull out. My opinion: Your best bet is to have a vasectomy and/or a tubal ligation.  1. No. 2. Lubrcation minimizes the risk, if the condom broke it would have broke completely - think of how rubber breaks.  Not exactly, if youre taking the pill or whatever it is to stop it from spreading then i dont think so, if youre partner already has it then no, it wouldnt really matter.  No you're most likely not pregnant. Green doesnt show up around your belly button when you're pregnant and it's not a sign, it couldve been something on your skin and it washed off. You shouldnt be worried. You should've took the pill Sunday around noon though.  Did you take pregnancy test if not then please first of all go for it. If you took and it is negative then you are having Amenorrhea in which a woman experience absence of periods for three to six months or longer. It happens due to imblance of body hormones estrogen and progeterone. Due to this hormonal imbalance a woman usually got disturb her normal pattern of periods. And another reason for it in women can be PCOS and Hypothyroidism. So, if you want to regulate your monthly cycle you need to go for HT (Hormonal Therapy) in which a woman need to go on birth control pills to balance the body hormones. These pills or contraceptive pills contains body hormones estrogen and progestrone and help to control irregular periods. And for this you can opt for Depo Provera, Ovral G, Nexplanon and Mirena etc. And you may get these medicines at your doorstep from online pharmacies like, Meds247online etc.  THIS IS MY ?. IN ANSWER TO THE MD. I GOT THE HERPES VIRUS WAY, BEFORE I MET HIM. RECENTLY WE BOTH BEEN TESTED NEG, AND NO OTHER DISEASES HAS REARED ITS UGLY HEAD, WE MAY NOT ALSO AGREE, BUT RUNNING TO SOMEONE IS NOT SOMETHING TO DO. STAY COMMITED IS WHAT IT ALL ABOUT. THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTEMPT @ ANSWERING MY ?  ... This...is common but also something that can be worked around. Some men find that it helps to ask their partner to put the condom on their penis so that they can continue touching and kissing and looking at their partner, which can help to maintain their arousal. Applying water-based lubricant or silicone-based lubricant to the outside of the condom (once it's on the penis) can help, too, as the slippery motion of her or your hand massaging your condom-covered penis can feel arousing and enhanced your erection. Make sure, too, that you are using a condom that fits your penis comfortably. If you need a bigger or smaller size, ask your pharmacist for recommendations or browse options [online].  Ouch! That must be uncomfortable! I suggest you get this checked out by your primary care physician or other healthcare provider as soon as possible. What you're experiencing clearly isn't normal, and you don't want to take any chances with your reproductive health. If you experience any of the following symptoms, seek immediate medical attention, because these are the signs of : Sudden, severe pain of the testicles/scrotum (sack) Enlargement of a testicle Swelling of the scrotum (sack) Tenderness of one or both testicles With luck, your primary care provider can tell you what's going on and treat it, if necessary. Please don't feel embarrassed to speak with a medical professional about this issue. Trust me, we deal with situations like this all the time in a respectful way. We want to make sure you get the care you deserve. Best wishes!  I think what you're asking is: Can you transmit genital to your partner if you have oral herpes but you do not perform oral sex on her. And the answer to that is "no." You also can't give her oral herpes if you don't kiss her. Herpes is transmitted by direct contact. I applaud your concern about not transmitting herpes to your partner. However, what concerns me more here is the issue of safe sex, in general. How do you know SHE doesn't have genital herpes that may be transmitted to YOU? She could have genital herpes and not even know it. Or she could be infected with (HPV) and not know it. In fact, she could have several sexually transmitted diseases and be unaware of it. Why would take chances with reproductive health by not practicing safe sex at all times? Plus, of course, there's the issue of pregnancy. Do you want to become a father? Are you ready to become a dad? Because it's possible if you're having unprotected sex. No method of birth control is 100% effective, but you can increase the effectiveness of any birth control by using "redundant systems" (to borrow a term from computer science). In other words, even if your partner is using some form of birth control, you can also use a form of birth control (in this case, a ) to make sex even safer, in terms of pregnancy prevention. Again, I think you're very wise to be aware that you have oral herpes and to be concerned about not transmitting this virus. I hope you think about the other issues I brought up, too.  Good for you for practicing safe sex. Condoms are good not only for pregnancy prevention but for reducing the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases. You should be able to test within a day or two of your next missed period. In other words, you'll have to wait to see if your next scheduled period is late. If it is, you can test a day or two after it was due. Each home pregnancy test is different, so read the box to see when it says to test. Best wishes to you!  Having a retained object in the rectum is no laughing matter. I understand why you'd feel scared. Women face similar feelings about retaining tampons, so you definitely are not alone. If you're very concerned that the condom is still inside you, your best bet is to seek medical attention. Let me assure you, any health care professional worth their salt will treat your problem with dignity and concern. You need not feel embarrassed about this. If an otherwise healthy person were constipated and retaining stool in the rectum, the obvious answer would be to use a liquid-based laxative, such as magnesium citrate or polyethylene glycol (brand name MiraLax). However, anyone with any medical condition, compromised immune system, or dehydration should not use these preparations without medical supervision. If you experience any abdominal bloating, vomiting, or fever, please seek medical attention immediately. Good luck to you!  From what you're describing, it sounds highly unlikely you could be pregnant. But I never say never when it comes to pregnancy. If your partner wore a condom throughout this encounter, did not penetrate you, and ejaculated into the condom, then I'd say the odds of pregnancy are slim to none. If your partner did penetrate you prior to pulling out and putting on a condom, that's an entirely different story because any seminal fluid (including "pre-cum") can contain sperm, which can in turn fertilize an egg if they find one. There's no need to take a pregnancy test unless you have actually missed your period (by which I mean it's at least a week late). I realize some home pregnancy test kits say they work even before a missed period, but those are not necessarily the most accurate tests. To obtain an accurate result, wait until you've missed the start of your period, then take a home pregnancy test first thing in the morning, when your urine is the most concentrated. Be very careful with the timing. If you follow all the package instructions, the results should be quite accurate. Wishing you all the best!  It's definitely possible for a girl to get pregnant even if the guy uses a condom. One key piece of information here is: When did you put the condom on? If you inserted your penis in your girlfriend's vagina before putting on the condom, it's possible you impregnated her. That's because pre-ejaculatory fluid ("pre-cum") can contain sperm. If one of those sperm got loose and found an egg, it would make a baby. The only way to tell for sure if your girlfriend is pregnant is for her to take a home pregnancy test. I recommend she do this first thing in the morning, when her urine is the most concentrated. You are correct that stress also can cause a woman's period to be late --or to skip a month altogether. There are many reasons for a woman's cycle to become irregular. Pregnancy and stress are two of those reasons. By the way, I applaud you for practicing safe sex. Even if you believe you already know the correct way to use a condom, I suggest you look over this brief information about it from WebMD on . Correct use of a condom can increase its effectiveness. Wishing you all the best!  http://pregnancy.about.com/od/amipregnant/a/missedperiod.htm this should help out. but if I were you, I'd buy a pregnancy test. there's some at the dollar store for $1. They work.  When both persons' accepted the risk. IF educated already on safe sex. It is a decision of the two to be one team & one family. As a like the three branches of government. That is an both consider path of the two co-founders of the relationship. Since this is now equal society. Maybe we can create a birth control pill for the male. The female has been elitely taken more risk. In the past, present & futures. As friends & family. Our health is an on going issue to happiness. Subdue various cases of changes. In ones lives that effects another. It is the key to being one's self & growth through out life. Non educated or being careless are the more targeted factors of the spread all that comes with territory of having sex. Parenting & mentors that are response to lead are just by the handful. Who can reach the understandings of this base. Sensitive subject among all life itself.  It is possible that the type of condom and any lubricant or liquid it contains can irritate the skin. Discharge can be due to dryness or change in normal flora. Make a mental note of the type of condom that you are using, and speak to your local pharmacist or your ob-gyn about other options that may be less irritating.  Hello guys! I just wanted to help anyone out there who might be having the same issues. So I'am following up with how the doctor's visit went. My daughter was tested both with her urine, vaginal exam and she had blood work done. The doctor said that she was fine that at her age it was ok that she wasn't having a period. She suggested getting her on the pill "if" my daughter wanted to have a regular cycle. She did warn her that without knowing a round about time she could be taken by surprise when her period does decide to show up. I do believe that the depo may have had a small role in it but the doctor never confirmed it since she had been off of it for over a year. In the end she decided not to go on the pill she thinks it awesome not having to worry about getting a period ( for now) every month.  I would try one more test just to be on the safe side. Supplements can have different effects on every woman. If it's not the supplement making you late, any change in stress factors, or hormone changes can cause you to be late.  She would have had perfect protection (no condom needed) the week she started her new pack given that the first active pill was taken in the new time slot. Most birth control pills have anywhere from 2-7 days of inactive/placebo pills. This does not impact contraceptive protection; the ovaries stay suppressed with any of these regimens. So a time change when restarting the active pills again should not alter coverage. .. If there is something that I have not understood correctly (e.g. she takes only the active pills pack after pack), then a week of condom use after a "late" pill is VERY ample (hyper safe!).  That is the best time to try to have a baby 2 weeks before you period comes you ovulate . There is a discharge from your vagina, it is clear and slimy and, you sometimes have pain like cramping when you ovulate. If you WANT to get pregnant this is the best time.  Was this your first time? Perhaps the bleeding occurred as a result of him bursting through your hymen as you lost your virginity.  Not likely but it depends a lot on if you have a "regular" menstrual cycle. In a 28 day cycle, you'd ovulate around day 14, and the days you could get pregnant would range from approximately days 11 to 16. His sperm can live for up to 5 days in your body, so sex from 3 days before until 2 days after the egg is released, could result in pregnancy. In your case the egg was long dead when you were possibly exposed to his sperm, and the next one won't be around for a while yet.  Two weeks before her due date is her most fertile time.  Perhaps you need to use a water-based lubricant as well.  Based on your history, I would seek medical attention. Using Plan B twice could cause irregular bleeding, but highly unlikely to cause severe suprapubic pain. Since you are on the Nuva ring, you should always insert the birth control even after using Plan B. If you became pregnant, of course your period would not come the following month but its best to stay on schedule with birth control. If not you start to miss with your cycle which can cause scares. Best thing to do would be, take a pregnancy test first then call your OBGYN and have an appointment set up. Also, Plan B should only be used in emergency cases and is not safe to use every time a mishap comes along.  Yes you can still get pregnant, pulling out is not a sure way of birth control. There is seman present even before he ejaculates, so if he doesn't want to ues condoms then you should look into some kind of brith control. Take charge of your body and brith control.   Dude, I hear you  but ya gotta use them. They're way too important not to. So here, try this  use polyurethane condoms and see if that makes a difference. Also, m ake sure you use something like Man1 Man Oil; I use it and it keeps my tool itch-free, which is kinda amazing considering how my tool used to be.  Contraception for men is not covered by the law. The requirement to provide contraception at no additional cost applies only to women.  I don't know how to edit the post, but, her doctor had her take the pill right away too. Not on her first day of her period or the sunday after. Just had her start it in the middle of the week.  No I didn't. I got her Plan B just be safe,  It is not likely. During an abortion they scraped everything from the vagina so any semen still there would have been removed, and she would not have ovulated at that time because her body still thought it was pregnant. Best thing for her to do is see her doctor.  50/50    Hi If you think your b/f is leaking urine during sex, first have noticed him or has said that he leaks urine at any other time? If so its his sphincter muscle at the base of his penis its gone weak, doing kegels will help strengthen it up, just go to www.pegym.com and look under exercises your find them there, he needs to do the reverse ones as well, it wont take long to re-strengthen it back to normal. Doing these will also help him when ejaculating, so there something all men should do through there lives. UTI's are not something that transfers between people when having sex. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi There is depo shot, but it can have some bad side effects, if she goes that way, tell her she really needs to read about the side effects, you can google that. There is a NovaRing that fits inside the vagina, its in there for 3 weeks, take out for a week, then in goes a new one. Its either these or what you have said, or she try's a new brand of pill, but after this long on one pill, it would be a good idea for her to take a break, this would give her body a chance to reboot, get things working again, so try being for her for say 6 months, it is her body, she is not just your sex toy. So use some condoms, and be the man, its only a short time. Good Luck  Ok its possible to get a missed period, with out worrying, it happens. The yeast infection and the antibiotics your have been on, there could be a link to the missed period, this would depend on your medical history. Next time your on antibiotics try taken yogurt each day your on the, should stop the yeast infections, if you do get a yeast infection try warm sea salt baths and just let the water get inside your vagina, for more info just google sea salt and yeast infection. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The idea of being on BC is to stop you getting pregnant, and the thought of using a condom would be to stop STIs or STDs. But they say the first day of your first missed period is the best time. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi That's so simple all you have to do is google this, bc pills online Your find all you want delivered to your door, but try talking to somebody to which would be best for you, single or double hormone, on do some online research, or try some off the forums. lots of help if you look. Hope this helps you. Good Luck PS See if you have a mothers clinic near by, it could help you even if its just talking, you do need to look after your body, you come on here to ask, so your half way there.  Hi, If you think about its one way in and one way out, so not lost as such, just missing, so you need to have a good root around, get your boyfriend to help, it was his in the first place, but try having fun doing it, just hope he did not ejaculate in it, if so you have a 72hour window to use plan B from the time you lost it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck Hunting  Hi 3 days before your period is not the time to get pregnant, now having sex around day 12 now then you would have to worry, so think back did you have unprotected sex then, by the way day 12 would be 12 days from the beginning of your last period.OK But your on the BC pill yes? Did you know that the BC pill is only 99% protective, so do you think your in the 1%? It could be that your just having a skipped period, it happens, but if you doubt this get to your doctor a have a pregnancy test done, nothing like being spot on. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi How lucky you are , you have a girl friend who can ejeculate , and yes it can be white, or clear, it can change from time to time. If she is really good at this you mat find that you may need to a towel under you for sex, so times they can get really wet. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I would go see your doctor about this problem, but going on the BC pill could be a real help for you as this would help control your periods a lot better. But see you doctor ASAP Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi To this the book goes two ways one says no, the other says some women can get pregnant from having unprotected sex any time of the month even if just before a period. Sorry you will need to wait, see if you get your next period, if you miss it then would be the time for a test. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi To this the book goes two ways one says no, the other says some women can get pregnant from having unprotected sex any time of the month even if just before a period. Sorry you will need to wait, see if you get your next period, if you miss it then would be the time for a test. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi But did you not say that your on the BC pill, BC stands for birth control, of which I think is about 99,5% wont get you pregnant. Well in another two weeks get your self tested. If you was that worried why did you not use a plan B, to late now though. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, I think your leukocytes points to a UTI, your other symptoms may just have been mild flu or a cold, or you worrying. But if your really worried, then get your self off to your local STD/GUM Clinic, and get yourself tested. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, It seems somehow a yeast infection is being set up when you have condom free sex, so it sounds like you prefer it that way. So were do we go and what can you do, ok you could read through these sites, these are for getting rid of persistent yeast infections. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html http://www.naturecures.co.uk/fungi.htm http://www.midwiferytoday.com/articles/garlic.asp Just copy each one into google to open, if you cant get them to open try without the first two bits, being the http://www. Also google these garlic or sea salt or boric acid for yeast infection. If its not showing in tests just do a blitz to see if it goes. Do hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi, With luck you should be on the right side of not getting pregnant, but some would say there's never a right side, as there is always that chance, so if this was within the 72 hour window, then yes do take Plan B to be on the safe side. But for your own good, you should get on some form of BC, either the pill, IUD, the implant, the cap or the ring, there's lots of options. Just remember safe sex is best. Good Luck  Hi This piece of info which should help you answer your problem A woman's period blood colours and textures may vary during various stages of life and during times when certain conditions may interfere with the normal cycle. Here is a discussion of normal and abnormal conditions, which may affect the characteristics of one's periods. Slippery, jelly-like: Slippery blood that is jelly-like may be blood that is mixed with mucus from the cervix. Cervical mucus is normally present in your vagina, and when mixed with menstrual flow that is light, it may give a slippery gel-like texture. This can also occur with bowel movements when cervical mucus flows from the vagina. Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi First as they was not used for some time, bugs do die after time and not that long, see most of these when they dry they die. Second and as you have not had any adverse reactions then your OK Just relax and enjoy life. Good Luck PS If your still curious about sex toys, have a good read on www.dodsonandross.com there is a section down the left hand side all about sex toys, but please don't forget lots of lubrication, see lubrication and sex toys is the name of the game, OK  Hi Yes it can happen, if your late now's the time to do either an HPT or do a test at your doctors. But this could something to do with the hormones from BC doing this, or it could be just a skipped period, getting one of these can throw women at times if you have never had one. If you can think back just how many times before sex on the 25/6, did you have unprotected sex then? if you can work it out from the first day of you last period, see sex 4 days before day 14 could have done it, that was unprotected. Hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi Do your test tomorrow, then come back through your question with the answer, Then you will have a clearer picture. Good Luck  Hi Try this, get a pack of condoms and suck on one, if you get the same reaction, then you will know what to do? I don't think I have to spell it out. One last thing is this before he ejaculates, or after, if its before then up top, if its after it could be his sperm, as he been put on any meds since this started? or it could be that his sperm has gone acidic, if that's the case then he needs to get looked at. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, So just why are you on BC? its not so you don't get pregnant? yes, so why the condom and why are you here, its like you need some extra, extra protection. The chances of getting pregnant why on BC is like 1.5 % or lower. Just enjoy your sex life and try to worry just a little less, your on BC, if need be just use some spermicide, it would be far better. Good Luck  Hi, In the first year after the implant is fitted, your periods may become irregular, lighter, heavier or longer. This usually settles down after the first year. A common side effect of the implant is that your periods stop (amenorrhoea). It's not harmful, and it seems to trigger some bleeding that is dark brown . Your periods may change significantly while using a contraceptive implant. Around 20% of women using the implant will have no bleeding, and almost 50% will have infrequent or prolonged bleeding. Bleeding patterns are likely to remain irregular, although they may settle down after the first year. Although these changes are not harmful, they may not be acceptable for some women. Your GP may be able to help by providing additional medication if you have prolonged bleeding. But If you think hour still having problems, please see your doctor. Do hope this has helped you. Good Luck  Hi, Well Jimmyboy, its all a part of growing up, sounds like you may have strained your self having to much sex and oral sex,, that's why your groin achs. As for feeling a bit off, I would put that down to you worrying to much, its all to do with anxiety and the depression your putting on your self. But if your really worried that you may have picked up something in the way of an STI or STD just wait till four weeks have passed, then get to an STD/GUM Clinic and get some tests done, but you will have to wait. But please just relax forget all these nasty thoughts your having, try thinking how at the time all the lovely sex you was having and how you enjoyed what you was doing, yes think of the happy side of life, it will make you feel good. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just done a bit more searching , whats below come from this site, www.urologyhealth .org Can a change in diet or herbal remedies prevent or cure a yeast infection? Scientists do not know why fungal infections develop in some individuals and not others. They also are not sure just how diet might impact the problem or herbal remedies help it. But they do know that diabetic patients have an increased vulnerability to these infections, leading them to suggest that anyone diagnosed with diabetes should avoid high carbohydrate diets. Yogurt may provide normal microorganisms for the genitourinary tract, so many advocate it as a preventative measure or treatment of yeast infections. A few of things I forgot, keep out of jeans and slacks, same with tights, wear just lose cotton knickers, go without when you can and shave off your pubic hair, this last bit is because YI dose love a nice warm moist area to live in, so without any hair you could shut the door to them. And this last bit is from www.yeastinfection.org 3. Those Suffering A Long Time: If youre in the third group, youve been suffering for a very long time, ten years or more. It feels like youve tried everything under the sun and youve probably spent hundreds, maybe even thousands, of dollars on products that just dont work. Youve lost a ton of money and, sadly, a huge chunk of your life. Ive seen many patients like this over the years and have built my reputation on turning many of these cases around. Its what gets me up in the morning and makes me feel excited to be able to give people the opportunity to achieve amazing results at their own hands, with the right information and encouragement. If you are in the group of people who hasnt had a diagnosis, you probably think Im making this up; or at least fluffing up the details a bit. The truth, though, is that Ive spent the past 25 years of my career as a naturopathic physician talking to thousands of people who feel like their lives have been ruined. These are just a few of the stories Ive heard. I wasnt kidding when I said Ive heard countless stories just like this  from men and women alike. When a Candida overgrowth gets to the point where its wreaking havoc with your entire body, you may ultimately become so ill and beat that you just cant seem to function. Its difficult to work because you constantly feel fuzzy headed , anxious and depressed , sick to your stomach , and sensitive to just about any food , chemical , or toxin you come into contact with. Its not just adults who are too sick to build their careers, further their educations, or have fun with family and friends, either. A number of the parents Ive worked with have brought their children to see me. In some cases, I can trace the path of Candida in children all the way back to birth. During the birthing process, when a baby should be getting nutrients and good bacterial flora from his mother, these children contracted yeast instead. Instead of growing stronger, they remained compromised as their condition worsened with age. And when they became unwell, what would the doctor prescribe? You guessed it, more antibiotics. These may help as well. Good Luck  Hi If he has sperm in his urine, the he has retrograde ejaculations, this means when he ejaculates it goes backwards into his bladder at the point of orgasm, if he thinks this what is happening, then he should see his doctor ASAP. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Coming off depo shot, it can take a long time before she comes back to being normal, google coming off depo shoot and getting period back, should throw up all the answers your looking for, but if I remember right can take some time with some women before getting back to normal, anything up to 2 years. Good Luck  Hi If it was a week before, ok toss a coin time, fact some women can get pregnant from any time of the month, others it has to right day hour minute and so on. But please remember it takes male sperm 3 days to reach an egg if one was there, but if the condom was hanging out a bit, then the chances are very slim. All you can do is wait to see if you miss your next period, and if you do then get an HPT or do a test at your doctors, but then it could be from stress of waiting that you miss your period. All part of the game. Good Luck  Hi, Look I know its just 1%, but there are thousands of women on BC and never use condoms, and never get pregnant, I suppose they just like the security it gives them with there own partners, perhaps its about time you did the same thing then. OK something that may help withy the pill taken, like most do you have a mobile phone, and they all have alarms, so use yours for you pill taken and stick to it, this way you should not miss a pill? But the idea of BC pills is so you don't have the worry of condoms. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think this could or not be the answer your looking for. I was treated for chlamydia. When can I have sex again? You should not have sex again until you and your sex partner(s) have completed treatment. If your doctor prescribes a single dose of medication, you should wait seven days after taking the medicine before having sex. If your doctor prescribes a medicine for you to take for seven days, you should wait until you have taken all of the doses before having sex. See No sex till you finish your treatment, then you can let rip on him. Whoopee Good Luck  Hi This is the answer from plan B site that I think suits your situation. Yes. Emergency contraceptive pills (also called "morning after pills" or "day after pills") only protect against pregnancy when you take them after sex. That means you can still get pregnant if you take emergency contraception and then have sex again without using another kind of contraception or your birth control fails. If you still dont want to get pregnant, you will need to take emergency contraceptive pills again. (Although emergency contraceptive pills would probably still protect you if you had sex immediately after taking them, there is no research to show how long they would work.) Some women find they need emergency contraception more than once because they havent found a regular type of birth control that fits their health and lifestyle needs. To find out more about which contraceptives might work best for you, click here. And be sure to talk to your health care provider if you are having any problems with your birth control. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well if your that worried then get her tested, her doctor would be best. But if OK then now is the time to get her on BC, pills the cap IUD but not deop shot, to many bad side effects. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Bet that felt good, it always will do. But now you feeling the down side of worry? Yes that's why your here, ok look all you can do is sit back try and relax, and wait to see if you miss your next period. What a pity your should have come here last week and you would have been told Plan B will help you, but not now. So please just wait. Good Luck  Hi I think if you was pregnant that you would be showing by now, have you not done any kind of tests yet? even just an HPT, but best would be with your doctor. But with PCOS, having no periods, is a side effect, and getting pregnant is a very hard thing. So please get tested, before you break your heart. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Just wait it could be a hic-cup with your period, it is possible to miss one here and there, just missing one does not mean your pregnant, it could also be from having anal sex, it just upset your system if it was you first time, but next time use some KY jelly, your find the slip a lot better. Go to www.dodsonandross.com on the if you look down the left hand side you will see anal sex, give this a good read you may find some help. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK lets start form the beginning, you were a virgin who's on the pill, well done You have sex for the first time and the guy wore a condom, now that's called double safe, he ejaculated in the condom? yes. Then for that I would say your not pregnant. Now this cloudy discharge, ok is this in your urine or from your vagina? If its from your vagina, it could just be a yeast infection, now if this comes with a fishy smell its BV (bacterial vaginosis) so you can either see your doctor for meds, or you can try the sea salt way, for this you just have a couple of baths a day with a couple of handfuls of sea salt in it, you let the water get inside your vagina, you can google bv and sea salt for more info. Do hope this helps you and your nerves. Good Luck  Hi If you're taking progestin-only pills it is crucial that you take the pill at the same time every day. Taking it three hours later than usual may make it ineffective and you will need to use a back up method for at least 48 hours. "Missing" means you forget to take your pill for 24 hours or you never take it at all. In some cases, your doctor may have been right to tell you that you're unprotected for that month, but it depends on the week and the type of pill. For combination pills (pills that have both estrogen and progestin), if you miss one pill during week one, you should use backup for at least 7 days (assuming you take the "missed" pill as soon as your remember, even if it means taking two pills at once). During weeks two, three, and four, you may not need backup if you take the pill once you remember, however this can vary by brand. At any point in your cycle, miss two or more pills and you'll probably need backup. Confused yet? It's important that you read the label on your pill very carefully and, if you're in doubt, use condoms or other back up. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So how long ago did you have it, they last between 3 to 5 years depending on which one you had? There effective about 99% of the time, so having unprotected sex with you guy ejaculating inside you would or should be OK But if you think you have symptoms of pregnancy, and still getting your periods, if you miss your next one then that would be the time to get a test done, either an HPT or do a test at your doctors. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just a couple of questions. Do you know just where you were through your cycle? Was you past day 14? After taken Plan B did you have a short bleed? Just answer through answer this Above. PS There a 5% chance of getting pregnant when taken Plan B. If you had a short bleed this could be why your late.  Hi As you have not said how long you were on it, and how long, if you are having periods, do you have your periods back yet?, but even if you not on depo, you can skip a period. Do this help. Good Luck  Hi So if this was as you say your ovulation day, then you should be OK Reason any sperm inside you would take 3 days to reach your womb, and you egg at best would only last 2 days. With you worrying you could have brought on some kind of phantom signs of pregnancy. But if you miss you next period, do get tested OK Good Luck  Hi Seems you have done the right thing, but it could be stress causing her to be late or even missing a period, or it could that she is just missing her period, some women can do this and yes, it does cause worries. Look all two of you can do is wait. Have you thought of doing an HPT, just to see? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Unfortunately the is yes you could be pregnant, its one of those quirks of nature, But in a few days you should be able to test yourself with a test kit. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, Yes you do need some kind of BC, but have you been through the menopause yet? I would get an blood test done, this would tell from your hormones. Reason have had this procedure you may have gone through the menopause without knowing it, if that's the case you would not need BC. But after having this procedure cant see how periods would start up the again. Read this link, http://www.webmd.com/women/endometrial-ablation-16200 Its down the bottom of this that may help you. So get checked out first, all for your own good. Good Luck  Hi If it was plan B or something like that, then things should be OK. Good Luck  Ok They do say its best to take a regular time, but missing a day is a bigger no,no. Look try this its quite simple thing to do, like most of us these days you have a mobile phone? Yes, even if its one you cant afford to use, they all have alarms built in to them, then just set that at your required time to take the pill, this should work. But as your using condoms as well, you should not having any problems. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Could be something or nothing. But if you thinking pregnancy, you will have to wait to see if you miss your next period, so you can do a test, either an HPT or at your doctors. If that's what you want? Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Plan B has a 72 hour window, this you have missed, so for you its a waiting game, till your next period, if it dose not come then that would be the time to get tested, either HPT or your doctor. That would be the time to think of what you want to do next? Good Luck  Hi First just when did he ejaculate inside you, like how many days ago, it could be just a skipped period, do you know if the patch can do that? Suggest you find info on the patch, read all about it, do some research, just what are the side effects, what are the chances of getting pregnant, why on it, and so on. But give it a few more days if it has not happened do an HPT or go to your doctor for one. Good Luck  Hi, No its a sign you have a cyst on your ovary. Get a hold of your self, so you had sex, he wore a condom, and he never ejaculated in it, so think back to your sex ED class's, I take it you had some? boy meets girl, they have unprotected sex, the male sperm travels up the vaginal cannel and meets the girls egg, and hay presto all being well she has a baby,. But you had protected sex, and he did not ejaculate, so the answer is, I don't think you are pregnant. Do hope this calms you down. Good Luck, have a nice mas  Hi As you have not said what STD you think it is, have a look at this list or just get to an STD/GUM Clinic and ask them, its what they are there for. Chlamydia - anytime from 1 week to 3 weeks Gonorrhea - anytime from 2 days to 30 Syphilis - anytime from 10 days to 3 months Herpes  anytime from 2 weeks to 3 months Hepatitis B  anytime from 3 weeks to 2 months Hepatitis C  anytime up to 6 months HIV  anytime from 4 weeks to 3 months - See more at: http://www.healthcentral.com/sexual-health/c/1443/159978/frequently-questions/#sthash.tZ9UtGZ1.dpuf Do Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes condoms would help as long as there was no touching before you put one on, otherwise it would transfer vie your hand. Good Luck  Hi See answer above.  Hi Well Have you thought of seeing your doctor, get a test done there, and have an exam. It could be you getting sexually active, its just given your system a jolt, and skipping a couple of periods, your could be stressed, is your weight low or high, do you exercise a lot, these are some of the reasons your missing a period. Could even be your BC playing up. Hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi F, Well it seems you have done the right thing by using condoms, the only way the fail is dryness, as long as you g/f is a lucky lady and stays wet you should be OK, and she's on the BC pill as well, double protestion then, so cant see why your so worried then. If she miss's her period, then is the time to worry, but if she does miss her period you the do HPT, and hope it does not turn blue. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Is this your g/f or a street hooker? if its a hooker, then don't od it, if its your g/f and you have been with her for sometime and know a lot about her, and if she has been sexually active with other men, if not and your the only one, things are good then, then time to put your worries away and go for it. Most women get good orgasms from oral sex, once you get the hang of it, but if like a lot of men sometimes we break the small piece of skin behind out tongue's, its ok we all do it, its just gets a little sore, dose not mean you have an STD. Hope all the info helps. Good Luck  Hi If she says she finished with him? easy just take her phone away from her and throw it down the toilet, and tell her she cant have a new one. S**t or bust. Good Luck  Hi Well if he went back in the second time after ejaculating, then there would have been sperm in is urethra, and bingo you could now pregnant, if you have missed your period? then get a test done either an HPT or at your doctors. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Reading round some the sites that cover what you want to have done, for some seems its a very good thing to have done, even with the backing of a PCOS specialist. So should help you. Good Luck  Hi Coconut oil is a good choice but try the extra virgin, or almond oil this is recommended by Dr Betty Dodson, if these don't affect you there's good old baby oil, and olive oil if your in the kitchen for kitchen sex. Just enjoy your sex life. Good Luck  Hi Unless you need condoms for safe sex ro for BC? The go to www.pegym.com look under exercises for edging, its a very simple exercise to help you last longer without anything else, you can even get your g/f or wife to help do it, that brings this into the bedroom either as fore play, get it right and your be free of PE. Also try kegels why your there on site under the same page or pages, this will help you pump more blood into your penis and help with ejaculations, it dose work. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You have ingrowing hairs, and there no problem abut itch like crazy, now what you need to do is this, open each one with a clean needle, inside you should see the hair, just flick it our and pluck it, the same with all of them,, within 24 hours they should be heal up and no itching, OK the reason this has happened is because you shaved the wrong way, looking for the nice clean stubble free shave? Yes, well you have now learnt something, and this happened because you shaved the wrong way, you only shave the way the hair grows. I shave most days and have done for over 30 years, and like you did get this tell somebody put me right many, many years ago, so just passing on the info. From now on Happy Shaving. Good Luck  Hi Sorry for your problem, I think it would be safe for you to have sex when ever you fill your up to it, for my wife it was when she got home. But take it slowly, use lots of lubrication, see how it fills, and take it form there, but having sex after birth, I know they give advice, but end of the day, its your body, and its how you fill, so if you fill your up to it, go for it. But slowly Do hope this helps you and your husband. Good Luck  Hi Sorry forgot the last part of your question, you need to wait for your periods to get back in sinque, for a couple of months, and when you fill you ready to go again, that's the time. Good Luck  Hi There is a little exercise called edging, very good for you problem. for info on this just google prgym, look under exercises, this is not a quick fix, once you get this working you may just need to do it a couple of times a week to keep it working. Good Luck  Hi, Well at least he was wearing a condom, just because it broke would not mean he got infected with HIV, but he should go and get tested, and that would be the important thing, if nothing else. Best thing would be to get to an STD/GUM Clinic and get tested. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes its a big concern, the last thing you want trying for safe sex is your condom to fall mid coitus. and very embarrassing. the problem is if your a bit on the small side, I think you can now bye condoms in sizes, see what you can find. but have a look at this link, it may just help you. Good Luck http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tnerw_T-gWU  Hi, You could be in some kind of latex shock, except they say there is not one, but for the swelling, use some crushed ice in a bag, just keep it on your vagina for 20 minutes, at a time, this should reduce your swelling. And next time you have sex get yourself some latex free condoms. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, You have two choices, one you believe him and just forget it, wreck the relationship you have, all over a very old condom. Or you persue the whole thing and still end up with nothing but some memories, and a very old used condom. Ball's in your park. You need to think about it. Good Luck  Hi Look to save your self from going mad over this, just go to and STD/GUM Clinic, if you have one, if not see a good doctor who works in this field, then get your self tested for STDs or any STIs, this will stop you having all these thought of STDs and STIs. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try having a look on www.dodsonandross.com you may find some info on there, or post6 to DR Betty Dodson she may have something up her sleeve to help you, but without full vaginal intercourse, its down to oral, mutual masturbating or anal sex, your find all the info you need for all 3 on Dodson and ross site, lots on info on the sex, your find quite interesting, lots to read. Do hope this helps you and your man, your find its a long and bumpy road, marriage that is, but getting sex right, your there. Good Luck to you both.  Hi Yes you can get a false negative and a false positive, so just go get retested at a STD/GUM Clinic, the staff thee are very good at there job, and there you can ask all the questions you want and they don't discriminate, Good Luck  Hi There is a very simple exercise called edging, ok you will find how to , by going to www.pegym.com under just look under exercises think its page 2, also look up kegels, these will help as well with pumping some extra blood down you penis and help with ejaculating. Do hope these help you. Good Luck  Hi Being really constipated dose not help trying to get round your symptoms, I take it your b/f is on the larger size with some extra length, then yes hitting your cervix would happen. So when it comes to sex you really need to find positions that wont do that to you, pink spotting could be from that if was say doggy style. I think it would be best if you got something over the counter that would clean you out, and take it from there. If you have one see your gyno. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, Your saying that you bleed after sex, when you have sex do you have plenty of foreplay before you engage in sex, if your vagina is not prepared for sex by having your juices flowing, then your bleeding could be coming from small tears inside your vagina, the best thing you could do is use extra lubrication, there are lots of sex oils on the market. But BC could help control your hormone's, and perhaps give a better trouble free sex life. If your have a regular sex partner, and he's clean from STDs, you should be able to do away with condoms then, it could be these that give you , your bleeding problems. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, So when was this?  Hi If I'm right you will have to wait 8 weeks for a test, but get in touch with you local STD/GUM Clinic, they will tell you, or you could go for a visit and let them have a look, it would he calm you down either way. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK you may be alright, well he may be, if all the times you have had sex, and it was always with a condom on, then he may be OK As long as he has no burning in his urethra and he is not getting a whit discharge, then he's OK Look tric can stay hidden deep inside your body, could have been there for a few years. Do hope this helps you, and your man. Good Luck  Hi Then if its longer than 2 weeks then now would be a good time, or you could try your doctor. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Lets start at the top, you say condoms give you a UTI, have you tried latex free condoms, it could be the latex giving you the problem? Migraines I think your find that sex is good way of relaxing, being relaxed should help hold back the migraines? Depression, try this, google natural ways out of depression, it may help you, that way you could kick the drugs, that would mean less drugs in your body. So berth control, leaves an IUD, the Dutch cap, or the rhythm method, the last one is not that good if he gets it wrong, to be honest its one thing I have never tried, as they say at the point of ejaculation, with draw your penis, but that's the best it, and most of you women love that bit. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK its toss a coin time, some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month, and that's a fact. Ok sperm in pre-cum, this would depend on if he ejaculated some time before and had not urinated, which would have left sperm in the urethra, its the only way you could have got some of his sperm. So with that little bit of info, does it help. Do hope it helps you and your guy. Good L:uck  Hi So out of what ever meds your on, can you identify which med it is? if you can then just ask you doctor to put your another brand, or something that can do the same job, it can be done, even if it means adjusting the rest of your meds. But if you mucus is being upset, this could lead to other problems like yeast infections, and these can get very bad just one after another one, and that would not be fun. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Worried, look if your worried, then don't have sex and tell him why, just tell him your don't feel ready yet, and leave it at that. But if your feeling any dryness just get yourself some water based lubrication, this will help, if you think its coming back try the sea salt way to recover, you just put two handfuls of sea salt in a warm bath, when you in it let the water get inside your vagina, do this twice a day for a week. If you would like more info just google sea salt and thrush. But please never have sex till you feel right in body and mind, its best for you. Good Luck  Hi If you read up about it, you would have found that its between 72 and 120 hours, here's a link you can read, http://www.plannedparenthood.org/health-topics/emergency-contraception-morning-after-pill-4363.asp But if having regular sex, and your not interested in getting pregnant, then you should either be on the pill, I would love to say depo shot, but it can have some really bad side effects with some women, you can google that for more info. You could try the cap, or if you must keep using second rate condoms then use some spermicide with them. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi And do you remember that condoms are only 98% safe. Do you own a mobile phone? if yes, then use the alarm as you wake up call to take you BC, so simple. But did just continue to take you BC as normal or have you stopped, then that was the wrong thing to do, you should have just rolled over as norm, you could just be having a skipped period, it happens as you go through life. If your still worried the get a test done, either an HPT or get to your doctor. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, No it should decrease your problem, but then can work the other way, reason some women can get pregnant from any time of the month, now your worried, so why when this happened did you not think of plan B? Do you think its about time you thought of birth control, or better known as the pill, as this would save you all your worries. Good Luck  Hi, Yes, reason there would have been sperm still in your urethra, and these would have got out, it only takes one of our men to get a women pregnant, and this would depend on the time of her cycle or in some cases not. If she's not pregnant. next time either get her on the BC pill, or just get extra condoms. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi 2% your find if you read condom packets they say condoms are only 98% proof of not getting pregnant. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi this could be from the mucus inside her vagina, I would suggest that she has a simple test done at her doctors, could be that its high in acid. Hence you get a rash. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If this was around 4 weeks ago, then you could now get tested, just get to your local STD/GUM Clinic and see the staff there they will help you and get you tested. Best to be safe than sorry Good Luck  Hi 2%, just read condom packets, they state condoms are only 98% proof of not getting pregnant, its that 2% can give the lump you did not want. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi So what is it your looking for then, but that the idea of spermicidal condoms, they give you that bit extra protection. But if she has a 28 day cycle, then day 21 should be her ovulation day. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi It could be possible, but sperm that's been in your mouth the acids in your mouth could kill it, but then this was straight after your period? But then chuck in that some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month, its a bit of a mine field. Just one last thing, have you done an HPT? or had a doctor do a pregnancy test? Or it could be just a skipped period, it does happen. Things to think about. Good Luck  Hi Look The best thing you could do, is get yourself to an STD/GUM Clinic, and get yourself tested. You do have a couple of things that do match up. Best advice. Good Luck  Hi you will find that your, periods may change significantly while using a contraceptive implant. Around 20% of women using the implant will have no bleeding, and almost 50% will have infrequent or prolonged bleeding. Bleeding patterns are likely to remain irregular, although they may settle down after the first year. And breast tenderness is also a side effect. So this saves you a visit to anybody, are but did you think of the free mothers clinic? But all your answers come from the UKs NHS. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Some symptoms in men don't show, like tric, chlamydia or gonorrhoea and the last one can hide in tests. Sorry but if he wont go and get tested please find another guy, but a clean one, if you have not been tested do so and soon, you just need to go to an STD/GUM Clinic to get tested, the staff are helpful. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well that's the idea of it, sex without condoms and not getting pregnant. The best time for sex one is when you set aside what would be a good time for you and your guy, its nice to have a special time once a week. But don't forget to be spontaneous, its these ones that are best, and do it were you are, as long as its not in the middle of the super market, but around the house try all the rooms, if you have one? the garden, if you have a pool even there. But first thing in the morning gives a nice start to the day, and at bedtime, sex cuddle and sleep, it will give you a good nights sleep, and as you get older, just don't stop, it just gets better as we age. Do hope this helps you and your sex life. Good Luck  Hi when you last had a check up, did he/her do an internal?, in some research, for one thing your not alone, two things come up one is a weak pelvic floor and the second is some kind of prolapse, on offence but its an aging thing, as we get older things start to give, in both women and men. So you cold try putting yourself on doing some kegels, just google kegels, but also find out how to do them in reverse as well, so google reverse kegels as well. Do hope these help you problem. Good Luck  Hi Just doing some reading on www.dodsonandross.com have a good read of this link, your see why its all the exercise you need in one place. http://dodsonandross.com/sexfeature/how-use-bettys-vaginal-barbell Just copy into to the end of Dodson to open and read. Do hope its of some help. Good Luck  Hi If your not on any BC apart from condoms, then you have been playing with fire, male sperm can be carried in pre-cum if you husband had ejaculated before having sex, his sperm would be in his urethra, and if you were having sex twice in the same night, the again same thing. All you can do is wait to see if your next period is missed and get a test done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Having unprotected sex anytime is always a danger if you do not know the person, STDs and STIs can pop up anytime. But sounds like you did the right thing. If you r that worried get your self off to an STD/GUM Clinic and get yourself tested, that's about all you can do. But it needs to be about 4 weeks after you had sex. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Could be her period coming early, but it would have been to late in her cycle to get pregnant, if you understand the cycle that is. But unprotected sex 4 days before day 14 would get her pregnant, day 14 is ovulation day or the day her egg drops. OK Good Luck PS Look don't play with sex, or she will get pregnant, get her to get or some kind of BC, the pill, the implant, the ring, the cap or IUD. But no to depo shot, just to many side effects. OK  You probably are paranoid if the test are negative, however a female can still have a period while pregnant. This is a result of very low HCG counts. If a female has periods and negative test without any other symptoms she is probably not pregnant but if the other symptoms appear sore breast, enlarged abdomen, nausea and vomiting etc then the blood test are advised and next a vaginal ultrasound.  First off, consult a doctor for a std screening. Secondly, one of your partners, most likely one of the two who gave you a blowjob, may have had a virus or infection in their mouth.  No....condoms don't cause yeast. Yeast is an "opportunistic organism" that is present in our environment. When yeast finds a warm, dark, moist place to take up residence (like a vagina, a diapered area, etc.), it can take hold. Yeast....happens.  Anytime that you have unprotected sex and are inconsistent with your birth control pills, the possibility of pregnancy exists. Remember that your body is designed to get pregnant; not to prevent it. While the pill offers you excellent protection, you are not being very compliant. Unless you get better and taking them, you may want to consider a contraceptive method that does not require daily pills.  Yes, unfortunately, there are viable sperm in the seminal secretions the occur before ejaculations, to the possibility of pregnancy exists. When a condom breaks, your girlfriend has the option of taking the "morning after" pill....or you will both need to sweat it out and see if she has her normal menstrual period.  Some facts: 1. Herpes is not the only STD out there. 2. Condoms protect against STDs, like Chlamydia, gonorrhea, HIV, etc. 3. Both you and your boyfriend have had previous partners. It doesn't take much for either one of your to stray (even though you may pledge monogamy). All it takes is a bad argument sometimes... 4. Condoms are cheap. I vote that you continue to use condoms until both of you are 100% committed to an honest, permanent relationship, and you are 100% sure than neither one of you has any other type of latent STD that has not reared its ugly head.  You should not fail a drug test from your husband's marijuana use, however, there have been cases where second hand exposure to the smoke has tested positive in very sensitive lab tests. It would be best not to be around the smoke, but semen should not carry sufficient amounts of cannabis to cause a failed test.  You bet. Just look for latex-free condoms. If you can't find them on the shelves at the grocery store or pharmacy, just ask for them. You can also buy them on-line.  I can't answer that question.... The oral cavity can have herpes, Chlamydia, gonorrhea, and HPV. When you have random sexual contact, even orally, it is like playing Russian Roulette. I suspect this stripper has done the same act to others, probably in the same day, so basically, you are having sex with those people as well.I have no idea if you caught an STD or not, so you would need to be tested. You have done something very stupid. You are not a good boyfriend. How would you feel if your girlfriend did the same thing?? Go get tested and consider this experience a valuable lesson.  Birth control is called "birth control" because it prevents conception. There are many different types of birth control, so I am assuming you mean the oral contraceptive PILL. The pill is highly effective in preventing pregnancy, so you are good. By not using a condom, you are at risk for a sexually transmitted disease....another thing to worry about.  No, you will not get TSS from a piece of condom (most likely latex, not rubber). If there is a retained piece, it will not likely cause any problems, but you can carefully check with your finger, or use a gentle warm water douche to wash out any possible remnants.  If you lost this condom in a vagina, it can be found.  There are many different types of condoms, including non-latex ones. I think your boyfriend should use them, so find a brand that is compatible. Why? Condoms prevent STDs, not just pregnancy. If your boyfriend strays just one time, you will be at risk, and the same goes for you. You have a fight and break up; both of you may be vulnerable to a one-night stand. If or when you get back to together, either one of you could bring back an "unwanted gift" of an STD. Yes, you are probably well-covered for pregnancy, assuming you take your pills correctly, but having that extra margin of safety would seem to be worth it.  Try a different brand of condom. Some are thicker and less sensitive than others. Have a condom on during foreplay and get used to it. If you are losing your erection, just relax and allow your partner to help you out. It will most likely come back. They always do..... As you may know, there is nothing physically wrong with you or your condom use. This is just psychological. With a caring and understanding partner, your sexual exploits can last longer and actually be more interesting by repeatedly getting and losing an erection. Besides, there are many more ways to please your partner than with your penis. Don't stop using he condom (no matter what your confused brain is trying to tell you). Safe sexual practices are absolutely essential. Do not compromise.  There are plenty of potential side-effects of Depo Provera, but that does not mean you will get them. Before chosing any hormonal form of contraception, you need to see a medical provider or Planned Parenthood so you can learn about ALL of the available methods for YOU, and the one that would be best for YOU. You can read all about Depo Provera on-line. Your boyfriend should not be chosing your contraceptive method just because he does not like to use condoms. Condoms do more than just prevent unwanted pregnancies. They help prevent sexually-transmitted diseases....Depo doesn't do that. I vote that yoru boyfriend continues with those condoms until YOU decide the best contraceptive (and STD prevention) method for YOU.  The possibility would be highly remote.....relax.  Unfortunately, yes. There is always a small risk, even with condoms and even avoiding sex during an outbreak....it depends on the location of his herpes and the extent of your sexual activity. The risk is quite small, with these precautions, but it is not "zero"  The condom can cause an irritation, but so can the act of vaginal sex....especially for the first time.The redness or swollen area at the entrance to your vagina could be from some tiny tears along your hymen (assuming you still had one at the time you had sex for the first time) Burning on urination could be "cystitis", irritation and inflammation at the opening where you pee (used to be called "honeymoon cystitis" back in the days when the honeymoon was the first time a woman had sex), or even a urinary tract infection. Sexual activity can stir up a lot of germs in this area -- and germs can lead to a urinary or bladder infection. Germs can come from fingers, mouths (oral sex) as well as a penis. Now that you have chosen to be sexually involved, you have a responsibility to make adult-like decisions when it comes to your medical care. If you do have a urinary tract infection (burning on urination, frequency, urgency, or even blood when you wipe), this needs to be medically evaluated. A urine test will not reveal your recent sexual debut, so it is really up to you whether to disclose this information. A pelvic examination is not usually needed to make this diagnosis...only a simple urine test. My suggestion would be for you to get checked...just in case. Women and girls of all ages can get urinary infections, whether they are having sex or not. Obviously, infections are more common if you do have sex. I am pleased that you and your partner used a condom. Make sure you use them 100% of the time or urinary burning will be the least of your problems.  Remember that condoms do more than just contain semen so you will not have an unintended pregnancy. Condoms help protect against sexually-transmitted disease. If you are 100% sure of the sexual health and fidelity of your partner, you will find the Implanon to be a highly-effective contraceptive. You are not likely to get pregnant, even if this was your sole means of contraception.  As much as I would like to help you with your diagnostic dilemma, it is not possible to blindly determine the nature of yoru hand lump/blisters based solely on a description. This requires a hands-on medical examination -- obviously not something that can be accomplished over the Internet. There is really a high probability that this is an infection; one that may require antibiotics, so I would suggest that you seek medical evaluation as soon as you can.  No, Chlamydia is sexually-transmitted. You cannot get it from having a tattoo. You can get hepatitis B from an unclean tattoo facility, but not Chlamydia .  There is always a chance of an unintentional pregnancy when you practice unsafe sex. Period. Even though the chance may be small, it is not "zero". You may need to sweat it out for a few weeks to see if your partner has become pregnant or even consider having her use a "morning after" pill. If you and your partner lucked-out this time, make sure that this mindless act never happens again. I agree with you...it was a dumb thing to do. When a man thinks with his penis, and not his brain, all sorts of problems can occur....from an unintentional pregnancy or the transmission of a sexually-transmitted disease. Having strong sexually feelings and desires are normal for both of you, but please....please....please....be SMART. If you cannot abstain....if you cannot limit your sexual activity to non-genital contact..... then you must always use a condom and your partner should be using another form of contraception as back up (condoms can break or slip off, you know).  Are you having risky behavior? Most definitely. Do you have an STD/HIV risk because of these two incidents? Yes. I think you know that. Should you be STD/HIV tested? Yes. Are the tests accurate? The tests are good, but tests are rarely "100%" accurate. This is why conscious prevention is really your only protection. You are the only one who knows....for sure....of your sexual exposure(s). You do NOT know 100% of the sexual exposure of your partners. People lie about this all of the time, Jake. Sadly, men in particular, are know for their convincing ability for telling untruths. You need to protect yourself. YOU and you alone are in charge of your sexual activities. Your partner has a shared responsibility but may not have the same moral compass as you. Sex is enjoyable....nature has provided this gift for us, but sex is not worth risking your health, sleepless nights of worry, or even dying for. Period.  Any time that you have sex......without a condom, whether there is an ejaculation or not....is risky for an unintentional pregnancy. Plan B needs to be taking within 72 hours of unprotected sex, so five days is too late now. You have made TWO major mistakes: Allowing your male partner to have vaginal sex without a condom...even for a "few minutes" and even it "didn't feel good". And, waiting too long to use Plan B effectively. You need to be on a more effective contraceptive, like the birth control pill, AND you need to be more assertive when insisting on condom use. Give a horny guy a choice between sex ONLY with a condom or no sex at all....guess which one he will choose? It is a waiting game now. Hopefully, these careless acts will not result in an unintentional pregnancy for you (your boyfriend does not risk pregnancy, obviously).  It would not be likely to contract an STD in that way, but it would be wise to wash that blanket anyway....and have a long talk to your roommates about leaving used condoms lying around. Disgusting.  You are apparently trying to get pregnant since you are not using any form of contraception. Assuming your partner is capable of fathering a child, it should only be a matter of time, assuming you are capable of getting pregnant. These things, of course, cannot be determined over the Internet. Take a pregnancy test, but be prepared to repeat it in a week or so. You can also see your gynecologist for an exam or more sensitive pregnancy blood test. Since you are also have an array of symptoms that may or may not be related to a pregnancy, an exam would be highly recommended.  Not very likely, assuming the condoms remain intact and do not break and that you wear them for the entire time of sexual activity. Perhaps, your girlfriend should consider a second form of birth control, like the pill, just in case.  To be safe, you may need to take another morning after pill. The cycle of your menses will likely be altered since this is a hormone. If you do not want to get pregnant, you need to consider a better contraceptive method, and your partner needs to buy better condoms and use them properly. Condoms do not usually break like this, so a bit more care should be exercised in your sexual activity to limit these relatively-rare breakages. The morning after pill is an expensive way to prevent pregnancy, so think about using another method.  Of course. If your husband has herpes and you have NOT used a condom, you may have already been infected. Herpes is more contagious when the herpes lesions are fresh, but herpes can also be transmitted when there are not obvious lesions. If you have not shown any signs of herpes so far, and you have had unprotected intercourse, then you have been very fortunate. Using condoms will usually protect from genital herpes, assuming the lesions are typically contained on the part of the penis that is covered by a condom. Herpes can also break out on any groin area.  If you are concerned about pregnancy, this would be unlikely based on the information you have shared. As far as the post-coital bleeding is concerned, I really can't comment since I do not know anything about you or your medical history. It would not be possible for me to blindly guess at the reason, so please consult your medical provider if you are concerned or the bleeding persists.  When your partner has multiple other partners....and is pregnant, I would question her overall integrity. The ONLY way that you will know if you or someone else is the father of this child is to have an official paternity test.  A woman can theoretically become pregnant anytime she has unprotected sex, but in reality, there are only a few days per month that you can actually conceive. Based on what you have shared, you were not likely at at time of ovulation, and your sperm encounter was outside and not intravaginally. It would be highly unlikely that you would become pregnant in this event.  Just wait...and sweat it out a few more days. While the chance of an unintended pregnancy is not very high, you do seem to be aware that the leakage of semen may contain viable, baby-causing sperm....something you are trying to prevent. The birth control pill is highly effective. Adding the condom makes it even more effective. I suspect your girlfriend will have a normal period and not be pregnant, but try and be very, very careful. Remember that the only 100% way of preventing pregnancy is abstinence -- not having sex at all.  Sexual excitation leading to an ejaculation is controlled in the brain , not the penis. The fact that you can continue to have sexual activity after ejaculation is really good, so that first "fast one" is really not that problematic (other than changing condoms). Yes, there are some special techniques you can employ to postpone ejaculation if you have a cooperative partner. A little research on the Internet for "premature ejaculation techniques" would likely provide you will ample information. No, there are not special foods that will increase your sexual stimina, but if you eat a lot of garlic, your partner is unlikely to have sex with you at all!  Yes, you may be at risk. Having same sex anal intercourse without a condom puts you at risk if your partner has HIV. Unless you saw his negative test results and knew the test results of ALL of his past partners (and yours), then you only have his word. HIV can enter the body through micro-tears in the genital and anal area; ejaculation is not relevant. You will need to be tested, re-tested, and re-tested again.  Masturbation is not harmful, and will not affect your ability to achieve or maintain an erection during sex. If you are having these issues associate with sexual activity -- your first sexual activity -- this could just be "stage fright" or performance anxiety. While there can be organic reason why a person could not achieve an erection, the fact that you are not having a problem with masturbation proves that the blood supply to your penis is adequate, the nerves are working, and all systems are "go". If (and when) you find a caring partner, try to relax and allow Nature to take its course when it comes to sexual activity. If you are still having problems, you may need to see a counselor to help you through this anxiety-provoking event. Many fears run through a man's mind when first-having sex: Will I be able to perform? Will I please my partner? Will something happen that will embarrass me? Will I get an STD? Many things.... Let sex "happen". Don't be anyone but yourself.  Although condoms really help, herpes can be transmitted to any genital or oral surface, not just the penis that is covered by a condom. Herpetic lesions can occur on the area around the base of the penis, the testicles, the anal area, and certainly in or around the mouth/nose. When your girlfriend has active herpes, this is the most contagious period.  There are "natural ways" of contraception like the rhythm method or coitus interruptus (pulling out before ejaculation), but most people who practice these less-than-perfect methods end up being parents. Non-vaginal sex, like oral sex, mutual masturbation, etc. is effective but perhaps not enjoyable as good ol' fashioned intercourse. You can use a diaphragm or a cervical cap. Basically, you BOTH need to see a good gynecologist or visit Planned Parenthood for a consultation. Birth control pills, when properly prescribed, are safe. The do NOT have "high risks of side effects" like you believe. There are few natural ways of preventing pregnancy, since getting pregnant is really the natural way. Humans are designed to conceive; not to prevent pregnancy.  It is highly, highly unlikely that you could become pregnant after a tubal ligation, especially if you are using condoms as well.  My advice is for you to see a gynecologist to determine why your menses is delayed. There are hormonal ways of correcting this problem.  The birth control pill is highly effective in preventing pregnancy, so as long as you BOTH do not ever (now or in the future) violate your monogamous agreement, you can decide to give up condoms and withdrawal. If you both have had prior sexual partners and not had a prior STD, and are now testing negative, you are probably good to go. Remember that no birth control is 100% (unless it is abstinence and sterilization). The 98% or so effectiveness from birth control pills can be improved a bit by using condoms as well, but that will be your mutual choice.  Only sperm is needed to get you pregnant, but if you are on the Pill and consistently take it....AND use condoms every time, you are about as safe as you can be without being completely abstinent. If you are engaging in sexual play where your vagina is being exposed to semen (even before ejaculation), you have a very small risk of pregnancy, but remember that your birth control pills are very protective. Not 100%, but close.  Try a diaphragm or cervical cap.....you should use these with a contraceptive cream or jelly to optimize their effectiveness.  I am guessing, but the one who deposited the sperm is most likely the father, but I am no Jerry Springer. A condom is a darn good form of birth control IF...and this is a big IF, the condom is used properly before any sexual content. If not, either one could be your baby's father. If there is some question as to the parentage of your child, you will need to do have paternity testing.  You are not likely "losing testosterone" at 45. Based on what you have shared, I see nothing troublesome about your recent sexual escapades. Satisfied but weakened....nothing wrong with that. Keep it up (so to speak). Every man would benefit from a full physical examination, at least every few years. Have some diagnotic blood and urine tests, get your prostate examined, and even have a testosterone level if you would like. I am not sure why your testicles are hot when your urinate (not common) but this should be mentioned to your medical provider.  Use a condom, for Goodness sake! Stop playing sexual roulette with your girlfriend. You may be fine this time....I don't know....but it is only a matter of time before she will become pregnant. Maybe next time.... Viable sperm can be present in seminal fluid, and that sperm can remain alive for a week or so. While a woman can only become pregnant a few days a month, sperm do not understand that. Many will just wait around hoping that an egg (ovum) will appear. You will sleep better if you keep ALL of your penile emissions...the seminal fluid and your ejaculations well-contained in a condom. And, since you and your girlfriend are clearly having regular sex, she could benefit from using an effective form of contraception as well.  Hi there!! I'm using PERSONA, it is made by Unilever, and it's different from Babycomp because it does not use temperatura (which may vary a lot during your cycle), but urine tests to check for your hormonal levels. It takes a bit for it to get to know you, so it will ask you to restrain from sex (or use a barrier method) for more days during the first 1-3 months.. then you will probably get "red" (no sex) days about 3-7 times a month.  If you have any doubt of getting pregnant, you can use ipill within 36 hrs of having intercourse. Since that time has bared, Take pregnancy strip test for confirming about your pregnancy.  They say the odds are like 0.1%. Personally I lack faith in that since my oldest niece and my youngest son were conceived on birth control without missing any pills. But it is unlikely. But a condom is still important. Birth control does not protect from stds. So unless you know for a fact that your partner is free of all stds, its always best to use a condom.  No contraceptive method is 100% effective, so it is always advisable to take a pregnancy test if you think that you might be pregnant, regardless of the type of contraception you are currently using or have used in the past. It is best advisable to consult your gyno or use a home pregnancy test kit. Source : pharmacysell  Yeah, it's 100% sure. you can get pregnant. bcoz you had unprotected sex. if you don't want to keep it, you can take birth control pills. you can buy from chemist shop or online at  if you havent called your obgyn office then you should be fine, but it won't hurt to take a pregnancy test if u are still unsure. as long as you have been taking your pills at the same times everyday, using a condem, you shouldn't be pregnant.  http://youtu.be/dsjtAvCpDO4  The pull out method is NOT a method to use EVER! Because you are on the pill and have been faithfully taking it everyday at the same time, and you are not on any meds that could counteract it, you should be fine.  You can get herpes when there are no sores present. Your body can shed the virus without you having any symptoms or ulcers. There can be areas where the condom is not covering an area where he might have had an ulcer.  Slang terms include: love gloves, rubbers, Venus shirts, raincoats, and penis hats.  When was the date of your last menstrual period and what was the date of the sexual encounter?  Is this your first time taking birth control, and did you have a period during the first month of your pills? When in your cycle did you have unprotected sex? If it wasn't in the first month (first pack) of your pills it seems unlikely that you are pregnant, since most pills provide contraceptive protection after the first month. If you jumped from one pill pack into another (ie. 'skipping') to avoid a period, this can play with your cycle a bit. I would contact a physician, but if you didn't have unprotected sex in the first three weeks of your first pill pack, pregnancy is unlikely.  I have also had this problem and i am allergic to latex. I would strongly suggest using non latex condoms from now on. If it still continues to hurt to the point you dont want to urinate i would go to a gynecologist. Or the health department if you dont want your parents to find out.  I believe NO only during active out breaks they can be spread just like the common cold sore!!  While you are having vaginal bleeding and lower abdominal pain, I would let my body have a rest from sexual activity. There is always time for sex, but your health is the most important thing for you. Whenever you are having pain, your body is telling you something is wrong. Using the Plan B pill is not healthy for use as birth control, it should be used as an emergency measure. Let your body get in a regular cycle, then get on a birth control plan that you are comfortable with. Remember you can't have any type of enjoyment if you do not take care of your body. Snuggle up and get your health back. If he won't want, it tells you he would not be around if you get really ill. Good luck, get well.  hey I am experiencing the same thing at the moment.e and my ex partner had intercourse and he got the condom stuck up me and I had my fingers up me trying to pull it out and I could feel that it was there but feel as if I did not remove it at the time it happened and now that I look in this time its not there when I am thinking to myself and am pretty sure I didn't remove it at the time it happened and now I don't know how to remove it because it was in the time it happened.um if I think of anything I will let you know.  franger,jimmy  All 3 of my children have been concieved while having an IUD.  You could have experienced implantation bleeding, which almost seems like a period and happens between 5-8 days after conceiving. Not all women experience this but I would say take a test or go see your doctor and see if you could do a blood pregnancy test. Good luck!  There's no other way to contact genital warts but through sexual intercourse so someones either lying to you or the doctors wrong you said above your penis do you mean on the head around where your pee comes out or on your actual stomach sort of between your stomach and penis where your hair line is????  yes of course they could n yes they would more than likely have to be removed if i were u i would be rushing to the er  yes its normal your body is trying to adjust to the changes nothing to worry about  There really is no sure way of knowing without inspecting the blisters. However, because of the reddening of the skin, it leads me to believe you have an allergy. Keep in mind, an allergy can appear at any time. You could eat peanuts all your life, then one day, have a reaction. She could also have a yeast infection which has been passed on to you. It's rare for a male to get blisters from a transferred yeast infection, but it can happen. Yeast infections can be transferred during intercourse, but it isn't a true sexually transmitted disease. Women can get yeast infections from antibiotics or wearing panties that don't "breathe". And lastly, the reason I want you to go to the Dr. for inspection of the blisters...Herpes. Don't fly off the handle. I think this is the least likely. Also, keep in mind that herpes is not just transferred by intercourse. If she has a cold sore or "fever blister" on her mouth, she could've transmitted it to you via oral sex. Please don't automatically think your wife is cheating!!! Get an accurate diagnosis from your doctor before you even give it a first thought!!!!  I have been on BOTH forms of the pill in my life. Those that stop your period, and those that don't, and in my experience it takes up to a month for the ones that stop your period to actually stop your period, but that does not necessarily mean you aren't protected against pregnancy. Having a period does not mean you are ovulating. Plenty of women have normal periods but are not ovulating and thus cannot get pregnant. The pill works by tricking your body into thinking it is already pregnant, which stops FSH (follicle stimulating hormone) production. FSH is the hormone that causes ovulation (release of an egg from your ovary). Without ovulation, you cannot become pregnant. Sperm cannot penetrate the ovary and fertilize an egg that is still within a follicle.  NOHARD is right....you need to shave with the way the hair grows, not against it, please!!!  Thanks god.  0%  The most likely reason is that one of your previous sexual partners has not experienced the HPV infection (most women don't) and if you're not looking for them (regular physicals) there can be some that small that your doctor wouldn't see them with his/her eyes only. There is a tiny, tiny chance that you had a wart on your hands or some other part of the body that you cut and then spread the virus to your genitals (the doc told me that he sees this pretty much only when women shave and spread the virus with the razor because both sites have miniscule nics). But this is so unlikely that I would say it has to be your partners.  I meant to say that a lot of women have HPV but have no symptoms.  It may not be normal But it is OK. I have gone through the same procedure's, and yes it does take a while to have your period again. As for sex, I would have waited longer to have it, that could be a reason to as to why you have not had your period yet. I know they tell you at least 6 weeks, but It is best to wait a little longer. I would get on bc, rather then using MA. Or you will be in for another procedure. If your period has not started within a few more weeks, go in for a follow up.  I would have waited till the morning, that is why its a morning after pill. You should be fine with one pill, I have used it a few times in my life and have never ended up pregnant after taking this pill. Don't consume to much in a short period of time, its not good for you. they are only meant to be used every now and then, NOT every time after sex. Bc, or condom would be better. When you purchased the pill it should have came in a 2 pack you take one within 12 hours, and the 2nd one 12 hours after the 1st one. good luck to you, but you should be fine  You have 5 days after unprotected sex to take the morning after pill, as long as you do it with in the 5 days One pill should be fine.  I'm not usually this bad with my pills. I was studying abroad this semester, and during the last month, I was constantly out of my room, getting as much done before I got home. Many times I was out when my birth control alarm went off. A few times, I forgot before I went to bed. I always doubled up the next morning though. I didn't just completely skip them. He also didn't finish inside me. I know the pre ejaculation still has sperm in it though.  HIGHLY unlikely as long as the condom was put on correctly and did not break I would say you shouldn't worry.  Stress levels cause menstruation to fluctuate so your best bet is to simply relax. The condom as you stated didn't have any holes and didn't break so as long as the guy put the condom on correctly you should be fine. My ex and I had sex in high school when we were 14 (6 years ago) with no birth control and no condom for the first 3 times. Let me say that it was incredibly dumb to do but we were both nervous awaiting her period and to scare the $hit out of us even more she had a skipped period but was never pregnant. Just relax!! your most likely panicking for no reason. Hope this helps  I had the same expierence when I was married. There wasn't any morning after medicine @ that time. But what I gather from your question that it fell off on the couch. Learn a lesson that you should be more careful the next time.  I have the same problem and I found out im allergic to latex.  The odds are that you are not pregnant however there is always that slight chance as the only full proof birth control is abstinence. You probably should give it a week or so then take a home test if you still think you may be pregnant.  I honestly believe you should wait to lose your virginity until your older hunny. Not trying to sound "old school" as I'm only 20.. but waiting would be soo much better. You're 13.. I lost mine around 16 and looking back wish I would have waited. Why? Because one day your going to fall in love with an amazing man and have that haunting you. I have not been with a lot of guys at all, but I wish it could have been him that I would have lost it to. You're sooo young, condoms fail alllll theeee timeeee, and you shouldn't want to risk getting pregnant at your age,. Look at all the moms on teen mom whose lives aren't how they thought they'd be. I have friends younger than me with kids.. They can't do ANYTHING :-\ Sure your going to have urges and curiousity, and the building of hormones lol it's natural. But fight them if you can.. I pinky promise, the longer you wait the better :-) I'm not the boss of you so do as you please, but I hope this may have helped. Reply if you would like to talk :-)  Some times extreme weight loss, or exercise can throw a wrench in the flow, ya know? Call your doctor to make sure. ;)  If it was your first time, it is possible that you have anitcipated the event for so long that you were over excited, this is normal for young men, keep practicing.  The oral contraceptive, is most effective taken everyday at the same time. Even missing one pill you are at risk for the next 30 days after, until the pills become effective again. So Yes in my personal opinion, you could very well be pregnant. Would I go and buy baby gear no. But go to the store get a couple of pregnancy tests and test often, I use an IUD and I test once a month every month just in case. If you you get negative tests and still have questions or even feel that you are pregnant and are not getting accurate results go down to the doctor and they can do a blood test, which is more accurate than the over the counter but for most cases the over the counter tests are pretty accurate. Good luck. :)  The only way to know is to get tested. If the sex worker was HIV positive then yes there is a chance since the condom slipped off and fluids were exchanged. Don't wait get tested right away!  Yes it is always possible. Before a man orgasms he can release "pre-ejaculate" which is sperm and can get you pregnant. If you're on another method of birth control such as the pill, IUD, Depo Provera, Nuva Ring, etc your chances are decreased. Best way to tell is to either get a home pregnancy urine test or ask your doc for a lab slip for beta hcg blood testing.  I agree with the above advice, however I would also recommend going to a doctor and checking for any internal damage from your falls. I did cheer also and understand the risks and accidents that happen with the "sport". Make sure when you took your pregnancy tests that they were taken correctly, by this I mean that you waited the proper amount of time.  I forgot to mention that I started taking Progesterone on the first day of my cycle (due to being slightly out of balance). Would this be a possible reason I am spotting mid cycle? ..I took a PG test today just out of curiosity and it was negative. I don't think I am pregnant especially since the test is negative and I shouldnt have ovulated that early after my period, but just curious as to why I would spot mid cycle, because I NEVER spot in between periods. Thanks for your response.  Im no doctor but the pull out method is ALWAYS needed if u dont want to get pregnant! i got pregnant with my 4yr old son when i was on the shot for 2 years! hope this helps.  no, till now you are safe. continue safe sex  My gf and I had sex 2 weeks before the due date for her period. I think that time is her fertile period too.  First of all ANYONE can get HIV, just because he's a banker sweety, does not mean he's immune. I have a feeling you're a smart girl so just be smart about this, use a spermicide with the condom in case of those unexpected accidents, I actually got pregnant using a condom so they are NOT 100 percent full proof in any way, and if you're that paranoid, the only one true answer you're going to get from me to assuage your crippling paranoia? Abstinence.  Hi,  sounds like a physician diagnosis is needed for possible signs and symptoms of human papilloma virus.  your partners vagina is not producing enough moisture and should be checked by her obgyn, the friction from the condom is rubbing her inner walls causing them to bleed.  Did you ever get an answer???  have you tried lubricant it could be too dry  I would say you can be 99.9% certain that she will not get pregnant. You guys may want to consider a better form of birth control, however!  I hope by this time you found your awnser, but just so the person who awnsered your question knows, you can only be 100% safe by staying not haveing sex at all, so to enjoy your sexlife with no worry you would want to use multiple conticeptives. I was made when my mom used BC and my dad wore a condom, it happens. Infact it happend because my mom unknowingly had cervical cancer so her BC did not work.  As a teacher of sex education Yes, it should be fine to begin sexual interaction with your boyfriend. You may find that exploration by your boyfriend may break the lining of your hymen...initially a sharp pain with cherry coloured blood is normal. Use protection and make sure that your boyfriend's hands or fingers are clean before any manual insertions.  Since you say you were on BC, probably not. Condoms are often lubricated with spermicide, too, which also increases your safety. I'd say the odds are in your favor that you aren't pregnant.  