  This is a sign of Anxiety Disorder or maybe something else. The best thing you could do would be to contact a doctor and be seen as soon as possible. It is not pleasant to feel this way and I hope you get better.  if you are looking for natural remedies my mom and grandpa use these and they helped  A really good psychiatrist  There are two areas of the body where problems can arise which cause low testosterone levels. The first area is in your testicles. Testosterone is produced in the testicles. The second area is the hormone control centers in the brain, the hypothalamus and the pituitary. When testosterone levels fall the hypothalamus sends a signal to the pituitary to produce the hormones, LH and FSH. These hormones travel in the blood stream and cause the testicles to produce testosterone and sperm. The effect of low testosterone levels on a man depends on his age when the low levels develop. In adults, fatigue, lack of sex drive, and depression occur within a few weeks of developing low testosterone levels. Decreased muscle mass and body hair are less common and do not occur for a year or more after the onset of testosterone deficiency. The first step when low testosterone levels are found, is to confirm the results with repeat testing and test for free or bioavailable testosterone. Free and bioavailable testosterone are a clearer representation of the active hormone as opposed to the total testosterone which is the more commonly measured initial test. The next step is to measure LH and FSH. Normal or low levels of LH and FSH in the face of a low testosterone level suggest that the control centers in the brain are not working properly. High levels of LH and FSH pinpoint to a problem in the testicles. A CAT scan is done to see if there is a tumor in the pituitary. A common pituitary tumor that causes low testosterone levels is a prolactin tumor. This is another hormone secreted by the pituitary. Prolactin causes the hypothalamic region of the brain to malfunction. Besides tumors, damage to the pituitary gland or hypothalamus in adults can occur from surgery, injury, infections, radiation therapy, and with high doses or long-term use of narcotics or steroids. Causes of failure of the testicles to produce testosterone include; chemotherapy, radiation therapy, excessive alcohol consumption, infections such as mumps, tumors, medications, trauma, toxins, chronic diseases, and torsion of the testicles (twisting). Sometimes no specific cause is found. Talk with your doctor about your hormone levels and what could be causing your symptoms. Treatment for low testosterone levels is important in men not only for their wellbeing, but to make sure that their muscles and bones stay strong.  Whenever you take several medications, it is important to check with your doctor and pharmacist about drug interactions. You are wise to question the combination of bupropion (Wellbutrin), escitalopram (Lexapro), and fluconazole (Diflucan). Bupropion increases your risk of seizures and the addition of escitalopram (Lexapro) raises that risk further. This is especially worrisome for the elderly and for those who are at risk for seizures, for example from a head injury. Presumably, the doctor who prescribed both of these medications felt that the benefit of this combination outweighed the risk. Sometimes your doctor will need to check your blood levels of escitalopram when bupropion and escitalopram are used together. Adding a single dose of fluconazole, a fungal medication taken by mouth, probably wont have a significant effect on how you feel. However, when fluconazole is used for several days it can raise the blood levels of escitalopram increasing your risk of complications. There are several web sites that allow you to check drug interactions online, but the safest path is to check with your doctor. When you are seeing several doctors who are prescribing medications, there is a risk that drug interactions between medications will be overlooked. To safeguard against this happening, it is always best to have one doctor, a family practitioner or internist, overseeing all your care. Checking with your pharmacist before filling medications is also important.  Postpartum depression has received more attention in recent years. But, most of it has focused on moms. A new study published in JAMA found some interesting results: About 10% of dads suffer from postpartum depression, too. Yes, 1 in 10 dads become seriously depressed between their partners first trimester and in the first year (usually, the first three to six months) of their childs life. And, men are more likely to be depressed when their partners are depressed. As you might imagine, its difficult to provide a nurturing environment for a baby when both parents are feeling down. This is a real issue for new parents to be aware of.  There is evidence of increased rates of depression and suicide in epileptic patients. Here are some details about depression as observed in epileptic patients according to The Comprehensive Epilepsy Center : I believe that there is sufficient evidence to support taking an anti-depression medication in addition to your anti-seizure medications. Your physician is the best person to make that determination and what anti-depression drug might be best for your unique situation. Talk therapy may also be a useful tool in controlling depression in epileptic patients.   It surely must be a great challenge to endure 24/7 symptoms of anxiety and depression. The positive parts that I gleam from your question are that you already have a diagnosis and also possess some insight into your mood disorders. So at least youre not starting from point zero. Yes, you should be assessed and reenter treatment. It is not unusual for your conditions to go into a state of remission and suddenly erupt with an invigorated vengeance. Some individuals actually go through cyclical periods of depression and anxiety (like during the fall season when there is less light).They automatically seek treatment during certain times of the year even before overt symptoms appear. It is also common for people who suffer from depression to have anxiety attacks fueled by depression and folks who suffer from bouts of anxiety to also be clinically depressed. These two emotional states work in harmony to reap havoc in the lives of those afflicted. You deserve to feel well and have a joyful life. With talk therapy and medications, you can be relieved of this tormenting disorder. By seeking treatment as soon as possible, your recovery should be swift and your prognosis promising.  I read your question shown in a green colored font. Without reviewing the black colored details below your question, I instinctively felt that you were suffering from a depressive disorder. Being emotionally numb is like feeling sad, but being unable to cry. This is a clear sign of emotional distress. The emotional numbness can be the result of life's stressful moments, grief over a loss, major depression, or perhaps post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Your depression may be classified as being of the cyclical variety. That means that you may just feel that you are due to be in a depressed mood for a certain period of time during a predictable time of your life. The silver-lining to cyclical depression is that you can feel its onset before your spirits have totally bottomed you out. Therefore you can plan a medication and therapy schedule corresponding with the time of your depression. I worked in a very progressive mental hospital where movie stars were sometimes spotted as depressed patients. Before their hospitalization they could feel the blackness of depression and scheduled themselves for electro-shock therapy treatments. I am not saying that shock therapy is right for everyone that is depressed, but some folks swear to its effectiveness. Some other individuals feel depressed as the fall season starts. This may occur because of the reduced amount of natural light occurring during a shorter day. These folks just know that when the fall season begins, that they should have a psychological tune-up. I recommend that you start keeping a daily journal of your activities, your thoughts, and the resultant mood. Periodically review your journal entries to determine possible activities and thoughts that are triggering feelings of depression. Once you know what process may be influencing your depression, the trick will be for you to change your thinking to more productive thoughts. Summary: Cyclical depression can be kept in check with vigilant documentation of daily events that may be causing the depression. When you feel the depression starting, change your thinking. It really is stinking thinking , along some chemical imbalance within the body, that contributes to a depressed mood. It's also a smart move to see a mental health professional to discuss any negative thoughts and to titrate medication according to your present emotional status. Best wishes for your wellness and happiness.  I am sorry for the loss of your daughter. In retrospect, you may agree that a 4 year old should not be visiting a relative in the Intensive Care Unit. Young children are very intuitive and can sense when loved ones are not feeling either emotionally or physically well. It is theorized that children may feel unsafe, fearful of the unknown, of being unloved, feeling a sense of abandonment, anger, anxiety, and even depression when confronted with the death of a close relative. Add to that mixture other loved ones who are attempting to cope with their own grief and you will have a child whose insecure feelings are intensified greatly. I recommend that you discuss Kaye's behavior with the family doctor or pediatrician. They are best equipped to assess the child's needs and to make any appropriate referrals to other treatment professionals such as a psychologist or child therapist. Explaining death to a four year old child is serious business and best left to the clinical professionals. You may also require some help in coping with the illness and eventual death of your daughter. Everyone grieves in their own way with no set deadline on coming to feelings of acceptance. Please consider talking to your minister, priest, rabbi, doctor, friends, and relatives about your depression and ask for their advice on moving forward. Joining a support group may also provide you with a safe group of individuals that will listen to you in a non-judgmental fashion, offer emphatic support, and practical advice.  I have taken 600 mg. of this medication, 3x's per day, for over 15 years for back pain. Neurontin is an anti seizure medication. As with some other prescriptions, a doctor may prescribe a medication for disorders other than their original intended use. This practice is referred to as "OFF-LABEL". I am very familiar with this medication and its uses but have not heard of Neurontin being used to treat anxiety or depression. Although I am not an expert, there is nothing to stop a doctor from prescribing Neurontin for depression or anxiety. The link below will access a WebMD article describing Neurontin (Gabapentin) in more detail. http://www.webmd.com/drugs/mono-8217-GABAPENTIN+-+ORAL.aspx?drugid=9845&drugname=neurontin+oral   The false sense of hearing water running without actual environmental stimuli is referred to as an auditory hallucination. They can be alarming to the patient and cause the caregiver much distress. It is a challenging conundrum that youre in. It sounds like youre at the end of your rope. The truth is that she is probably also at the end of her rope. Your mother may be feeling fear about the sound that she is hearing. She may also exhibit signs of frustration and anger when reality is promoted. It is important to remember that to your mother, the perception that she has of hearing running water then becomes her reality. It is difficult to be therapeutic and kind when a loved one is acting irrationally. It is fine line that needs to be walked in responding to her expressions of anxiety. Here is the trick You should not lie and agree that the water is actually running. This will only feed her hallucination and make her wonder why you havent taken action to correct the situation. It is also counterproductive to argue with her, to make her feel like the sounds are only in her head, or that she is senseless. A middle ground response on your part might be as follows: I know that what youre hearing is upsetting. Im working on a plan to help those sounds go away. I love you and would never allow anything to harm you. Those three sentences said with genuine care and love may offer her some degree of reassurance. Delusion disorder manifested by paranoia may also occur with the hallucinations. Those statements that youre responsible for the water sounds are not your mothers false perceptions, but instead go to her state of mind and reasoning. Here are my recommendations: Your mother needs to be evaluated professionally for the cause of these hallucinations. The causes may include dementia, Alzheimers disease, medication reactions, psychosis, and brain tumors. Antipsychotic medications may help your mom. Treating depression will not help with the hallucinations and delusions. Sit calmly, comfort her, and provide reassurance that you will not allow her to be hurt, Do not leave her alone in the house, Think about making environmental changes like keeping additional lights on during the night, or changing your mothers sleeping location further away from where she hears the noise. If she needs to be close to the restroom facilities, consider putting a portable commode in her room. Take a break as the caregiver. Perhaps other family members or friends can periodically take a turn in caring for your mother. Investigate daycare for your mom so that you have time to care for your own personal needs. This situation can definitely improve with calmness, patience, and professional intervention. I wish you well and admire your commitment to being your mothers caregiver.  Ritalin has been around for many years .It is not indicated for use as an anti-depression treatment method . Ritalin is a mild stimulant approved to treat ADHD, some sleep disorders, and mental focusing issues. That is not to say that some doctors may not prescribe Ritalin "Off-Label" to improve mood disorders. The WebMD link below will access an article describing the approved uses and possible side-effects of Ritalin: http://www.webmd.com/drugs/2/drug-9475/ritalin-oral/details   The average adult (including the elderly) requires 7-8 hours of sleep each day. School aged children and teens need 9-10 hours of sleep each day. If you sleep less than necessary, an account of sorts is set-up referred to as sleep debt. A person cannot make-up for this debt by sleeping more in the future or taking naps. Poor sleep habits and long-term sleep loss will affect your health and result in some of the symptomology as you list in your question.Sleep deficiency may result in problems with: You may find yourself dozing off while driving or watching television, experiencing edgy feelings, displaying a moody disposition accompanied with anger and impulsivity, and difficulty on completing tasks timely and accurately. It is not unusual to feel depressed when you are in a state of sleep deprivation. Now for the $100,000 question Is it the sleep deprivation causing the medical and psychological problems, or is it the medical and psychological problems causing the sleep deprivation? You and your doctor are best able to answer this question together. Why not make an appointment with your family doctor today? He or she may run diagnostic testing to locate possible medical abnormalities and refer you to other specialists dealing with sleep issues. Chronically being deprived of sleep is detrimental to your overall physical and mental health. Getting enough quality sleep at the right times is vital for mental health, physical health, quality of life, and safety.  Sometimes as human beings, we are subjected to one stressing life event after another. No matter the nature of these negative events of life and their cumulative bodily assault, there is a tendency on our part to outwardly appear "strong" and remain "Poker faced". Recently, you've been subjected to more than your fair share of life's down moments. Let me tell you about a 1960's study completed by 2 men, Holmes & Rale. No matter what you may think about the study, there is certainly some degree of validity attached to the findings.They questioned 5,000 individuals about life events and developed a scale to assess the probably of experiencing a stress related illness. At the bottom of the scale were individuals who scored < 150 points with having only a slight risk for illness.150-299 points revealed a moderate risk, and 300 + points suggested Being At Risk of Illness . The scale applied a numeric value to 43 different life events. Death of a spouse was the number 1 stressor and assigned 100 points. Here are a few of those life changing elements & corresponding values that may apply in your situation: 8th place- 47 points - Dismissal from work, 6th place - 53 points - Personal injury or illness, 2nd place- 73 points- Divorce 3rd place- 65 points- Marital separation As you can see, I've only noted 4 elements out of the possible 43, and already show you in the moderate range for being at risk for illness. Just imagine what your total points may be after considering the remaining stressing elements. You have every right to feel, as you described, "A Bit Depressed". Other responsible studies have shown a strong relationship between pre-surgical depression and experiencing less than ideal surgical outcomes. These studies are also coupled with citations claiming that a more lengthy recovery period may be necessary. Finally, most doctors would tell you that the majority of their office visit patients have some co-existing stress and depression symptoms. With that said, here are a few recommendations respectively submitted for your consideration: - Tell your doctor about your depressed mood, - Start treatment in the form of talk therapy and/or medication prior to your surgery, - Discuss your depressed mood with family members and close friends. Just unburdening your true feelings to another human being is therapeutic, - Join a support group that meets your emotional needs. It is helpful to hear other people tell us how they dealt with the same problem that we are experiencing, You stated in your question, " I want to get the operation out the way, and my situation gives me some time to do the op right now, and get on with my life." So do not delay in having the surgery. Instead, focus on living a joyful life and receiving depression treatment. Visualize positive expectations; it's a powerful tool that really works.  I do not believe that your 1998 gastric bypass surgery is responsible for your listed symptoms. Since your doctors don't have any answers, it is time to open the door to emotional causes as the reasons for your feeling poorly. Save Restless Leg Syndrome, the dizziness, headaches, vomiting, reflux, and body aches all fit in with depression as your culprit. Perhaps having an interview with a mental health professional to assess your depression would be beneficial. Talk therapy along with medication may improve your psychological outlook on life and reduce/eliminate your depression. If you are not currently taking an anti-depressant medication, one may be needed to restore some joy in your life. If you are currently being treated with an anti-depressant medication, a change in the medication or its strength may be justified. Sometimes anti depression medications just stop working, or even cause more depression, following long-term usage. As a side benefit to the depression lifting, physical disorders often improve. It is an agreed upon fact that our emotional state of mind directly influences our physical health. Some family doctors report that up to 2/3 of their patient's complaints can be traced back to emotional difficulties such as chronic stress and depression. Lastly, as a graduate of gastric bypass surgery, joining a support group could be a key ingredient to your feeling better. You'll be able to listen and share with others in a non-judgmental fashion,, ask questions, and make lasting friendships. My answer is intended to be respectful and helpful. You deserve resolution of your symptoms..  As a follow-up to my original answer, the link below will open a WebMD article on the relationship between depression and physical symptoms. http://www.webmd.com/depression/physical-symptoms   Yes, it can help your situation. Having penile implant surgery is a major life changing decision. My friends husband had the surgery performed twice (the first surgical procedure resulted in lots of pain and a deformed looking penis). The 2nd surgery done 4 years ago had more positive results. There are multiple types of implants to meet your needs. Here are the disadvantages and advantages as I know them to be: - Non-inflatable Type - A rod is implanted and is simply bent up to reveal the erect penis. It is easy to use for individuals with dexterity or arthritic conditions. The downside is that the man will have a constant erection (the penis is always erect and just needs to be bent upwards to reveal the erection .This can be annoying and sometimes painful. This appliance can also cause a thinning of the penile flesh and can be perceived as having an abnormal appearance. - 2 piece inflatable appliance- It is promoted as being easy to use because the man simply pumps it up to have an erect penis and pumps it down when not in use. Fluid is transferred into cylinders which become firm and imitate an erect penis. With this devise the penis is not as firm as with other appliances, may be difficult to inflate, and can cause penile tissue thinning - 3 piece inflatable units - The appliance is pumped up for an erection and a release valve is pressed to eliminate the erect state. Again cylinders are filled with fluid to develop an erection. This device is promoted as providing the most natural look and feel, has more fluid being sent through the cylinders to produce a firmer erection, cause the least amount of pain and discomfort, and is least likely to cause penis tissue deterioration. With all of these devices, the individual will never again be able to have a natural occurring erection. My recommendation is to search out the most competent urologic surgeons and review the number of procedures performed and their patient satisfaction rate. This process is best accomplished through internet searches. Some urologists hold regular classes for men interested in having the surgery completed. At these sessions, all questions may be addressed and an opportunity to see how the devices work is usually provided. Choose a surgeon that treats the individual post-surgically with recovery in a hospital setting for a few days. Some surgeries are performed as a same day procedure with possible resulting complications (bleeding, pain, urinary difficulty) being ignored. Additionally, with the same day surgery, the patient usually is catherized, and must return the following day to have it removed. In summary , this surgery can improve the quality of both partners lives. Having medical conditions such as diabetes is most likely responsible for the ED. Your situation will most likely not respond adequately to pills, creams, injections, or pumps. I suggest interviewing multiple urologists before deciding on the doctor entrusted to implant your penile device.  Yes, it is possible that you are suffering, at least in part, from Post Partum Depression. Post partum depression can manifest itself in" just feeling blue and emotionally low", in a modest to moderate way by having frequent mood swings, fits of anger and range, or in a very severe manner where feelings of harm to yourself or others may exist. Just like any major depressive disorder, untreated PPD can last for many months or even years. Yes, having a husband that works long hours and living in a state with no close family or friends is more than likely also contributing to your unhappy feelings. Treatment for depressive disorders, including PPD, involves talk therapy and medication. I would recommend that you first discuss your feelings of sadness with your husband. If for some reason he cannot be available or be supportive, your family doctor or a church official may act as a good sounding board to openly express your sad mood. Joining a support group may also generate some insight into your depression and provide you with some positive recommendations. Only a doctor or highly trained mental health professional can interrupt your negative symptoms and assign a diagnosis. I admire you for taking the first brave step to recovery by honestly acknowledging your feelings and asking for help on this website. Eighteen months is a long time to feel sad and to be unmotivated. You are deserving in feeling worthy, in having friendships, in having a close bond with your child, in being loved, cared for, and appreciated. Feeling chronically sad in a clinical manner is not normal . With appropriate treatment unhappiness can effectively be changed to joy.   Attempting to lose a large amount of weight quickly is potentially dangerous and will set you up for a disappointing failure. My plan would be for you to lose 3 pounds per week by following these steps: Lose the pounds Stretch Mark Removal Some stretch marks will be reduced just by losing the excess weight. Next, exfoliate the scarred areas in a rapid fashion with your hands to reduce out-of-control scar tissue growth by using mechanical massage equipment and your hands. Follow the exfoliation treatment with nutritional therapy by applying conditioners to restore normal tissue regrowth. Stay hydrated and apply protective sun screen on a regular basis. By setting up a plan for success and remaining laser focused with a positive attitude, youll lose the excess weight and eliminate the scars within 5-6 months. The time will go fast and the rewards are worth the wait. It is better to do your transformation slowly and to be successful the first time than to take short cuts resulting in multiple failures. Best wishes for your success.  Post partum depression, like other forms of major depression, may last for months or even years if untreated . It is not your fault . Eighteen months is too long to have endured those feelings of sadness. Certainly with a husband working long hours and not being in an area with close friends and family can also contribute to depression. Only a mental health professional trained in depressive disorders can properly diagnosis whether you are experiencing PPD, some other form of depression, or a combination of these maladies. You may also have a medical condition that results in causing depression as a symptom. I respectively make the following suggestions: 1.) Talk with your husband about your sadness. If he is not approachable, then seek the counsel of your physician (this individual can conduct medical testing as well as assess your overall mental state, prescribe medication, and make mental health referrals) or a minister / priest /rabbi. They can act as a sounding board to express your feelings and offer positive suggestions on restoring joy in your life. 2.) Consider joining a self-help group to support your efforts at regaining purpose in your life. You deserve to feel worthy, to have friendships, and to feel and give love. Through talk therapy and medications, the prognosis is encouraging.  It is possible to receive Social Security Disability (SSDI) or Supplemental Security Benefits (SSI) based upon your medical and emotional conditions. Do not listen to those well-meaning people who may say that your diagnoses will not qualify you for disability. You do not have to have a terminal disease to become eligible for disability. The waiting process for approval can range from 6 months to several years so you must be ready to live without a regular pay check for some time. You must also be incapable of doing any gainful work. If you feel that you cannot continue to work, it is recommended to start the application process immediately. If approved, your original application date will be used to establish the approval date and possible retroactive benefits. You may also think about contacting an attorney specializing in helping folks to obtain disability benefits. The application process can be cumbersome and becomes a living, legal document which will be used to assess your eligibility. Attempting to correct mistakes or supply missing documentation later is not recommended. Treat the application responsibility and do it right the first time. If it seems like too much work, then it is best to forget applying. The application should be initiated as correctly and completely as possible the first time. You should begin to start a daily diary detailing your activities of daily living and your medical and emotional symptoms experienced . You should also gather all of your medical records from each medical professional that has provided you with medical care. Attempt to secure the backing of your primary care doctor as well as other medical specialists to support your disability claim. They may be able to provide you with a letter attesting to your being completely disabled. Also seek a letter from your employer stating their observance of you being unable to complete your job responsibilities due to your disabilities. Letters from other people testifying that they are aware of your physical and emotional decline may also be useful. The majority of people are denied at the first step of the approval process. But with a legitimate disability being adequately documented and by following the above guidelines, eventual disability approval is possible with your clinical conditions.   Diverticulitis is thought to be caused by a lack of fiber in the diet. As we get older, pressure on the intestine walls increases causing pain, cramping, constipation, and bloating. There is no mention by the medical community that depression, stress, or anxiety contributes to the development of diverticulitis. With that said, I have my own opinion on the subject. That is: the body is a wonderful machine that best operates when all organs are working at peak efficiency and in a synergistic manner. Being anxious, depressed, and full of stress are emotional conditions that negatively influence our overall health, including the development of diverticulitis symptoms. Here are some suggestions to consider: I believe that our psychological well-being affects our overall physical well-being.  The first thing to understand is that "It's not just in your head." You're not hallucinating, you are not delusion, and you are not experiencing illusions. You feel what you feel. Secondly, a person can have physical conditions and be experiencing an emotional decline at the same time.Yes,there is a close relationship between the mind and the body. But the bottom line is not to just dismiss your physical symptoms as being attributable to psychological reasons. Nobody by just reading your question could properly diagnosis your case. With that said, I will attempt to provide you with some non-professional advise based upon my experience in the medical, counseling, and mental health fields as follows: If you feel like you may want hurt yourself , please go to the hospital now for immediate help ; Make an appointment to see your family doctor, or go to some form of walk-in clinic to be medically assessed. During this visit your heart, breathing, nervous stomach, and fatigue can be assessed. Blood work can be done to rule out such conditions as thyroid disease and medication interactions/side-effects, vital signs will be taken, and possibly a chest x-ray and a cardiogram may be completed. If necessary, referrals to other professional can be started. Once you've confirmed that your physical state is satisfactory, it is time to have your emotional health evaluated. There are mental health agencies (check on-line for local government mental health agencies) that will conduct a screening of your uncomfortable feelings. I see that you've taken medication off-and-on for a psychiatric condition. Perhaps your medication regime needs to be updated and some talk therapy started. You should not have to remain feeling uncomfortable with your reported physical and emotional symptoms. Even though I'm not a physician, I can promise you one thing... Your symptoms will not just disappear on their own. Like most conditions, the faster that a diagnosis is made and treatment started, the shorter the period of feeling bad and the better the chance for recovery. I hope that my answer has been helpful and that you seek help quickly. Best wishes for your success.  It sounds like you may have stopped taking anti-depression medications on your own. Many people either feel better or experience side effects that prompt them to stop taking the medication. Stopping of ant-depressants needs to be medically supervised by tapering and weaning methods. It may have taken as long as 6 weeks for the medicine to take effect in your blood stream; it only stands to reason that a person cannot safely stop this treatment in a risky cold turkey-like fashion. According to a WebMD article, symptoms of Antidepressant Withdrawal may be serious. Symptoms most often occur within three days of stopping the antidepressant. They may be mild and go away within about two weeks or end up causing catastrophic problems. WebMD reports that symptoms can include: In rare cases, in people who have bipolar disorder, antidepressant withdrawal has been known to trigger mania. Withdrawal from certain, older types of antidepressants called MAOIs has also (though rarely) been reported to cause confusion and psychotic symptoms. In conclusion, abruptly stopping ant--depressants may cause physical problems, emotional turmoil, set your recovery back further from where you first started, and even result in experiencing suicidal ideations . I recommend that you seek medical attention for your withdrawal symptoms.  I was on Depo for a total of one year. When I stopped the shot, I gained 100 pounds within the course of a year. Also, the shot stopped my cycles (which I was told about), but when they finally started back up I bleed nonstop for 97 days. The doctor wouldn't do anything because it was all of the uterine buildup I had from not having a cycle for a bit over a year. The weight gain is normal, and it will get worse. The mood swings come and go with most birth control methods. If you HAVE to be on birth control, get an IUD. Paragard is better because it's hormone FREE. Mirena is involved in a lawsuit, and it has hormones. Good luck, and I hope you can find out more. :) Oh, and it took me six years to conceive my first child after stopping Depo.  Yes, it is possible to have feelings of depression if you have BPD. Borderline personality disorder is frequently misdiagnosed for bipolar or manic depression. The unstable moods associated with both conditions have in fact lead some researchers to believe that they are variants of each other. Mood stabilizer drugs and talk therapy seem to be the best approach to help people with borderline personality disorder manage anxiety, depression, and aggression. At the same time it can help those suffering from this disorder deal with daily living. Talk therapy can help you focus on understanding how your thoughts and behaviors effect yourself and others. It also helps you find more effective ways for you to approach daily stressors that could trigger negative or harmful behavior.  YES, you should....I acquired some symptoms of this sort a couple of years back and it turned out to be a severe infection of my urinary tract!!  It's wholly possible that this is related to you stopping the Abilify, especially since you seem to have been fine when on both. It's also possible that your depression/bipolar disorder has simply gotten worse, but I think that would be rather unlikely since your sleeping habits are unchanged. As for how long the attacks last, it is not unheard of for them to last from a few minutes to upwards of a few hours - it depends on what triggers them, how severe the attack is, and your individual reaction to them (I can attest from personal experience, from seeing a friend and having one myself). There are the traditional things you can do for yourself to make the attacks more manageable (avoiding triggers, being properly rested, breathing exercises, etc.), and if that doesn't help, maybe your doctor could recommend new medications, such as a generic, less expensive form of Abilify (if there is one).  If the symptoms of depression in your child have lasted for at least two weeks, you should schedule a visit with his or her doctor to make sure there are no physical reasons for the symptoms and to make sure that your child receives proper treatment. A consultation with a mental healthcare professional who specializes in children is also recommended. A mental health evaluation should include interviews with you (as the parents) and your child, and any additional psychological testing that is necessary. Information from teachers, friends, and classmates can be useful for showing that these symptoms are consistent during your child's various activities and are a marked change from previous behavior. There are no specific tests -- medical or psychological -- that can clearly show depression, but tools such as questionnaires (for both the child and parents) combined with personal information can be very useful.  Yes. Childhood depression is different from the normal "blues" and everyday emotions that occur as a child develops. Just because a child seems depressed or sad, does not necessarily mean they have depression. But if these symptoms become persistent, disruptive, and interfere with social activities, interests, schoolwork and family life, it may indicate that he or she has the medical illness called depression. Keep in mind that while depression is a serious illness, it is also a treatable one.  Studies have found that first-time depression in children is occurring at younger ages than previously. As in adults, it may occur again later in life. Depression often occurs at the same time as other physical illnesses. And because studies have shown that depression may precede more serious mental illness later in life, diagnosis, early treatment, and close monitoring are crucial.  Children with a family history of depression are at greater risk of experiencing depression themselves. Children who have parents that suffer from depression tend to develop their first episode of depression earlier than children whose parents do not. Children from chaotic or conflicted families, or children and teens who abuse substances like alcohol and drugs, are also at greater risk of depression.  As in adults, depression in children can be caused by any combination of factors that relate to physical health, life events, family history, environment, genetic vulnerability, and biochemical disturbance. Depression is not a passing mood, nor is it a condition that will go away without proper treatment.  If you have questions or concerns, discuss them with your health care provider.Treatment options for children with depression are similar to those for adults, including psychotherapy (counseling) and medication. The role that family and the child's environment play in the treatment process is different from that of adults. Your child's doctor may suggest psychotherapy first, and consider antidepressant medicine as an additional option if there is no significant improvement. The best studies to date indicate that a combination of psychotherapy and medication is most effective. However, studies do show that the antidepressant Prozac is effective in treating depression in children and teens. The drug is officially recognized by the FDA for treatment of children 8-18 with depression.. Treating children with bipolar disorder Children with bipolar disorder are usually treated with psychotherapy and a combination of medicines, usually an antidepressant and a mood stabilizer. Use of an antidepressant alone can trigger bouts of manic and hyperactive behavior. The FDA has determined that antidepressant medications increase the risk of suicidal thinking and behavior in children and adolescents with depression and other psychiatric disorders. If you have questions or concerns, discuss them with your health care provider.  There aren't any specific medical tests that can detect depression. Health care professionals determine if a teen has depression by conducting interviews and psychological tests with the teen and his or her family members, teachers, and peers. The severity of the teen depression and the risk of suicide are determined based on the assessment of these interviews. Treatment recommendations are also made based on the data collected from the interviews. The doctor will also look for signs of potentially co-existing psychiatric disorders such as anxiety, mania, or schizophrenia. The doctor will also assess the teen for risks of suicidal or homicidal behaviors. Incidences of attempted suicide and self-mutilation is higher in females than males while completed suicide is higher in males. One of most vulnerable groups for completed suicide is the 18-24 age group.  Often, kids with teen depression will have a noticeable change in their thinking and behavior. They may have no motivation and even become withdrawn, closing their bedroom door after school and staying in their room for hours. Kids with teen depression may sleep excessively, have a change in eating habits, and may even exhibit criminal behaviors such as DUI or shoplifting. Here are more signs of depression in adolescents even though they may or may not show all signs: apathy complaints of pains, including headaches, stomachaches, low back pain, or fatigue difficulty concentrating difficulty making decisions excessive or inappropriate guilt irresponsible behavior -- for example, forgetting obligations, being late for classes, skipping school loss of interest in food or compulsive overeating that results in rapid weight loss or gain memory loss preoccupation with death and dying rebellious behavior sadness, anxiety, or a feeling of hopelessness staying awake at night and sleeping during the day sudden drop in grades use of alcohol or drugs and promiscuous sexual activity withdrawal from friends  Thats why you talked to your doctor before you got the shot, right? Thats what they do to you. lol  The shot is better btw. Pills make it worse, because it gives you "pregnancy" symptoms, they make your body feel like it's preg so that you dont get preg. I think that the shot is waaaay better if you dont wanna get preg. But i heard that the mood swings stop after awhile you've been on it, the best thing you should do is talk to your doc. or whoever/wherever you got the shot and talk to someone about the depression, the shot & pill couldve made it worse. I was on both of them and stopped because i hated it! I have depression, anxiety, and anger probs. They made it worse for me. Hopes this helps though.  My personal opinion is, stress! Ask most brides... most get their period on their honeymoon, even if it isn't time. I also, personally, get more regular, when I take on a healthier way of life- food, exercise, happiness. When it happens, it seems to make up for lost time.?? I don't know, but I wouldn't worry.  In my expierience it sounds like bi-polar disorder. I am not a doctor but i have alot of expierience. My mother has been diagnosed with bi-polar disorder. She gets really angry over the littlest things. My advice is talk to her gently and encourage her to see her doctor or therapist. They will diagnose what is going on.  Hi,  Being prescribed this since childhood I have found it only makes me feel more depressed and out of it, with the exception to exercise. It makes you feel numb maybe. It may motivate you to do things and this could be why. Personally I suggest you use it to feel motivated and find an activity that makes you feel happy then slowly stop the adderall and enjoy the activities without it.  There are some known serious drug interactions between Prozac and certain types of weight loss pills. Phentermine, for example, when combined with Prozac, can lead to serotonin syndrome. A severe case of serotonin syndrome left untreated can be fatal.  Please set aside your concerns and, for the benefit of your daughter, call a crisis hotline or visit CrisisChat.org for a confidential, online and free session with a professional who can help you get the help you need. You can do this in the privacy of your own home or room and do not need to let anyone else see you cry. Like you, I feel very uncomfortable allowing anyone else to see me cry or express too much emotion. I want you to consider that it may be better to let someone see you cry than to abandon your daughter by committing suicide or avoiding getting the help you need. Right now, your daughter isn't getting 100% of you, and I'll bet you'd agree she deserves 100% of you. Please get the help you need to be there for your daughter, to care for her at the highest level, and to make your own life better. You may also call 1-866-HELP-1-NM for assistance. Do it for your daughter. Do it for yourself. You deserve help. You can be helped. Sending you all my best wishes.  I forgot to add: You can see your primary care provider, a psychologist, or any kind of psychological therapist. I'd recommend you seek out a psychotherapist. Whatever your insurance covers. Make that call today. Please.  Please do not go off your Zoloft (generic name: ) without consulting your doctor. Stopping an antidepressant abruptly can cause serious side effects, including suicidal thoughts. If you feel the sertraline isn't working, your doctor can recommend a different medication for you. It's not uncommon to try several medications before finding the right one(s) to treat anxiety and depression. If you feel you no longer need an antidepressant, please discuss the situation with your health care provider. He or she can tell you how to safely go off the sertraline and can monitor your progress. This way, if you experience any side effects, your physician knows what's going on. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. I mean, both the depressive episode and the lack of support from your husband. It's surprising how many people do not believe (or any other mental health issue) is a valid diagnosis. But, believe me, I've encountered many such people. It's possible your husband dismisses depression as a diagnosis because he's never (or rarely) dealt with it himself. For unknown reasons, much more frequently than men. A couple of thoughts come to mind. First is to take your husband with you to your doctor so he or she can explain depression to your husband. Or, take your husband to see your psychotherapist for an explanation. Maybe this will help sway him to understanding. Meanwhile, I invite you to connect with others in . These folks are dealing with many of the same issues you are, and they may have suggestions for you. At the very least, you may feel comforted being able to discuss these issues in a safe environment. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry you're going through this. As a nurse, I find medication management to be one of the most challenging aspects of care for both patients and providers. I'd suggest you make an appointment to see your primary care provider to evaluate all of your medications and symptoms. Take all of your medication bottles with you to your appointment, and be sure to mention any over-the-counter products you take, such as aspirin or vitamins. Once your health care provider has all this information, the two of you can work together to come up with a medication plan that works well for you. Keep in mind medication management is a process; you and your health care provider may need to tinker more than once with your medications before everything falls into place. Good luck to you!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this, and I'd advise you to contact the prescribing health care professional as soon as possible to report these side effects. There are many medication choices available. If is causing you to have these side effects, your health care provider can choose something else. That said, do not stop taking the citalopram suddenly. This can lead to serious side effects, such as thoughts of suicide. Please contact your health care provider as soon as possible to discuss the side effects you're experiencing. I wish you all the best!  Yes, you probably can take an antidepressant with your Adderall if you are diagnosed with depression. That's an excellent question for your health care provider. In fact, it would be a good idea to consult your health care provider, anyway, because the symptoms you describe could be caused by stress and depression -- but they also could be caused by a host of other issues that are easily solved. Your health care provider can do a complete evaluation of your physical and mental health, and then refer you to specialists if necessary. Please don't allow yourself to continue to suffer. Make an appointment to see your regular health care provider today and get on the path to feeling better. Wishing you all the best!  It's tough to use the term "cure" for any chronic medical condition, whether it's (or, as you put it, "manic depression") or osteoarthritis. As you point out, these conditions often can be managed through medication. When I say "managed," I mean the symptoms of the condition can be minimized. However, these medications do not "cure" the condition because if you stop taking the medication then the symptoms return. With bipolar disorder, it's important to take medications daily and to check in with your psychiatrist or psychologist on a regular basis. While a person with bipolar disorder may need to take medications for the rest of his or her life, the dosage may need to change or the medication itself may need to be changed. New medicines are always coming on the market, and often new-generation drugs not only work better than older ones but have fewer side effects. If anyone tries to convince you there's a "cure" for bipolar ("manic depression"), you should politely ignore them. Do not allow anyone to talk you into going off your medications. There is no cure for bipolar. You should keep taking your medicines and rely on your doctor's expertise and advice. Wishing you well!  It sounds like you're afraid of what the public may think of you so you hide from the world around you. In your world you're safe, nothing can hurt you, nothing bad can happen to you. You feel free from the pressures of reality to do as you please with no judgement. It's okay to talk to yourself. It's okay to do everything you're doing. But there comes a point when it becomes too much, Depression is a serious thing, you need to get treated for it and maybe get on some medication before the depression completely takes over your life. In the meantime, try to boost your self-esteem somehow. Get all dressed up and go to a party, go to a coffee shop, go to the library, just try to get out of the dorm room and do something. Not for anyone else, but for you. As for the making up a boyfriend in your world, that is okay too. It's perfectly normal to masturbate to a fantasy, but where do you draw the line? If a guy asks you out do you turn him down BECAUSE your fantasy is good? You're 18 and in college, try to live a little and have fun. I know college is very hard and extremely demanding, but if you don't make time for you then you're going to get overwhelmed and severely depressed, more so than you already are.  Prozac, an anti-depressant, is an SSRI (selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor). While there are a number of reasons why an individual might take an anti-depressant  the reason cited 90 percent of the time is depression. Sadly, research has shown that depression has been linked, more often than not, as a side effect to other medications, substance abuse and/or other types of medical conditions  than as a condition on its own. Anti-depressants such as Abilify, Zoloft, Cymbalta and Prozac are used to treat depression, but unless the reason or cause of the depression is defined and addressed, the individual could end up taking the drug indefinitely or worse self-medicating to treat the symptoms. Xanax on the other hand is a sedative/tranquilizer and part of the benzodiazepine drug class. Although studies have shown that chronic abuse of sedatives and tranquilizers result in the drugs ineffectiveness, many users develop addictive tendencies and without professional assistance cannot stop. Long-term use of either/both of these drugs can have lasting effects that can make it very difficult to stop without professional medical detox treatment. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Good and Heart Touching Question You need a proper Counselling for that read my article, which is all about you, Follow the link  You must ALWAYS talk to your Dr, counselor, minister, or any adut (if your not being treated by someone) talk to some adult that can be trusted. ALL antidepressants usually take at least 3 but usually 4-6 weeks before you see positive benifets. But if its making you feel worse, call your Dr. LIKE yesterday and report exactly how your feeling and all the awful thoughts going through your head. No one told me any of this at your age and I ended up trying to commit suicide. Thank God I was rotten at it and someone from above was watching over me. Most antidepressants these days are called SSRI's as they change the level of seratonin in your brain, and most people are helped by one or more of them, but I'm not one of them. I finally found a drug that came our long before the others called nortriptyline that works differantly. So go to your phone a leave an emergency voice mail if you have to with your Dr then call first AM again and again till you reach them and make sure you don't leave out anything due to embarassment. Only you and they will know whats discussed unless they feel you or someone else is in immediate danger. And Good Luck, your rotten teen years only SEEM to be a lifetime, they'll be over before you know it. JJ  There have been studies suggesting that high dose supplements of vitamin D, or fish oil supplements, may improve mild depression. ... At this point, treatment with high-dose vitamin D for depressive symptoms is considered experimental and should be considered only with medical supervision.  menopause can cause depression. As we experience menopause, many of our hormones are just not what they should be and we can have so many different symptoms, night sweats, hot flashes, mood swings, etc. Anxiety and depression are not the same thing. Depression is something you can have without even knowing it, you lose interest in things you once enjoyed, many people that are depressed just want to stay in bed, they seldom want to see or be with friends and family. Anxiety is totally different. Depending on the severity of it, you can have panic attacks that can be very frightening. Your heart can race and you may feel you are having a heart attack and or dying, you may not be able to be in crowded places and you can have anxiety, and cope with it, and then have an anxiety or panic attack which is very frightening.  Yes absolutely! Too much seems to add anxiety. I had mine lowered to 75 mg and feel 100% better. Also becareful what u take with the effexor. In this case less is more.  In my experience yes you may need a mood stabilizer in addition. Like Nerontin  Drinking alcohol will cause medications to not work at all.  Buy bigger underwear    Mania symptoms, to some degree, occur during depressive syndromes in about 2/3 of people with bipolar I or II disorder. Depressive symptoms, likewise, often occur during manic or hypomanic episodes. If a full syndrome of both poles exists at the same time, technically, in bipolar I disorder, that is called a mixed episode. Such things likely also often happen in bipolar II disorder, but technically (again), the psychiatric nosology system doesn't for some reason identify that as a bona fide entity (mixed hypomania). Most authorities believe that in the presence of any mania symptoms, depressive symptoms worsen if antidepressants are used, and mixed episodes are fundamentally thought of as variants of mania rather than depression.  Depression is depression, defined by a series of symptoms that involve changes in sleep, energy, concentration, appetite, etc. One does not need to have a reason to develop a depression, though if there is a particular event that may have precipitated it (e.g., a loss, a separation), that may be relevant to the psychotherapy and understanding one's vulnerabilities to depression. Not everybody who has a loss or stressful event occur develops a depression, so the thinking is that someone either is or isn't biologically vulnerable to developing depression. Depression is different from normal grief or sadness. Grief or sadness related to an event does not involve disruptions of sleep and appetite or thoughts of suicide. In fact, normal grief can become complicated by a depression, which in turn can interfere with the resolution of the grief; so, in other words, depression is a syndrome involving many components, and whatever causes it (we don't really know), it should get treated. When the syndrome involves strong physical symptoms (sleep, energy, concentration, not functioning, thoughts of suicide), medicines are especially likely to be helpful.  It would depend on the patient. If they had a history of multiple significant manic or depressive episodes, I would counsel them that their decision was very risky and probably ill-advised, and warn them of the likelihood of relapse and clarify what their wishes would be should they relapse. In my experience, in people with bipolar I disorder, an eventual relapse off medicines is almost always inevitable and I don't know that there is any "natural" way to avoid that. I would encourage regular ongoing monitoring/visits and enlist their family as look-outs on the team. If they had a history of suicide attempts or hospitalization or psychosis in the last few years, I would probably urge them against a very dangerous idea and personally not feel comfortable being cast as simply an onlooker to looming disaster. In someone who had a history of episodes long ago who's been stable for at least several years, no suicide attempts, functioning well, they're responsible, family is supportive, no drugs or alcohol, relationships and work are stable/steady, and they know what to watch for and could catch a looming relapse quickly so we could nip it in the bud, and were agreeable to resuming medicines at the first signs of relapse, I would probably be much more encouraging.  I have just recovered from seven months of suicidal depression so I can agree entirely with what nurse Hanes has said. Please be careful of going to family practitioners or emergency room doctors since they usually do not have the specific knowledge on how to treat you & often can make your situation worse. A qualified specialist will, to the best of their ability, do everything they can to make your life more manageable & that will help both you and your daughter.  There has not been, to my knowledge, any studies showing that sexual deprivation causes any harm. I am a 59yr old male with depression, anxiety, paruresis, OCD, & eating disorders ( OCD stopped when I began to take antidepressants, clean from eating disorders for some five yrs). Also, the medications I take greatly lessen my sexual impulses (which I don't mind since I never acted on them). The main problem is to focus on the problems which are definitely affecting your quality of life, such as the depression & anxiety. These may be a major reason why you have trouble keeping a job. Contact your local federal office to see if you qualify for SSI and medical aid so you can see a qualified therapist and psychologist to get help for your emotional problems. These doctors should also be able to help you with your sexual worries. I wish you all the best my friend.  I would say cater to her. Put on a movie she likes, make food she enjoys, cuddle her. Just try to be there for her the best you can. Depending how bad she's feeling she may or may not respond positively to you efforts. Don't be discouraged. Deep down she knows she loves you and wants to feel good again and have good times again. Just being there for her is huge. Remind her she's not alone and you are in this fight against depression with her.  This is a great question, because actually the two drugs mentioned, Wellbutrin and Geodon, actually can cause some weight gain. So I would actually ask this patient, number one, are they telling their doctors that they -- they may be seeing two different doctors, are they aware that they are taking these medications and do they have a medication list. Because of the side effect profile, we are adding a medication that we really probably don't need. I would like to be able to find a more non-drug option, such as changing their diet, increasing their fluid intake. So we want to make sure that, that patient understands that. The pharmacist, by looking at their medication list when they are coming to visit the pharmacy, will be able to point that out and say, hey, you are getting an unnecessary medication for side effect of two drugs, and maybe one of them, they may not necessarily need. So that's where the pharmacist can actually contact the physicians or healthcare provider and say, doctor, are you aware of this? This happens all the time in the pharmacy. I can't tell you how many times I say to patients, does your doctor know? Well, I went to this doctor for this medicine, but this doctor doesn't know about this one. Everyone needs to know about it. That's why that medication list is so important. Not only is it help the pharmacist but bring it to all your other doctor appointments. That way they can see everything that everyone is prescribing and we can avoid medication errors and unnecessary use.  I would highly recommend that you see your doctor or health care provider for further evaluation. The depression could be the reason why you cannot sleep but we also have to be careful since you are pregnant. Thanks for submitting a question.  Since SlimQuick is not regulated like medications are, we do not have very reliable information on what is in it or how safe and effective it is. As a pharmacist, I generally steer my patients clear of these weight-loss gimmicks. I would suggest you see a nutritionist and get a personal trainer. Nothing helps you lose weight better than eating less and moving more. Considering your other medical conditions, you should stay away from weight loss supplements that can cause unwanted side effects such as jitters, rapid heartbeat, and elevated blood pressure.  anxiety is nothing but a state of an over excited mind which cause a continues flow of negative thoughts in our mind, it can be controlled by meditation, yoga and exercise and it will also increase your confidence for sure.  Leg pains are very common in FM, including referred pain, nerve pain, restless leg syndrome, and muscle spasm pain. Other causes of leg pain can include disc problems, pinched nerves, peripheral neuropathy, vascular disease, joint disease etc. [Could p]rior work injuries could be involved? Please have your doctor look over any new or persistent pain problems. Antidepressents are known to help FM pain in many people. There's been an accumulating body of medical evidence demonstrating how different antidepressant meds: selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (like Effexor) and tricyclic antidepressants, can help decrease FM pain. It's common for patients not to first realize how much a med may be helping until they go off of it. They may understate or underappreciate the med's pain-relieving benefit while on it, but realize it must have been working because the pain level escalates once off the med. Discuss with your doctor possible additional medicine strategies.    It sure sounds like you are becoming menopausal. One test that would probably help would be to do a blood test to measure your estrogen level (estradiol) and a hormone called FSH (follicle stimulating hormone) -- made by the pituitary, and as the ovaries stop working, the pituitary gets working harder, to try to stimulate them -- and the FSH goes up. If you are having bothersome symptoms, estrogen would most likely help -- and presuming you are basically in good medical health otherwise, your health-care provider could prescribe it to you. Another possibility, as you mentioned that you were dealing with significant depression, would be an SSRI type antidepressant -- it might well help with your mood, and should also help some with hot flashes.  I assume that you are getting help for the stress and depression, which is key in getting your appetite back as well. Here are some tips for eating a balanced diet for gradual and healthy weight gain: Get on a regular eating plan including 3 meals and 2-3 snacks. Plan your meals ahead of time and stick to meals meals that you can put together quickly. Over time, you will build a list of healthy, balanced meals you can make for yourself. Include 3-5 food groups at each main meal including a whole grain, lean protein, fruits, vegetables, dairy and healthy fats. For example, in the morning you might have a big bowl of oatmeal topped with fruit and nuts with a boiled egg. Lunch might be a turkey and avocado sandwich with a green salad and fruit. Include 2-3 food groups at snack time which may consist of cheese and whole grain crackers or an apple with peanut butter or half a peanut butter sandwich with raw vegetables and dip or fruit. Include smoothies with protein powder, fruit and veggies, avocado and yogurt/milk. Add healthy fats to foods. Examples include adding natural peanut or almond butter to toast, nuts to cereal or yogurt and avocado to beans. Find ways to be active most days. Exercising more can increase your appetite and you might want to consider strength training exercise to help you put on muscle. For more on healthy ways to gain weight see this article. Good luck!  Depressive disorders come in different forms, just as do other illnesses, such as heart disease and diabetes. Three of the most common types of depressive disorders are discussed below. However, remember that within each of these types, there are variations in the number, timing, severity, and persistence of symptoms. Major depression Major depression is characterized by a combination of symptoms that last for at least two weeks in a row, including sad and/or irritable mood (see symptom list below), that interfere with the ability to work, sleep, eat, and enjoy once-pleasurable activities. Disabling episodes of depression can occur once, twice, or several times in a lifetime. Dysthymia Dysthymia is a less severe but usually more long-lasting type of depression compared to major depression. It involves longterm (chronic) symptoms that do not disable but yet prevent the affected person from functioning at "full steam" or from feeling good. Bipolar disorder (manic depression) Another type of depression is bipolar disorder, which encompasses a group of mood disorders that were formerly called manic-depressive illness or manic depression. These conditions show a particular pattern of inheritance. Not as common as the other types of depressive disorders, bipolar disorders involve cycles of mood that include at least one episode of mania and may include episodes of depression as well. Bipolar disorders are often chronic and recurring. Sometimes, the mood switches are dramatic and rapid. But most often, they are gradual. When in the depressed cycle, the person can experience any or all of the symptoms of a depressive disorder. When in the manic cycle, any or all of the symptoms listed later in this article under mania may be experienced. Mania often affects thinking, judgment, and social behavior in ways that cause serious problems and embarrassment. For example, indiscriminant or otherwise unsafe sexual practices or unwise business or financial decisions may be made when a person is in a manic phase. A significant variant of the bipolar disorders is designated as bipolar II disorder. Bipolar II disorder is a syndrome in which the affected person has repeated depressive episodes punctuated by what is called hypomania (mini-highs). These euphoric states in bipolar II do not fully meet the criteria for the complete manic episodes that occur in bipolar I. Symptoms of major depression or manic depression Persistently sad, anxious, angry, irritable, or "empty" mood Feelings of hopelessness, pessimism Feelings of guilt, worthlessness, helplessness Loss of interest or pleasure inactivities that were once enjoyed, including sex Insomnia, early morning awakening, or oversleeping Decreased appetite and/or weight loss, or overeating and/or weight gain Fatigue, decreased energy, being "slowed down" Crying spells Thoughts of death or suicide, suicide attempts Restlessness, irritability Difficulty concentrating, remembering, making decisions Persistent physical symptoms that do not respond to treatment, such as headaches, digestive disorders, and/or chronic pain Children and adolescents with depression may also experience the classic symptoms described above but may exhibit other symptoms instead of or in addition to those symptoms, including the following: Poor school performance Persistent boredom Frequent complaints of physical problems such as headaches and stomachaches Change in eating or sleeping patterns. Teen depression may be characterized by the adolescent taking more risks, showing less concern for their own safety. Mania symptoms of manic depression Inappropriate elation Inappropriate irritability or anger Severe insomnia or decreased need to sleep Grandiose notions, like having special powers or importance Increased talking speed and/or volume Disconnected or racing thoughts Severely increased sexual desire and/or activity Markedly increased energy Poor judgment Inappropriate social behavior  I am very biased towards exercise. In fact, some studies have shown that exercise works as good or better than antidepressants for mild to moderate depression. I know with a busy lifestyle it can be difficult to find time for exercise. We often think in terms of being unable to find time for exercise. Instead, we should turn our thinking around, so that we're making time for exercise. Even if it's 20 minutes a day, the benefits will more than pay off. 10 minutes in the morning and 10 minutes in the evening can even do the trick if that's all the time you have. Ideally, 30 minutes of steady exercise a few days a week is best. Here's more information on how truly wonderful exercise can be for depression . If you're interested in supplements, there are several that medical research has shown to be effective. The supplements that have the most evidence to support them are SAMe and St. John's wort. Studies have shown that SAMe may work as well as antidepressants. The studies in this area aren't great but the supplement certainly shows promise. There is a lot of research showing St. John's wort can help as well as some antidepressants. It's been shown to improve mood and anxiety and improve sleep related to depression. Another possibility is 5-HTP, which again has been shown in some studies to work as well as certain antidepressants. If you are already on an antidepressant, you should definitely talk to your doctor before taking any supplement to make sure there are no drug interactions. Of course, if you haven't seen a doctor about your depression, you absolutely should. You want to make sure that is in fact what's going on and that you're getting the right treatment based on your depression. Everyone is different and you and your doctor know your body the best. The two of you can work together to tackle your depression.  The WebMD Parkinson's Disease Health Center is a great place to start. Here is information specifically on Parkinson's Disease Symptoms . There is not much evidence to support the use of vitamins or supplements for Parkinson's , but here is a list of supplements that have been tested and the results so far.  Have you ever tried turning off the TV 1/2 hr before bed? For the last 1/2 hr read a book or whatever you prefer. If you need some form of noise in the background try a fan or classical music. Because, having the TV on or the radio will keep your mind moving. Almost like your still watching TV while you're sleeping. If you keep it on but volume down still will not help you. The constant movement of whatever is on will also keep your brain awake. Hope this helps.  My son has adhd and has been successful with a drug called vyvanse. It took us a few tries to get the right one. Initially, he tried strattera and that was horrible. He was NOT himself - irritable, miserable, beligerant. He now takes 30 mg of Vyvanse and is attentive in school and at home. It's great because it goes to work right away and is out of his body by days end. It is not a drug you have to "build up" in your system.  Hi Google natural ways out of depression, many different ways out of depression, your even find meditation. By doing this you would also become drug free, and that cant be so bad. Good Luck  Hi If your depressed then its that, that is the reason your sex drive is down. Don't blame it on the vas, I had it done in 1976, and have had ED but it was not because of the vas. I would go and get a blood test done it could be that your testosterone is done for a start, thyroid, but get a test done and take it from there. Google natural ways out of depression, but keep away from depression drugs they will affect your sex drive. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Read this its from WebMD, here on site, it should answer all your questions and help relax your problems. http://www.webmd.com/sex/birth-control/birth-control-depo-provera Look google natural ways out of depression you should find some help. Do hope you find what you looking for. Good Luck  Hi According to drugs,com, there are no inter-reactions on either of you drugs with depo shot. For your depression have you thought of trying any natural ways, if not just google natural ways out of depression, lots of ways to try even meditation could be a way out. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Losing a family pet is the sane as losing a relative, it hurts us just the same way and as bad. But the way we all greave is different, it would not be right for anybody to say do or that. But getting a new kitten or a cat from a recue centre, doing this would take your mind off your depression, and would help your recovery and a good way out of being depressed. Having just lost/missing one of ours, it dose hurt, we do love our animals as they become a part of our lives. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you google depo shot side effects, you will find all you need there, but if this is giving you this problem then its time to come off it and find something that suits you best, this may take some time, but best to be healthy than being sad, depressed and moody all the time. The one thing your on it for is to have a happy trouble free sex life, YES, and you cant? Answer, is to come off it, but that is a troubled time for you waiting for your body to get back in the swing of things. Good Luck  Hi, If you think it would be best to come off the drugs, google natural ways out of depression, your find lots of help all without drugs, this way you know that you wont be affecting you future child. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Check the side effects of the drug, it should be there, if its not get back to your doctor ASAP But also google natural ways out of anxiety/depression, if you can get one of these working, you could give up the drugs, your find that even meditation works. But if you do this just come of the drugs very slowly but cutting back the amount each day over 4 weeks. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Check the side effects of the drug, it should be there, if its not get back to your doctor ASAP But also google natural ways out of anxiety/depression, if you can get one of these working, you could give up the drugs, your find that even meditation works. But if you do this just come of the drugs very slowly but cutting back the amount each day over 4 weeks. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, For one I cant think how somebody would want to be, say, sad and depressed , it goes against the grain. So instead of going to the drug cabinet try this, just google natural ways out of depression, lots of ways but just pick one way to go don't mix them up, there even medication, at least this wont fog you brain into making you feel good. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi TLT, You have not said if your on any kind of BC, if not give it a try. Heres 3 links that may through some extra light on your problems. http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/menorrhagia/DS00394/DSECTION=causes http://www.marieclaire.com/health-fitness/advice/female-hormones-cycle http://blogs.webmd.com/womens-health/2010/11/let-it-bleed-causes-of-heavy-periods.html Do hope you find the help you need Good Luck  Hi Have you spoken to you doctor about this? I think to help your problem you should think of the BC pill, try it for a year see if this gets you regulated and perhaps back on a monthly cycle. Your iron perhaps you should be on some low dose iron pills, these would back you system up. So how it goes. Good Luck  Hi Perhaps you need to have blood test done before you period and when your on your period, the blood test would be for hormones. Perhaps the problems stem from hormones. Sites that may help you, http://www.womentowomen.com/emotions-anxiety-mood/depression-mood-and-anxiety-disorders/ http://www.womentowomen.com/emotions-anxiety-mood/anxiety-and-worry-in-women-causes-symptoms-and-natural-relief/ http://www.helpguide.org/mental/depression_women.htm You will need to copy these into google. But these could be helpful to you, and may help you understand your problem a bit better. Have you thought of meditation to help with your problem, may be better that drugs. Do hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi Google this, depression meditation this is something you can both do, if you live together? do it first thing in the morning, they say its a great way to start the day, George Harrison did it with mantras. Do hope this helps you both. Good Luck  Hi Just google natural ways out of anxiety and depression , give things a good read through and take a path ,. But if I remember right meditation is there, could be a good way to go. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well not really shore of that statement, but he could think that now he has lost weight that he is better looking and now wants a younger model, to go with his new image. But its a very hard question to answer, I know if my weight loss is not good, I get unhappy, which could go to depression if I let it, that could make me frustrated, but never get angry with it, get angry at myself in things are not going right. But these don't help you, you would need to dig a lot deeper, how has this built up, I would start there. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi heres 3 links you should find some help within them, did you mean is clinical depression, is it hereditary and not biological ? http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/depression/Pages/Introduction.aspx http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Depression/Pages/Causes.aspx http://www.healthline.com/health/depression/genetic You should also google anxiety and depression, you could find some help lots of different ways you can go. Do hope theres some real help here. Good Luck  Hi I suggest you google natural ways out of depression and paranoid, this way you would be drug free, you could even find that meditation could be a big help for your problems. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes it could well be that, but is he getting the other results he needs? If so he could try meditation, just google, anxiety and meditation. It could work for him, this way he gets the best of both worlds. But if not he will have to slowly bring his injections back to what they were. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think your son needs counselling or see a psychiatrist, for help, but I don't think somehow your get him there. Not if he's that bad. Do hope somehow this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think your find it would be more down to separation anxiety, meds could help and therapy should help, I think a talk with your vet would be the best way for you to go. Hope you get the help you need. Good Luck  Hi Below your find two links, that concern your problems, but as its winter your Ds would be down, if your not getting out in the sun,. I think your testosterone is below normal but not by a lot, but doing some good exercise daily would help or weight lifting, both are natural ways of raising them back up, but you would need to keep it up. So the two links relate to your problems. Now the depression, you could google natural ways out of depression, you should find some drug free help, but dont mix them up just stick to one system. Do hope this all helps you. Good Luck http://www.drfuhrman.com/library/vitamin-d-may-enhance-athletic-performance.aspx http://www.artofmanliness.com/2013/01/16/normal-testosterone-levels/  Hi For its heart worm, do have a good read of this link, could be better and cheaper that a vets, course of treatment at 3.000$. http://www.earthclinic.com/pets/heartworm.html Just copy into google to open and read. As for its depression try these links http://pets.webmd.com/dogs/features/depression-in-dogs http://www.webmd.com/depression/features/pets-depression This next one brings perhaps an answer, you say your just fostering him, perhaps its separation anxiety, this is something any dog can get mine does when I leave him at home always with good people as house sitters, when we get home he wont leave my side for the next 24 hours, do you know if he was just taken somewhere and left, to get on by himself, this could be the cause, just heart broken, but TLC will overcome this, but then you would be passing him on again, so would be getting the same thing again. So never ending, separation anxiety. The next link, http://www.pets4homes.co.uk/pet-advice/can-dogs-suffer-from-depression.html Just copy into google to open and read. Do hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi Then just google natural ways out of depression, I'm sure you find a way, even if its meditation. Means no drugs. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Both stress and depression are sex killers, even worst if your on meds. But if you google natural ways out of depression, your find lots of ways that might help so you can come of the drugs, if you want to go that way, your find that you can do this with meditation as well. Do hope this helps to you getting your sex life back. Good Luck  Hi If you work under fluorescent lights, this saps your Ds, give a problem called Seasonal affective disorder (SAD) is a type of depression that has a seasonal pattern. As with other types of depession, the two main symptoms of SAD are a low mood and a lack of interest in life. You may also be less active than normal and sleep more. Now vitamin D is a big help for it, and you can get most of what you need by being out in the sunshine, with no sunscreens, it works like this, the sun gets picked up in your blood, when it goes through your liver, gets turned into vit D, all very simple. You just need to be out in the sun, they say 20 minutes is enough, But Im out in the sun most of the day, as near naked as one can being a naturist, all very good for me. You should try it? But do have a look at this link. Its all I could find, we have most of our vits at night, after our last main meal. The Link, http://newhope360.com/supplements/best-times-take-vitamins-and-supplements Just copy into google to read it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Its best she takes no drugs, just google natural ways out of depression, by going this way will be a lot better for her and the baby. Your find differant ways to try just pick one and stick to it, theres even meditation. Do hope this helps her. Good Luck  Hi, The first thing would be to see a doctor and get on some meds. Or google natural ways out of depression, here you find lots of ideas for help in curing yourself out of depression, this way your not on drugs, and if you a guy, then by doing this wont affect your sex life, meds for depression are great sex killers, but I do think there is a new one that wont. But please see how you get by doing it yourself, have faith in yourself. Good Luck  Hi Have a look at this, you need to google natural way out of depression and natural ways out of anxiety, or do it for both, lots to read, just find a path and stick with it, see how you get on, but you would need to be off the drugs when you do them. All you can do is try, but if your trying its a path you can follow. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Stress is a great sex killer, if can overcome the stress things should come back to normal, google natural ways out of stress. If he's on meds then that would be were another problem lays. He needs to some to get the stress down, if he knows were its coming from, if its his work, then somehow he need for his own piece of mind change it. OK its easy for me to write that last piece, but that is the truth, and not forgetting to much stress can also be a killer, and don't just mean his penis, it can go a lot deeper. I do hope this helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi Confused, if your on the pill why would you think your pregnant? The oops do you mean that you had a condom break? So if your on the pill why would you freak out then? If your on the pill then you would not have to come off your antidepressant's, If your worried about your meds and coming of them, google natural ways out of depression, lots of ways you can try, and all without drugs. One last thing you say the pill I do hope we were talking about birth control? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you have a family member or good friend who's got depression, then you could get depression with her or him, but this would be from there feelings. But not contagious. Good Luck  Hi, See above answer.  Hi Lets start at the top, you say condoms give you a UTI, have you tried latex free condoms, it could be the latex giving you the problem? Migraines I think your find that sex is good way of relaxing, being relaxed should help hold back the migraines? Depression, try this, google natural ways out of depression, it may help you, that way you could kick the drugs, that would mean less drugs in your body. So berth control, leaves an IUD, the Dutch cap, or the rhythm method, the last one is not that good if he gets it wrong, to be honest its one thing I have never tried, as they say at the point of ejaculation, with draw your penis, but that's the best it, and most of you women love that bit. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So your back to see what the answer is? yes. will just google natural ways out of depression, your find lots of help in ways to help her. But when you do this for her just pick one of several paths she can take, but if one of these paths she goes down is not working for then between you just go down a different one. Do hope this helps her. Good Luck  Hi OK for a start I have a buddy in NY, wish's he had never had his implant, now that was the nice way to put it. Go have look on www.franktalk.org there's a forum for implants, also have a look at the other forums, this way you should get some info on implants. OK your diabetes, have you tried the diet for it, the side effect of diabetes is ED. High cholesterol, if your on statins side effect is ED, but do go and have a read on www.spacedoc.com your find lots of info why you should not be on them, there's so many other ways of controlling it, just google natural ways out of high cholesterol, your find lots of help. Depression again the drugs side effects is ED so again google natural ways out of depression, more you will find, even meditation will help With your CKD, if you get of some of these drugs, this would take some pressure of it, Do you have problems with HBP, hypertension and are you on drugs for it, again The side effects is ED, so another one to google natural ways out of HBP. To do any of this go through your doctor, but go to him with all you facts and why it would be best to come of drugs for each, and dont get fobbed off. Looking at from my way, and Im not a doctor, but have had ED your see me on frank talk now as nowhard. For your ED you say you tried drugs, but how about injections, theres a couple of guys with diabetes, there on injections, could be worth looking into. Do hope something here helps you. Good Luck PS, Make the implant your final choice, once you get it theres no way back, if its get problems or you get problems with it, its good by sex life as you know it.  Hi So your back to see what the answer is? yes. will just google natural ways out of depression, your find lots of help in ways to help her. But when you do this for her just pick one of several paths she can take, but if one of these paths she goes down is not working for then between you just go down a different one. Do hope this helps her. Good Luck  Hi If your a teenager the last thing you need is drugs, just google natural ways out of depression and just follow one of the planned ways, but read through some of them first and then pick one way, it will be far better than drugs. Good Luck  Hi Ok first I would google natural ways out of stress and depression, that should give you to read and advice, then have read of this link from webmd http://www.webmd.com/depression/features/stress-depression This one could help as well. http://www.helpguide.org/articles/stress/stress-symptoms-causes-and-effects.htm This link just copy into google to open and read. Hope these help you. Good Luck  Hi, Ok see if this helps you, there is very good site called earth clinic, it covers natural remedies, this is a link to there depression page. The link, http://www.earthclinic.com/CURES/depression.html And also goole natural ways out of depression, your even find that meditation will help. I hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi, If it was me, I would tell you to go get your favourite bar of chocolate with your best bottle of pop or soda, sit back and enjoy them, but you do this only once, this will make you fill a whole lot better, calm you nerves, ease your pain, and tomorrow your wake filling a whole lot better. But you can only do this the once, you do it no more, it like giving yourself a kick up the 80's, but only the once. Now I do hope this will help you. Good Luck But remember I'm not your doctor, but these things do work.  Hi For me you sound depressed, but I think its for you to kick your self in the pants and get out of it. But google natural ways out of depression, but just stick to one thing don't try mixing them up, and there's also meditation that may help. Good Luck  Hi I think you find we all do this, its a part of life, but if your taken it to the extreme's then it giving you these problems, bet you even get lose bowels, well that's the nervous bit. But if you think you need some help, just google natural ways out of anxiety and depression, there's lots of ways you can do it, even meditation could help. But when you get a problem, don't sleep on it, because you wont, it will keep you awake, if your getting this just get up and watch TV even if its 1.30, it takes your mind of it, just do an hour, then get back to bed and sleep. Hope there's some help here. good Luck  Hi If you see your doctor and work with him, you could be on the wrong hormone, so it would mean coming off what your on give it a few days, and get a blood test, from this they should be able to tell which your low on, and re-start from there, and see how you go then. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Google natural ways out of depression, get this going you should be able to kick the drugs. But don't mix the routes up, just stick to one you think suits you. Do that you may get your real life back, then things should change for you. Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  I have chronic depression and a moral disaster I do not know what to do? I try from time to time video for motivation and hope here's some of it will be meaningful i hope Quotes and Videos Meaningful For Motivation and here some motivation i hope it will be helpful  You can have up and down days and I think it's a question of your body really getting adjusted to the med and how it has to work. It's really a biological reaction and sometimes the body isn't ready to be totally adjusted. The side effects you mention are found with meds, but you should tell your doc about these, too.  One thing we know, for sure, and that's that no medication works for everyone. It's unfortunate, but there has to be a period of trial-and-error in order to find the right medication or combination of medications that may work for you. You also have to consider the fact that you may not really need medication at all. Remember, sometimes learning to help yourself and to cope differently with things that are happening in your life can be very effective in curbing anxiety. You indicated it has been 12 years now that you've had this diagnosis and I'm wondering what besides medication has been tried in order to help you. Has anyone suggested cognitive therapy, mild exercise, self-help techniques, or lifestyle changes? Unfortunately, sometimes treatment plans do not include all of these aspects and, I believe, that may lead to an inadequate result. Hopefully, you are working with an experienced psychiatrist. I would think, however, that there are things you can do for yourself. ...Review your current lifestyle and see if some changes might be helpful. Sometimes, this is one of the simplest things to do and can have the most dramatic result.  Medication alone doesn't always provide sufficient help, and we know that cognitive therapy is often vital to help you improve your situation. Since you are receiving medication, has your prescriber not recommended that you also be in cognitive therapy? I believe this individual should provide a referral for you and the person to whom you are referred should be highly experienced in both anxiety and depression treatment. I also think that you could benefit from using some self-help techniques.  A lack of insurance and an inability to pay more than a minimal amount should never prevent you from getting the help you need and deserve. Licensed professionals, including psychologists, have an ethical responsibility to take a number of "pro-bono" cases. This means for little or no fee. Of course, there is a limit to the number of these cases that anyone can take, but it's worth asking. You can call your local psychologists association, explain your situation and ask for the names of psychologists in your area who would be willing to help you. You can also check social service agencies as well as any major hospital center because these entities generally have access to mental-health providers who require minimal fees.    Monthly hormonal changes cause mood swings and anxiety increases for many women. How to handle this has been an on-going discussion and it would seem that since it only happens during that one time of the month there should be something useful just then. You may wish to discuss this with your doctor or your GYN to see if they may suggest something just for that time of the month. You may also wish to begin engaging in some regular exercise program during the month and see how this might be helpful for you. I would suggest that, before you begin the exercise, you begin keeping a log as you go along. See how your moods may fluctuate with the exercise program and if it does, indeed, help at that specific time of the month.  Whenever someone is taking medications for specific problems, such as psychiatric or orthopedic pain, it would seem a good idea to refer to a specialist. I'm not an M.D., but, certainly, someone who specializes in disorders of the spine, other than a surgeon, should be consulted on your husband's case and might make recommendations as to alternative medications and some course of physical therapy. The Xanax and Klonopin that he is on may be used for muscle relief, too. It is really in someone's clinical judgment where determinations are made regarding which medications to prescribe and a general practitioner may not have the expertise required. My recommendation, therefore, would be to consider a second opinion with specialists in the areas where he needs help.  Sleep isn't always a question of meds. Many times it can be anxiety, built up stress or lack of exercise, too. Yes, anxiety and depression do interfere with sleep, but the most recent research on the subject points to cognitive behavioral therapy being one of the most effective ways to fix this problem. Why not give it some thought and see if you can get a referral to an experienced psychologist?  You bring up two important issues regarding the treatment of ADHD with medications. First, the difficulty finding the right combination of medications when co-existing conditions are present and, second, the use of ADHD medications during pregnancy. When choosing a medication to address ADHD symptoms, it is extremely important to keep co-existing conditions in mind and not make them worse with treatment. Some co-existing conditions such as mild depression/demoralization or anxiety may be the result of untreated ADHD and will improve once the ADHD is treated. However, some stimulants may make anxiety (or depression) worse, particularly those in the amphetamine class, so its best to avoid those if you can if you have anxiety. In addition, other therapies such as cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) have been shown to improve symptoms of anxiety in persons with ADHD. This treatment can be a particularly useful adjunct for those with anxiety/self-esteem issues or who can not take medications for whatever reason. That brings us to the second issue, pregnancy and medications used to treat ADHD. Basically, the stimulants are not recommended for use during pregnancy in order to avoid any possibility of damage to the developing fetus. There have been no studies done in humans, but cardiac defects have been seen in animals given very high doses of stimulants during pregnancy. If you are contemplating getting pregnant, it is best to discuss this with your prescribing physician and ob/gyn and wean off any stimulant treatment.  You bring up two important issues regarding the treatment of ADHD with medications. First, the difficulty finding the right combination of medications when co-existing conditions are present and, second, the use of ADHD medications during pregnancy. When choosing a medication to address ADHD symptoms, it is extremely important to keep co-existing conditions in mind and not make them worse with treatment. Some co-existing conditions such as mild depression/demoralization or anxiety may be the result of untreated ADHD and will improve once the ADHD is treated. However, some stimulants may make anxiety (or depression) worse, particularly those in the amphetamine class, so its best to avoid those if you can if you have anxiety. In addition, other therapies such as cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) have been shown to improve symptoms of anxiety in persons with ADHD. This treatment can be a particularly useful adjunct for those with anxiety/self-esteem issues or who can not take medications for whatever reason. That brings us to the second issue, pregnancy and medications used to treat ADHD. Basically, the stimulants are not recommended for use during pregnancy in order to avoid any possibility of damage to the developing fetus. There have been no studies done in humans, but cardiac defects have been seen in animals given very high doses of stimulants during pregnancy. If you are contemplating getting pregnant, it is best to discuss this with your prescribing physician and ob/gyn and wean off any stimulant treatment.  According to DR. Weil,from his book Spontaneous Happiness, and from the time he was on the DR. OZ show,he recommends the following supplements for depression.Google Dr. Oz Show with Dr. Weil on Depression for more info.  There are no special tests, like blood tests to make that determination. The choice and dosage of anti-derpressant medication is based solely on the medical history and a bit of "trial and error". Until the proper medication and dosage is found, changes are often made. I am not saying this ten minute questionaire was appropriate, but a skilled medical provider can usually pick the right combination of medications and counselling to help.  What should happen? That nurse or medical assistant should be retrained! Other than the inflammation, which is obvious, there should be no long term residuals. I am a bit concerned that you may be having a lymphatic reaction (the red streak), so you medical provider needs to see this and make sure you do not have a secondary infection from this avoidable mistake. Don't pay for this extra office visit, either. You will still need a proper PPD (and it should be absolutely FREE!), and if you need the pneumonia vaccine (administered properly, of course), I would insist on a freebee as well.  There is really nothing non-surgical that can permanent fix asymmetrical breast sizes. Sure, you can use padding on the smaller side to fill the gap in the bra, but that does not alter your self-image when that bra is removed. Just about every female patient that I have had over the years who underwent a breast surgery for enlargement, making them firmer after a few kids, or even having a breast reduction, are happy. Prices vary on this cosmetic procedure, but so do prices on used cars! You can spend $5000 (a guess, since the price varies) on a boob-job or $5000 a used car. The breast job does not require gasoline, insurance, or much maintenance; and will last a lifetime. The car? It will eventually fall apart. You can get a car loan to buy it....you can get a boob loan to pay for surgery if this is important to you. You will likely be glad that you did and your husband....I don't think he will be complaining very much. I know that money can be tight, but making a modest monthly payment to pay off your new breasts is really something I think most families can financially manage with a bit of planning. You had two children.....your deserve it. Many cosmetic surgeons have free consultations. Make a few appointments and take your husband with you.  I do not believe that sex deprivation causes harm. Countless people on this planet are celebate, like priests or nuns, and are quite well-adjusted. Humans have many biological urges. If a person cuts you off in traffic, you may want to cause him harm, but you do not. As a child in a candy store, you may have the urge to steal candy, but you don't. You have strong sexual urges and you may be having difficulty dealing with them. Because you also have depression, anxiety, OCD, and panic attacks, all of these feelings may be overwhelming you. Yes, you do need some help. I am sorry but I am not aware of any web sites that deal with sexual deprivation, but this would not be the way to go for you. I do not know if you are a religious man, but you may be able to find help through a church or church-sponsored organization. Many communities have community mental health facilities that can provide some immediate and long-term care for you, perhaps in the way of medications or counseling. Rather than spend time on the Internet searching for sites that deal with sexual deprivation, devote this time to help yourself find the proper care in your area. I am confident that you will find help.  Have you thought about bariatric weight loss surgery?  Some forms of clinical depression -- those types that are due to problems with brain chemicals -- may be hereditary, but keep in mind that this is a very complex diagnosis and just because it runs in the family does not imply that all family members will get it. Your two sons should be evaluated.  That is really a decision that only you and your wife can make, after discussing this with her OB and the medical clinician that is treating her depression. In most cases, people can begin trying to get pregnant quite soon after a miscarriage, but since I do not know any of the details of your wife's case, this is not something that we should try and blindly determine on-line.  You need to see a for an extensive array of testing. These visits can last five or more hours and are expensive, but insurances typically will pay for them with prior approval.  Actually, you may be more likely to have depression after a miscarriage, than a normal delivery. While a miscarriage may be "Nature's Way", it can be devastating. My own daughter had a miscarriage years ago, and it took her a long time to recover. I strongly suggest that you get some immediate psychological help and perhaps, some antidepressants to help you cope with this very tragic event. And tell you boyfriend that is was NOT YOUR FAULT. If you have anything to be angry and upset about, it should be his insensitive lack of support. You will get over this, but each woman has their own time line when it comes to healing this very deep wound.  Dosage of Zoloft is INDIVIDUALLY determined by your medical provider, based on your medical history, response to previous treatments, level of symptoms, etc. There are not "common ranges", just the proper dosage that is determined by your medical provider, and even this dosage must be titrated or adjusted based on your clinical response. I am not sure of the reason you are asking this question, but the pharmacological management of OCD, anxiety, and depression is not something YOU should be doing on your own.  Not technically, although a parent of a teenager can sure have depression and anxiety 13 years later. After three years (or 13), it not considered post-partum depression, but it is depression (and/or anxiety) nonetheless. This person needs medical help.  You should check with your doctor... I suffer from Anxiety/Depression, and was off my meds while TTC and during early pregnancy... however, I got worse around week 10... and my phsychiatrist and ob/gyn agreed I sholud go back on meds... I was on Paxil CR pre-pregnancy, and got a prescription for Zoloft during pregnancy... I did great, and was put off them again a few weeks ago in preparation for breastfeeding, but I know that I might have to go back on meds postpartum..  I have had Fibromyalgia for thirty years. It is a debilitating condition that had gotten progressively worse through the years. I was at a point where I was physically unable to do most things people take for granted. Walking, climbing stairs, standing from a sitting position had become extremely difficult. The overwhelming pain and stiffness throughout my body was never ending. I spent years going to countless doctors to no avail. The medical community does not have any answers for this condition. I was living on pain medication which had little effect. I tried a support group at a local rehab hospital and did not find it helpful. In fact, I found it to be depressing. I have always tried to be positive through this whole ordeal. I never gave up searching for the "cure". I have to admit I was getting discouraged. I had lived most of my life in constant pain, something no one can understand unless they have experienced it. It was discouraging to think I would spend the rest of my life like this. My sister called me on day last year stating that she had heard of a local doctor who had opend a practice dedicated to treating pain. He claimed to have a treatment for Fibromyalgia. I felt I had nothing to lose so I made an appointment to see him. His name is Dr. D'Amato. His practice is called Calmar Pain Refief Therapy and is located in West Warwick, Rhode Island. After the first treatment I felt a difference in my level of pain. I continued for ten more threatments over the course of two weeks. At the end of my treaments the pain and stiffness was almost gone!! My level of pain was down 95%. It was my '"cure". I felt I was given my life back. I was able to return to a life I left a long time ago. I started exercising again. Before I became disabled by the fibro, I was very active and exercised regularly. After my treatment, I joined a gym, started walking and swimming regularly. I am still working out with a trainer just as I did many years ago. I am recommending anyone with pain to Google Calmar Pain Relief Therapy. It is almost a year after my treatments and although I have noticed a little regression with some of the pain I am still 85% to 90% pain free. I know you live in another state but It would be worth the trip. Plus Rhode Island is a very pretty state to visit. Good Luck  I'm not a medical professional, but I am also bipolar, and used to take lamictal, for several years. I am approximately twice your size, and took 200mg BID, and Abilify. If I were in your place, I would talk with my Dr about trying to get off the Lexapro, as you are now taking 2 anti-convulsive medications, which I've always been leery of, and ask about adding something along those lines.  This happens and could be from hormone issues that somehow primed your brain as a girl while you were a growing baby in your mother's womb, though genetically a boy. You do need to see PhD therapists and talk to pediatric specialists as this has lots of implications and possible options, including gender reassignment surgery later in life. Good luck.  Some antidepressents are known for causing a depletion of normal sexual desire. I would try disscusing with your doctor which of these medications or more prone to having this side effect and if its that important to you maybe try a different medication.  I was on Effexor for quite a while and found it very effective. However, when I started to have problems with muscles and aches....not knowing that I was probably dealing with Fibromyalgia......I switched to Cymbalta. I have found it to be helpful with the aches. Your pain sounds like you may be having problems with your sciatica.....a nerve that runs from your lower back, down through your butt....and then down the leg. It can be very painful. I have had spinal injections that have been helpful, and for a brief time participated in a pain management program. Sometimes it is hard to figure what comes first, the chronic pain or the depression. I will say that effective pain management does allow me to focus more on dealing with the depression. Talk with your doctor about developing a plan that can try to address both issues. Best Wishes to you...  I am not sure about your mental health background but if your not feeling like the symptoms your having dont seem to fit your meds. Research yourself try to force motivate. If you feel depressed your pill is what you need probably. Also just for me, have you ever checked yourself for Aspergers disease its a condition that people have and feel less emotions or you're less emotional than most people. Your not as happy but your not sad and you don't show alot of emotion? Relationships are hard because your partner complains you emotionally don't give as much...take care, I hope this helps.  Don't go off your meds without discussing with your doc, as going off your meds could also cause side effects. I have seen SJW work for some folks but its data is pretty weak scientifically. Sometimes it is worth a try. If it fails, go back to the FDA stuff.  Women are at greatest risk for depression around puberty, post partum, and around menopause statistically. ... These are times when estrogen levels falter; I think serotonin and neurotrophic factors (brain growth and health chemicals) also falter. This likely conveys some risk for depression. Let's face it, these times are also stressful for women, which raises depression risk. Given the recurrence of your depression, I would suggest that whatever med you take next that resolves your depression, stick with it much much longer to hopefully prevent future depressions.  It is a good med that has been around since the '50s. Need to watch certain specific foods - fava beens, aged cheese, smoked meat, certain alcohols to name a few or you risk a spike in blood pressure and stroke. There are also many prescription and over-counter meds you cannot take. check with your pharmacist all the time on every single med before taking. Works well for depression and some anxiety issues. Fatigue, dizz[iness], weight gain can happen. We usually use MAOIs when a few other modern meds fail to work.  I think it is tough in that you want to balance your child's autonomy and also make sure they get the care they need. I would ask your child to sign a release of information where their counselor at college is free to contact you and disclose information. Then have a discussion with therapist that you would like to be notified of future appointments (so you can push your kid to attend) and also of missed appointments. Some campuses may have a support group -- the student counseling service at college might be able to direct [you to] -- they may even run the groups.  More often than not, one of these two sleep symptoms occurs in people suffering from depression. Hyposomnia (too little sleep): Patients report that they cannot fall asleep, stay asleep, or wake up hours before they are supposed to. They report next-day fatigue, irritability, and an inability to concentrate. Hypersomnia (too much sleep): Patients report that they sleep fine at night but often will oversleep, perhaps until noon. They will then doze off and nap much more during the day.  This is a vitamin-type product that seems to be turning the corner from a good idea to a reasonable, almost proven treatment for depression. 1) Folate is an essential nutrient in our diet. It can be found in spinach, lentils, liver, asparagus, beans, and collard greens. Some research studies have shown that folate tablets can help treat depression, but these are small and poorly regulated studies. 2) Your liver takes the folate you eat in your diet and converts it to a special form of brain folate called L-methylfolate (LMF). However, your liver has the ability to only convert a little bit of regular folate into brain LMF at a time. Therefore you can eat all the spinach in the world but still only get little bits of LMF into your brain at a time. 3) Once in the brain, LMF has the theoretical ability to provide nerves with the ability to make more neurotransmitters such as serotonin. This boost in serotonin allows antidepressants that work by manipulating serotonin to have a greater chance to work their antidepressant mechanisms. LMF tablets are available by prescription now as they are considered a medical food, similar to prenatal vitamin classifications. 4) More stringent research studies that compare LMF to placebo sugar pills are being published and scrutinized, and it appears that adding LMF products to antidepressants may improve depression symptoms. These studies are preliminary in nature but are clearly better regulated and supportive in that LMF may be safe and help in the treatment of depression. Larger, 400 patient studies are needed to prove definitive antidepressant effects, but these current medium sized studies are promising.  ECT is generally performed by a psychiatrist at a hospital. You can have your general doc or your psychiatrist refer you to an ECT expert psychiatrist. They meet you, go over info about ECT and set it up if you are a good candidate. It is a bona fide and good treatment for certain individuals. It is no longer barbaric with patients thrashing around having full body seizures. Basically, you are under anesthesia and your brain has a seizure and your body does not. Info about side effects are noted on the link noted. Other links: www.acnp.org/g4/GN401000108/Default.htm for those who like medical jargon www.nami.org/Content/NavigationMenu/Advocate_Magazine/E-Newsletter/20065/GMA_Transcript.htm for those who like stories  1. Depression may be inherited from family members. The more family you have that are depressed, the more likely you will be. Perhaps genetics is to blame for about 30% of depression where stress, family upbringing, trauma and personality style is the other 70%. 2. You may inherit genes for depression...you can also inherit the ability to respond to certain medicines that other family members respond too. So, if your dad responded well to prozac, your chances are good too as you likely have the same type of 'genetic' depression which was reversed by prozac in your dad. Doctors should ask you if you have had a family history of depression AND what meds your family took and their response to it.  There are 20 different meds you can try and sometimes it make sense to go until you find one that fits a bit better. You likely did not try them long enough and yes, sometimes you get [the] worst first. But you have others you can try. Psychotherapy has no side effects; ask to be referred to a psychologist for counseling perhaps.  ...It makes sense to take them at same time each day, but it is not 100% necessary. Antidepressants are made to work with each tablet.. For example if you take it one day you are not depressed and if you miss a day you get depressed.... They are not 'on/off' switches. The idea is to take antidepressants every day so they build up in your system and then they start to work 4-6 weeks later as a cumulative effect over time. ...  Tough issues. The discharging hospital or her primary doc or her psychiatrist could order a visiting nurse to come once or twice a day to administer meds and check on her mental state. That leaves several hours where she will be alone. Your friend could hire a nurse (sometimes insurance won't pay) to come for 4-6 hours or a home health aide. Probably again, he should ask the hospital social work department for advice about who to call in his area.  1- Start with any therapist you like. Ask if they use time-limited short-term therapy, or open-ended long-term. If the latter, ask how long is long term. 2- Work with your therapist weekly for 8-12 sessions. Often patients feel they don't click, have some conflict and quit therapy too soon. Just like patients quit medicines too soon. A key to therapy is to discuss that you feel you are not getting along or there are conflicts in the therapy itself. Sometimes it is not the content of what happened to you during the week that is important to discuss, it is the process of dealing with your therapist that is actually the therapy! 3- If you are not at least partially better after about 6 months, seriously ask your therapist what chance you have of responding to their therapy techniques. Consider adding a med, add a group therapy that uses a different style or skill, consider changing therapists. 4- If you are not better at all after a year, really consider a new therapist who uses a different therapy style. It doesn't mean your therapist is poor at doing therapy, it means the therapy style isn't helping you. If you are gradually improving, even at a slow pace, stick with the therapist forever -- as long as you are improving. Some therapies can take several years, but expect to see gradual improvement. 5. Like using antidepressants, some meds don't work for some people. So, we switch and add meds around. Some psychotherapies do not work for some people either. Know when to stay in and know when to get out. Have this discussion with your therapist if you feel stuck.  We often use a simple mnemonic in practice: There are 9 typical symptoms S leep disruption or oversleeping M ood lowering I nterest loss or loss of enjoyment G uilty or worthless feelings E nergy loss/fatigue C oncentration loss A ppetite changes P sychomotor change (being either agitated or slowed down) S uicidal thinking If you have 5 or more of these consistently, the depression may be occurring. There are several types of depression and depression often travels with other psychiatric problems (anxiety, alcoholism, etc.) so the above is the tip of the diagnostic iceberg. if you or someone you know has these symptoms, they may want to bring it up with their family doc!  1. Depression may be inherited from family members. The more family you have that are depressed, the more likely you will be. Perhaps genetics is to blame for about 30% of depression where stress, family upbringing, trauma and personality style is the other 70%. 2. You may inherit genes for depression...you can also inherit the ability to respond to certain medicines that other family members respond too. So, if your dad responded well to Prozac, your chances are good, too, as you likely have the same type of "genetic" depression which was reversed by Prozac in your dad. Doctors should ask you if you have had a family history of depression AND what meds your family took and their response to it.  Do not change your meds without consulting your prescriber. I am very concerned with many, many... folks dropping, lowering, changing their meds without their doctor's advice. We doctors know you patients do this a lot, no matter what our advice. May I suggest that if your med isn't working or is giving you side effects, call or make an appointment with your doc. I have at least 20 ways to treat depression with meds and probably 20 antidotes to side effects my meds give you all. As a doc, I'd like a call saying, "Hey this med is great but I have a side effect, what can I do to stay on the med and get my side effects to go away?" FINALLY, if you stop some meds cold turkey you can have anywhere from a mild withdrawal to a seizure and coma with others. In my career, I have had to put 2-3 patients in the hospital for medical emergencies due to withdrawal. If they would've called me, we could have lowered the meds safely and moved forward.  Lithium is usually added to an antidepressant as an add-on strategy. I usually use it combined with a partially effective antidepressant. The data suggests some people respond within a few days and another batch responds gradually over several weeks.  You may have sleep apnea. Get to s sleeplab and they will monitor your sleeping for this and if it is not this they may can help anyway or refer to you someone who can.  It's highly possible that the ADHD meds your taking are having an impact on increasing your depression levels.. Try resolving to a different type of ADHD medication?  Unfortunately, there is no way anyone could recommend a medication for you here on this site. There are many medications and combinations of medications that might be used to treat and , and your doctor or medical team together will know your health history best and which medications or other treatments would be best for you and your health. We hope you'll work closely with your doctor or doctors to find a treatment that will help. The WebMD Answers Staff  If you suspect you've overdosed on any medication, contact a poison control center or emergency room immediately. US residents can call the US National Poison Hotline at 1-800-222-1222. Canada residents can call a provincial poison control center.  yes actually it gets worse if not treated which can lead to suicidal thoughts.. its better to talk to a sphycologist and they well eventually refer you to a sphychiatrist who will prescribe you medication it helps alot and its much better than feeling hopeless  As a person who has been diagnosed with depression and Anxiety for over 14 yrs, I can tell you from experience that yes, Depression can and will cause fatigue. I am still fighting with fatigue and lack of finding anything fun. I can sleep for over 48 hrs and still be tired. I do have my good days though. I hope that my feedback helps answer your question. Hang in there : ) Have you tried seeing a Dr or Therapist about this issue? If not, I would suggest it.  it's safe if your doctor said it is, and only then. adjusting your medication on your own can cause severe side effects, especially if you're using multiple at the same time. because of your low weight, they may not be able to increase it much, either. give them a call if you feel you need to have a change made -usually, you can talk over the phone or they can squeeze you in. also, remember neither of these are fast-acting medications so increasing your dosage suddenly won't do much. coping skills are your best option for quick and near instant results, though medication will help you in the long run. source: three-ish years of being on anxiety/depression medication in conjunction with an eating disorder. i've also seen around five different psychiatrists.  I suggest going to your doctor and describing exactly what you are going through. Also, if this is not the first time this has happened, you need to mention that as well. When you are severely agitated, do you feel like you are outside yourself looking in and wanting to stop yourself from doing or saying whatever is going on, but it's like you have no control over what you are doing? Make a list of all the things that you do or feel so you don't forget, like if you have tons of energy out of the blue, or go on major shopping sprees, or if you feel like no one cares about you or your feelings. Search deep within yourself, even the things that you hate to think about, much less talk about, and write it all down and go to your doctor. he may have some options for you. I am no doctor, but by what you described is what I used to feel like and then some. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and anxiety disorder. I used to get panic attacks all the time but they went away. I'm not diagnosing you, but suggesting that you see a doctor. You may just be going through something that happens when the seasons change, ironically called Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD.)  In some cases, yes. I have dealt with depression for five years now and I go through periods of anger, periods of self-doubt, periods of emotional breakdowns. Talk to your doctor about getting back on the meds  Problaby go to the hospital emergency or call 911  I've been taking Lamictal since I was about 8 years old, so 10 years, for the same reason. It really helps me, as long as I don't miss a dose. Try not to miss any doses, and it should work.  Could be post traumatic stress or depression! Being really low all the time and emotional is how I figured out I had depression! Go get a professionals opinion!  Sounds like you have diabetes. It can cause sweating. Cold skin. And mood swings. Depression. And does run in family. You need to have a blood test. A1c will tell your Dr. if you do have it. And what your sugar has been running for the last 3 month's. If it does come back positive. He will put you on medication. Depending if you have type 1 or type. After your on the meds. or insulin. Your mood swings will calm down. I have diabetes, and have had every thing you have mentioned. The sooner the better. You can control it. But there is no cure.  All these sympotm your are describing are common with anxiety.they are uncomfortable at first, but give the meds a chance to work, and you will see that some and maybe all of these symptoms will go away in time.  Clonazepam is for anxiety and is addictive. There are other drugs for depression like Effexor, Paxil, etc. Was she seen by a psychiatrist. That's the doctor who should prescribe these medications for her.  There is at least one clinical trial that showed L-Arginine to be an effective ED treatment. The studied dose was 5,000 mg/day for 6 weeks. About two-thirds of the patients showed improvement. You might want to try that before an implant.  There are so many different companies producing tattoo in right now that it would be very difficult to answer this question with a yes or a no. My suggestion would be to go to the tattoo shop that you're interested in getting tattooed at and ask the artist directly. Any reputable artist will either have the answer or the ability to answer it.  There is a site you can go on for all the support you need it is www.patientslikeme.com.there you can get support,suggestions,help,ask questions and track your pain and any progress along the way.I use it and it is a great site  if you are in a tick area i would get tested for lyme disease  i sufer from depression.i would check with my doctor first.  I also suffer from depression, stemming from Multiple Sclerosis. Initially I didn't feel I was stressed either. Mr doctor told me that dealing with the pain from the MS was causing the depression.  Many towns like Virginia Beach have Soup Kitchens for the needy. At many of those kitchens there is usually a clinic where you can get help without health insurance.  Man I have the same problem. I'm not sure as to why, but I have very very low testosterone. Have lots of Hair, back, chest. Sick lol for me. But seriously, I had scan too no tumors, low sex drive, very fatigued. Depression very bad. I've looked for an answer for 20 yrs and came up with nothing, but keep trying right? Don't give up hope.  Look I wouldn't worry if you can't get off antidepressants, diabetics can't come off insulin, & if you feel good stay on them, as a friend of mine told me once you can't tell when my son is on medication but you can tell when he comes off it, I have experienced this too so I know what you mean, I have had bad depression due to a bad relationship & coming off sleeping pills as using them to help me cope not for sleeping, if I get married then I will worry about them then, my Dr said if you are happy on them & they causing no problem stay on them, it's nothing to be ashamed of, just be careful who you tell though, as some people very unkind. Hope this helps  Yes I think you should be able to as I was on an antidepressant also until my depressant kicked in Dr gave me some stuff like Xanax, back in NZ which was very helpful it means you can start living again until the antidepressants kick in, then just take xanax as needed, I am on no xanax on anything @ the moment only 2 antidepressants but will be gng back to Dr in Feb 2014 & hopefully getting on to some anti anxiety med when needed only, hope this is helpful  Mac, The cautionary statements here are for real. It's not just the return of depression or anxiety symptoms that you're facing here. Your doctor can help you taper off gradually to avoid the worst of the discontinuation effects.You don't want to do this without the help of your doctor's office. http://www.webmd.com/depression/guide/withdrawal-from-antidepressants >>Symptoms most often occur within three days of stopping the antidepressant. They are usually mild and go away within about two weeks. Symptoms can include:<< Dizziness and balance problems Electric shock sensations Headache Trouble sleeping Vomiting  Justv, Your doctor's office can work with you to find a solution. Call them before you start on your leftovers. You'll run out of those before too long anyway. Your doctor's office probably solves this kind of problem frequently. Tips for Cutting Prescription Costs http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/reducing-medication-costs-topic-overview Prescription Assistance Clearinghouse www.Pparx.org/  Yes!!! Defiantly!!! This often is a sign of deeper underlying problems such as abuse or suicidal leanings. Get help!!!  You need to slowly decrease your dosage to slowly get Celexa out of your system. Whatever you do do not stop taking it cold turkey or else you could end up with some major problems. If you are taking 40mg a day I would take 20mg for several days & then drop it to 10mg a day for several days. I would then skip a day between doses for about a week. This is the only way to come off Celexa. I know this because my nurse practioner told me this when I came off Celexa.  Checked with my Dr. and put me back on Zoloft. No more nausea thank goodness. Now I can function properly.  Best Herpes Dating Sites are 1. Www.HRomance.Com 2. Www.PossitiveSingle.Us  hiya,i have exactly the same problem as you! makes me feel so self conscious and as for wearing bigger underwear that was a useless comment! i have really found that using a hula hoop works well for this along with using a vibro plate 10 mins a day. Also i have found quite a good website which has helped me as i can now see a difference. check it out www.callaneticsstudio.com i hope this helps as i have had tge problem for a few years and made me miserable and limited in which clothes i could wear without feeling lumpy  First are you a female? If so how old? It may be menopause. And they do have medication for that. You might also want to check and see if you are border line diabetic. People who have diabeties can have night sweats.  Stress and depression can very well be causing this. I would see a doctor they maybe able to help you regulate you menstrual cycle.  it's urgent to talk to your doctor about all of these things. if you don't have a therapist or psychiatrist , talk to your regular primary care doctor about these concerns. they will probably refer you to get a mental health evaluation and see a therapist/psychiatrist. the psychiatrist may or may not put you on meds to help with these issues. you could have Depression with Generalized Anxiety disorder or Bipolar disorder.  not sure at all, but my best guess is xanax helps really calm you down (for anxiety) and prozac puts you in a better mood (for depression). a year ago, i was put on 10mg of prozac for depression and i just felt in a better mood. but i think both meds help with both depression and anxiety.  Could be Migraine, however check with your doctor, just to be sure and safe. Thanks  am male, fighting same problem in fact strange to read your drug list. I did all those for years, and began to experience impotence and anhedonia-no feeling "down there". My doctor dismissed it as the SSRIs; turned out I had low T and am just working thru it. I had "situational depression" and now regularly do cognitive behavioral prophylaxis, no drugs, but I wonder is coming out of low T being altered by years on 10-11 SSRIs and neurtropics? I am a dvm and phd in neurology-I know the "possibles" and wish I had "quick fix answer". Bottom line- let's keep being honest with our doctors, and deal with each issue as best we can. Thanks for sharing your situation as it mirrors mine. I see recovery in full for us both IF we hang in there! God bless you john m  You might want to look up information about Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder or (PMDD). It's a severe form of PMS. I had PMDD and was on anti-depressants as well, but right around the time I was due for my menstrual cycle, I too felt like my meds weren't working. Keep trying to get in touch with your psychiatrist.....  Chronic Fatigue along with diabetes and depression can play a big role in your problems. Also the medications that you maybe on could also be a factor. I've got IBSD, CFS, FIBROMYALGIA, HERNIATED DISC, GERD, DDEPRESSION, SLEEP APNEA, VITAMIN DEFICIENCIES 2ND TO IBSD, and many other health problems. I have periods where I can sleep anywhere from 48-72 hrs straight. I used to take Provigil when I worked graveyards. When I've spoke to my doctor about this he looks at me as if I'm either crazy or lying. Have you tried any meds for this?  Xanax is a benzodiazepine & works by slowing down the movement of chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced, thus resulting in a reduction in nervous tension. It is usually used to treat anxiety & panic disorders, and anxiety caused by depression.  most anything  Usually anti psychotic drugs have serious side effects, just stop taking them (Depends of the amount of pills you take please reduce it slowly and let your doctor knows that you are planning to leave them). Considering that anxiety can be just a mild stress situation. It can be treated with alternative medicine (natural) instead. I know the odor coming from your nose and mouth can be produce by the anti-acids you probably take for your stomach. Please leave these OTC as well, I will suggest to find out what it triggers your anxiety and to learn about your condition, might be better option and easier way to fight anxiety. If you look for professional help, get a holistic doctor. You might also get into a eating regimen, avoid foods that will upset your stomach. eg. Pizza, tomato sauce, chocolate, orange juice.Instead eat rice, oatmeal, almond milk they will sooth the lining of your tummy. Regarding your depression I am sure is associated with all of this medication pills for anxiety and anti-acid relievers that are affecting your gut where we find our neurotransmitters, if we lack our system to produce this important chemicals we are going to feel somehow sad and tired. It is very crucial that if you do all this changes, do it progressively and exercise at least three times a week. Remember we have to remove toxicities from our body, medications stays in your system for a long period. Be patient.  Best thing i did was got a note book and wrote everything down that was on my mind and it was the best thing i ever did it helped me out alot  It is not normal to hear voices when depressed. Sometimes depression can make you feel unlike yourself and feel as if you are a completely different person because you no longer enjoy the activities you used too and you just don't want to talk to anyone. But it sounds like you may have something more serious going on. I'd seek out a psychiatrist.   atypical depressionis not unusual. In fact, it may be the one of the most common types of depression  and some doctors even believe it is underdiagnosed.  hello -- in the depression community, http://forums.webmd.com/3/depression-exchange/forum/6522 (first and tenth posts), we have a list of resources for finding free/low-cost medical care, including counseling. take a look there for some other ideas. i'm so sorry you are suffering such heartache. -- susie margaret  hey, iv got a nursing degree, and also experiencing permanant weird thought patterns post drug use,but antipsychotics arent doing anything, which makes me question what has gone wrong with my mind. But for you you are definately suffering signs of schizophrenia, in my opinion these are paranoid, ie goverment is trying to find you, you have auditory and visual hallucinations ie seeing and hearing things that dont exist, plus your own language.  Yes, I take that same meds. It help a little but it takes a while to take effect. Trying find something on journal or atrical for this condotion and is it related to chrinic Fatigue Syndrome?  Please tell someone, I went through the same thing at your age, I went to my friends mom, she was very helpful, find a aunt, friends mom, teacher, coach, someone who you feel close to, remember to breathe and that it will get better xoxo  Thank you for the answer. We went and saw a psychiatrist already. He is in depression and starting to take medication now. Just hope he will become well. I know it takes time to come out of depression and we will see through it. Thanks again NOHARD.:)  