I'M TYPE 2 HAVE SEVERE NEUROPATHY I'VE TAKEN GABAPENTIN AND IT DID NOTHING THEN I STARTED TAKING LYRICA AND WOW I COULD NOT LIVE WITHOUT IT FOR REAL AND AT NIGHT I TAKE REQUIP  I do not know, it raised my blood glucose after consumption  can certain medications cause diabetes?  liver  I understand what your going through, not sure the cause because I have not yet visited a doctor, i'm seventeen and just got married but also, have not had a period since may 2013 and it's now November 2013. this may not help but you know your not alone. And I'm not pregnant.!  Update: I took it again at 0900 and it's still 400....  Tell her to goto another doctor, those are also symptoms of a heart attack. Don't want to cause undue worry but I had those symptoms that was leading up to my heart attack.  My doctor told me that it doesn't matter which finger you use  There is a definite relationship between rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and type 1 diabetes. Both of these diseases are considered autoimmune disorders where the bodys immune system attacks itself. In the case of RA, the synovial lining of the joints and in type 1 diabetes, the beta cells of the pancreas are attacked. People who have the gene PTPN22 are susceptible to both of these diseases. Both of these diseases result in elevations of inflammation markers such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Drugs such as Enbrel, Humira, and Remicade are FDA approved for the treatment of RA and fight against tumor necrosis factor. Although these drugs are not approved for the treatment of diabetes, they do have an effect on insulin sensitivity and the beta cells of the pancreas, which produce insulin. Therefore it is not surprising that a flare in RA can affect blood glucose levels. So not only is inflammation common to both diseases, but the drugs used to treat RA flares such as the anti-tumor necrosis factor alpha medications or the use of steroids, such as Prednisone, can affect blood glucose levels. You should discuss with your doctor any changes you have made in treating the two diseases. Be sure you keep both your rheumatologist and endocrinologist informed so they can work together to keep your RA and diabetes under control.  Before using any over the counter medication, diabetics should first discuss with their doctor whether the medication is safe and appropriate. A common medication used for runny noses is a decongestant. Decongestants are available either as a pill or as a nasal spray. Common decongestants found in pill form include pseudoephedrine and phenylephrine. Both of these ingredients may raise blood glucose and blood pressure levels. People with diabetes should only use decongestants cautiously and under the direction of a doctor. Because of its misuse and side effects, pseudoephedrine is found behind the pharmacy counter. This measure means that pharmacists can make sure that pseudoephedrine is being used appropriately. Phenylephrine may be found on the store shelves. Remember that many cold medications contain multiple ingredients. Be sure to read carefully all the ingredients in a preparation. Many cold preparations contain non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS) such as ibuprofen (Advil) or naproxen (Aleve). These agents can be harmful to the kidneys of diabetics and, if pain is not an issue, may not be needed. Therefore, buying separate ingredients rather than a combination medication may be safer. A nasal decongestant works more quickly than a decongestant taken by mouth. This preparation is sprayed into each nostril. Nasal decongestants usually do not have a significant effect on blood glucose or blood pressure levels because their effect is mainly local. However, if used excessively, they can have effects on glucose and blood pressure. The important downside to nasal decongestants is a possible rebound effect that makes your nose even more congested if you use them for more than 3 to 5 days. For that reason, they are best for short-lived colds and not for persistent allergies. Saline nasal sprays are safe for diabetics and do no affect blood glucose levels. Nasal strips are another good option and are available over the counter. The strips work by mechanically opening the nostrils. Antihistamines are a commonly used for a runny nose. Antihistamines can help dry a runny nose due to an allergy, but are not helpful for a runny nose due to the common cold. Antihistamines do not raise blood glucose levels and are usually safe for diabetics. However, some of the older over-the counter antihistamines cause sleepiness. This can be a real problem in diabetics, especially when combined with sedatives or alcohol. Diphenhydramine (Benadryl) is an antihistamine that causes sleepiness, but fexofenadine (Allegra), loratadine (Claritin) and cetirizine (Zyrtec) are less sedating. The most important step, though, in treating your symptoms is to be sure you have the correct diagnosis. Go over your symptoms and signs with your doctor. Many times, what seems to be an allergy may in fact be a bacterial sinus infection. Bacterial sinus infections are common in diabetics and need to be treated with antibiotics, which are only available by prescription. So dont rush out and buy an over-the-counter preparation without first talking with your provider.  Yes, This is very normal. You said you haven't had your period in 2 years. Your releasing all that backed up blood. You will experience:  your eating to much meat and procesed foods when you eat meat your body first treats it like something intruding which makes your imune system weak and it takes so long to digest it makes your cells tired and iritability comes with being tired try eating raw fruits and vegtables and take vitamins daily look up Gerson theory  When a person has a blood sugar level of 400 mg/dl, it's no joke.The human body goes into a protective mode and attempts to remove the excess sugar through the urine. This can lead to an extreme state of dehydration, and may cause seizures, being placed in a coma state, and even death. A second condition seen in patients with blood sugar levels in the 400 mg/dl range is the hyperglycemic build-up of ketone acids in the blood. This causes individuals to become sleepy, become mentally confused, have trouble breathing, and again, may even result in death. Having a chronic blood sugar level in the 400 mg/dl may result in eye disease (even blindness), kidney disease, and amputations. It will almost certainly shorten the quality of your life and probably shorten your life expectancy. How serious is a 400 mg/dl glucose result? As you can see by the potential negative consequences listed by me... "It is a grave matter and it couldn't be much more serious."  I wish that I had better news for you. It is a certainty that you did everything you could to help your son before he passed away. And now you are facing the same scary situation again. Unfortunately, sometimes despite our most valiant efforts to help a sick family member, they seem to be on a self-destruct mission and will implode. At 21 years old, your grandson is all grown-up and considered a man. You cannot force him to change his reckless lifestyle or to seek professional help. To be honest, he seems to heading for either death or prison. Here are my recommendations to help with the challenges that he presents to you: Do not enable his behavior by giving him money or by helping him to circumvent his personal responsibilities, Keep yourself physically and emotionally safe. If you feel that danger is in the air by way of your grandson, then detach yourself from his life. That may mean having him legally removed from your home, having locks changed on your residence, calling the police for help, or by obtaining a restraining order. Sometimes mentally sick individuals (along with their friends) are capable of causing their well meaning family members physical, emotional, and legal harm. Do not blame yourself for his negative life-style. It is not your fault. Your grandson will exploit any guilt that you may display. He is most likely morally bankrupt and will rob you of your physical property and health as well as your love for him. I wish you well during this time of uncertainty.   Your smelling of diesel sounds like a phantom odor that really does not exist in the environment. There is a disorder called Phantosmia. It presents itself in the form of an olfactory (smell sense) type of hallucination. It can be caused by nerve damage to the brain's olfactory system, certain toxins and medications, emotional stress, trauma, and viruses. It is also a condition sometimes seen in epilepsy. Resolution is directed at treating the root cause.   I have a close family member who developed ARDS at the age of 55 years old. He was found gasping to breath, sweating profusely, and had a blood oxygen level of 38% when seen at the hospitals ER. He is not a diabetic, but is a heavy smoker. ARDS (Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome) is a life-threatening disease causing breathing difficulty. Approximately 1/3 of the ARDS patients die of the condition. Many ARDS patients must be hospitalized in the intensive care unit and may need to be put on a ventilator. Some patients, including my family member, experience a lung collapse (pneumothorax). Thanks to high quality medical care, my relative survived a 1 month hospitalization after being listed in very critical condition. Thank you for allowing me to provide other WebMd viewers with some basis details of what ARDS actually represents as a medical condition. Now let me answer your specific question as follows: Most medical experts, but not all, do not see diabetic patients contracting ARDS any more than other groups of people. A panel of well-respected medical experts has studied diabetes and its effect as a contributing factor in developing ARDS. Curiously, diabetes actually seems to act counter - intuitively in protecting individuals from developing ARDS. I hope that this answer has been helpful.  The condition of Diabetes Type 2 can be positively impacted through weight reduction. Losing weight absolutely influences blood sugar levels. See the WebMD article on this subject by opening the web page link below: http://www.webmd.com/diabetes/features/diabetes-weight-loss-finding-the-right-path One study in particular confirms how weight loss may permanently affect Diabetes Type 2 . That study was published in The New England Journal of Medicine and related how bariatric patients who lost weight, pretty much across the board, became free of insulin and no longer had to take insulin medication three (3) years after undergoing weight loss surgery. The study concluded that losing weight was more effective after three (3) years in controlling Diabetes Type 2 compared to medical therapy.   Yes, it can help your situation. Having penile implant surgery is a major life changing decision. My friends husband had the surgery performed twice (the first surgical procedure resulted in lots of pain and a deformed looking penis). The 2nd surgery done 4 years ago had more positive results. There are multiple types of implants to meet your needs. Here are the disadvantages and advantages as I know them to be: - Non-inflatable Type - A rod is implanted and is simply bent up to reveal the erect penis. It is easy to use for individuals with dexterity or arthritic conditions. The downside is that the man will have a constant erection (the penis is always erect and just needs to be bent upwards to reveal the erection .This can be annoying and sometimes painful. This appliance can also cause a thinning of the penile flesh and can be perceived as having an abnormal appearance. - 2 piece inflatable appliance- It is promoted as being easy to use because the man simply pumps it up to have an erect penis and pumps it down when not in use. Fluid is transferred into cylinders which become firm and imitate an erect penis. With this devise the penis is not as firm as with other appliances, may be difficult to inflate, and can cause penile tissue thinning - 3 piece inflatable units - The appliance is pumped up for an erection and a release valve is pressed to eliminate the erect state. Again cylinders are filled with fluid to develop an erection. This device is promoted as providing the most natural look and feel, has more fluid being sent through the cylinders to produce a firmer erection, cause the least amount of pain and discomfort, and is least likely to cause penis tissue deterioration. With all of these devices, the individual will never again be able to have a natural occurring erection. My recommendation is to search out the most competent urologic surgeons and review the number of procedures performed and their patient satisfaction rate. This process is best accomplished through internet searches. Some urologists hold regular classes for men interested in having the surgery completed. At these sessions, all questions may be addressed and an opportunity to see how the devices work is usually provided. Choose a surgeon that treats the individual post-surgically with recovery in a hospital setting for a few days. Some surgeries are performed as a same day procedure with possible resulting complications (bleeding, pain, urinary difficulty) being ignored. Additionally, with the same day surgery, the patient usually is catherized, and must return the following day to have it removed. In summary , this surgery can improve the quality of both partners lives. Having medical conditions such as diabetes is most likely responsible for the ED. Your situation will most likely not respond adequately to pills, creams, injections, or pumps. I suggest interviewing multiple urologists before deciding on the doctor entrusted to implant your penile device.  There isn't any information available indicating that Vitamin E should be avoided by type 2 diabetes . Scientists actually tried to prove the opposite theory about type 2 diabetics taking Vitamin E supplements. Here is the gist of an old story concerning diabetics taking Vitamin E supplements to help in controlling their blood sugar... Vitamin E has long been suspected of being involved in the process of how insulin is utilized. It has also been thought to have some involvement in glucose metabolism. Based upon those unproven beliefs concerning Vitamin E, several clinical studies were conducted to determine if taking Vitamin E as a supplement would benefit type 2 diabetics. The studies ended with inconclusive and mostly disappointing findings. The participates who showed any improvement (mostly very modest) with their diabetes were typically those whose Vitamin E levels were seriously diminished or who were not eating a proper diet. Additionally, the taking of vitamin E supplements daily in doses > 400 IU was found to have undesirable and dangerous side-effects such as hemorrhaging strokes, blurred vision, headaches and more. Talk to your doctor before starting on any vitamin regime.   Sexual dysfunction in both men and women can occur with Type 1 Diabetes. In women: Uncontrolled sugar levels in the body can cause reduced blood flow to the reproductive organs, hormonal imbalances, and nerve impairment. More frequent bouts of yeast infections have also been associated with Type 1 Diabetes in women. In men: Uncontrolled hyperglycemia can cause problems with blood vessels and in maintaining an erection. Blood vessels may become firm and prevent sufficient blood flow for a man to either obtain or to maintain an erection. Nerve damage may also cause a medical condition called Retrograde Ejaculation. With Retrograde Ejaculation, the male's normal expostulate in forwarded to the urinary bladder and the semen is passed-off with the urine. I suggest that you and your husband start out with a visit to the family doctor. Blood studies can be completed and your husbands current diabetic condition may be assessed. At the same time, you may have a frank discussion concerning the desire to have another child. The primary care doctor is also in a position to refer you to physicians that specialize in helping couples to conceive. With today's medical science, you and your husband stand a great chance of having another child.  I personally know many people who have taken Neurontin every day for years and have no negative side-effects. Of course, we may all respond differently to medications. Although the Gabapentin/Neurontin manufacturer's listing of side effects does not show increases in blood sugar levels, there are some anecdotal internet reports of Neurontin causing blood sugar spikes. Some suggest that Neurontin may stimulate the appetite and thereby increase your food intake and blood sugar levels. It is unwise to stop taking Neurontin "cold turkey" as serious withdraw symptoms may occur. But taking a medication that may increase the blood sugar of a diagnosed diabetic needs to be assessed quickly. I suggest that you chart and report all blood sugars readings to the physician who prescribed the drug (or your pharmacist) as soon as possible.  Congratulations on arriving at 83 years of age & contemplating a combined hip and knee replacement. Based upon the infrequency of the joint knee and hip operations being combined, I would think that the number of responses to your question will be limited. Although, my age and medical history are somewhat dissimilar, I can share from my experiences of having a full knee replacement 10 months ago and a revision of that knee surgery earlier this week. Let me tell you about my medical profile. I am younger than you, but have had congestive heart failure, cardiomyopathy, cardio-arrhythmia, asthma, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease for at least 15 years. During both of my knee surgeries and a gallbladder removal operation during 2013,I had no in-surgery room complications or anesthesia problems. In order to be approved for my knee surgeries by the surgeon and hospital anesthesia department, I had not pass medical clearance testing consisting of an echo cardiogram, cardiac stress test, and an ultra sound of blood vessels in my neck. Additionally, I was required to have formal hard copy surgical clearances in written form from my family doctor and cardiologist. Depending on the parties involved, a pulmonologist may also be required to provide surgical clearance. I had to have in-range serum blood studies completed within 30 days of surgery. I was also required to have pre-surgery testing at the hospital during the week preceding the knee surgery. During my first knee surgery, I was also required to donate 1 unit of blood, 2x's, within 2 weeks of my surgery. I also was required by my surgeon to attend a 2 hour orientation to learn about the knee replacement procedure, the possible need for skilled nursing rehabilitation, required physical therapy, and the long term prognosis for success. My first knee surgery failed; my patella joint slipped from side-to- side and caused me great pain. With my knee revision surgery, the surgeon pretty much used some bone chips, bone dust, and glue to rebuild me a new knee. I owe him a lot and feel like I've been reborn. Everything that I have read shows that advanced aged individuals fair just as well as younger patients in both their survival rates, rehabilitation process, and overall satisfaction. Having both the hip and knee replaced at the same time means that you'll probably spend twice as long in surgery, need more inpatient hospital time, and more rehabilitation time. But because my 2nd knee surgery was a revision, I was also subjected to those same additional times. I did notice during my pre-surgery classes that a number of patients were scheduled to have both knees replaced at the same time. It did not seem like an out of the ordinary occurrence and will also require more time to complete. I have had neighbors and friends in their 80's who had knee surgery and were highly satisfied. My personal feeling is that you should become emotionally prepared and be aware that there are no guarantees of success. But trust me, if you are able to pass all of the required pre-surgical testing, you'll come out of surgery in good condition. The hospitals and doctors will not take a chance on performing these surgeries on a risky candidate. Your biggest concern post surgery should be what cruise and fun activities should I explore first. My anecdotal accountings from other people who had both surgeries ( not at the same time ) have been favorable. Physical limitations, depression, and fatigue without the surgeries are common. With the surgery, you stand a very good chance of eliminating those conditions and replacing them with feelings of joy. Best wishes on your decision and may you enjoy many days of rich happiness.  Congratulations on arriving at 83 years of age & contemplating a combined hip and knee replacement. Based upon the infrequency of the joint knee and hip operations being combined, I would think that the number of responses to your question will be limited. Although, my age and medical history are somewhat dissimilar, I can share from my experiences of having a full knee replacement 10 months ago and a revision of that knee surgery earlier this week. Let me tell you about my medical profile. I am younger than you, but have had congestive heart failure, cardiomyopathy, cardio-arrhythmia, asthma, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease for at least 15 years. During both of my knee surgeries and a gallbladder removal operation during 2013,I had no in-surgery room complications or anesthesia problems. In order to be approved for my knee surgeries by the surgeon and hospital anesthesia department, I had not pass medical clearance testing consisting of an echo cardiogram, cardiac stress test, and an ultra sound of blood vessels in my neck. Additionally, I was required to have formal hard copy surgical clearances in written form from my family doctor and cardiologist. Depending on the parties involved, a pulmonologist may also be required to provide surgical clearance. I had to have in-range serum blood studies completed within 30 days of surgery. I was also required to have pre-surgery testing at the hospital during the week preceding the knee surgery. During my first knee surgery, I was also required to donate 1 unit of blood, 2x's, within 2 weeks of my surgery. I also was required by my surgeon to attend a 2 hour orientation to learn about the knee replacement procedure, the possible need for skilled nursing rehabilitation, required physical therapy, and the long term prognosis for success. My first knee surgery failed; my patella joint slipped from side-to- side and caused me great pain. With my knee revision surgery, the surgeon pretty much used some bone chips, bone dust, and glue to rebuild me a new knee. I owe him a lot and feel like I've been reborn. Everything that I have read shows that advanced aged individuals fair just as well as younger patients in both their survival rates, rehabilitation process, and overall satisfaction. Having both the hip and knee replaced at the same time means that you'll probably spend twice as long in surgery, need more inpatient hospital time, and more rehabilitation time. But because my 2nd knee surgery was a revision, I was also subjected to those same additional times. I did notice during my pre-surgery classes that a number of patients were scheduled to have both knees replaced at the same time. It did not seem like an out of the ordinary occurrence and will also require more time to complete. I have had neighbors and friends in their 80's who had knee surgery and were highly satisfied. My personal feeling is that you should become emotionally prepared and be aware that there are no guarantees of success. But trust me, if you are able to pass all of the required pre-surgical testing, you'll come out of surgery in good condition. The hospitals and doctors will not take a chance on performing these surgeries on a risky candidate. Your biggest concern post surgery should be what cruise and fun activities should I explore first. My anecdotal accountings from other people who had both surgeries ( not at the same time ) have been favorable. Physical limitations, depression, and fatigue without the surgeries are common. With the surgery, you stand a very good chance of eliminating those conditions and replacing them with feelings of joy. Best wishes on your decision and may you enjoy many days of rich happiness.   Yes, the fluctuations do appear to be normal. I do not think that your yawns, dizziness, feeling cranky or shaky presentation are related to blood sugar results being out of range. Your reported blood glucose values appear to be very much in the normal range. Here are some guidelines for blood sugar value ranges established by the American Medical Association as follows: Upon waking up (before breakfast) 80 to 120 Before meals 80 to 120 2 hours after meals 160 or less At bedtime 100 to 140 (PCAS), or Polycystic Ovary Syndrome, may be causing some of your uncomfortable symptoms such as mood swings and/or depression.   Without knowing you or your doctor, its not possible to know what blood work was performed. With that said, it is a safe bet that your recent blood work included a test for diabetes. Many physicians will order a C.M.P. or Comprehensive Metabolic Panel as part of the blood work studies for their patients. The C.M.P. includes measuring the Serum Glucose Level of the blood. These levels can determine diabetes or hypoglycemia. Depending on the lab and your health insurance carrier, you may be able to obtain a copy of tests results on-line without waiting for your doctor to return from vacation. Under the Federal HIPAA Regulations, a patient is entitled to receive a copy of their medical records.  I am so surprised that your doctor didn't give you one free. Check magazines or even on TV. You can get a meter free from Medicare. Your reading of 106 is nothing to be alarmed about. My diabetes educator said that 80 - 100 is before meals and less than 180 after meals. If he gave you Metformin 500mg., is that once a day, twice? What? I take one Metformin with breakfast and one with supper. Then I have my insulin "pen" of Lantis Solostar in the evening. I test right away in the morning before I have anything to eat or drink. Then again before bed in the evening. I also keep a log book I made and if my count is high, I make notations as to why I think it is .I write down the date, day, time, reading count and notes. This will help you a lot. Check on line and I'm sure you can find some free. Good luck with this disease. Count your carbs and eat 45 - 60 per meal.    The A1C is the average of your readings for 6 months. A 9.1 reading puts your average reading at around 170...AVERAGE, NOT EXACT. That is diabetic. Mornings without eating should average 80 - 130. Two hours after eating should be under 180. If the 170 is a fasting reading, you have diabetes. My opinion and what I was told in classes.  You could be diabetic from eating too many candy bars! Try a substitute, or veges with a dip. Why would you want to eat a candy bar? The thought has occurred to me many times, but I'm able to talk myself out of it! When I walk past the doughnuts in the bakery dept. you have no idea how badly I want to pick up that chocolate one with the custard filling. I look at it and say.."NO"" don't do it. And I don't. I am very proud of myself for learning self control. Don't eat that candy bar.  YOU ARE DIABETIC..maybe it's because you ate whatever you wanted to. I did and now I'm living with diabetis. Why would you want to eat more sugary foods or whatever you want AGAIN. That is the most ridiculous thing I ever hear a diabetic person say. No you cannot eat more sugary foods and you shouldn't want to. Enough said, I think.  I am looking in the BEST book a diabetic can have. "The Calorie King Calorie & Fat Carbohydrate Counter." This book has the menu and counters of every single restaurant in the country, including all the fast-food chains. It has every single food stuff ever created in it and the calorie, fat, and carbohydrate amounts. I bought it at Barnes & Noble on line. I got one to keep in the car and one in the house. It says Braised Liver (3oz) has 140 calories, 4 grams of fat, and 3 grams of carbs. I see nothing in this book that says you cannot eat liver. Meats are protein and that is essential for us. The carbs are only 3 and that's nice. My educator said to count the carbs and stay 80 - 130. Two hours after we eat, stay under 180. That is 45 - 60 carbs per meal. Figure out from this book how many carbs are in whatever you are going to eat and stick with these numbers. Generally, meats do not have a lot of carbs. I hope this helps you to enjoy your liver dinner.  Based on a set of criteria, a HgA1c level between 5.7-6.4% is prediabetes. This means that there's an increased risk for developing overt diabetes. A person with prediabetes may have a normal blood sugar but only because their body has compensated for this with an increase in the amount of insulin produced. As prediabetes progresses, the overproduction of insulin just won't be enough to compensate for high sugars and they become overtly abnormal and elevated. People with type 2 diabetes can have normal blood sugars but the metabolic abnormalities that occur will continue: Insulin will continue to be produced in excess amounts. At some point it fails. And having either prediabetes or diabetes means your risk of heart disease is significantly above normal. You should modify the risks that you have: improved nutrition with calorie restriction and more fruits and veggies, manage excess weight, look for stress reduction methods and make good sleep a priority. Seek help from a diabetes team. There are tons of information online and numerous organizations that help.  Having type 2 diabetes means you need to make the time. Having a busy schedule is the norm for everyone. <?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p> <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p> </o:p> The insulin you take daily makes up for the little insulin that you produce. Metformin helps sensitizes your body and muscles to insulin. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> In people with diabetes, the only way to break and improve insulin resistance, and reduce your risk of heart disease and other complications, is by using muscles. Most any type of regularly performed physical activity will do. Find something you like , it helps increase the chance that you will stick to it. A buddy system for exercise also helps make you more accountable and less likely to miss out on the social, mental, and physical benefits of exercise. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> A combination of aerobic type exercise and weights, targeting core muscles, is something to aim for. Find an endocrinologist that is passionate about working with people that have type 2 diabetes. <o:p></o:p>  There's no simple answer to your question, however, the absolute best option for anyone with type 2 diabetes is exercise and weight management. Here's a short synopsis: by the time you are diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes around 50% of your beta cells are lost [ and your body's resistance to the action of insulin has been longstanding]. The decline in beta cell function is predictable. It's an absolute fact that treatment of type 2 diabetes with one drug alone won't work to control blood sugars. The decline continues regardless of therapy with metformin or sulfonylureas drugs like XYZ. However, lifestyle changes like diet and exercise seem to slow the loss of beta cell function by improving insulin sensitivity. Other drugs may also stabilize beta cells. After we eat, insulin works primarily on muscles. Muscles are also the primary site of insulin resistant. By engaging in routine physical activity we use muscles which uses sugar as a source of energy. We also burn excess fat. Together these actions result in less insulin resistant, improved insulin function, and fitness.   The duration, progression, and distribution of the symptoms makes me think of Zoster as a possibility. The painful rash of zoster usually starts after localized symptoms of pain, tingling, or itching. Typically this is seen on one side of the body. A painful rash follows and it resolves within a 2-4 week period if no complications occur. Its probably best to see your healthcare provider to get checked and appropriately diagnosed. Treatments for Zoster can shorten the duration and severity of the illness but treatments needs to be started as soon as the rash appears.  Based on your HgA1c you are at an increased risk for developing diabetes and should be screened regularly. People at an increased risk for diabetes have an increased risk for heart disease as well. Its important to get back to regular exercise that challenges your fitness level. You'll need to get back to the basics and eat right and manage any weight issues you may have. Three tests are used to screen for or diagnose diabetes. One test is the Hga1c & levels above 6.5 % are considered diagnostic of diabetes. A fasting glucose level of greater than 126 or a 2 hour glucose of greater than 200 during an oral glucose tolerance test also confirms this diagnosis. The risk of developing diabetes is continuous, there is no threshold that determines a sudden increased risk from normal. In poeople that have glucose intolerance, the incidence of type 2 diabetes is around 5-10% per year and is higher in hispanics & Native Americans, as well as those people with the highest blood sugar levels. There are environmental and genetic factors that increase your risk of transitioning into overt diabetes... which carries an even higher risk of cardiovascular disease. Some things you can't change but others are within your reach. Environmental risks such as exercise and calorie excess are modifiable. Insulin is not working well in you. Utilized your muscles to activate this hormone and burn the excess calories to reduce your risks of conversion to type 2 diabetes, to gain fitness and reduce your heart disease risks.  Do you have neuropathy and are you diabetic. If you don't about the neuropathy talk to your doctor. Also, always make sure your A1C is within range. That determines if you have diabetes  Hey Dear I think in this serious problem first you have to try contact some good one expert doctor for diabetes so it control and also checkup for bunch of test for kidney problem so it will clear about your father's health problem. Thanks    it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  Instead of eating those greasy foods, you should really just try do do regular small bowl of lettuce, or a carrot or any kind of veggie, or even a fruit. I am not a bright one, but I try to eat healthy. When you have high blood pressure, or diabetes, I heard that eating fruit, or a veggie will help You get healthier, or better. I am not a expert, I am a regular person, so ask you friend, family, neighbors,but eat healthy and you can may be get better! So stay strong and go on!  Elastic stockings Keeping your legs elevated while sitting in a chair or lying down Avoiding long periods of sitting Not crossing your legs Mild exercise, such as a stroll around your neighborhood Wearing shoes that fit properly Good luck!  yes  yes  no  Diabetic neuropathy is nerve damage that can happen as a result of having diabetes. There are four types of diabetic neuropathy: peripheral, autonomic, proximal, and focal. The most common location for neuropathy to occur is your legs and feet and some common symptoms are numbness and loss of sensation, pain, tingling, or burning. Treatment and management for diabetic neuropathy entirely depends on which type that you have and the specific symptoms youre encountering. Maintaining healthy blood sugar levels will certainly be an integral component of any treatment plan. I really encourage you to meet with your doctor to better understand which type that you have and how you can properly manage it. You can also visit the following websites for an overview on diabetic neuropathy and some treatment options: Diabetic Neuropathy  Topic Overview Diabetic Neuropathy  Treatment Overview  Children born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at a higher risk for obesity, type 2 diabetes, and metabolic syndrome; but your child will not be at a higher risk for type 1 diabetes. Its important to follow your doctors recommended course of action for managing gestational diabetes to help minimize the potential risks, which may include:  Maintaining appropriate weight gain  Following specific dietary guidelines  Following your doctors recommendations for an appropriate exercise routine  Monitoring your blood sugar levels frequently  Taking insulin as directed Blood sugar levels will typically return to normal for you after 6 to 8 weeks after delivery but you will be more likely to develop gestational diabetes again during subsequent pregnancies. Please refer to the following for more information: http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/understanding-gestational-diabetes-basics http://diabetes.webmd.com/guide/gestational_diabetes  The Surgeon General recommends 30 minutes of moderate intensity physical activity most days per week. For individuals with diabetes, its recommended that there should not be more than two consecutive days without aerobic physical activity, because the benefit of increased insulin sensitivity gained from exercise generally doesnt last longer than 48-72 hours. Moreover, high-intensity physical activity will tend to enhance insulin sensitivity more than low-intensity physical activity. Also, a greater duration spent on exercise appears to more effective than a lesser duration. With both intensity and duration, however, the benefits appear to be a result of more energy being expended. Exercise can significantly lower A1C levels and can even help glycemic control during times when not exercising. Both resistance training and aerobic exercise have helpful effects on insulin and can help with diabetes management. Do not exercise if your blood sugar is too low and stop exercise if you feel faint, have chest tightness, or are extremely short of breath.  To diagnose diabetes, your doctor may do a fasting blood glucose test. Fasting blood glucose values: Low  less than 70mg/dL Normal - between 70 to 99mg/dL Pre-diabetic  between 100  125mg/dL Diabetic  greater than 126mg/dL Non-fasting blood glucose values: Low  less than 70mg/dL Normal - between 70 to 139mg/dL Pre-diabetic  between 140  199mg/dL Diabetic  greater than 200mg/dL The standard diagnosis of diabetes is made when at least two separate blood tests show that your blood sugar is elevated.  To diagnose diabetes, your doctor may do a fasting blood glucose test. This is a preferred method since its easy to do and less expensive than other tests, but you have to refrain from eating anything for at least 8 hours priors to testing. Also, it is normal for your blood sugar to go up after eating. Fasting blood glucose values: Low  less than 70mg/dL Normal - between 70 to 99mg/dL Pre-diabetic  between 100  125mg/dL Diabetic  greater than 126mg/dL Non-fasting blood glucose values: Low  less than 70mg/dL Normal - between 70 to 139mg/dL Pre-diabetic  between 140  199mg/dL Diabetic  greater than 200mg/dL The standard diagnosis of diabetes is made when at least two separate blood tests show that your blood sugar is elevated. Based on the information you provided, it appears that you have a low blood glucose value. I would actually review this article about hypoglycemia, or low blood sugar ( http://diabetes.webmd.com/tc/hypoglycemia-low-blood-sugar-topic-overview ), since your blood sugar was initially very low on this occasion. Keep in mind that even a normal blood glucose test with risk factors (listed here: http://diabetes.webmd.com/guide/risk-diabetes ) may warrant further testing. It would be best to discuss with your doctor if you have further questions.  Dried fruit like raisins can be a healthy choice for diabetics, but the rule of thumb is always to use moderation and portion control. Dried fruit is dehydrated, so most of the water has been removed leaving it more concentrated and sugar-dense than their whole counterpart. The serving size for dried fruit is smaller than whole fruit (1/4 cup as opposed to 1/2 cup) so it can be very easy to over consume dried fruit. You have to be careful as some manufacturers will add additional sugar to their products as well, so its beneficial to read the ingredients on the label. An important tool for diabetics to use is the glycemic index, which is a measure of how your blood sugar may respond to certain foods. Raisins are a low to moderate glycemic index food and can have a higher glycemic load compared to their whole fruit counterpart, grapes, meaning that they may have more of an impact on your blood sugar. Dried apples, apricots, peaches, and plums all have a lower glycemic index compared to raisins, while dates and figs have a higher glycemic index. Raisins can certainly hold a place in a diabetic persons diet so long as appropriate portions are maintained. Dried fruit may be better than some less healthy alternatives, but it may be more beneficial, however, to choose whole fruit alternatives or to accompany dried fruit with a fat or protein.  For people with diabetes who need an echocardiogram, follow these guidelines unless your doctor tells you otherwise: If you take insulin to control your blood sugar, ask your doctor what amount you should take the day of the test. Often, your doctor will tell you to take only half of your usual morning dose and to eat a light meal four hours before the test. If you take pills to control your blood sugar, do not take your medication until after the test is complete. Do not take your diabetes drug and skip a meal before the test. If you own a glucose monitor, bring it with you to check your blood sugar levels before and after your test. If you think your blood sugar is low, tell the lab personnel immediately. Plan to eat and take your blood sugar medication following your test.  yes  Medical marijuana would be your best bet. I too am a type 1 diabetic who at the moment is undergoing unexplained liver problems. Marijuana is by far the safest of the three. Asprin can eat a whole in your stomach as well as mess with your blood pressure. Alcohol is the worst option as it will raise your blood sugars, damage your kidneys and your liver, aggravating your condition. I would also avoid tylenol as it messes with your liver pretty bad too. But make sure you check your sugars often when using cannabis as it CAN cause your blood sugar to drop. (Keep some munchies nearby and you'll be fine)  It can be hard to tell the difference between overactive bladder and early diabetes because some of the symptoms are similar. What symptoms do you have? Take a look at these lists of symptoms. The symptoms of an overactive bladder: * Frequent urination. * Urgency of urination. * Nocturia (going to the bathroom during the night). * Urge incontinence (losing urine suddenly after feeling the urge). The classic symptoms of diabetes: * Frequent urination, with large volumes of urine (polyuria). * Excessive thirst (polydipsia). * Hunger (polyphagia). * Weight loss. Other diabetes symptoms might include: * Fatigue. * Blurry vision. * Odd aches and pains. * Dry mouth. * Dry or itchy skin. * Impotence (in a male). * Vaginal yeast infections (in a female). * Poor healing of cuts and scrapes. * Excessive or unusual infections. If you experience overactive bladder symptoms but you have none of the other classic symptoms of diabetes like excessive thirst, hunger or unexplained weight loss, you may have overactive bladder. In either case, it's important to share your symptoms with your health care professional so you can be sure you know what's going on and the best way to get rid of your symptoms.  As you may know, Desonide is a topical steroid. It may appear to help the infection, but it actually suppresses the body's ability to fight the infection and will make it worse. Even low-strength topical steroids can make a yeast infection (or any infection) worse. In fact, topical steroid use can make yeast infections more likely.  Alot depends on the type of tumor and where it's located. A tumor on the pancreas may very well affect the secretion of insulin and affect blood sugar levels. Kidney involvement could affect the blood pressure. Keep in mind that there are so many variables that can affect both blood sugar and blood pressure that are not tumor related.  First, great job on taking steps to help control your diabetes through diet. It's not easy, and you should be congratulated for taking this step. Gluten is a protein found in wheat and related grains (including spelt, barley, rye, and others). I don't know of any studies that look specifically at a gluten-free diet for diabetes management. Historically, people with or gluten intolerance have needed to adopt a gluten-free lifestyle. Today, many people have decided to give gluten-free a try, whether for weight loss or to see if it helps conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome. These connections are still being investigated, and there's no conclusive scientific evidence yet that eating gluten-free is beneficial to anyone other than those with celiac disease or gluten intolerance. If you do decide to try living a lifestyle, remember you still need to get an adequate amount of fiber and whole grains in your diet. If you opt to eliminate wheat and related grains, you need to replace them with other whole grains, such as brown rice. While there's no evidence that eating gluten-free aids in weight loss or is advantageous for any medical conditions beyond celiac disease, it's also not a harmful way to eat. Hope this helps!  You should have a pre-op appointment with your surgeon's nurse (or physician assistant) and/or a nurse at the facility where your knee replacement will occur. These nurses should answer all your questions about pre-operative medication regimens, whether or not to take Lantus the day of your surgery, when to stop eating before surgery, and so on. In general, people with blood sugar problems can experience longer healing times. I'd recommend asking your surgeon (or his/her nurse or physician assistant) what to expect, in terms of possible problems healing. Because your A1C is good, you may not experience any problems, at all. Be sure to follow all your surgeon's printed instructions for post-op care of the wound. I suggest you write down all your questions for the pre-op appointment. Be sure you receive printed instructions for before and after the surgery. If any of your questions aren't answered in advance, feel free to call your surgeon's office for clarification. Hope this helps!  It's perfectly normal for a person's pulse and blood pressure to rise when they walk or run. This happens because the heart must pump more blood -- faster -- to serve oxygen to the body's tissues. In fact, the whole purpose of "aerobic" activity like walking is to increase the heart rate. And if a person is "out of shape" (that is, they are moving from a very sedentary lifestyle to a more active one), the rise in pulse rate and blood pressure is likely to occur more quickly than it would in someone whose body is used to physical activity. That said, it's always a good idea to consult your doctor before starting any exercise program. I suspect your mother's primary care provider will clear her for an easy exercise program, such as walking, but it's better to check with the doctor first. I hate to dissuade anyone from walking because it's normally a harmless activity, and a pulse of 140 isn't necessarily "bad" (in fact, a pulse of 140 is lower than my own ), but I cannot give medical advice. And so, my suggestion is for your mother to check with her doctor to make sure walking is OK for exercise purposes. In general, walking is among the safest and most effective ways to lose weight and get the heart (cardiovascular) system into shape. Walking even for short periods of time or for short distances (to start) can be a good way to build up to more exertion, such as jogging. Wishing you well!  Great question! I'm glad you asked. A nutritional supplement is not likely to help with premature ejaculation, and there's no scientific evidence any of these "male enhancement" products actually help with male sexual performance. What concerns me is the number of these "all natural" "herbal" supplements that have been found (at least in the U.S.) to contain actual prescription medications designed to treat . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has issued several alerts and recalls over the past few years on this type of product (though not Vigormax, specifically, that I know of). The addition of these prescription drugs to over-the-counter dietary supplements is illegal and dangerous. Manufacturers do not disclose these drugs on the label. So, my advice to you is to seek medical treatment for your issue and to give the nutritional supplements a pass. Some things you can do to help with premature ejaculation: Stop smoking, drinking, or using illicit drugs Use a condom to reduce sensation in the penis Try different sexual positions to reduce stimulation until ejaculation is desired Sometimes doctors will prescribe antidepressant medications to treat premature ejaculation. Hope this helps!  The can be a good choice for some patients who require insulin to control their Type 2 diabetes. I'd suggest you have this conversation with your health care provider. He or she is in the best position to discuss the pros and cons with you and determine if you're a suitable candidate. As to whether the insulin pump will be covered by Medicare, that's a question I can't answer. Your provider's office will have a person who handles prior authorization requests. He or she should be able to tell you if the pump, supplies, and related surgery will be covered or not. Hope this helps! Good luck!  I wouldn't say is 100% preventable because we know it can run in families. That said, Type 2 diabetes is highly preventable because it's mainly linked to obesity, a sedentary lifestyle, and poor diet. Those three factors all can be influenced by the individual. While it's possible a thin, athletic person could develop Type 2 diabetes, it would be considered unusual. To reduce your risk of developing Type 2 diabetes, it's important to eat a balanced diet that includes lean meat, plenty of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, and heart-healthy fats (such as olive oil). You also should exercise regularly, and you don't even have to exercise particularly vigorously. Simply engaging in moderate physical activity (brisk walking) at least 5 times a week can be enough. Lastly, watch your weight. If you're overweight, reduce your calorie intake and/or increase your exercise level. Obesity is perhaps the leading factor in developing Type 2 diabetes. Obviously, no one should start an exercise regimen without consulting their primary care provider. This is especially true of anyone who health conditions like high blood pressure or high cholesterol. Hope this helps!  As far as I know, there is no relationship between glaucoma and alcohol consumption. Glaucoma is a disease that affects the pressure inside the eyeball. Even though no one in your family has had glaucoma, it doesn't mean you can't get it. Not all diseases are passed through families genetically. That said, excessive alcohol consumption is very bad for you in many other ways. It eventually will kill your liver, and it can contribute to the development of diabetes. If you have a problem with drinking, talk to your doctor. He or she can help you get treatment. Wishing you well!  Good for you for noticing this. It's important for people with chronic conditions like diabetes to stay on top of any physical changes in their body. I suggest you call your primary care provider for an appointment. The kind of swelling you describe sounds like fluid retention, or ' .' This can be a sign of an underlying medical condition (possibly related to your diabetes, or something else entirely). Mild one-sided edema of the lower leg isn't necessarily cause for alarm in an otherwise healthy person. But it would be best to get it checked out. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry your mom is going through this. It sounds like a very uncomfortable situation. If it's been less than a week since your mom saw the doctor, then you may just need to hang in there awhile longer. The symptoms you describe could be caused by many conditions, including a cold virus. You may need to take a "watchful waiting" approach to see if the situation gets better or worse. If it gets better, then great! If it gets worse, I'd suggest a return trip to the doctor. Keep in mind, I'm just making suggestions. I am not in a position to suggest a diagnosis or give medical advice. Hope your mom feels better soon!  To get the best answer to your question, I'd suggest picking up the phone and discussing your concerns with your health care provider. He or she will be happy to explain the rationale behind leaving you on while discontinuing the other drugs. My hunch is that your provider feared your potassium might dip too low after withdrawing the , which can strip potassium from your system. By leaving you on a "potassium-sparing" diuretic (water pill) like spironolactone, perhaps your provider thinks your potassium will level out. However, that's just a guess. Obviously I can't read your provider's mind. As I said, your best bet is to ask your provider directly. Wishing you all the best!  Sorry you're going through this. Unfortunately, it's not possible to diagnose this problem in an internet forum. You need an examination. This will determine the cause of the bump. Many things can cause a bump like the one you describe. If it's near your teeth, it could be an abscess. If it's in the fleshy part of your skin, it could be a cyst. It could also be something scary, like a cancer. This is why you should see a health care provider. He or she will be able to tell you what to do to treat this bump. The sooner you have a diagnosis, the better. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds awful! Are you positive you don't have ? I mean, has a medical professional told you you don't have diabetes or blood sugar problems? Diabetes can develop slowly, over time. So if you have not had a checkup within the past year, it's possible you have diabetes and don't even know it. I'd suggest you see your primary health care provider soon for a routine physical examination. The lab work will help tell if you have developed diabetes. People who are overweight, sedentary (don't get a lot of exercise), eat processed food (or junk food), and drink a lot of sugary sodas are at higher risk of developing diabetes. Diabetes can lead to other health problems, including blindness and foot ulcers. These are more good reasons to go in for a check-up. I wish you all the best!  You're a good wife to be staying alert to possible complications after your husband's gall bladder surgery. He's lucky to have you! I hope your husband's surgeon or the recovery room nurse gave you a printed instruction sheet that outlined post-procedure care. If you did not receive such written instructions, I'd suggest you call the surgeon's office and ask if you can pick one up. Every surgeon has different post-op instructions, and it's important you follow these. In general, after any outpatient surgery you want to be alert for: A fever over 101F Nausea and/or vomiting that does not clear up within a day or so Inability to urinate within 6 hours of general anesthesia Inability to have a bowel movement within a few days after surgery Sudden, severe shortness of breath Difficulty swallowing In particular, if your husband experiences the rare complication of sudden, severe shortness of breath (usually about 10 days after surgery, but sometimes earlier or later), you should call 911 as this can indicate a pulmonary embolism . If you're concerned about the low body temperature or any other symptoms, please call your husband's surgeon's office. The nurse, PA or someone there should be able to guide you about what to expect post-operatively. Best to you and your husband!  I think you're referring to the fact people with blood sugar problems can be slow to heal. That's why foot care is so important for people with diabetes. Preventing sores is better than trying to heal them. If your blood sugar is well-controlled through diet and/or medications, you should have nothing to fear from a boil. You probably will heal just fine. If your blood sugar is not well-controlled, then you would be wise to work harder at this. Make sure you're doing everything within your power to eat a healthy diet, get some exercise, take your diabetes medications, lose weight and so on. Some people with diabetes never get their sugars under control, but most people can do it with some discipline and willpower. If the boil is giving you discomfort and needs to be drained by a health care provider, don't hesitate to make an appointment. That way, you can also get instructions on to best care for the wound so it heals well. Wishing you well!  I think you're referring to the fact people with blood sugar problems can be slow to heal. That's why foot care is so important for people with diabetes. Preventing sores is better than trying to heal them. If your blood sugar is well-controlled through diet and/or medications, you should have nothing to fear from a boil. You probably will heal just fine. If your blood sugar is not well-controlled, then you would be wise to work harder at this. Make sure you're doing everything within your power to eat a healthy diet, get some exercise, take your diabetes medications, lose weight and so on. Some people with diabetes never get their sugars under control, but most people can do it with some discipline and willpower. If the boil is giving you discomfort and needs to be drained by a health care provider, don't hesitate to make an appointment. That way, you can also get instructions on to best care for the wound so it heals well. Wishing you well!  Good question! You're smart to think about your blood sugar before it gets out of control. As you probably know, the test measures your blood sugar control over the preceding three months. It's a very good indicator for helping people with diabetes manage their condition better. A normal A1C range is between 4% and 5.6%. An A1C result between 5.6% and 6.4% indicates you are at risk of developing diabetes. And an A1C result over 6.4% indicates you have diabetes. You are at the low end of the at-risk category, so you are starting in a good place. My best tips for managing blood sugar in the "at-risk" stage are: Lose weight if you're overweight. This alone can lower your A1C. Exercise if you don't already. All you need to do is walk. It's that simple. Start with 10 minutes a day. Indoors or out. Just walk. Work your way up to 30 minutes of vigorous walking 5 times a week. Don't consume a lot of sugar. Ditch the soda. Read labels. Sugar lurks in places you wouldn't dream of! You don't need to swear off sugar forevermore. Just be mindful of your sugar intake. Eat a healthy diet that is rich in fiber (plant foods), protein and healthy fats. That's pretty much it. If you do those four things, chances are your next A1C will be smack in the normal range. Wishing you well!  Jimmy, It could be diabetic nerve pain/damage. I imagine it probably feels like your fingers are asleep, right? If so, I would chalk it up to nerve-related issues, not anything life-threatening, but you should DEFINITELY get your diabetic doc to check it out. Also, do some research on the causes of numbness & tingling in the human body, but be warned there are many causes, but the one constant is that it is almost always caused by the nerves in our bodies. Good luck. FloppyChops   Losing weight and having bad feet do not necessarily justify a diagnosis of Diabetes. Symptoms such as chronic intense thirst and frequent urination may be a cause of some concern and a visit to your Doctor may be in order. He may want to do some bloodwork and check your H1C to evaluate your blood sugar level. The H1C Test is a blood sugar average over the past 3 months. Many people get Diabetes Type II because they are over-weight and their bodies can't produce enough Insulin. As a result, the sugar stays in the blood instead of migrating to the cells. You see, Insulin (produced in the Pancreas) is the Key to unlock the cells so that the sugar may enter. The symptoms I've described above are the precursors (and warning signs) of a possible Metabolic change going on inside the body. The feet of a person with Diabetes need to be checked every day for cracks or pressure ulcers. These can lead to infections if not attended to immediately. Clean the feet and apply lotion. Eat right. That means a Balanced Diet. Do Not Overeat. Have 5 small meals over the course of the day (perhaps 3 small meals and 2 snacks). Exercise 20 to 30 minutes per day. Ask your Doctor for the best type of exercise for your current body condition. Enjoy Life and be Happy!  all booze is bad for diabetics!!! There is much LESS damaging recreational/social things that can be taken that won't be quite so bad, but myself being a diabetic let me stress that you can still have fun and not hurt your body nearly as fast as booze will do for a diabetic    HELL NOT  Type 1 diabetes is a 			 lifelong disease that develops when the pancreas stops making insulin . Your 			 body needs insulin to let sugar (glucose) move from the blood into the body's 			 cells, where it can be used for energy or stored for later use. 			 If sugar cannot move from the blood into the cells, your blood sugar gets too 			 high and your cells cannot work right. High blood sugar can harm your blood 			 vessels and nerves and lead to problems with your eyes, heart, feet, kidneys, 			 and other areas of the body. These problems are called complications.  Antidepressants can have different side affects, but I would think that perhaps the Abilify might be the culprit. It might be too much along with the Zoloft. I have heard many complain about it. The Gabapentin is good for neuropathy, restless leg syndrome, and several other related symptoms. A properly working antidepressant should help alleviate anxiety, restlessness, sadness, and insomnia, not get you all wound up physically and mentally.  The treatment is all natural and barring any medically pertinent side effects; should not be harmful if tried. Basically it can't hurt to try because it may work, making things better, but can't hurt her if it doesn't. Definitely check for medical interactions frist that could potentially conflict with her current course of medical treatment. My heart goes out to you and she as a diabetic as well. My question to you is what is the combination treatment used for?		  I HAD TAKEN ZOLOFT FOR 3 YEARS AND STARTED TO GET SEVERE RESTLESS LEG SYNDROME AND COULD NOT SLEEP AT NIGHT. MY DOCTOR TOOK ME OFF ZOLOFT AND THE PROBLEM WENT AWAY QUICKLY.  I generally recommend a combination of both aerobic exercise and some resistance exercise in most of my patients. And the good news is that most people can do low-impact exercise (like walking) and still see a benefit. You should talk to your doctor about your own specific exercise prescription. And while you're asking, see if your doctor is exercising too!  Symptoms like chest pain that come on during walking or other exertion can be a sign of heart disease. I recommend that you call your doctor now. Even if you do not have risk factors (like diabetes or high blood pressure), you could still have heart disease or another condition causing your symptoms.  Whether you have diabetes or not here are some healthy cooking oils to choose from. Choosing the right oil depends on what kind of fat the oil is made with. There are three kinds of fats: saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated. Saturated fats are butter, lard and shortening. They are solid at room temperature and linked with elevated cholesterol levels and increased risk for heart disease. If you have diabetes these should be very limited. Polyunsaturated fats are canola oil, sunflower oil and walnut oil. They are always liquid even if placed in the fridge. These kinds of fats can improve blood cholesterol levels and reduce the risk of heart disease. Monounsaturated fats are olive oil and peanut oil. They are always liquid at room temperature but become semi-solid when placed in the refrigerator. When these are used in place of saturated fats they too can reduce the risk of heart disease. Follow this link to find out what the top 3 oil picks are.  Diabetes is a disorder of metabolism -- the way our bodies use digested food for growth and energy. Most of the food we eat is broken down by the digestive juices into a simple sugar called glucose. Glucose is the main source of fuel for the body. After digestion, the glucose passes into our bloodstream where it is available for body cells to use for growth and energy. For the glucose to get into the cells, insulin must be present. Insulin is a hormone produced by the pancreas, a large gland behind the stomach. When we eat, the pancreas is supposed to automatically produce the right amount of insulin to move the glucose from our blood into our cells. In people with diabetes, however, the pancreas either produces little or no insulin, or the body cells do not respond to the insulin that is produced. As a result, glucose builds up in the blood, overflows into the urine, and passes out of the body. Thus, the body loses its main source of fuel even though the blood contains large amounts of glucose. For more information please visit these websites here and here .  Well when you are pre-diabetic you are being introduced to diabetes. People think that diabetes is not so serious and is just a little sugar and that is not true. Diabetes is really when the body can't process sugar. Diabetes can sometimes lead to obesity. That is when the body builds up dangerous amounts of fat. When you have diabetes you are going to have pain in your knee. So you should check in with a doctor and tell him or her that you have diabetes. Or you are pre-diabetic.  That is probably caused by the extra fluids in your mom's system that she gets rid of so the bladder will overfill itself. You should see your mom's therapist and she should do a physical checkup to see what is going on.  Yes.  We have a patient here who has two very serious medical conditions; diabetes and high blood pressure. Most likely too as a pharmacist I am going to ask on what medications they're on, and I guarantee they're on quite a few. With Acai Berry, we don't have any data on whether or not it interacts with medications, and when you have something like cardiovascular disease and diabetes, it's probably better to be safe than sorry. We have patients who end up taking these products because they think that they're natural and they're safe and they're not going to do anything. Well, most cases end up in the emergency room.  There are a few different things that come to mind. Number one is, can we call the manufacturers to find out if they have any type of coupon program or assistance, especially for the strips. I know a lot of manufacturers who have websites or 1800 numbers that you can call to find out how you can get some free package strips this particular time, or maybe a brand new monitor. So there are some valuable programs that patients can look into. The other thing is, two that this patient maybe eligible under Medicare Part B or another type of insurance that they will cover these strips. Have they inquired with their insurance company? They may not be covered at the pharmacy online, which means you being in the prescription, I process it and it comes back rejected. But that doesn't mean that if you pay cash and submit a receipt to the insurance, then they won't reimburse you. So on the back of their insurance card, their should be a 1800 member services number. They should call that, and find out what is the procedure, do they have a special program for diabetics? Those are some easy ways and the patient maybe able to find ways to save money.  This a great question that you can always ask your pharmacist. Yes, these are common side effects from the medication. It is very important that you drink a lot of fluids so you do not become dehydrated. Are you taking the medication with food? This may help alleviate the gas and bloating. I would also recommend mentioning this to your health care provider on your next visit. They may adjust the dose of your medication.  I would not recommend taking ginkgo biloba if you have diabetes. We have some data that shows it interacts with quite a few medications, and in my opinion its better to be safe than sorry.  This is a great question. Here are some risk factors for type 2 diabetes from the American Diabetes Association: Age over 45 People with family history of diabetes Being overweight or obese People who don't exercise regularly People with high blood pressure, low HDL (good) cholesterol, or high triglyceride level Certain racial/ethnic groups (Blacks, Hispanic/Latino Americans, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, American Indians, Alaska Natives) Women who have had gestational diabetes during pregnancy or have had a baby born weighing 9 or more pounds People whose fasting glucose (blood sugar) or glucose tolerance tests are impaired- indicating increased risk of developing diabetes http://www.diabetes.org/diabetes-basics/prevention/risk-factors/ You mentioned that one of you family members - your grandmother has type 2 diabetes. There are steps that you can take to help reduce your risk including keeping at a healthy weight, eating a healthy diet and exercising regularly. It would also be helpful to ask your health care provider how often you should check your blood pressure and cholesterol levels to make sure they are at good levels. Take care   That is really rough, dude  I feel for you. I can tell you that I used to have lost sensitivity in my tool, due to the fact that I really go to town on my tool when masturbating. I use Man1 Man Oil, which has an ingredient in it (Acetyl L carnitine) which is real helpful for sensitivity restoring. Good luck and keep going!  Your options for health insurance coverage between now and the end of the year aren't good. You can look for a short-term policy by shopping on eHealthinsurance.com, but I'm not sure that will offer you what you need.  Whether or not health plans sold through the state health insurance marketplaces cover bariatric surgery will depend on the state -- some will, and some won't. You can see what's happening where you live on the WebMD Health Reform . There, you may find specific information about what health plans will be required to cover.  I can't respond to your employer's responsibility for covering costs you incur for care as a result of becoming sick on the job.  There tons of studies about diabetes and how it effects the brain, but first, and I am probably preaching to the choir here, but lets see your son start taking care of himself. I can understand that he might also be despondent and might even be depressed about his diabetes, but there are lots of ways to live happily with it. Back to the question at hand, I read that diabetes, if in check and maintain, does not have any adverse affects to the brain, but if out of check and when glocuse levels are high for an extended period of time, some research shows that it could lead to memory lost, brain shrinkage, increase stroke probaility and we will be more prone to cognitive decline, Alzheimer's; but even high sugar levels in non-diabetes can cause these issues, but because we diabetics have a hard time controlling blood sugar it is more critical for us.    247 is pretty high, but not in the extreme danger zone. I would take him to his doctor as soon as possible and he/she should be able to prescribe something to bring it down, or adjust his current medicine. It might be a week or so before it is back in a good range < 140.  Yes. It would be OK to take Tussin DM for your cough while taking bupropion and a high blood pressure medication. There are no significant drug interactions to worry about. Always check with your pharmacist before taking over-the-counter medications when you are taking prescription medications so they can recommend the best product for you that will not interact with your medications.  If your husband is experiencing pain and fatigue that is new and unusual, he should be examined by his doctor to make sure everything is OK and his diabetes is being managed appropriately. A basic multivitamin is usually OK to take. ... Also, you should make sure he is eating a healthy and well-balanced diet that contains fruits and vegetables. This is the best way to get all your vitamins and minerals.  My Aunt had the exact issue during her radiation and chemo treatments for breast cancer. I know she used nutragena Tea Tree oil shampoo which relieved the itching and flakiness greatly. She used tea tree oil cleaners on her face also. She found she used a lot of aveno baby products also. I think there was an oatmeal bath soap (liquid) that was also helpful.  I don't know  Congratulations on your decision to start a healthy lifestyle. To insure success, it's important to develop a plan. Visit the link pasted below to go to webMDs food and fitness planner. There you can register (for free) and get a ton information on nutrition and exercise. Since you have diabetes it's important to talk to your physician before beginning an exercise program as they might have some specific directions for you. That being said, generally well controlled diabetics can engage in many activities like weight lifting, walking, swimming, or group exercise classes just to list a few. Also click on the links pasted below to learn more about exercising with diabetes. Now, does that mean you can't start your plan until you meet with doctor? No! Pick one habit you want to change and start.For example, the USDA recommends that you consume 2-3 cups of vegetables a day. Are you meeting that? If not, develop a meal plan for the next 3 days that will enable you to meet this goal. Don't know any good vegetable recipes? No problem! Click on the link below to visit webMD's recipe finder and find out hundreds of ways to prepare vegetables that taste good and are good for you. Once you have met this goal, set another that you will meet the USDA's vegetable guidelines for one week then develop a menu for the week (include breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks). Once a healthy lifestyle choice becomes a habit pick another goal and develop a plan to meet it . Also besides using webMD's food and fitness planner, consider joining our online diabetes community, There you can talk with folks facing the same challenges you are and experts in the field of diabetes management. Follow the link pasted below to go to the diabetes community. Finally, congratulations again on your decision. Remember change takes time but it you develop a plan and stick with it you will see results.  I enjoy otameal periodically, but because of the carb content, it's not an everyday thing. I use 1/3 cup of oatmeal with 2/3 cup of skim milk or plain soy milk depending on what's available and my mood. Avoid sweetened versions of soy milk at all cost ... they're all LOADED with sugar which defeats the whole purpose. I've learned that I can sweeten it with a couple packets of Splenda in lieu of brown sugar, add some pieces of pecans and a small amount of margarine (I personally like " I Can't Believe It's Not Butter" ) for taste. Although oatmeal has some carbs, it also is high in fiber which helps manage carbohydrate and cholesterol issues and it makes a nice breakfast while providing a little variety in the diet.  5.2  First and foremost, it's important for you to eat regular meals at regular times -- breakfast, lunch, dinner and snack. Then you need to understand which foods have carbohydrates and how to eat a consistent amount at meals. This article reviews carb counting and how it works. Once you understand which foods have carbohydrates, you can plan meals that are easy to prepare. For example, oatmeal topped with nuts and fruit for breakfast takes minutes to prepare. Lunch can be a tuna or turkey sandwich and a salad and dinner pasta with veggies and a lean protein. This article reviews a sample diabetic meal plan. I understand that you are overwhelmed and would like a list of foods to eat, but it will take some learning and patience on your part. I highly recommend seeing an outpatient diabetic educator to learn strategies for controlling your blood sugar. There are some frozen meals you can buy, once you understand how much carbs you need and what you need to stay healthy Slowly build a list of simple meals you can make, including some frozen, and you will be in good shape.   Although studies show low vitamin D is linked to poor diabetes control , it wouldn't necessarily give you a false reading. A hemoglobin A1C higher than 6.5% indicates diabetes. The fact that your fasting blood glucose was normal, is probably why your doctor is having you re-take your hemoglobin A1C. Hopefully the second test will give you some clarity.  500mg/dl is a very high blood glucose that needs attention from a health professional. The American Diabetes Association recommends the following blood glucose levels for people with diabetes: 70 to 130 mg/dL before meals, and less than 180 mg/dL after meals. When blood sugar levels remain too high ketoacidosis can result (click on the link for more info), but that is more likely to occur in someone with type 1 diabetes. Over time, having high blood sugars puts people at risk for various complications. It's important you work with your doctor to lower your blood glucose level as is working with your dietitian/diabetes educator to make changes to your meal plan and/or medication. Don't delay getting help! There is quite a learning curve when diabetes is first diagnosied but once you get it, it will become easier. For more on blood sugar control, see this WebMD article  People living with diabetes need to watch total carbohydrates and make healthy choices most of the time. A one-half cup serving of both stuffing and corn is about 15g carbohydrates, 1 carb serving. So they are similiar in terms of carbohydrates and how they will affect blood sugar. Most people with diabetes can have between 3 and 5 carbohydrate servings at each meal. Make sure to work with your healthcare provider on the appropriate of carbohydrates for you. For good and bad food choices for people with diabetes, see this article.  I cannot find any research that shows taking yeast results in weight gain. As for your weight, you Body Mass Index in borderline normal weight, meaning you are on the lower end of normal. This BMI calculator can give you more personalized info and help you decide where you want to be. I highly recommend you visit to a registered dietitian who can take your diabetes into account while advising you on diet. You can find one at eatright.org. Exercise, especially resistance training, and a balanced diet, can help you build muscle which can increase weight over time. For more on healthy weight gain see this article.  A glycated hemoglobin A1C of 6.0 (5.7-6.4 range) is considered pre-diabetes, meaning your husband has elevated blood sugars and is at increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 15-30% of people with pre-diabetes will be diagnosed with full blown diabetes in 5 years.  That is a low blood sugar reading. The American Diabetes Association recommends 70-180mg/dl for most nonpregnant adults with diabetes. Before meals it's 70-130mg/dl and 180mg/dl or less after meals. More or less blood sugar levels may be recommended based on individual circumstances. If your grandmother continues to experience low blood sugars, she should see her healthcare provider. She may need changes in the medications she is taking. For more on managing blood sugars, see this WebMD article.  All fruits and vegetables contain fiber and are beneficial for diabetes. Non-starchy vegetables are especially beneficial because they contain little carbohydrate (and calories) for lots of fiber and vitamins and minerals. This includes leafy greens like spinach and kale, broccoli, green beans, peppers and cauliflower. Fruits are great to include with meals but make sure to count them a carbohydrate serving. Fruit choices include strawberries, apple, pears, dried fruit, berries and cantaloupe. Beans (black, kidney, pinto) are also rich in fiber and great to substitute meat at meals because they also contain protein. But they too count as carbohydrates so make sure you keep them in. For more about foods that help control blood sugar, see this WebMD article. And for more on carb counting, check out this resource.  His diet shouldn't change from what he has been doing to manage his blood sugar, which usually includes counting.  That seems within the normal range. But what really matters is not one blood sugar level but the overall pattern. That's why its recommended you write down what you eat along with your blood sugar levels and show them to a diabetes educator. They work with you on modifying your diet to help manage blood sugars during pregnancy.  I think the best thing to do is get a physical and lab work done. You need to check your hemoglobin A1C to see what your average blood sugar have been. You also could be anemic or dealing with another nutrition deficiency. Here are some potential causes of being tired. You also want to check your diet to make sure you are eating right -- consuming regular meals with all the food groups and a carb-rich snack before your practices for energy. See this article for more on what to eat before, during and after exercise. With some detective work, you will discover why your body is not getting into the shape the way it typically does. Listen to it, it's trying to tell you something. Good luck!   You need to work with your healthcare provider, preferably a diabetes educator, on your goals for blood sugars and A1C. Another thing you can do is look more closely at your diet by making sure the amount of carbohydrates you consume is consistent across your meals. Eating regular meals at about the same time daily, and keeping carbohydrate servings to 3-5 servings at meals and 1-2 snacks, is beneficial. This article can get you started on carb counting , but I highly recommend you see a dietitian who specializes in diabetes. To find one go to eatright.org.  Drinking diet soda in moderation should not be a problem. Although diet soda was associated with preterm delivery, more studies are needed to confirm a relationship. Also remember soda has caffeine. The March of Dimes recommends 200mg or less daily for pregnancy women and a diet coke has 45 mg. Be sure not to skimp on water and other nutritious beverages such as milk.  The key for diabetes is keeping carbohydrate intake consistent throughout the day. Oatmeal is a healthy, carbohydrate-rich food that is beneficial for heart health and can fit in a healthy diet. You want to work with your healthcare provider on how many carbohydrates you need in a day. The American Diabetes Association recommends 45-60 grams of carbohydrate at a meal (3-4 carbohydrate servings). One half cup of oatmeal, without added sugars, contains about one carbohydrate serving (15 grams). If you add to Tablespoons raisins, that is another carbohydrate serving. The benefit of carbohydrate counting is you have flexibility about what you eat as long as you stay within your recommended carbohydrate intake. But choosing carbohydrates that are nutritous, like oatmeal (and other whole grains), fruits and dairy, is important for a healthy diet. If you need help, see a diabetes educator for more assistance. For more information on carb counting see this article http://diabetes.webmd.com/carbohydrate-counting-for-people-who-use-insulin  It is possible that what you ate the night before your blood test could influence your test somewhat (probably not significantly). If you think this is the case, you can repeat your test eating like you normally would. But another factor is your blood sugar control. If you blood sugars have been higher lately that could also cause your cholesterol to increase. You can tell this by checking your  The key is not to avoid certain foods when you have diabetes, but to be aware of the total carbohydrate in foods and keep intake consistent throughout the day. A small piece of fresh fruit, 1/2 cup canned and 1/4 cup dried fruit contains about one carb serving (15g total carbohydrates). Most people with diabetes can have between 3 and 5 carbohydrate servings at each meal and 1 to 2 at snack time. Foods with added sugars are less nutritious than foods with natural sources of sugar but what counts for blood glucose control is watching total carbs. For good health, healthier sources of carbohydrates are recommended including whole grains, fruits and low fat dairy.. Make sure to work with your healthcare provider on the appropriate of carbohydrates for you. For more on carb counting see this article.   Because you have multiple health problems, you should stay in close contact with your health care provider while making changes. Keeping your blood sugar in good control will help your triglycerides so that should be a main focus. Be sure to check hemoglobin A1C levels to see what your average blood sugars have been. A diabetes educator can help with your diet if your blood glucose has been high. Other things to do (which you may have already been doing) is reducing alcohol, lowering your sugar and refined carbohydrate intake, participating in regular exercise, eating more fish and replacing healthy fats (olive oil/canola oil) for saturated fats (butter, high fat meats etc). There is research that shows high-dose omega-3 supplements with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) can help lower triglycercides but you will need a doctor's prescription. Best of luck to you!  Before eating, target blood sugars for gestational diabetes is below 105 for plasma and 95 for whole blood. Two hours after eating, plasma levels should be below 130 and whole blood 120. Most meters measure plasma, and if that is the case your level would be a bit high. It's vital for you to work closely with your healthcare provider on appropriate blood sugars and what/when to be eating. Writing down what you eat, what your levels are and reviewing it with a diabetes educator, is important. For more guidance on gestational diabetes, see this helpful WebMD article.  These two different measurements, tell you different things. Your hemoglobin A1C measures your average blood sugars over a 2-3 month period. This gives you the big picture of how you are doing with blood sugar control. Your fasting blood glucose is not a great indicator of how you're are doing overall, but the American Diabetes Association does recommend a fasting-glucose under 130mg/dl. For example, you blood sugar might run on the low side in the middle of the night only to increase in the morning (the liver stores glucose and deposits in the blood stream when needed). I suggest seeing a diabetes educator for tips on troubleshooting your fasting blood glucose. This article on hemoglobin A1C and monitoring blood glucose might be of interest to you. Good luck and good job on your A1C!  Some chemo drugs can elevate blood sugar levels. It's important to talk to your doctors about whether or not you need to add medication during your cancer treatment to help keep blood sugars controlled.  It really depends on what and how much you are eating at mealtimes. If you are eating very little fat and protein, which are filling, you could be hungrier faster. Here are some tips on how to stay full longer: Include a protein source at meals and snacks. That could be an egg with your oatmeal, lean meat with lunch and fish/beans at dinner. Include a healthy fat source at main meals. That could be nuts/seeds topped on cereal or yogurt, avocado on a salad or sandwich and veggies roasted with olive oil Increase fiber intake by including beans, fruits, vegetables and whole grains which add to fullness. Include salads at lunch and plenty of veggies with dinner. Include 3-5 food groups (lean protein, fruit, vegetable, whole grain, healthy fat and dairy) at main meals 2-3 at snack time. Keep your carbs consistent as directed by your healthcare provider. Keep a journal and note which foods do a better job of filling you up because at least part of this is subjective. If you have recently changed your eating habits it may take a while to get used to eating different foods and more frequently. Most people with diabetes eat at least 3 meals and one snack. Good luck!   Sugar intake should not cause blood pressure to increase but foods high in sodium can. Many convenience foods have sugar, salt and fat. So it could be that the days you eat sugar, you also get extra sodium causing your blood pressure to spike. If you want to avoid diabetes, keep your weight in check, eat a healthy diet and get plenty of exercise. This WebMD article provides more of the specifics on preventing diabetes from developing.  The fasting blood glucose (sugar) test is the preferred way to diagnose diabetes. It is easy to perform and convenient. After the person has fasted overnight (at least eight hours), a single sample of blood is drawn and sent to the laboratory for analysis. This can also be done accurately in a doctor's office using a glucose meter. Normal fasting plasma glucose levels are less than 100 milligrams per deciliter (mg/dl). Fasting plasma glucose levels of more than 126 mg/dl on two or more tests on different days indicate diabetes. A random blood glucose test can also be used to diagnose diabetes. A blood glucose level of 200 mg/dl or higher indicates diabetes. When fasting blood glucose stays above 100mg/dl, but in the range of 100mg/dl-126mg/dl, this is known as impaired fasting glucose (IFG). While patients with IFG do not have the diagnosis of diabetes, this condition carries with it its own risks and concerns, and is addressed elsewhere. The oral glucose tolerance test Though not routinely used anymore, the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) is a gold standard for making the diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. It is still commonly used for diagnosing gestational diabetes and in conditions of pre-diabetes, such as polycystic ovary syndrome. With an oral glucose tolerance test, the person fasts overnight (at least eight but not more than 16 hours). Then first, the fasting plasma glucose is tested. After this test, the person receives 75 grams of glucose (100 grams for pregnant women). There are several methods employed by obstetricians to do this test, but the one described here is standard. Usually, the glucose is in a sweet-tasting liquid that the person drinks. Blood samples are taken at specific intervals to measure the blood glucose. For the test to give reliable results: the person must be in good health (not have any other illnesses, not even a cold). the person should be normally active (not lying down, for example, as an inpatient in a hospital), and the person should not be taking medicines that could affect the blood glucose. For three days before the test, the person should have eaten a diet high in carbohydrates (200 grams-300 grams per day). The morning of the test, the person should not smoke or drink coffee. The classic oral glucose tolerance test measures blood glucose levels five times over a period of three hours. Some physicians simply get a baseline blood sample followed by a sample two hours after drinking the glucose solution. In a person without diabetes, the glucose levels rise and then fall quickly. In someone with diabetes, glucose levels rise higher than normal and fail to come back down as fast. People with glucose levels between normal and diabetic have impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). People with impaired glucose tolerance do not have diabetes, but are at high risk for progressing to diabetes. Each year, 1%-5% of people whose test results show impaired glucose tolerance actually eventually develop diabetes. Weight loss and exercise may help people with impaired glucose tolerance return their glucose levels to normal. In addition, some physicians advocate the use of medications, such as metformin (Glucophage), to help prevent/delay the onset of overt diabetes. Recent studies have shown that impaired glucose tolerance itself may be a risk factor for the development of heart disease. In the medical community, most physicians are now understanding that impaired glucose tolerance is nor simply a precursor of diabetes, but is its own clinical disease entity that requires treatment and monitoring. Evaluating the results of the oral glucose tolerance test Glucose tolerance tests may lead to one of the following diagnoses: Normal response: A person is said to have a normal response when the 2-hour glucose level is less than 140 mg/dl, and all values between zero and two hours are less than 200 mg/dl. Impaired glucose tolerance: A person is said to have impaired glucose tolerance when the fasting plasma glucose is less than 126 mg/dl and the 2-hour glucose level is between 140 and 199 mg/dl. Diabetes: A person has diabetes when two diagnostic tests done on different days show that the blood glucose level is high. Gestational diabetes: A woman has gestational diabetes when she has any two of the following: a 100g OGTT, a fasting plasma glucose of more than 95 mg/dl, a 1-hour glucose level of more than 180 mg/dl, a two-hour glucose level of more than 155 mg/dl, or a three-hour glucose level of more than 140 mg/dl.  There are two major types of diabetes: type 1 and type 2. Type 1 diabetes was also called insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), or juvenile onset diabetes mellitus. In type 1 diabetes, the pancreas undergoes an autoimmune attack by the body itself, and is rendered incapable of making insulin. People with type 1 diabetes must rely on insulin medication for survival. In persons with type 1 diabetes, the beta cells of the pancreas, which are responsible for insulin production, are attacked by the misdirected immune system. It is believed that the tendency to develop abnormal antibodies in type 1 diabetes is, in part, genetically inherited, though the details are not fully understood. Type 1 diabetes tends to occur in young, lean individuals, usually before 30 years of age, however, older patients do present with this form of diabetes on occasion. This subgroup is referred to as latent autoimmune diabetes in adults (LADA). LADA is a slow, progressive form of type 1 diabetes. Of all the patients with diabetes, only approximately 10% of the patients have type 1 diabetes and the remaining 90% have type 2 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes was also referred to as noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), or adult onset diabetes mellitus (AODM). In type 2 diabetes, patients can still produce insulin, but do so relatively inadequately for their body's needs, particularly in the face of insulin resistance as discussed above. In many cases this actually means the pancreas produces larger than normal quantities of insulin. A major feature of type 2 diabetes is a lack of sensitivity to insulin by the cells of the body (particularly fat and muscle cells). While it is said that type 2 diabetes occurs mostly in individuals over 30 years old and the incidence increases with age, we are seeing an alarming number patients with type 2 diabetes who are barely in their teen years. In fact, for the first time in the history of humans, type 2 diabetes is now more common than type 1 diabetes in childhood. Most of these cases are a direct result of poor eating habits, higher body weight, and lack of exercise. Diabetes can occur temporarily during pregnancy. Significant hormonal changes during pregnancy can lead to blood sugar elevation in genetically predisposed individuals. Blood sugar elevation during pregnancy is called gestational diabetes. Gestational diabetes usually resolves once the baby is born. However, 25%-50% of women with gestational diabetes will eventually develop type 2 diabetes later in life, especially in those who require insulin during pregnancy and those who remain overweight after their delivery. "Secondary" diabetes refers to elevated blood sugar levels from another medical condition. Secondary diabetes may develop when the pancreatic tissue responsible for the production of insulin is destroyed by disease, such as chronic pancreatitis (inflammation of the pancreas by toxins like excessive alcohol), trauma, or surgical removal of the pancreas. Diabetes can also result from other hormonal disturbances, such as excessive growth hormone production (acromegaly) and Cushing's syndrome.  Well, the correct answer is that a person with diabetes really is not restricted to eating certain foods, so while a candy bar may not be the best choice nutritionally, an occasional indulgence is understandable. A candy bar usually has about 220-250 calories and somewhere between 25-30 grams of carbohydrates. On average, most patients with diabetes require one unit of insulin for every 10-15 grams of carbohydrates they eat. So you could try two units of a short acting insulin and see how you do. However, it is really important that you meet with a diabetes educator/nutritionist to see what your insulin ratios are, and what your sensitivity is. You should not consider insulin an option to "knock out" the sugar in the candy bar. It is more complicated than that. The type of carbohydrate, what it is combined with, and what your glucose level is before you start eating are all factors to be considered. You should really meet with a diabetes educator/nutritionist or your physician before you move ahead and adjust any insulin doses by yourself.  There are many things that can cause numbness or tingling of the tongue. Some of these include: 	Problems within the brainsuch as multiple sclerosis, stroke or brain tumor 	Problems with a nerve in the mouth or the facemost commonly the result of dental procedures such as tooth extractions. 	Vitamin or mineral deficienciessuch as low vitamin B 12, folate, iron 	Infectionssuch as yeast infections or the tingling that comes before a cold sore 	Burning mouth syndrome 	Certain medications 	Toxic exposures Diabetes can cause nerve damage but that usually affects the feet and the hands. Peripheral artery disease also affects the arms and legs. Your husband should see his doctor to see what is causing his discomfort. He may be referred to an ear nose and throat specialist to help find the cause. I hope he gets some relief soon.  Yes. There are several classes of drugs that may increase blood sugar levels and thus increase the risk for diabetes. Some of these are: 	Statins: These are very effective medicines that reduce cholesterol. They reduce risk of heart attack and stroke. These include atorvastatin (Lipitor), simvastatin (Zocor), rosuvastatin (Crestor), fluvastatin (Lescol), lovastatin (Mevacor), and pravastatin (Pravachol) 	Thiazide diuretics: These are a type of water pills that are sometimes used to treat high blood pressure or swelling. Hydrochlorothiazide or HCTZ is a common example. 	Steroids: These are anti-inflammatory medicines such as prednisone and cortisone. They also include anabolic steroids used in muscle building. 	Beta-blockers: They are used to treat high blood pressure and certain heart problems including heart failure. They are also used after heart attacks to increase survival rate. Examples include carvedilol (Coreg), propranolol (Ideral), metoprolol (Toprol and Lopressor), nadolol (Corgard) and atenolol (Tenormin). 	Atypical antipsychotics: These are used to treat a variety of psychiatric illnesses. These medications may cause weight gain and increase the risk for diabetes. They include: olanzapine (Zyprexa), risperidone (Risperdal), aripiprazole (Abilify), and ziprasidone (Geodon) In many cases the benefits of using these medicines outweigh any risks. Only your own doctor can help you decide what medicine is right for you. Never stop any medicine without first talking to your doctor.  Congratulations! It sounds like you are doing an excellent job with your lifestyle changes. Diet and exercise are the cornerstones of treating both heart disease and diabetes. But at the same time, there are many studies that show that taking statins after a heart attack can actually help prevent future heart attacks as well. A major study called the CARE trial showed that people who were on statins for at least 5 years after a heart attack were less likely to need further procedures, such as bypass surgery or stents. They were also less likely to die from heart disease. Statins can help keep plaque from building up in the arteries, including those around the heart. In some cases, they can actually cause a regression of the plaque. A statin may also help stabilize this plaque so that it is less likely to break and cause a blood clot. A blood clot in an artery on the heart wall is what causes most heart attacks. It is very important that you work closely with your doctor. Your lipid levels and other risk factors should continue to be carefully monitored. Talk to your doctor about any concerns you have about your medications. Working together, you will be able to come up with a long term treatment plan that is right for you. Keep up the great work!  Actually, the answer is a bit complicated. High cholesterol and diabetes are independent risk factors for heart disease. Some people may have one or the other. But many people have both and they do appear to be related. Scientists are studying the effects that high blood sugars and insulin resistance have on the different types of fats in the blood. Insulin is a hormone made by the pancreas. It helps the cells in the body take up and use glucose for energy. In diabetes, the cells become resistant to the effects of insulin. Glucose then builds up in the blood. The more resistant the cells are to insulin, the higher the triglycerides and LDL (or bad cholesterol) levels become. At the same time, the HDL (or good cholesterol) levels fall. But the good news is that both diabetes and high cholesterol can respond to the same healthy lifestyle changes. Talk to your doctor about positive changes that you can make in your diet and exercise habits that can put you back on the road to good health. WebMD is a great source of information about diabetes and about high cholesterol. Here are two links to get you started. http://diabetes.webmd.com/default.htm http://www.webmd.com/cholesterol-management/default.htm You may also want to talk to a diabetes educator or nutritionist. They can help create a diet plan that is right for you.  There can be many causes for a neuropathy. Your doctor has most likely already taken a good medical history and a physical exam. Many clues can be obtained with these simple tools. Examination of the legs and feet will include checking your reflexes, strength, and sensation. Depending on the results, you may need an EMG test and lab work. Sometimes, x-rays, CT scans, or MRIs may be needed of your back or brain. Some of the possible causes of neuropathy, besides diabetes, include: vitamin B12 deficiency, thyroid problems, autoimmune diseases, Lyme disease, inflamed blood vessels, kidney failure, alcohol abuse, HIV infection and syphilis. Multiple sclerosis, Guillain-Barr syndrome and rare types of cancers may also cause neuropathy. The next step if your doctor cant find a cause for your problem would be to see a neurologist. This is a doctor who specializes in diseases of the brain and nerves. Make sure to take all your test results with you. I hope you get some answers and relief soon.  When I discuss "diabetes reversal" ... I'm talking about type 2 diabetes, the kind that is associated with being overweight or obese. ... Second, when I talk about "diabetes reversal," I'm talking about trying to put the diabetes into remission, meaning that the blood sugar levels are normal without diabetes medication. In other words, the disease is undetectable. Third, if the diabetes is too far advanced or if you have been on diabetes medication for too long, the diabetes might not be fully reversible, or may quickly relapse. Fourth, it takes hard work and sacrifice to master the eating and exercise strategies that reverse the diabetes. I can show you the way, but I can't make you do it. You have to want it badly enough to make it happen. I suspect that 75% to 80% of people with type 2 diabetes can potentially reverse their disease to the point of full remission. These remissions can last for years. Perhaps lifelong remissions are possible!  Most experts feel strongly that breakfast, typically within about an hour or so after waking, is very important. I do not disagree, however I am mostly interested in the content of the meals rather than the meal timing.  Most eating strategies allow coffee, even with a little bit of 2% milk.... I've become increasingly concerned with poor sleep quality and insufficient sleep duration in many patients with type 2 diabetes. Decaf would be better than regular coffee for that reason. Also, caffeine has subtle glucose-raising effects, but much less than toast.  strategies for fighting diabetes are pretty much the same as the strategies for fighting diabetic kidney disease. Doctors and patients try to keep the blood sugar levels and blood pressure levels in excellent control because high glucose and/or blood pressure can accelerate the damage. An eating and exercise strategy designed to reverse the diabetes as much as possible is a top priority for slowing the kidney damage. This would involve losing as much excess body fat as possible and keeping your muscles, heart, and lungs in shape via cardio and resistance exercise. There are many good eating strategies. Avoiding excess starch, sugar, and animal fat are the top priorities in my view. Avoiding excess salt and protein may also slow the kidney disease. ... A good way to follow the kidney disease progression or slowing is via the urine protein levels, as well as the "glomerular filtration rate" (GFR) test.  I wish I had something useful to suggest. Some method of convincing a loved one to shed unhealthy habits and pick up good ones. It is such a common situation -- when we care deeply for someone who is putting their own health in jeopardy. Almost eveyone experiences some form of this during their lifetime. Parents worry about their teenagers putting themselves in risky situations. Children of alcoholics, or smokers. Family members who don't take care of themselves. We wonder if their unhealthy habits will lead to serious illness or death that will take them from us prematurely, or cause problems that we have to deal with, or put us in a position of having to look back with regret that we should have done something to cause them to change. We've heard stories or seen movies where someone's behavior takes a turn for the better after an emotional conversation. Either a pep talk or a crying session, or a stern lecture, etc. Sometimes it actually works in real life. Other times it just gets awkward or backfires. In my experience it usually backfires or leads to hurt feelings and resentment. However, at least we can look back and convince ourselves we tried. My advice is to try for one of these intense conversations when the timing seems right. Then you can at least live with yourself without wondering if you should have done something differently. Tell her how it makes you feel and how it might impact you if she has a stroke or heart attack or goes blind or she ends up on dialysis or loses a foot because of her actions. Learn how it makes her feel to have diabetes and to have to choose between the sacrifices of doing nothing and allowing her disease to progress vs. the sacrifices of making changes that are difficult and reduce the few sources of pleasure she might get in a typical day. You are both in a tough spot. I hope you can work together to find a way to move forward in a positive way.  People who are not eating right and exercising are more susceptible to head colds and those bouts last longer and are more likely to result in complications such as pneumonia or bronchitis or sinusitis, etc. compared to people who eat right and exercise regularly. This general principle is especially true for people with diabetes (type 1 or 2) because their bodies respond particularly well to lifestyle efforts, and they are particularly "penalized" when unable to eat right or exercise. Diabetes is very unforgiving this way. The immune cells (white blood cells) are particularly sensitive to improvements (or worsening) of blood sugar control. They are among the first bodily functions to improve when the glucose control does. This probably translates into rapid reduction in risk for colds and other infections in someone who finds a way to make lifestyle changes. I believe you would not be surprised to hear an answer like this one, and I know you would like to make such changes. We all recognize it is hard to do and takes advanced planning and an organized approach.  One of my greatest pleasures in life is to help patients achieve remission of their type 2 diabetes. This means their blood sugar levels have become normal in the absence of any diabetes medication. Many clinicians and patients are interested in learning my views about how to go about decreasing and discontinuing diabetes medications. The main role for medications is to help reduce or delay the risk of nasty complications of diabetes, particularly the damage to the retina, kidney, nerves,and circulation. The higher the average blood sugar level, as indicated by the hemoglobin A1c level, the greater the complication risk (which increases exponentially with increasing A1c). We know from clinical trials that using medication to keep the A1c at or below 7% can help reduce the risk of these complications. There is broad agreement that clinicians should recommend starting or increasing diabetes medications to patients who cannot get their A1c level to 7% or less via lifestyle change. Many patients come to me because the A1c is already over 7%, and their primary care provider proposes increasing their diabetes medication, unless the patient can get to 7% or less with improved eating and/or exercise habits. Some of these patients are already on many pills, and insulin shots are the frequently the next appropriate treatment. Many patients would rather make the lifestyle changes than take more medication, so when the doctor frames the issue in this way, then a patient might become inspired to renew or increase the lifestyle efforts. The clinician might say let's recheck the A1c in three months, and start the new medication if it is still above 7.0%. There can be little doubt that using lifestyle changes to normalize the glucose levels and A1c is a good thing. In contrast, the strategy of driving the A1c well below 7.0% with multiple medications has little to offer most patients in terms of quality of life or reduced risk of complications. Most patients I see are already taking metformin, which is the preferred second-line treatment after lifestyle change. I typically recommend initiating it in patients with A1cs of 6.5% who cannot push it any lower via lifestyle change. For patients who are already on metformin, I do not decrease the dose unless the A1c is 6.0% or less. I might reduce the dose by half every three months, as long as the A1c stays at 6.0% or less. I stop the final 500 mg of metformin when the A1c is 6.0% or less for at least three months. Some drugs can lower the blood sugar levels below the normal range, causing symptoms of hypoglycemia. These drugs, which include insulin and those in the sulfonylurea family (which are common in patients on more than one kind of diabetes pill) need to be reduced or discontinued by the clinician as required to avoid hypoglycemia, so these are typically the first drugs to be discontinued. It is important that patients who take these medications check their blood sugar levels regularly, particularly while making lifestyle changes. Doing so lets us know the risk of future hypoglycemia and guides the decision about when to decrease or discontinue such medications. In the absence of insulin or sulfonylureas, then other drugs (such as pioglitizone) come off next. I typically wait until the A1c is 6.5% or less to propose stopping such drugs, and would not initiate or re-initiate any diabetes drugs (other than metformin as noted above) unless the A1c is above 7.0%. So, in summary, ambitious eating and exercise goals are important in all stages of diabetes, and drugs are crucially important in patients who cannot otherwise keep the A1c below 7.0%. It is clear that medications can be avoided, delayed, or discontinued when lifestyle efforts are intensified and sustained. For many (if not most) patients, lifestyle coaching by a clinician, dietitian, personal trainer, peer group, etc. can dramatically increase the odds of success.  I personally have never liked the taste or texture of oatmeal. This is unexpected because I like the taste of almost all foods I have ever tried. Oatmeal tastes OK to me only if it is loaded with brown sugar and cinnamon, etc. I LOVE the taste of cold cereal, and I would eat if every day for breakfast if I could justify it. But I can't because of the carbohydrate load. The very high-fiber cereals seem more reasonable to me, but I'd rather eat other things personally. Professionally, I generally try to steer my patients AWAY from oatmeal and high-fiber cereals during the period of time that they are trying to lose weight and reduce their A1c. I do steer them toward other breakfast options such as low-fat cottage cheese, fruit, Greek yogurt, light yogurt, lean breakfast meats (Canadian bacon, turkey ham, etc.) soy sausages, eggs (especially egg whites), and homemade protein shakes (100 calories of protein powder plus 100 calories from milk, almond milk, or fruit). We bring back the oatmeal and high-fiber cereals once they are in maintenance mode. I believe I am in the minority when it comes to my views on oatmeal and high-fiber cereal, however my concern is the high carbohydrate load. I am suspicious of whole grains and believe they interfere with weight loss and A1c reduction unless the dietary fat intake is very low, in which case I encourge eating these foods. The instant oatmeal is pretty highly processed in order to get it to cook so quickly. I believe the research supporting oatmeal consumption is suspect. There are clearly much worse foods one could eat, but there are better ones, too.  I've generally been unhappy with the hospital food served to patients. My main complaint is too much refined starch. Food is generally bland or unhealthy, or both. This is a sad state of affairs because good nutrition is expecially important when ill. However, a patient who is proactive can often get decent food in the hospital. The first choice is to find out the dietary restrictions required by the acute circumstances and then to have a family member or friend bring appropriate food if possible (you need permission from the doctors and nurses to do this, but can often get such permission). Some patients order as much food as they can get, such as extra pieces of fruit or double vegetables, and then pick and choose the best from what appears on the tray. In my hospital, they actually offer a la carte meal service, so if someone wants just protein, fruit, and vegetables they can do pretty well. Still better to eat homemade food if possible though, even if it is homemade chicken soup.  I believe antibody testing for type 1 diabetes is useful in patients for whom it is not obvious whether it is type 1 or type 2. It is worth testing insulin levels first to see if that clarifies the picture. High glucose levels in young obese patients or in lean adults are often hard to confidently classify without insulin levels or antibody tests. Prognosis and treatment, including the potential improvement with lifestyle change, depend on whether it is type 1 or type 2, in large part because the relative contributions of insulin resistance and beta cell dysfunction are important to understand and treat appropriately.  One in three American adults has prediabetes, and to make matters worse, only a small fraction of these people know it! I consider this to be a national emergency. If we fail to detect and reverse prediabetes, then how are we going to stand any chance at reducing the growing epidemic of type 2 diabetes? I caution nondiabetics who are overweight and over age 50 to assume they have prediabetes until proven otherwise. Prediabetes involves mildly increased blood sugar levels, most commonly after meals but sometimes also in the fasting state. This occurs because the pancreas organ can no longer produce enough insulin hormone to sustain normal blood sugar levels (usually about 50% loss of function in prediabetes). Doctors usually diagnose prediabetes with a simple fasting blood sugar level (at least 110 mg/dL) or a hemoglobin A1c level (at least 5.7%). Adults who are overweight or over age 45 should typically be screened for prediabetes/diabetes. Individuals with prediabetes typically go on to develop type 2 diabetes, especially if they do not take steps to delay or prevent this disease via lifestyle changes. Primary care providers have a great opportunity to uncover the huge number of prediabetics out there. Ill estimate that 40%-50% of a typical primary care panel has prediabetes or type 2 diabetes, but that the minority of these patients are diagnosed. It is crucially important to find and warn these patients because lifestyle change, especially weight loss, can really make a tremendous difference in delaying or preventing progression to type 2 diabetes. We know from clinical trials (Diabetes Prevention Program, Finnish Diabetes Prevention Trial) that long-term weight loss in the 4% range delays the progression of prediabetes to type 2 diabetes by about four years longer than when no weight loss occurs. The greater the weight loss, the longer one can expect to delay diabetes. In fact, my working assumption is that prediabetics who achieve long-term weight losses of 10% will delay diabetes by about 10 years, and those who maintain weight losses of 20% will delay diabetes by about 20 years, and so on. I cant prove it, but I think this is a reasonable guess. The crucial point is that the rate of progression from prediabetes to type 2 diabetes is exquisitely sensitive to weight loss, and failure to recognize and capitalize on this fact amounts to a shamefully wasted opportunity in my view. Now, we all recognize that sustaining weight losses on a long-term basis, even in the 4% range, is no easy feat. However, patients stand a much better chance if they participate in a formal program designed for long-term results. We now have much greater experience in designing programs that can cost-effectively achieve this degree of weight loss. If we in the medical profession make it a priority, we can offer good weight-loss support and a better chance at living a fuller life, to the enormous number of undiagnosed prediabetics out there who would like the chance to be found and helped. The medical profession has a pivotal role in addressing this national emergency. I challenge current and future leaders to recognize and act on the alarm I and others are sounding now, in the early stages of catastrophe.  Aerobic exercise and resistance training are both beneficial for diabetes and lower the hemoglobin A1c levels. Structured exercise programs typically produce better results than exercise advice, simply because the structured exercise programs achieve greater intensity and duration and greater compliance, than when patients are left to their own devices to get the recommended exercise. In fact, studies with exercise advice typically produced no improvement in the hemoglobin A1c (due to poor compliance) unless dietary improvements were also made. The best combination is always simultaneous dietary improvement plus exercise (cardio and/or resistance), and the more structured or formalized the better. In fact, while patients who achieve the standard recommended 2.5 hours per week see greater improvements in hemoglobin A1c than those who do not meet this standard; those patients who exceed the standard get even greater improvements!  Skin peeling on the fingertips or tips of the toes is not expected as a result of diabetes. There are probably multiple potential causes including both "systemic" (internal) conditions and "contact" related (external) causes. A dermatologist or primary care provider would be the ones to see if this symptom is significant for you. The numbness in both big toes may be related or unrelated to your skin condition. Diabetic neuropathy, a common complication of diabetes, typically involves toe numbness in both feet. Skin peeling is not part of the condition. If the numbness in the toes seems clearly related to the skin peeling it is probably not diabetic neuropathy. In any case, a doctor would be an appropriate next step.  No, diabetic neuropathy typically affects the toes first, then gradually affects the foot, ankle, then shins, etc. It has to do with the nerves in the legs being the longest, and therefore receiving the greatest cumulative effect of lost nerve conduction caused by chronically elevated blood sugar levels. The sensitivity in the nerve of the tooth usually indicates a dental problem so a dentist is the one to see about it. People with diabetes are at increased risk for dental problems, mostly because of the negative effect of chronically elevated blood sugar levels on the immunity. The white blood cell response to oral bacteria is weakened by the high blood sugar, and dental infections become more likely.  ... It is true that the more severe the degree of obesity, the greater the odds of type 2 diabetes. That's because the excess body fat fuels insulin resistance in the muscles and organs. There may be adverse hormonal effects on the beta cells as well. After years of insulin resistance the beta cells wear down to the point where prediabetes or full type 2 diabetes occurs, but only in a certain fraction of indiviiduals with obesity. We don't fully understand why some people with obesity are at risk for diabetes while others can be obese their whole lives without getting it. The answer is likely in the genetics, but we don't know which genes confer protection or susceptibility. Similarly, some thin people develop type 2 diabetes despite minimal insulin resistance. Again the answer is in the genes, but we don't know which genes.  ... Anemia (reduced red blood cell number and/or volume) is more common in patients with longstanding diabetes. This is probably due to the effect of diabetes on the kidney, which makes the hormone erythropoietin. Erythropoietin stimulates the bone marrow to make red blood cells, but this hormone is reduced in patients with moderate or severe diabetic kidney damage resulting in under-stimulated red blood cell production by the marrow. Most people with diabetes do not have anemia in the absence of kidney disease. It is easy to test for anemia and kidney disease with simple blood tests that most people with diabetes have had many times. There are many potential causes of anemia, including iron deficiency, B12 or folic acid deficiency, heavy menstrual bleeding, ulcer in the stomach or upper intestine, colon cancer, kidney disease, etc. Diabetes itself is not really a primary cause.  Stevia is a natural sugar substitute that belongs in your diabetes reversal bag of tricks. [Many] medical problems [are] fueled by excess sugar, including obesity, type 2 diabetes, heart disease, metabolic syndrome and many other weight-related medical problems. I believe stevia can be a significant part of the solution for many individuals. The key advantage of stevia (over artificial sweeteners) is that it is all natural  it comes from the Sweetleaf plant that grows primarily in tropical and subtropical regions of Western North America to South America. The leaves contain the sweet glycosides stevioside and rebaudioside (discovered in 1931 by French chemists), which are 300 times sweeter than sucrose (table sugar). The leaves themselves taste sweet and can be used whole or in ground form in food and beverages. More typically, the sweet glycosides are extracted from the plant material and sold as a processed powder. Some companies sell stevia liquid resulting from dissolving the powder into a liquid, which might also contain additional flavor enhancements. Stevias taste is on par with other sugar substitutes  sweetness with a mild after-taste. The key to leveraging stevias sweetening power is by masking the after-taste, which is easy to do. Stevia shines when used to enhance the sweetness of foods or beverages that already have some flavor as well as another source of mild sweetness. Its use in the popular beverages Vitamin Water Zero and Sobe Life Water demonstrate that it is gaining traction in the United States. It is usually available as powder, packets or concentrated liquid, in supermarkets, natural foods markets, vitamin shops and health food stores. Its availability and popularity vary from country to country. It is especially popular in Japan, where it has been in commercial use for nearly 40 years. It is becoming increasingly popular in other parts of Asia and in Australia, and I believe it will become increasingly popular in the United States and Europe as well.... I use it instead of honey, sugar, date or splenda in fruit smoothies. Without the stevia, it tastes bland and cries out for some sweetness. It tastes great with the stevia, and there is no after-taste since the fruit masks it. Here are two favorite recipes: Banana Strawberry Smoothies 1/2 banana (frozen) 4 strawberries (frozen) 1 cup water 5 drops liquid stevia Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana Shake 1 banana (frozen chunks) 2 teaspoons natural peanut butter 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder 12 ounces water 10 drops stevia My kids and I love these! There is nothing in there Id hesitate to call healthy. Another example: My 4-year old is much happier to drink milk when it has 3 drops of stevia added. If you have kids that will only drink milk if it is sweetened (eg. with chocolate syrup) but you dont want them consuming so much sugar, then stevia drops are your answer. ... A 2-ounce bottle of liquid stevia ... provides about 250 servings (equivalent to about 500 teaspoons of sugar or over 50 twelve-ounce cans of soda). This saves over 8000 calories, with no effect on blood sugar!  Diabetes is defined by [a] fasting glucose [of] 126 or higher on more than one occasion or [an] A1c [of] 6.5 or higher. All endocrinologists are familiar with the HOMA, however they generally view that as a research tool and most do not use it with individual patients or realize that the calculator is on the internet. I'd guess 1 percent are aware that the HOMA calculator is available on line. Those liver enzyme tests are a pretty good screening test for liver inflamation of any cause, however they are usually within normal limits in patients with diabetes. Fatty liver is common in type 2 diabetes, and a small percentage of people with diabetes develop serious liver conditions such as cirrhosis or liver cancer due to the fatty liver disease associated with diabetes. Alcohol abuse is another frequent cause of elevated liver enzymes. Statin use can cause elevated liver enzymes too.  I dont know any doctors who prescribe sex to treat diabetes, but after hearing a recent lecture Im starting to wonder, Why not? Theres a general notion that sex is favorable to good health, but most doctors dont specifically encourage their patients to have more sex. Naturally, we dont want to encourage unprotected or unsafe sex associated with sexually transmitted diseases, or sex that leads to unwanted pregnancies. Also, we dont want to encourage reckless sex that leads to car accidents or dislocated hips or other unforeseen injuries, and the last thing we want is for someone to have a heart attack during sex and blame us for it. However, I cant think of a single patient I treat who is likely to have any of those bad outcomes from having more sex. Having a heart attack during sex is very rare, and, in fact, increased sexual frequency is associated with reduced risk of heart disease, and is encouraged after recovering from a heart attack. Sex is one form of exercise that most people like! Its good for the heart and circulation, and helps maintain good blood flow to the sex organs. Use it or lose it is a fair statement, particularly in older people and those with diabetes. Erectile dysfunction occurs in over half of men with diabetes, especially after several years of poor blood sugar control, and maintaining sexual frequency may potentially help delay or avoid erectile dysfunction. Not surprisingly, eating right and exercising can help partially reverse erectile dysfunction in men, by improving blood pressure, blood flow, body fat and hormone levels. Women with diabetes may also be at increased risk for sexual problems, and it stands to reason that maintaining an active sex life may help prevent such problems. Healthy sleep habits are very important for diabetes management  and sex and sleep are closely related, (enough to be considered bedfellows perhaps). Sex improves sleep, and vice versa. Similarly, problems with sleep can interfere with sex. Sex releases hormones that help promote sleep (especially in men), and sleep promotes hormones that favor good blood sugar control and appetite control. By the same token, inadequate sleep quality or quantity promotes hormones that worsen blood sugar control, appetite, weight gain, diabetes and heart disease. So here we have a cycle of gradually decreasing health, sleep and sex over time. As one aspect worsens, the others may too, on and on it goes. The shame of it is that people generally like sex and sleep and feeling good. Can we break the cycle? Is it as simple as turning off the TV an hour earlier and having more sex? Unfortunately, its not always so simple. Doctors are in a great position to help patients recognize and reverse this cycle, and should embrace the power of healthy sexuality to fight chronic illness, but most are not doing so. It is not because doctors are unaware of the health benefits of sex. It is not that doctors are afraid of the remote negative outcomes mentioned above. Doctors dont bring up sex because its so easy not to, and because patients dont typically bring it up on their own. This mirrors the reasons doctors and patients often dont bring up obesity and weight loss during the course of a routine health visit. Because visits are often rushed, the problem is not acute, there are lots of other priorities and starting the discussion seems risky. I know we can do much better.  Weve been talking about how there are 3 ways to achieve remission of type 2 diabetes (gastric/duodenal bypass surgery, lap-band surgery, and lifestyle efforts), and governments can potentially save millions of dollars and lives by encouraging people with this disease to work with their health care providers to consider such treatments. Everybody wins with diabetes reversal  patients, doctors, medical insurance companies, employers, taxpayers, the government, the next generation, society, etc. Governments can promote diabetes remission in many ways. One way is specific calls to scientists and clinical researchers to focus more on diabetes remission research, and by reducing barriers to obtaining research dollars. Another way is to encourage the health care establishment to embrace lifestyle coaching for diabetes remission. This message would be particularly meaningful if the charge came from the Surgeon General and the President of the U.S. Lets talk about a particularly intriguing strategy to promote diabetes reversal on a grand scale: to share some of the savings with patients who achieve remission. Getting to remission means taking risks and making sacrifices. Insurance companies and the government save money when patients with type 2 diabetes achieve remission. The savings result from reduced medication use, reduced hospitalizations and reduced rates of expensive medical complications. It is plausible that a Medicare patient who achieves remission via lifestyle changes or surgery saves the US government around $4,000 per year, compared to the costs of treating the diabetes the usual way, with gradually increasing doses of diabetes medications (80% take medication) and high rates of medical complications (more than 50% get expensive and devastating complications). Lets give half the savings back to those individuals who achieve remission! Everybody wins under this scenario. If we reward patients with cash for diabetes remission (as certified by a primary care provider according to some standard definition), then the diabetes remission rates would dramatically increase. Patients, doctors, medical insurance companies, employers, taxpayers, the government, the next generation and society would all benefit. Doing so could be as simple as creating a new kind of tax break for diabetes remission and maintenance of diabetes remission. For example, lets say a tax savings of $2,000 for an initial remission, and $500 for remission maintenance in subsequent years. There is no such thing as a perfect plan. If we wait until we have a perfect plan, then we will never act. In the meantime, millions of people who could get into remission do not know the option exists and may miss out on the opportunity to change their lives. We have the power to convert tragedy into victory and were not using it! Diabetes reversal methods will certainly improve in the next 5 to 10 years, but that is no reason to wait any longer. My mission is to bring diabetes reversal to those who want it and need it, and I believe our time has come to act on a grand scale. Im calling on President and Mrs. Obama, and Surgeon General Regina Benjamin, and all the other leaders who can influence public health to heed my call for a new focus on diabetes remission on a national scale. In the words of our president: Nothing worthwhile in this country has ever happened unless somebody, somewhere stood up when it was hard; stood up when they were told  no you cant, and said yes we can. Well, I know we CAN conquer diabetes, and its time to take it to the next level!!  The vitamin D issue is rather complex. Large observational studies indicate that folks with low vitamin D levels are at greater risk for type 2 diabetes, osteoporosis, and a whole host of medical problems. It is very difficult to know whether this is due to a true cause and effect relationship (low vitamin D helping to cause type 2 diabetes) or whether this association is due to confounding factors, such that low vitamin D levels are just an indicator of poor health status or suboptimal lifestyle habits. ... So far I have not been recommending vitamin D for people who have normal levels, and I have supported supplementation or sunshine for people with low levels.  ... There are multiple potential causes for blurry vision, and speaking with your opthalomologist sooner rather than later makes sense. Blurry vision due to high blood sugar levels is usually when glucose levels are very high, such as well over 300 mg/dl. I would not expect the recent medication change to be an obvious culprit. In any case, I'm confident your health care team can help you find the answers.  In my view the role of fruit depends on the overall eating strategy. If one is doing "Atkins" or another very low carb approach then it can be problematic to eat more than a little fruit, especially the higher glycemic ones like banana, pineapple, and grapes. However, for my patients who aim to follow my usual eating strategy, focusing on vegetables/fruits/lean proteins and lowfat dairy, (and minimizing all grains and fatty meats and dairy), I have not been limiting their fruit intake, with the exception of dried fruit limited to 1/4 cup daily. At first I was a little hesitant to encourage fruit without limit, but my experience with "diabetes reversal" has reinforced this strategy time and time again. Fruit has been crucially important for helping my patients stick to the plan. Most of these patients eat 3 pieces of fruit daily, for example an apple, an orange, and a banana. Some patients eat even more. I rarely have to intervene and ask a patient to reel it in on the fruit intake. It helps so much with weight loss, which offsets the rise in glucose levels that otherwise might occur. Another reason I can get away with prescribing unlimited fruit is because I'm so strict about minimizing starch intake. Put it this way--every type 2 patient I've coached into remission eats at least 2 servings of fruit per day.  Im saddened to report recent findings that obese teens with type 2 diabetes have increased risk of cognitive impairment and abnormalities in the white matter of the brain, compared to other teens who are at the same weight but do not have diabetes. This is another example of the seriousness of the obesity epidemic, which has led to an alarming increase in type 2 diabetes in adolescents. Such children will almost certainly have to make a choice as adults whether to spend the rest of their lives taking increasing doses of diabetes medications, or whether to get gastric bypass surgery or something similar. A small minority will escape having to make this choice by overcoming great odds and taking control of their eating and exercise. Many say the key to saving these kids is to change the environment in which they live, starting with the foods the parent or parents keep in the house. Improving food choices in school cafeterias and placing greater emphasis on exercise at school are other important steps. However, I believe the prognosis is very poor for any child with obesity until that individual makes a decision that he or she is the only one who can solve the problem. Until the teen decides he or she must learn to prepare food and find the time to exercise, then there is no reasonable chance of success. In my view, we need more teachers, coaches, parents, nurses, doctors, dietitians and others who work with children and adolescents to recognize that this is the key to helping individual kids. We need to create scenarios that help these children come to this realization, and we need to provide opportunities that allow them to learn the skills that will allow them to succeed once they decide to take control.  Recently published data from the JUPITER study showing an increased incidence of diabetes with rosuvastatin (Crestor) therapy and a large meta-analysis (n=91,000) in the Lancet (DOI:10.1016/S0140-6736(09)61965-6) which concluded statin therapy was associated with a 9% increased risk for incident diabetes (odds ratio [OR] 109; 95% CI 102117). The researchers wrote: Statin therapy is associated with a slightly increased risk of development of diabetes, but the risk is low both in absolute terms and when compared with the reduction in coronary events. Clinical practice in patients with moderate or high cardiovascular risk or existing cardiovascular disease should not change. Another recent article about atorvastatin showed a similar finding. The problem that people forget is that statins save lives and the level one data proving this fact has been substantiated in multiple large trials. The question I am always asked is: Are statins safe? The short answer is that as a class of drugs they are very safe. These concerns have arisen from information from the news and print media, the internet and from direct-to consumer advertising. Unfortunately, much of the factual evidence is either overlooked or unknown and because of this often misinformation, many patients refuse to initiate statin therapy and others stop long-term treatment out of fear for their safety. To address these concerns about the safety of lipid modulating drugs, The National Lipid Association appointed a Safety Assessment Task Force to evaluate statin safety and in a second report, the safety of non-statin lipid altering drugs. The charge given to this task force was to conduct a rigorous, scholarly, up-to-date, and unbiased assessment. Four panels were assembled which focused on the muscle, liver, renal, and neurological effects of statins. To assure a rigorous comprehensive assessment of statin safety, the Task Force further commissioned reviews of special literature on adverse reactions and drug interactions. Reports of the work included an up-to-the-minute systematic review of published cohort and clinical trial data on statin safety, the most recent data from the FDAs AERS, an inspection of the data contained in the New Drug Applications, and the FDAs Summary Basis of Approvals for marketed statins and associated adverse health events in a 22 million person managed health care database. The results of the Task Force of Statin Safety was published in April 2006 in The American Journal of Cardiology and Non-Statin Safety was published in the same journal in March 2007. In essence, what I am saying is that this is the most comprehensive evidence-based unbiased assessment of all these drugs and the guidelines should be followed by all physicians and their patients. Now, a little background. Cardiovascular disease (CVD)continues to be an epidemic and is responsible for more than half of all deaths in the United States. Each day more than 2600 Americans die from cardiovascular disease. Approximately 80 million American are affected by CVD and more than 125 million lipid panels are performed annually. Despite the increase in cholesterol testing, the number of Americans affected with CVD continues to rise. Abnormal lipids (Dyslipidemia) is well established as one of the strongest independent predictors of CV morbidity and mortality. There have been large outcome trials that have consistently shown that lowering LDL cholesterol reduces morbidity and mortality associated with coronary heart disease. As the data continues to accumulate, the notion that lower is better has uniformly been supported. As a result of 5 large clinical trials, the National Cholesterol Education Panel (NCEP) Adult Treatment Panel (ATP) III has recognized this and new guidelines recommend further reducing the goal the LDL cholesterol to (<70mg/dl) in the most high risk patients. You can read the NCEP guidelines on Lipid Management as well as the newer NCEP guidelines on treatment of metabolic syndrome on my website. Despite this new recommendation, the American Heart Associations 2007 statistical update shows that fewer than 20% of patients with CHD have achieved recommended goal levels of LDL cholesterol.  Getting your blood sugar under control quickly is very important. The damage to your body starts well before your blood sugars are in the diabetic range. That's why once we know you have diabetes (or even prediabetes) it's very important to act quickly to get things under control. Even once you start medicine, it's also very important to continue to work on your weight and exercise. It's wonderful that you're focused on that! Once you start medicine, it doesn't mean you have to be on it forever. Most people with diabetes can actually go off medicine if they get their weight down enough and make the right lifestyle changes. I would encourage you to discuss this issue further with your doctor as only he knows your health as well as you do. But it is important to get your blood sugar under control as quickly as possible and your best bet is probably to take the medicine as your doctor suggests, remembering it can be just temporary.  Have you tried looking up miners' syndrome? (minerze) inter ear syndrome. I'm not sure on the spelling, however I have found it on WebMD before.  Preparation H  Hi If your on 3 meals a day, try splitting that up to 6/7 meals a day, this way you will spread out what your eating, and hopefully take away your hunger and you being irritable. But learn to enjoy any exercise you do, if not make it enjoyable, do it with a good friend, get some banter going between you both. Enjoy a good laugh, try being happy, smile more, all ways of getting over being irritable. So please be happy. Good Luck  Ih, If its diabetes 2 you could control that with diet, so that would be one lot of drugs out of the way. Hypertension you can google natural ways out of hbp, you find lots of ways to control that without drugs, more drugs out of your body. High cholesterol, this you can find natural ways to get over this problem without drugs, just google natural way out of high cholesterol do this and more drugs out of your body. Are you by any chance over weight, if so get on a diet and get out and exercise, walking daily, swimming when you can all very good for you. Try cutting out all fast foods and junk foods, try just drinking water and no sodas, keep away from beers and heavy alcohols. Get all this working, you may get rid of your sweaty head. Good Luck  Hi Just follow this link, give it a vary good read and follow what it says. http://www.webmd.com/diabetes/drinking-alcohol Good Luck  Hi Just go look at this link you could find some help for those yeast infections that just wont go away. The link, http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy into google to open and read Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi Losing a family pet is the sane as losing a relative, it hurts us just the same way and as bad. But the way we all greave is different, it would not be right for anybody to say do or that. But getting a new kitten or a cat from a recue centre, doing this would take your mind off your depression, and would help your recovery and a good way out of being depressed. Having just lost/missing one of ours, it dose hurt, we do love our animals as they become a part of our lives. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This is from umm.edu People with diabetes tend to have low levels of antioxidants, which has led some researchers to theorize that this might explain why they're at increased risk for conditions such as heart disease. Vitamin E supplements and other antioxidants may help reduce the risk of heart disease and other complications in people with diabetes. Research shows that antioxidants may help control blood sugar levels and lower cholesterol levels in people with type 2 diabetes while protecting against the complications of eye damage (retinopathy) and kidney damage (nephropathy) in those with type 1 diabetes. One study found that people with type 2 diabetes who took 400 IU of vitamin E daily reduced their risk of heart attack and of dying from heart disease. However, not all studies have found that taking vitamin E supplements helps people with diabetes. If you have diabetes, ask your doctor whether a vitamin E supplement would be right for you. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, If you knew your had a UTI, then you should have gone a couple of days after you knew you had it, so yes go, ASAP Good Luck  Hi I think you have come up with a good question, you should google your question, but I did find this link for you, prospects don't look good, but read on. Link http://www.diabetes.org/news-research/research/access-diabetes-research/ahmed-birth-control.html Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Psychiatric disorders can be a risk factor for, as well as a complication of, diabetes. Antipsychotic medications, widely used to treat a variety of psychiatric conditions, are also associated with diabetes. D iabetes is considered to be one of the most psychologically demanding of the chronic medical illnesses and is often associated with several psychiatric disorders. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Drinking and eating things that are to sugary, will increase your chances of being a diabetic. Best if just kick the habit before it bites back, in a way you will not like. Good Luck  Hi These are the sugars that should be avoided. added sugar granulated sugar, cane sugars, bakers sugar, confectioner's sugar, superfine sugar, cane crystals, yellow sugar, white sugar, brown sugar, refiner's syrup, raw sugar, table sugar, caster sugar, sugar cubes, frosting, ice creams, milk chocolate, white chocolate, dark chocolate, whipped topping, syrups (corn, maple, brown rice, fructose), glucose, glucose solids, dextrose, diastatic malt, maltose, galactose, dextrose, dextran, dextrin, maltose, fructose, sweetened condensed milk, packaged confections, packaged pastries. So this means you add none of these to your coffee cornflakes or anything. Hope you get the picture. Good Luck  Hi If you mean doing it without drugs you can, its all down to diet and exercise, if you can do it, then you slowly come of the drugs with your doctors help. Is this what your looking for. I had a mate in the UK, he did control his diabetes this way, worked for him. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you mean doing it without drugs you can, its all down to diet and exercise, if you can do it, then you slowly come of the drugs with your doctors help. Is this what your looking for. I had a mate in the UK, he did control his diabetes this way, worked for him. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Been through a few sites on side effects, this one is the only one that speaks of your problem. The Link, http://www.drugs.com/sfx/metformin-side-effects.html Just copy into google to open and read. If so you should get to your doctor, perhaps he can change your meds. Good Luck  Hi The chances are high, but if you keep thinking about it, the chances are you will get it, there is some very good items written about that fact. But here's a very good link, lots to read, but gives you all the averages on your chances. The link, http://www.joslin.org/info/genetics_and_diabetes.html I do hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you google your question your find they say the odds are low, but if you a male taken statins could give you ED, yes erectile dysfunction. You can google natural ways out of high cholesterol, lots of help, Cayenne pepper will help as this cleans your blood,www.cayennepepper.info Garlic helps to lower it as well, you can chop down fine a whole head of garlic, mix in olive oil and dried parsley, very good for your blood, take that first thing each morning with a cayenne mix, mix cayenne pepper in tomato paste with olive oil to thin, mix to a heat that suits you, Mix a teaspoon of the garlic mix onto the cayenne mix, mix in the top and take 3 teaspoonful's and wash each down with water, take a small piece of dark chocolate to follow, has a calming effect and cuts the heat down, your find after sometime your body has no reaction to the garlic. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If diabetes 2, has he or you thought of controlling it by diet, this can be done, are you saying he has ED, ED is a side effect of the diabetes drugs, Hence the diet way, get that going and forget the drugs, he should then come back to square one and get his erections back, its either that or get him on Viagra, but sometimes this does not work with the drugs, Hope you can find some help here. Good Luck  Hi if you think either then go see your doctor and get tests done on both, its the only way you will find out what's going on. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi your doctor should be able to read and understand your results the best, and get you on meds, but if your in the low side, then you should be able to control it with a diet, this way if you a guy then you wont get ED from the drugs. ED is a side effect of diabetes drugs. Good Luck  Hi Just google Herbalife side effects, your get the same answers as we can tell you, have a read of any other info you can see as well. Good Luck PS if she really wants to use herbs as a way of life, just go to www.earthclinic.com she should find all the help she needs, for each of the things that she thinks she needs to be taken, may be a lot cheaper than buying company products.  Hi Know your problem, just the opposite sex, but like you have had for to many years, my doctor said there is nothing you can do for it, but just live with it. Its just the wife get fed up with washing my pillows or throwing them away, I can get throw at lease 4 a year. Do hope this helps a bit. Good Luck  Hi After trying very hard to find any kind of got info for you, I have two links, Sorry. OK Not a doctor, but have you thought of getting him a sperm test done, It could be a good place to start, I know diabetes really mucks up a guys sex life, lots of trouble with ED just for starters. But have a read through these two links could be something or nothing. http://www.webmd.com/diabetes/news/20070502/diabetes-may-affect-mens-fertility http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-1033723/Partners-diabetic-men-likely-miscarry.html Just copy each link into google one at a time to open and read. Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi Yes, sounds like she's having, having some kind of reaction. Good Luck  Hi Try these they could help her. re-occurring yeast infections, just google each like this first one, garlic for a yeast infection, sea salt and boric acid. Also have a read through these links, lots of help, no drugs all very natural. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html http://www.naturecures.co.uk/fungi.htm http://www.midwiferytoday.com/articles/garlic.asp Just google each one, one at a time to the www. to open and read. Yeast infections and diabetes is a common thing and hard to get rid of, but things like shaving off pubic hairs is a good thing, a yeast infection dose just love the dampness of the hairs, always wearing just cotton knickers is a good idea, and when she can dont wear any, this all helps kill the yeast. Have a read of this. http://www.diabetesselfmanagement.com/Blog/Jan-Chait/just_itching_to_share_the_news/ It could help, just google the same as above. Do hope this helps her. Good Luck  Hi If this is through plaque, then get him onto some cayenne pepper, this may help. its very good at clearing away plaque. Have a read on www.cayennepepper.info lots of things to read, you may find other help if you google cayenne pepper and blocked veins. He may also find taken fine chopped garlic may help as well, very good for the blood, mix parsley with as well if you want, just do a whole head of garlic with parsley mix with olive oil, keep in the fridge, he can also have cayenne pepper mixed with tomato paste and thinned with olive oil, at first he mix's to a heat that suits him, he takes 3 small spoonful's of this with a spoonful of the garlic first thing every morning, see how it goes, he will find these are all very good for him. and the cayenne will help his prostate as well. Do hope this helps him. Good Luck  Hi, No and here is why. Bacon In addition to whole-fat dairy foods, fatty or marbled cuts of meat also carry a hefty amount of saturated fat, which initiates inflammation in the body and raises cholesterol levels. Since those with diabetes are already at an increased risk of heart disease, eating high-fat meats puts them at an even greater risk of heart disease than the average person. Instead of feasting on fatty bacon , hamburgers, bologna, hot dogs, or spare ribs, fill your plate with lean protein choices like skinless chicken and turkey, fish and shellfish, or lean pork tenderloin. So now do you want to eat bacon, I know its yes, but just say NO, Just google you your question there are a whole lot of fatty foods that you should not eat. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You can google natural ways out of BPH. You can also google natural ways out of high cholesterol. And if its type 2 diabetes this can be controlled by doing a diet. If your on drugs for diabetes and high cholesterol, and you have ED then its probably the drugs causing your ED (erectile dysfunction). Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS Cayenne pepper will help clean plaque from your blood, and a mix of garlic and dried parsley mixed in olive oil will help with your cholesterol, get this going and should help with your BPH.  Hi Look I have had night sweats ever since I was young, been tested a few times and nothing ever shows up, and some nights you could float me out of the bed. Found you this great link, all on night sweats. The link, http://www.patient.co.uk/doctor/fever-and-night-sweats Just copy into google to see it. Should help you. Good Luck PS our only difference is, I'm a man and your a women.   Hi this is an extract from a site called diabetes.about.com. Walking is one of the most popular and widely recommended forms of physical activity for people with diabetes. Its easy, relaxing and can be done practically anywhere. Most important, its highly effective at controlling blood glucose levels. Still, there are important things for people with diabetes to consider before taking off. The rest you will find here. http://diabetes.about.com/od/benefitsofexercise/a/walking.htm But I think your find any doctor unless your having a leg problem will tell yes carry on, its one of the free very healthy things we can do for our heath and bodys, packed with lots of hidden advantages. I do hope this answers your question. Good Luck  Hi Meds for diabetes will do this, you can either ask for a meds change, I think there is some that have no ED side effects, or if you have not had this to long try changing over to doing a diabetes diet, you would be free from drugs and no side effects of ED. This should get your sex life back, talk this over with your doctor, but don't just sit around waiting, do some research on the diabetes diet. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read of this link, you should find help, a lot of the remedies are from women just like you, cant get rid of a yeast infection. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy into googel to open and read. But you can also try these just google each one. Garlic for a yeast infection Boric acid for a yeast infection Sea salt for a yeast infection Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I would pose this question at your doctor, see what he/she says. It could be just for insurance, in case you BP goes high at anytime. If this is diabetes 2? have you thought of controlling it by diet and exercise, get this working you could come of the drugs with your doctors help. Have a look at www.cayennepepper.info its something that should help you blood, and being diabetic. See how you get on. Good Luck  Hi The Answer is no, you either have one or the other. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, The ketogenic diet is a high-fat, adequate-protein, low-carbohydrate diet. It has a lot of health advantages compared to the standard western diet. Most people do keto because of the weight loss, And this could be what is giving you your acetone breath. Acetone Breath, otherwise affectionately known as metal breath or keto breath, is the presence of ketones in your body being produced and turned into acetone. It will taste metallic and have faint wafting essence of ammonia. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Being a diabetic, then you should have a list of dos and don'ts. I would think that raisins, are high in natural sugars, as well as fibre, but being high in sugars would be a no, no. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi to both of you, your husbands Viagra, tell them to watch out for the side effects, for more info on these just google Viagra side effects, I tried at it gave me HPB, and also felt bloated, but now have got over it by taking herbs and a hormone, they do work, but each man is different, so we all need a different mix, get the mix right, things can get back to almost normal, I just take these daily. below is something I have posted before, it may help.  Hi ED your find is a side effect of his diabetic meds, if its diabetes 2 he could control it by diet, if he can, that would mean coming of his meds and get his erections back. Your clitoral stimu, the only thing I can find are if you have over stimulation then it goes numb, is this what you mean? So palavering, is this something your husband is on for his ED or is he on Viagra as they both can do the same thing, they relax the blood vessels to allow blood to flow better, but cant see how that would effect your problem, your clitoris just needs some stimulation but not to hard even oral sex would do it the world of good, less pressure wetter and warmer. Do hope some of this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK for a start if you having ED problems a little bit of Man1 Man Oil, will not help its just a ponced up baby oil. Its your meds your on, these are giving you your problem and your doctor should know this, diabetic meds are known as sex killers. Your real only way is if you can control your diabetes by diet, I worked with a guy he controlled his this way, its all down to foods you eat, takes lots of self control, but if you want your sex life back. Lots of research to do on line, but look at herbs and spices as well, I do know things like cayenne pepper and I think Turmeric will help it cleans your blood, and just read about coconut it slows down the release of sugars into the blood. Its the way to go. Good Luck  Hi Sorry forgot to say, Have a read of a site called www.spacedoc.com your find very interesting, its all about statins, there is reference to Red Yeast Rice and Niacin. Good Luck  Hi Very carefully, if you have them some very long thin nosed tweezers get each side if it and you should be able to pull it out or wait till tomorrow, if it vester's a bit then it will come out a bit easier . But either way give it a good sea salt water after, the will aid the cleaning and healing. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Heres a couple of links these should cover most of what you want to know. http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/gestational-diabetes/Pages/Introduction.aspx http://www.diabetes.org/diabetes-basics/gestational/what-is-gestational-diabetes.html Just copy each link one at a time into google to open and read Hope its what you want. Good Luck  Hi Im not a diabetic, but I did work with a guy for a year who was and he controlled his by diet, saved going the insulin way, which he said people only did that because they were lazy, for him it kept his sex life going, diabetes drugs have a side effect of ED. So yes it can be done below I have put together some links all about diet for diabetes, the last one you may also find very interesting. Do hope these all give some help. Good Luck http://www.joybauer.com/type-2-diabetes.aspx http://medweb.bham.ac.uk/easdec/prevention/diet%20and%20diabetes.htm https://www.diabetes.org.uk/Guide-to-diabetes/Managing-your-diabetes/Healthy-eating--herbal-supplements/ http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21705068 http://www.earthclinic.com/CURES/diabetes-type-ii-treatment.html  Hi Is this what your looking for? Insulin is made in the pancreas , an organ located behind the stomach . Dose this help you. Good Luck  Hi, And yes they are giving you your ED problems. Have you thought of trying to control your diabetes with a diet of the right foods, that's if you can, and that way you would be drug free. This would depend on your diabetes 2, try discussing it with your doctor as a way out of the drugs that are giving you ED. Try googling diabetes 2 diet, you should find what you looking for. Good Luck  Hi OK for a start I have a buddy in NY, wish's he had never had his implant, now that was the nice way to put it. Go have look on www.franktalk.org there's a forum for implants, also have a look at the other forums, this way you should get some info on implants. OK your diabetes, have you tried the diet for it, the side effect of diabetes is ED. High cholesterol, if your on statins side effect is ED, but do go and have a read on www.spacedoc.com your find lots of info why you should not be on them, there's so many other ways of controlling it, just google natural ways out of high cholesterol, your find lots of help. Depression again the drugs side effects is ED so again google natural ways out of depression, more you will find, even meditation will help With your CKD, if you get of some of these drugs, this would take some pressure of it, Do you have problems with HBP, hypertension and are you on drugs for it, again The side effects is ED, so another one to google natural ways out of HBP. To do any of this go through your doctor, but go to him with all you facts and why it would be best to come of drugs for each, and dont get fobbed off. Looking at from my way, and Im not a doctor, but have had ED your see me on frank talk now as nowhard. For your ED you say you tried drugs, but how about injections, theres a couple of guys with diabetes, there on injections, could be worth looking into. Do hope something here helps you. Good Luck PS, Make the implant your final choice, once you get it theres no way back, if its get problems or you get problems with it, its good by sex life as you know it.  Hi What your getting is a side effect of cervical spondylitis, its something your just going to have to live with, the only thing you can do during sex is to try and keep away form doing those things. I know its easy to say, but hard to do. You did not say which diabetes, 1 or 2, if its 2 are you controlling by diet and exercise, if you can it would be best for you sex life, diabetes drugs are sex killers. Have a read of this link, could be helpful. The Link, http://www.researchgate.net/publication/7376788_Improvement_of_sexual_function_in_male_patients_treated_surgically_for_cervical_spondylotic_myelopathy Just copy into google to read it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Try 5 days on 1200, and 2 on 500, your be surprised what you can on the 500 days and how much if you work it out. You even do fruit day, that's very good for you, but no bananas. Do hope this helps you reach your goal. Good Luck  Hi Type two is not good for sperm, it would be best if hubby had a sperm test done, and take it from there. Its the drugs, has he tried controlling it by diet, if he can get this going and slowly come off the drugs, but he would need to do this with his doctor. I had a work mate back in the UK he controlled his through diet, its all down to self control and very good discipline. if he can get it going then who knows? Do hope this helps you both. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi I do know bananas are good for diabetes 2, I worked with a guy who controlled his with the diet, and bananas were a daily thing for him. And yes sweet potato's are also very good for you, a lot better than just potato's, packed with all the goodies you need. If you have a choice do the diet for diabetes 2, could be a lot better for than drugs. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi IF you have an Aloe Vera plant, cut and use the flesh, if not try some Aloe Vera gel, you can get some that's 99% pure. If not Cold tea, calamine lotion or malt vinegar. These last 3 are from my East London upbringing, they all used to work then, well there was nothing else. Do hope they help you. Good Luck  Hi if he's on meds for both then they are his real problem. OK looking at porn in short times like 15 max will lift his libido but its fighting the drugs that's giving him his problem. OK there are ways out of both, if his diabetes in 2 the this can be controlled by diet, this would get him of the meds. So half way there, for his anxiety problems, google natural ways out of anxiety, there are a whole load of ways to try but don't mix them up, there's even meditation, get this bit going then more meds out of the way, after this if he's getting nocturnal erections and morning woods back, then turn on the old love bug, and get your sex machine oiled up. Do hope this helps you and hubby. Good Luck  Hi the top answer makes me look a bit silly, seems I did post a first answer, it should have read something like this, but would not have had the spacedoc in it, or the link to the red yeast rice, just sorry. Hi Ok he's on statins, the go to www.spacedoc.com lots to read from a famous space doctor http://www.charmainejohnson.com/the-ben ... f-parsley/ On this site scroll down to men and parsley and just read on. http://www.cayennepepper.info/health-be ... epper.html On this site look down the left hand side, you should find what you looking for on cholestrol, and theres something on HPB, all very interesting, I do take cayenne pepper for ED. I take 3 small spoonfuls first thing every morning, how just like this. I mix CP in tomato paste and thing with olive oil, he would need to mix to a heat that suits him, over time he builds up the heat, he can also mix in the parsley and garlic in with it, I fine chop a whole head, put this in olive oil with either dried or fine copped fresh parsley, keep both in fridge, all very healthy. And there is Red yeast Rice, you need to read this link. http://www.medicinenet.com/red_yeast_rice_and_cholesterol/article.htm You can also find links to it on spacedoc, sorry more reading. Any links that dont work just copy into google. Do hope some of this helps Good Luck PS if this starts working, he may be able to drop some of the meds, your see why on spacedoc.  Hi Sea Salt in a warm bath will help as it will help clean and heal the bits not healed yet, just a couple of handfuls in each bath will do it, twice a day if you can. Good Luck  Hi Oldie, well if you saying its red blood that means it fresh blood, your find by doing a lot of reading, they always say any signs of red blood coming out of any orifice go see your doctor ASAP. Good Luck  USUALLY THROUGH A BLOOD TEST.  TO MY KNOWLEDGE, THE PALM OILS ARE VERY HIGH IN SUGAR. I USE EQUAL OR SPLENDA.  Our body's natural response to pain is to transform fat to sugar for energy to use to flee from the cause of pain or fight the cause of the pain. Diabetics have impaired ability to utilize or regulate sugar so the blood sugar rises, this also happens with stress or illness.  I would like to recommend alwaysmed.com if you want to have access at all your medical records for Free.  Her weight is over the norm. A blood sugar of 131 if she was fasting is elevated. I would have her evaluated by her doctor to be sure. It could be type 1 or type 2 diabetes.  What are your blood sugar numbers?  Diabetes is blood sugar tolerance. There are 2 types of diabetes, and each of the types affect different on the body!  yes  yes  Hi! I am as we'll hypoglycemic but not diabetic. Have you been diagnosed as diabetic? I to in the mornings crave sugar because my sugar gets so low while sleeping. Sugary protects not the healthiest but there are several healthy foods that could make you feel better! Fiber bars, protein bars. There healthy but will give you the energy you need.  It's a good possibility if you have regular periods. Have you taken a test with first morning urine?  Keep the cats, but have the vet treat them for ringworm (a common fungus, not a worm). Treat the ringworm on your husband. Keep his diabetes in control. Keep your cats (assuming you both want them).  Yes, there can be a correlation. People wtih diabetes (especially uncontrolled diabetes) are considered immunocompromised, so having skin infections would be one manifestation that can occur.  You should be tested for diabetes...yes. A simple blood glucose test and a urine test is all you need...and you don't even have to study for them. While there are other medical reasons for these symptoms, diabetes should be ruled out, especially if it runs in your family.  Of course. You can definitely have ketones show up in your urine if your diabetes (type I or II) is not in control.  No, these readings do not say that you have diabetes. They are basically normal readings  The medical world hears these "miracle", natural cures all of the time, but as you know, just because you read it on the Internet or Facebook, in no way proves scientific efficacy. A person on insulin is likely to need that insulin. I do not believe that any amount or form of okra will "cure" diabetes. Eating a diet balanced with ample vegetable (including okra if you want) will certainly help a diabetic control blood sugar, but as far as I know, there is nothing magic in okra. If there was, Dr. Oz would have devoted a show to it, or you would see research in the medical literature.  Yes, diabetics tend to be immunocompromised and prone to just about any infection, including ear infections. With the proper diagnosis and treatment regime, diabetics will improve, just like the non-diabetics. It would not be possible to predict how long an infection would last, since I do not know the details (type of infection, treatment regime, diabetic control, etc.).  Yes...there can be an hereditary relationship, but not obviously, not every family member will end up with diabetes.  This is most likely an infection (cellulitis), so please contact your medical provider right away so you can have this wound properly examined and treated.  As far as I know, sugars are not absorbed through the skin, but that is an odd coincidence.  I am sorry to hear about your dog and his health challenges. While garlic is not usually a part of a canine diet, it will not harm him. His breath may be a bit more challenging when he kisses you, but don't keep from loving him back.  See your medical provider. This may be GOUT.  Diabetics are more prone to infections....infections that can get out of hand. Many tattoo establishments are not known for their high-levels of sanitation.  If your diabetes is well-controlled, unsweetened applesauce should not be a problem. You can always monitor your response, however, by checking your blood sugar in an hour or two after you eat.  No, but it helps. There are many people of normal weight that have diabetes, but clearly, if you were obese, the chance of getting diabetes increases.  Unable to determine....that depends on the TYPE and DOSAGE of diabetes medication and the person who has the diabetes. More severe cases take longer to get in control.  The easy answer would be ANY EXERCISE. Find an activity that you like. It can be as simple as walking (aerobic) or even taking up a sport, like tennis. The best exercise program is really one that you will do on a regular, consistent basis, at least three or more times per week. Find a partner - it is easier to exercise with a friend.  The causes of vertigo are numerous, whether you are a diabetic or not -- hundreds, in fact. It would not be possible to narrow down these various causes without an extensive examination, medical history, and some diagnostic tests. For diabetics, one must first consider several causes that may be directly related, like blood sugar fluctuations or electrolyte imbalances.  See your diabetic doctor or a podiatrist. You may have a fungal condition of your nail(s) called onychomycosis, but this will need to be confirmed and properly treated....not self-treated. As you know, I have no way of examining your feet! It is best not to mess with your own nails when you have diabetes.  Yes...more risky than someone who is a diabetic.  That is really up to you. It is for your protection not to advertise to the world that you are diabetic. If you go into a diabetic coma for some reason, the paramedics and/or police will see the bracelet and get you prompt and appropriate medical care that could save your life. You don't have to wear an exposed bracelet. You can wear a tiny necklace that is hidden, or put a card in your wallet. Medical Alert bracelets can also warn people of serious allergies and other medical conditions. If I found you lying in the street, I would quickly determine that you are diabetic (and not drunk and passed out since you can have an acetone smell on your breath). Until we all have embedded chips in our necks with essential medical information, the bracelets and necklaces are the best that we can do.  If that were true, there would be millions of diabetics out there looking for okra. Okra is a good vegetable, but unfortunately, okra stems soaked in a glass of water overnight is NOT a cure for diabetes...  Here is one source for you, or you can buy a good calorie book.... http://www.webmd.com/diet/healthtool-food-calorie-counter  Many offices have policies that they can only give HIV results in person. You did not say you were tested, but you should be tested....not once but several times over the next year just to be sure. If you had unprotected sex with someone who is HIV positive, you were most likely exposed. It is not possible to determine individual risk based on this one (or more?) sexual encounters, so this is why you need to be tested a few times, and start using condoms.  I would rather that you SEE your medical provider and have it properly treated. A person with diabetes can have toe or foot infections that quickly get out of control, so you likely need more than lemon.  Perhaps, but he will need to see a urologist or fertility specialist for a thorough medical evaluation to determine the status of his male reproductive organs, including his prostate and testicles. Failure to ejaculate may be caused by several things, and some may be related to his lack of optimum diabetes control. Getting his diabetes in control will be considered a first step in this evaluation process.  That is inexcusable. As difficult as it may be to find a new doctor that is more thorough and responsible, I think you should look around for an INTERNIST. Internists are usually very current with diabetes management, and with patients who have multiple health problems. I am not sure why you are on long-term prednisone, but this can have an association with your blood sugar.  You need to see a good foot specialist....a podiatrist. Not only will they determine the reason for your foot pain, they will also suggest shoes or shoe inserts so that you will be able to walk pain-free.  Either one is fine, assuming your primary care doctor is comfortable in lancing these things and taking a wound culture to identify the "bug" (usually Staph). Because you are a diabetic, you may be more prone to these things, and more prone to infections that can get out of hand, so please do not delay getting treatment.  Usually, "good carbs" are the carbohydrates from vegetables, certain fruits, and whole grains. "Bad carbs" are carbohydrates from table sugar, corn syrup, white potatoes, bread, rice, and similar foods. It's important to remember that even if you are eating only "good carbs," you still need to consider how many total carbs you are taking in because they will still affect your blood sugar. Some people are affected differently by different carbs, too. For instance, an apple doesn't make my blood sugar spike much but a pear does. I know people who have a big blood sugar spike from an apple. Some people can tolerate oatmeal without bad effects, others can't. I know someone who has much less of a blood sugar rise from a Snickers bar than from a plain, untopped baked potato. Often people get better results when they eat protein with their carbs. Having more protein in your diet can also help to control hunger and keep your blood sugar in check. Everybody is different though so if you have a doctor or dietician, be sure to consult with them too. Also, there is a nice Diabetes community here who might be able to help you. http://exchanges.webmd.com/diabetes-exchange  Water, the purer the better, will be your friend. Caffeine is known to irritate the lining and can cause spasms, so it's best to avoid that. Thinned out fruit juice can be good, but watch the sugar. I've had excellent results with herbal teas sweetened with stevia rather than artiicial sweetener. Perhaps start wih a baseline of just drinking water, then try one thing at a time to see how your body reacts. That way you can tell what feels better with your body.  Here's an article on cirrhosis: http://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/tc/cirrhosis-topic-overview It says that cirrhosis can have many causes, not just drinking: Long-term, heavy use of alcohol. Chronic viral hepatitis . Autoimmune diseases, such as autoimmune hepatitis or primary sclerosing cholangitis (PSC). Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) . Blocked bile ducts. A disease called primary biliary cirrhosis develops when the ducts that carry bile out of the liver become inflamed and blocked. Inherited diseases, such as Wilson's disease , cystic fibrosis , or hemochromatosis . I wish you the best.   Diabetes is a disease that affects the amount of insulin and sugar in your body. Your body needs insulin to turn sugar (glucose) into energy. With diabetes, your body may not make enough insulin. If this is the case, you need to take more insulin. Taking insulin will help to keep you from having too much sugar in your blood. Treatment with insulin helps to keep your diabetes under control. The way you live helps as well. Watch your diet. Check your blood sugar levels. Exercise. Plan to be active. These good habits work with your insulin to help you control your diabetes. Ask your healthcare provider for more information about diabetes.   A study from Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston published in July 2012 found a link between phthalates, commonly called "plasticizers,"and diabetes in women. Researchers analyzed urinary concentrations of phthalates in 2,350 women aged 20 to 80 participating in the government-sponsored National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, and found that those with higher levels of phthalates in their urine were more likely to have diabetes than those with low levels. Phthalates are found in medical products including tubing, IV bags, and some medications diabetic link does exist.  Not likely, cold can cause constriction of the eye capillaries. Fasting causes drop in blood pressure and detoxification symptoms.  Hi to both of you and I too am concerned about my wife Debra who is Type 2, seven rods in her back, Dvt in her legs, going thorough menopause, has alllergies and she has all things that you have been experiencing. You have to look at everything. I tell my wife Debra to invesigate everything and find out what works for her, and her Doctor said too that everything was fine. I told her to research her Metformin and she decreased it by 1000mg a day. Guess what she has never felt better, all because she has been losing weight.. Everybody needs to adjust things in this life. We also need to look at other things and it may be or not the problem like weather, flu, colds, nurtition. Try theses Immune Boasting Foods- Elderberry, Button Mushrooms, Acai berry,Oysters,Watermelon,Cabbage,Almonds,Grapefruit,Wheat germ,Low Fat Yogurt,Garlic,Spinach,Green&Black Tea, Sweet Potato and Broccoli and my favorite beets. My Wife just said it could be stress and or associated the nerves so the B-Vitimins would be area to start. I have to go, Bye Steve & Debra  Mine did too, so my doctor added 50 units of Lantus at bedtime. Check it out with your dr.  Can she take a decongestant, such as Sudefed, or Sudefed PE? That would help with the congestion, greatly. I am also a type 2 diabetic, on Coumadin, and take Sudefed daily. Also, if the nosebleeds are an issue, you may want to try some Aquaphor on a q-tip, swabbing the inside of her nostrils with it. Hope this helps!  Walking is the best exercise for everything! If you don't seem to have time to go and walk, park as far from the door at work, grocery store, drug store, anywhere you go as possible. Then walk briskly while going in and out, and if possible while you are shopping. This will help some, and hopefully make you want to walk more, and get into a routine! You can always find 30 min 3 times a week to walk!  Statins may be very effective at stopping our body from producing natural endogenous cholesterol, but they are not very effective in stopping heart attacks according to the medical research I have read. This may be due to the fact that cholesterol is not the cause of arteriosclerosis; cholesterol buildup in the artery walls is caused by inflammation. Forcibly lowering cholesterol causes other problems too numerous to list here. Other than this important point, the answers to the question seem to be accurate, but the standard knee-jerk response that statin drugs are useful as a blanket approach to high cholesterol is outdated and misguided. It should be corrected.  Diabetics are susceptible to fungal infections and other inflammatory skin and tissue diseases. I would strongly recommend a visit to your dentist. This is a condition that requires immediate attention!  Go see a specialist, sounds serious to me, your blood glucose levels are bouncing around, better safe than sorry!  Unfortunately, almost a third of all diabetics may be more prone to certain types of fungal infections (candidiasis) or oral thrush. Many diabetics are also at a greater risk for secondary bacterial infections such as folliculitis (infection of the hair follicles), carbuncles (deep soft tissue infections), and paronychia (infections around the nail bed). Many of these infections may present initially as a rash. Therefore, any suspected rash (on a diabetic) should be evaluated by your physician.  Fasting : under 120 is normal over 120 is high Two hrs after food testing: under 150 is normal over 150 is high.  The other point that shoul be considered is what type of insulin that you are using. Fast Acting or slow 24 hour acting insulins. You should review your record with your Diebetic coordinator to make sure you are not "stacking" insulin. Keep a record by time: of when you eat, how much carbohydrate you consume, your glucose measurements and how much of insulin you take. This record will help your coordinator give you best guidance.  Go ASAP  Type 1 and type 2  If you have diabetes, it is important to know the early signs of hyperglycemia. If hyperglycemia is left untreated, it may develop into ketoacidosis (if you have type 1 diabetes) or HHNS (if you have type 2 diabetes), both of which are serious emergencies. Early signs of hyperglycemia in diabetes include: Increased thirst Headaches Difficulty concentrating Blurred vision Frequent urination Fatigue (weak, tired feeling) Weight loss Blood sugar more than 180 mg/dL Prolonged hyperglycemia in diabetes may result in: Vaginal and skin infections Slow-healing cuts and sores Decreased vision Nerve damage causing painful cold or insensitive feet, loss of hair on the lower extremities, and/or erectile dysfunction Stomach and intestinal problems such as chronic constipation or diarrhea Damage to your eyes, blood vessels, or kidneys  Weight loss, plus exercise, can make a difference in helping people with type 2 diabetes get their hemoglobin A1C -- the measure of average blood sugar levels -- to the goal of less than 7%, according to Osama Hamdy, MD, PhD, medical director of the Obesity Clinic and Program, Joslin Diabetes Center in Boston. He reported on results of a program at Joslin Diabetes Center called Why WAIT (Weight Achievement and Intensive Treatment), in which those with type 2 diabetes are encouraged to lose weight by following the Joslin guidelines for overweight patients. In a report on 85 WAIT participants, Hamdy found that they reduced their initial weight by an average of 24 pounds after 12 weeks. About 82% of the participants reached the target A1C of less than 7%. Their cholesterol levels improved significantly, too. And participants needed less diabetes medicine once they lost weight.  Everyone with diabetes should test their blood sugar, or glucose, levels regularly. Knowing your blood sugar levels allows you to alter your diabetes management strategy if your levels aren't near your target blood sugar. Also, regular testing of your blood sugar can help reduce your risk of having long-term complications from diabetes. Based on studies of people with type 1 diabetes, maintaining near normal blood sugar and HbA1c levels significantly reduces the risks of complications from diabetes. Keep good records of any blood, urine, or ketone tests you do. Most glucose monitors also have a memory. Your records can help alert you to any problems or trends. Also, these test records help your health care provider make any needed changes in your meal plan, medicine, or exercise program. Bring these records with you every time you visit your health care provider.  At present, the diagnosis of diabetes or prediabetes is based in an arbitrary cut-off point for a normal blood sugar level. A normal sugar level is currently considered to be less than 100 mg/dL when fasting and less than 140 mg/dL two hours after eating. But in most healthy people, sugar levels are even lower. During the day, blood glucose levels tend to be at their lowest just before meals. For most people without diabetes, blood sugar levels before meals hover around 70 to 80 mg/dL. In some, 60 is normal; in others, 90. Again, anything less than 100 mg/dL while fasting is considered normal by today's standards. What's a low sugar level? It varies widely, too. Many people's sugar levels won't ever fall below 60 mg/dL, even with prolonged fasting. When you diet or fast, the liver keeps sugar levels normal by turning fat and muscle into sugar. A few people's sugar levels may fall somewhat lower. Without taking diabetes medicine, though, or having uncommon medical problems, it's difficult to drop sugar levels to an unsafe point.  A coma is an emergency in which a person is not conscious. It may occur in people with diabetes because their blood sugar is too high or too low.  When you have diabetes, taking good care of your feet is very important. Poor foot care can lead to serious problems, including possibly having to remove -- or amputate -- the foot or leg. As a person with diabetes, you are more vulnerable to foot problems because the disease can damage your nerves and reduce blood flow to your feet. The American Diabetes Association has estimated that one in five people with diabetes who seek hospital care do so for foot problems. By taking proper care of your feet, most serious problems can be prevented. Here are some diabetes foot care tips to follow. Use mild soaps. Use warm water. Pat your skin dry; do not rub. Thoroughly dry your feet, especially between the toes. After washing, use lotion on your feet to prevent cracking. Do not put lotion between your toes. Check the tops and bottoms of your feet. Have someone else look at your feet if you cannot see them. Check for dry, cracked skin. Look for blisters, cuts, scratches, or other sores. Check for redness, increased warmth, or tenderness when touching any area of your feet. Check for ingrown toenails, corns, and calluses. If you get a blister or sore from your shoes, do not "pop" it. Apply a bandage and wear a different pair of shoes. Cut toenails after bathing, when they are soft. Cut toenails straight across and smooth with an emery board. Avoid cutting into the corners of toes. You may want a podiatrist (foot doctor) to cut your toenails. Walk and exercise in comfortable shoes. Do not exercise when you have open sores on your feet. Never go barefoot. Always protect your feet by wearing shoes or hard-soled slippers or footwear. Avoid shoes with high heels and pointed toes. Avoid shoes that expose your toes or heels (such as open-toed shoes or sandals). These types of shoes increase your risk for injury and potential infections. Try on new footwear with the type of socks you usually wear. Do not wear new shoes for more than an hour at a time. Look and feel inside your shoes before putting them on to make sure there are no foreign objects or rough areas. Avoid tight socks. Wear natural-fiber socks (cotton, wool, or a cotton-wool blend). Wear special shoes if your health care provider recommends them. Wear shoes/boots that will protect your feet from various weather conditions (cold, moisture, etc.). Make sure your shoes fit properly. If you have neuropathy (nerve damage), you may not notice that your shoes are too tight.  To keep you feet safe if you have diabetes: Don't wait to treat a minor foot problem. Follow your health care provider's guidelines and first aid guidelines. Report foot injuries and infections to your health care provider immediately. Check water temperature with your elbow, not your foot. Do not use a heating pad on your feet. Do not cross your legs. Do not self-treat your corns, calluses, or other foot problems. Go to your health care provider or podiatrist to treat these conditions. See your health care provider if you have diabetes and any of the following problems with your feet: Athlete's foot (cracking between the toes) Sores or wounds on your feet Ingrown toenails Increasing numbness or pain Calluses Redness Blackening of skin Bunions Infection Hammer or mallet toes (when the middle joints of toes are permanently bent downward)  DO NOTHING. The guideline in the mouth is simple...two weeks. If it goes away in two weeks by itself, no action is needed. If not, go see a dentist. It is very difficult to suture a tongue and it is NOT commonly done. The only concern that I have is that you are a diabetic. Your healing is slower and more difficult and you have to be careful. I do not know if your diabetes is controlled. In addition, you should not be in pain brushing your teeth. If you are, you must go see a dentist and check out your periodontal condition. Rinsing, as I explained before, is NOT a prime hygiene activity. It is just an adjunct. You can do with, or without. BRUSHING and FLOSSING is the ONLY method to control the bacteria and their deposits and actions in our mouths.  Cold/congestion is considered as a "Stress" situation to our body. Therefore, usually, our body acts by raising blood sugar as it needs to provide energy to fight infection. In non-diabetic persons, this situation is handled well, but in diabetics that would be associated with increased sugar levels. Hope your daughter would have a rapid recovery.  Do not worry, just do as your doctors has asked to because they know better the situation and know what problems could face your husband during this period.  Such oscillations in blood sugar (especially hypoglycemia) can be associated with your problems. You should seek medical help immediately to adjust the dose of drugs you are taking and make some other changes.   <!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <w:WordDocument> <w:Zoom>0</w:Zoom> <w:DisplayHorizontalDrawingGridEvery>0</w:DisplayHorizontalDrawingGridEvery> <w:DisplayVerticalDrawingGridEvery>0</w:DisplayVerticalDrawingGridEvery> <w:UseMarginsForDrawingGridOrigin></w:UseMarginsForDrawingGridOrigin> </w:WordDocument> </xml><![endif]--> <!--StartFragment--> I have a very similar problem. It seems to be a side effect of taking insulin. It starts with a tightness and pain in the back of my neck and then progresses into a headache. It becomes nearly unbearable. I have stopped taking the Novolog and within 24 hours or so, it goes away. I also get extreme weakness, shakiness and extreme pain in my spine. This is not a listed side effect. My doctors have not heard of this side effect nor do they know what could be causing it. The only thing I have found is that people with MS and Type 1 (I have not been diagnosed with MS and I have Type 2) sometimes get neck pain but it did not explain why. Im not sure my doctors actually believe this is happening. I also had the same experience when taking Humolog, Lantus and Levemir. By the way, the Lantus and Levemir increased my blood sugar levels. I have sensitivity to many medications and often get the opposite effects from what is expected. I cannot function from these side effects and I am concerned about not taking the medication. I also experience nausea. Has your mother experienced anything like this? <!--EndFragment-->  Because your bodies at rest during the digestion process and it makes you sleepy  I am a 77 year old type 2 diabetic. I was diagnosed at age 45. I have maintained good control by following these simple rules. No. 1 Eat 4 or 5 small meals or snacks a day - including a small portion of carbohydrate and protein in each meal or snack. No. 2 Keep careful count of the number of carbohydrates you consume during the day and stay within the limit your dietitian has recommended for you. If you have not attended classes with a dietititian ask your doctor where you can go to attend them. 3. Test you blood sugar regularly as directed by your doctor. 4. Consult with your doctor if you are having any problems. Lastly, relax. I am not a professional nutritionist, just an old lady who has lived with this beast for 37 years. Good luck and take care.  canola  I am not sure what this is but it sounds serious. It appears that you have taken your son to the doctor already to get some answers and that they have ruled out several things. Talk to your doctor again as you need to get to the bottom of his health problems. If you feel your doctor isn't taking this seriously you could try another one. Ask for a recommendation from family and friends, and make sure you have copies of his records and test results. Trust your instincts. If you feel something is wrong then find someone who is willing to help.  Vertigo maybe mine is usually caused by wax pressing on my ear drum except the 1st time which was from a middle ear infection.  Diabetes is a disorder of a persons metabolism. As such, it can cause problems with glucose and insulin levels. Glucose is the fuel for energy the body creates from food, and diabetics must monitor their glucose levels in order to manage their condition. There are three different types of diabetes, type 1, type 2 and gestational, all of which can be controlled through close monitoring and maintenance. 1.Check your blood sugar levels regularly. 2.Maintain your weight. 3.Eat regularly 4.Exercise regularly 5.Keep your medication on hand. 6.Avoid alcohol.  Actually, 92 is not too high for fasting blood sugar. It actually sounds about right. My doctor told me that if my fasting blood sugar was 100 or more, then it's high. But if it's only 92, then I wouldn't be too worried.  Sounds like you have diabetes. It can cause sweating. Cold skin. And mood swings. Depression. And does run in family. You need to have a blood test. A1c will tell your Dr. if you do have it. And what your sugar has been running for the last 3 month's. If it does come back positive. He will put you on medication. Depending if you have type 1 or type. After your on the meds. or insulin. Your mood swings will calm down. I have diabetes, and have had every thing you have mentioned. The sooner the better. You can control it. But there is no cure.  Yes, I have had diabetes for 12 years. And have taken the same medication.  I have had diabetes for 15 yrs. Normal range is 70 to 115. And people vary. It is also important to know when to take your sugar test. If you take it after a meal it could be as high as 180 or more. But that's normal to. You just ate. Your sugar will go up and down all day. Depending on what you eat. And what activity you are doing or have done. Do a fasting blood sugar test . Try not eating anything after 6 p.m. Like nothing after supper. Then take it first thing in the morning for an accurate reading. If you are between 70 to 115. No problems. There are two types of diabetes also. Typ1 and type 2. If and I say if, you are a diabetic. You are probably type 2. Type 1 requires insulin.  Stage 3 kidney disease is not good. More than likely associated with your diabetes. You are more than likely over weight. Stay on a diabetic diet. See your Dr. so you can keep track of your A1c and Blood pressure. Also blood work for your kidney disease. Urine test etc,etc. Ask your Dr. for a diabetic diet guide. Also there are several on the internet. Even Diabetic Groups who have the same problems you have. And you can share your problems and also get help.  You said that your A1C was 5.9 and that your Dr. was thrilled that it came back as 6.0. I don't know why he was thrilled as that is an increase in your A1C. Loosing 25 lbs. was the best thing to do. Great job. However the fact that your A1C rose to 6.0 is not good. Since it rose up even after loosing that amount of weight. Chances are you are diabetic. And you need to continue to diet and loose more weight. And have another A1C in another 3-4 months. And yes you should fast at least 8 hours before having your test. I have been a diabetic for 15 years. And have done my research on it.  Strokes and blindness are side effects of diabetes. Most diabetics biggest concerns are with the heart,kidneys,and the eyes,and nerves .(Diabetes Neuropathy). If you are not diabetic now. Or to be sure I would see a Dr. and have blood test. And tell him your family past history. He would probable order a A1c blood test. That will tell him and or you if you are a diabetic. If you are obese, you may have to start a diet to keep from getting diabetes.  Sounds like you are having a gout attack. Can be very painful. And you may even find it red, or a rd strip along or on the toe.  There is no way of knowing without knowing what is in the product. Some are Diabetic friendly, and some are not. I have been a diabetic for 15 yrs. And one of the first thing you learn to do is read labels. Protein is good for us. However there may be hidden sugars in it to make it taste better. Like Fructose, and many more. Watch out for what you use to sweeten drinks and food. Pink,yellow,white, etc. packages. All have something different in them. Stick to things like Stevia.  If your A1c test was normal, and you are sure your not diabetic. I would see another Dr. and get a second opinion. I would find it unusual to subscribe Metformin 500mg. Without a blood test. ( A1c). That test gives the Dr. the information on what your sugar has been running for the last 3 months. With that said no there should not be any side effects.  NO, like myself having diabetes is a life long disease. And sticking to a diabetic diet is very important. That is if you want to keep your sight,limbs,etc,etc. And juggling your insulin dosages for your own pleasures is very dangerous. It is a nasty disease with no cure. Keep track of your A1c blood test to let you know how you are doing. 7 or under is considered in a good range. If you are overweight, loosing just 10 lbs. can help you drop your A1c.  I came across some info online awhile ago about exercise, diet and healthy living. I remember that the woman in the video said, "Sugar is your enemy". In my own experience, (I have fibro.) sugar is definitely my enemy. I crave it daily but I really try to avoid it because it simply increases my pain when I have it. It's not worth it! Fizzy drinks are full of sugar and other chemicals that are damaging to your system. They contain caffeine as well and drinking that much per day can cause issues such as irregular or rapid heart rate and keep you "wired" and up at night. While initially, you feel like you are energized, you will certainly have that sluggish feeling as the day goes on. I would suggest you try to "wean yourself" off them slowly and I guarantee you will feel better, have more energy and probably lose weight too. Try replacing the drinks with water and increase your intake of vegetables and fresh fruit. An overall diet restructure will help you so much. Good luck!  Your mother should go to a dietician for the diabetes food guidelines. you can google potassium rich foods and avoid them. diabetes is complicated, you could attend the dietician meeting so you can help her....good luck.  There is at least one clinical trial that showed L-Arginine to be an effective ED treatment. The studied dose was 5,000 mg/day for 6 weeks. About two-thirds of the patients showed improvement. You might want to try that before an implant.  since he is a diabetic you need to have him see a doctor right away  im 45 years old and i'm diabetes patient.i cannot make love due to my penis not strong.what can i do and how to overcome thisproblem  View this product http://f6a25ajbm7fo1z3hbiz-ol4we2.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=DIABETES  This happened to me a few years ago. I was so scared that I was at the eye doctor's office when it opened . They worked me in and dr. gave some fancy name for it and said nothing to worry about. It never happened again. It was worth the trip just to be re-assured!  Not all methods for measuring HbA1C are totally specific -one of the usual substances incriminated is Hb F or Foetal Haemoglobin, which only should usually be present in small amounts in adult blood , however some people do carry larger amounts which can interfere with the assay.  No  No , but any high sugar diet will bind with adult haemoglobin irreversibly for the life of the red blood cells affected ( around 130 days) which is the whole point of taken a larger time window of your Glucose control rather than just the few seconds that a random Blood Glucose would afford  No no diabetics in family  My husband also has ED so we can try and help eachother he is trying viagra for now see if that helps.  could lead to serios cmplications  I read that some people could get it from physical activity and a thick uterus lining (http://answers.webmd.com/answers/1197989/i-have-always-had-regular-periods?guid=1).  it could be from your socks or shoes try getting diabetic socks or shoes or just the regular shoes that are wide with i mean i am not a doctor but i have heard if other people doing that  No that I know of. I had that issue a number of years ago and based on the recommendations of my personal doc and the speciaist she referred, I had the procedure that removed it and cleared my sinuses unbelievably well.  No. Type I diabetes i gentic.  never go barefoot, check your feet everyday to make sure you have no sores on them,if you find any contact your doctor  80 to 120 normal.  yes  yes  sweating iching  L-arginine is an amino acid that can come in supplement form that helps increase the nitric oxide levels which opens your veins and capillaries and has been proven to help with erectile dysfunction if taking 5 grams daily. Hope this helps  I would question the diagnosis and ask for a repeat. However, it does appear that you are pre diabetic. If you had a higher A1c, there would not be any question but in your position, I would ask for a repeat or a glucose tolerance test.  All the previous information is correct and accurate for the time frame it was reported in but now a lab draw A1c is accepted for diagnosis. 6.5 or above. the thing to keep in mind is that certain other conditions or medications can affect all these tests. We also look at symptoms.  there is no such thing as 1.5 diabetes  this is very common with this kind of Diabetes.   what the number can i get coma orkill me level of diabete number ?  I am 53 and have type 2 diabetes and my A!C was 8.8 and my doctor was trying to put me on insulin and said that my diabetes was out of control so I'm not positive but a 14 must be pretty bad, hope this info helps you.  I found out on my own. It was approved by the FDA in 1985.  No  go to walmart, get the "LAVA" brand soap for a dollar. It has pumice particles in it. Pumice is the stones that people rub on their feet to take off dead skin cells and such. I accidentally tye-dyed my feet yesterday and the lava soap got it right out of my skin  rubber glove put pure alvera from plant on it about 3days it will be over.  Ask your doctor, could be some symptom of something. But maybe try drinking more water but regardless of that talk to your doctor.  i have heard that chronic migraines are terrible with diabetes  i have heard of people with type 2 diabetes that had lots of hairloss but it grew bacjk  80 to 100  organic coconut oil or a cocobutter stick and a bandaide, clean with peroxide first :)  okra is healthy but i have tested out drinking a tablspoon of organic coconut vinegar and it greatly decreased blood sugar levels where i was getting severe lows from it. i havent explored in daily trials yet.  maybe  Your friend requires consultation with a nutritionist. The kidneys and pancreas are directly related to metabolism, utilization and excretion of food/nutrient. Only a nutritionist can map out what your friend needs (which is a very individualized per person). It can be harmful to your friend's health if she or he gets too much or too little of particular nutrients. Linda  The best is to avoid food with high sugars and carbohydrates such as sodas and portato chips and rice.  Have you checked your blood sugars at the time you feel shakey, sweaty etc. A normal person blood sugars levels is between 60-99 before eating according to my doctor. Also what are your levels 1-2 hours after you eat?  it really depends on your body type and what you do for exersise really. it can play a big part in it. i would need to know what you do whe you work out how often you run how many times a day you eat etc  yes  extreme thirst..dark urine are symtpoms of diabetes...also blurred vision..my husband always had 20/20 vision and he started having trouble seeing road signs...and was always thirsty and could never quench it...finally he checked his sugar with my father's meter and it just came up "high" was over 800 when he went to hospital  I don't know if it is related to diabetes but you can see your doctor for an oral medication like Diflucan (generic- Fluconazole). The only time I get a yeast infection is when I have to take an antibiotic. The doctor just prescribes this oral med to me along with the antibiotic. This is the only thing that works for me. Hope this helps :)  When I got blood clots in my leg I had muscle pains in the back that were very intense but no pain in my shins. I'd get it checked out for sure though.  could a red blister type spot on toe have anything to do with diaetes  You really need to be tested. You can try something like pepcid ad or omeprazole. take it about 1 hour before you eat. This helped for me.  Chronic Fatigue along with diabetes and depression can play a big role in your problems. Also the medications that you maybe on could also be a factor. I've got IBSD, CFS, FIBROMYALGIA, HERNIATED DISC, GERD, DDEPRESSION, SLEEP APNEA, VITAMIN DEFICIENCIES 2ND TO IBSD, and many other health problems. I have periods where I can sleep anywhere from 48-72 hrs straight. I used to take Provigil when I worked graveyards. When I've spoke to my doctor about this he looks at me as if I'm either crazy or lying. Have you tried any meds for this?  try resveratrol supplements in case of diabetes, it is worth, buy and check reviews of resveratrol at  Yes, go to the doctor. A UTI is an infection and can spread to other parts of the body. If this happens it can take longer and be harder to treat.  Diabetes is not contagious, therefore the fact of your husband having diabetes will have nothing to do with you having gestational diabetes. If you have gestational diabetes, it will be because of your body and the way it works, not his.  You could since it has a lot of nutrients, but you still have to count the carbohydrates and sugars into your meal plan. You may find there are too many carbs and sugars for the drink to be worth it. Since they are expensive you may want to see if the nutrition facts are online before buying.  The only way you 'gave' your daughter type 1 diabetes is through genitics. Type 1 is caused by a person's pancreas not producing enough insulin. Certain genetics cause a person's body to stop producing insulin.  Diabetics heal slower than someone without diabetes. It is one of the symptoms of the disease. Getting a tattoo is like getting one big wound. Since it takes longer to heal there is also a much higher chance for the wound to get infected. Diabetics also take longer to get rid of infections.  The only issue I have come upon is in the following from the Red Cross site, redcrossblood.org.  . The first step toward weaning oneself off type 2 diabetic (and almost all medication) is to change the lifestyle that got you to your state of poor health. Diet is #1 in my book followed closely by exercise. One can diet all they want and achieve good results but unless you are willing to commit to a change in your lifestyle of eating and or exercise you are wasting your time! You stop eating right, you stop exercising right and soon you will be back to where you started, sick! 18 yrs ago I was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. For 16 of those years I took pills, dieted, I exercised but never could get this monkey off my back. In fact at one point I gave up and said ok , like the doc said, you have genetically caused diabetes so learn to live with it! I ballooned to 240 lbs, suffered with high blood pressure, hi triglycerides, and taking the max dosage of Lantus and the Max dose of metformin. I used the gym on a regular basis but never could get my A1C even to 7.0!! Then I discovered a lifestyle of eating that turned all that around. I am at 155lbs now and off all meds and will never go back to eating what people increasingly realizing is the cause of all our health problems, The Sad American Diet! Full of additives, fructose syrups, sugars, processed grains, processed meats. . Once we started to cook with and use unprocessed foods, cut out all the Fast foods, junk foods like ice cream, all processed grains, all fat cuts of meat and ate mostly fresh or fresh cooked veggies and fresh or fresh cooked fruits, lots of nuts and seeds (like sunflower).. My A1c was 6.1 my TOTASL cholesterol was 144 and my B/P 105/65 with a perfect full blood profile in December! Step 1 is to make up your mind to take control of your eating and get the unhealthy state of your body turned around. Step 2 is, make sure you get plenty of exercise, get off your duff and walk, run, join the gym (and go there). If you are handicapped see your doctor about getting help! Step 3. (and most important) permanently change your lifestyle of eating. Most diabetics can decrease their meds simply by eating the right foods. Eventually if you stay on your new lifestyle your insulin resistance WILL start decreasing and with this you can wean yourself off all med!!! Blood pressure, cholesterol, diabetic, etc. Step4. Vow NEVER to go back to the lifestyle that got you to type 2 diabetes, clogged arteries, whatever your health situation was! My recommendation for a lifestyle change is the route I took to heart that really made a difference in my health! They call it the PH diet (you will learn if you read most any of the many books on this they will call it a lifestyle because diets do not work!!!! Remember, you did something wrong to get you where you are, change it and dont do it again, EVER!!!  PS: I am now off all meds for any health problem!!!   First off let me tell you my opinion which is a growing consensus among many doctors and diabetics. DIETS DO NOT WORK. They may help you in the short haul but in order to really make progress it takes a complete change in ones lifestyle of eating to have any long term benefits. Over weight? Living a sedentary lifestyle, high cholesterol, high A1C? Stop and think, "What got me to where I am". It always ends up being how you eat everyday foods and or sedentary. Here in America we have what is called the S.A.D (Sat American Diet) in which we eat lots of processed or pre-prepared meals laden with salts,sugars, High fructose corn syrup, Processed meats like lunch meats, ham, bacon, hot dogs etc. and processed grains in biscuits, breads, pasta, etc. Every one of these foods causes our bodies to "revolt" against their acidic causing processes within our body resulting in obesity, mineral and vit shortages (like calcium and magnessium) and many other health problems If, and only if you change your lifestyle of eating for the rest of your life will you see any long term benefits to what people call Diets! You stop dieting, you go back to being heavy, sick, and even diabetic. You must change your lifestyle of eating. You cannot do the same things that got you to where you are with your health and expect lasting results. Proof of this comes from people having bariatric and lap band surgery. They lose weight and their diabetes goes into remission, but, if they return to their old eating ways the weight and diabetes will come back. I was a diebetic for 15 yrd taking the max dose of Lantus plus metformin and B/P pills, Cholesterol plls and an A1C of 7.2. I changed my lifestyle of eating to what is called the alkaline lifestyle and am now off all pills or meds for any health problems. No insulin, no pills of any kind and an A1C of 6.1' I will never go back to eating the S.A.D again   If your low income your doctor can prescribe a meter and strips for you. This should be paid for if you are of S/S age and if you qualify, your state aid will help you if not pay for these meters. Some meter MFG give huge discounts to those who truly cannot afford the meter or strips.<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p> I cannot believe your doctor would not make sure you have a meter as taking any Diabetes drug without checking your blood sugars is just asking for troubles. To low can put you in a diabetic coma and to high will cause complications in other health issues such as eyes, feet, heart, kidneys!<o:p></o:p> Be sure your doctor is aware of the vitamin and mineral depletion cause by taking Metformin! You should think about taking vitamin B12 and D3 at least as these are depleted after taking metformin for a while. <o:p></o:p> I would get a second opinion if your doctor does not think the meter is necessary. AND, a new doctor if he is not aware of the deficiencies caused by using metformin and does not check these stats for you.<o:p></o:p>  i think you really ought to get counciling for your diabetes. This obvious that you have no clue what is causing your diabetes. Your lifestyle of eating is all wrong or you would not be craving the very thing that is making you sick.  Yes, diabetes can, as this Dr. states be put in remission. It takes a lifestyle change in diet and/or exercise and a can do attitude though. 1 1/2 yrs ago I was on rhe max doseage of Lantus and the max dose of Metformin and still had an A1c of 7+. I exercised regularly and thought I was eating the right foods but it took a 100% commitment and a change in my LIFESTYLE of eating. I started using the PH diet or lifestyle and now am off all my diabetic meds. BUT, I have to keep eating this way or it does start to creap back. My last A1c was 6.1. Whatever method that you find, you will have to continue this lifestyle the rest of your life and not go back to the lifestyle that promoted your diabetes in the first place.  I am a type 2diabetic and eat oats every morning. one of the first things i was taught was to add a good fat or protein to a carb breakfast. I eat 1/3rd cup of steel cut organic oats cooked in water, 6 oz. of almond milk, 1tsp cinnimon and 1 tbs. of almond butter. I also eat one cup of fruit but eat the fruit 1hr prior to the oats. This wait time allows the fruit to digest before the oats start to digest. I have been taught also to NOT eat a startch or grain carb together with a fruit as the stomach treats this combination by frementation during digestion. My blood sugars are norml eating this way. total carbs for this meal is around 66grams which is high but eating this way negates the high blood sugars!  I am a type 2 diabetic myself and love oats. however, the doctor is right about highly processed cereals. Their are far better grains to eat. If you like oatmeal try cooking steel cut oats. They are almost totally unprocessed and the GI is lower  stinging pain in my right big toe only,that comes and goes.What is this?  yes    I'm diabetic, 70 and, luckily, haven't had an issue like this. My cuts and bruises take a good while to heal but they do. My mother had problems with minor sores that refused to heal....very similar to your's. If possible, check with a diabetic wound specialist. Often your m.d. doesn't know how to address these things. Her real problem was on her foot, your's is the knee....both areas are constant point of abrasion/inflammation. this seems to be a real problem for us.... scraps on my hands are always annoying.  I'm diabetic, 70ish and am aware of diabetes on both sides of my families for 4 generations or more. You probably will contract it at some point in your life but you do have a good chance to minimize it's severity with diet and habits started now. The less severe your parents' diabetes, the better your chances...as advised, don't worry yourself into it....decide now not to get it. Just remember to be sensible about your sweets (don't need to stop, just don't eat a dozen donuts a day), balance your carbs., vegs and meats and get as much exercise as possible . The more refined or processed a food product is, the worse it is for you in the long run. In other words, stay away from things like minute rice, instant oatmeal, instant potatoes, frozen french fries and excessive pasta meals. If you don't know how, learn to cook....from scratch. My grandparents lived with diabetes into their 80' and 90's, but they lived on farms & worked them, were lumberjacks, blacksmiths and sailors. My mother, however, lived the sedentary life of a naval officer's wife in the 40's, 50's etc.and she paid for it. I caught on at 35 when she stated taking insulin. you may not beat genetics but you can give them a run for their money !  In spite of what you might hear, ED caused solely by diabetic medications. I'm not an m.d. but have had diabetes 2 for decades and deal with ED. I can assure you that the ED came before the meds although I won't say they may not contribute. One of the more common causes of ED is a lack of blood flow which is very symptomatic of diabetes. It damages your entire circulatory system but it seems to have an affinity for the extremities and shows up there first, usually. If I'm understanding your question correctly, the problem isn't nerve damage but vascular blockage and may be cured by removing the blockage. this might be pretty simple and possibly an outpatient procedure. Best to check this with his doctor and keep him on those meds until told otherwise by his doctor.  I have Peripheral Artery Disease. I got it in my late 40s due to blood coagulation problem. I also had very high cholesterol (over 300+ my entire life). I had difficulty walking by age 50. I put myself on high dose nattokinase and serrapeptase and the symptoms disappeared within 6 weeks. You will know it is working within 1 month. I eat as much cholesterol as I want. I have been on this over 6 years. I am on maintenance dose. Just experiment with dosage over time to get the minimum dose and cost. Please be aware that conventional medicine perpetuates lies about cholesterol. Just take the time to look at the studies. If the arteries are clean enough, you won't have heart disease. Ignore the cholesterol propaganda. They have Nattokinase made from bacteria and fungus, with and without vitamin K. Both work but I prefer the Nattokinase with Vitamin K. Without vitamin K is for people on prescriptions drugs. I take Best Nattokinase and Serrapeptase. I buy from Swanson vitamin because they are cheap. iI'm amazed they don't have Heart disease category for this. Chinese have done thousands of studies on effectiveness of fibrolytic enzymes for heart attack and stroke prevention.  better go for a glucose tolerent test(GTT)  I had the one hour and failed... but passed the three hour test. Try not to worry. The important thing to remember is that if you have gestational diabetesnit does not mean that you will always have diabetes.  hi, ya it happens some time. i have the same issue some day...i am 27years old...dont worry...its not big issue...try to control his sugar level  The body absorbs sugar quickly. That's why people can get a "sugar high" and then crash. You probably just absorb it more quickly than others. Instead of trying to get your body to accept sugar, why don't you eat more foods that are more likely to give you energy, like nuts?  This will take some time.Start with eating bland foods and work up  yes you need to have it surgically removed. if it is done properly and packed from the inside to heal you have much less a chance for it to come back. i had a pylonital cyst that was the size of a baseball that was draining i had it lanced and drained and wicks put in but it did not go away until i had it surgically removed. being diabetic the infection feeds off your diabeties, causing high sugars which will cause the infection to get worse too! and yes because of your diabeties you can loose your arm or worse if you do not get it taken care of properly  blood sugar variation has to be carefully monitored.hence the regular check  aerated drinks increase the blood sugar levels. besides,most of the aerated drinks,including soda,contains sugar.these should be avoided.  my husband and our dog have diabetes and it depends on how bad diabetes is weight and control of diabetes and all. If ur not getting consistent reading the dogs diabetes in not controlled it will be high and then low and in between its a nightmare thank god i was a nurse til i got sick myself but its alot to handle. get dog to vet r call them  nerve damage or neorapthy but sounds like nerve damage for sure have u been n any accidents or anything at home or work  my husband is diabetic and says his does same thing when sugars r low and high  you probably are sick ask your dr. as you arn't going to get a answere here. i have tried ten times and no luck  I have charlie horse in my toes and my calves, mostly at night, what is the cause and what is the treatment, thank you so much  As you may know by now that with Diabetes you run the risk of tissue damage, whether it be the heart or further out in the limbs; fingers, toes ect., you are at greater risk for this due to the Apneas because of what it does to your body. Even though I have been using my CPAP since 2009 I still am sleepy all the time. That is because I have Narcolepsy with Cataplexy. I still use my CPAP because of the benefits that it provides for my heart and lungs as well as the circulation throughout the body. So by learning to cope with this treatment just remember everything you do does have an effect on your health.  Hi! I had the Ablation done in april of 2007. When they have you on the operating table after the ablation proceedure is complete they try to put your heart in the same circumstances that was causeing the AFib. mainly to see if they were sucessful in the proceedure. I was told that since I am so young having this problem that there was a good chance that it may start up again. I would play it safe unless your heart surgen says different. It is always best to give ear to the one who did the surgery. as he would know best for you. It's been 5 years and I am back on a heart monitor for the AFib. Starting to have problems all over again. But that is my case wich you have to concider that we are all different. So Check with your surgeon and see what he thinks would be a reasonable time span for healing.   Hot flashes? I, a 48 year-old man, get them. I don't know if mine are caused by all of the bipolar meds that I take.  "Terminal" is a harsh word. Plenty of people live full and healthy lives with Type 1. Myself included. Full causes of the disease are unknown. Don't beat yourself up over someone's accusations. Just make sure healthy choices are available as often as possible now and sugars and carbs are eaten in moderation.  It's related. Frequent high blood sugars feed yeast.  Hi,yes when sugar levels are normal and you eat you must take insulin so that is will balance with your meal.if not you will end up with a high sugar level.remember taking insulin is what your pancreas will do if u were not diabetic. if you are having a low get your sugar level up first by sucking glucose sweets followed by a protein sandwich eg peanut or cheese.you can take a small amount of insulin to combat a high.picture a see saw you must balance insulin with food and exercise.God bless and good luck.  NO  Sudden weight loss,constant thirst,and slow to heal sores are all symptoms of diabetes.  yes wether he is diabetic or not kind of sounds like v.g.e  24 hours is going to be ready the result  Yes you can take the fly vaccine for diabetics its not strange  The blood sugar levels are set according to individual health conditions. Therefore, you should record your blood sugar and show to your doctor in order to set together your target blood glucose.  Yes, I take that same meds. It help a little but it takes a while to take effect. Trying find something on journal or atrical for this condotion and is it related to chrinic Fatigue Syndrome?  Is it actually white? Or cloudy? Cloudy urine can be caused by dehydration and diabetes, although there can be many other causes. Drinking water usually clears it up. As for foaming, that can be caused by urinating rapidly or just having a lot of protein being filtered out by the kidneys. Most people think of the kidneys as just filtering waste from the body, but they also serve as a regulator for levels in the body such as glucose, blood pressure, protein, and many other things.  Diabetes can affect ALL bodily organs if you let it get out of control. As for deli meats, if it is processed then it has cholesterol, carbs, and sugars that a diabetic does not need. That means that you should only eat it in moderation. Oatmeal is good for diabetics if it contains whole grains, which under new studies have shown to help regulate insulin and insulin control.  I do not need Echocardiogram!  I don't have any problem with my stumic.  I have no problem my stomic.  It sound like kidney damage.  since she is diabetic you have to rule out hypoglycemic headace get a GRBS tested if GRBS is less than 60 mg ask her to take some sugar or candy., treatment for gastritis can also be given. A neck xray can rule out cervical spondilitis  289 in am.  no  yes I have type 2 diabetes and it is healthy for you  Diabetes is the high presence of blood sugar in the human body. The things rich in sugar must be avoided.  Could be a medicine reaction, or poor circulation. I've had this problem for years. I've met young and old alike with this problem. The metformin could be the source, along with any sleep or anxiety medications taken on the same day. There also seems to be a link to the weight loss associated with diabetes and loss of muscle.  my hubby same way .he is currently in rehab.learning how to walk again.he had a stroke.he has been in rest home for a month now and can't come till he walks with walker.our house is not adaptable to wheel chair.  Type 1 diabetes is usually diagnosed in children and young adults, and was previously known as juvenile diabetes. In type 1 diabetes, the body does not produce insulin. Insulin is a hormone that is needed to convert sugar, starches and other food into energy needed for daily life. Only 5% of people with diabetes have this form of the disease. With the help of insulin therapy and other treatments, even young children with type 1 diabetes can learn to manage their condition and live long, healthy, happy lives. If you have or know a child who was recently diagnosed with type 1 diabetes, you may also be interested in our book  yes  