your stomach continues to produce gas and mucus and digestive juices  might want to get a colonoscopy to check for obstruction may want to try magnesium citrate available at drug stores  Is there a specific reason you want to do a "fasting diet"?  Thyroid problems    Caffeine can increase your blood pressure and heart rate a little, just as Concerta and all of the other stimulant medications can. Although there is the risk that the combination can lead to significant and undesirable increases in your BP or HR, this is not a common occurrence and I do not believe most...doctors recommend stopping consumption of all caffeinated beverages for patients on stimulants. ...  Diets are generally not effective -- especially for school-age children or teens. Sugar and food coloring are not the cause of ADHD, nor are food allergies in general. (Food coloring can have a small, barely measurable effect, but this is not the cause of your child's ADHD.) That said, there are a few "nutriceuticals" that may improve ADHD. Studies are limited; the amount of benefit is likely to be less than medication, and they may not benefit all kids with ADHD.  The only way to lose weight is to take in fewer calories than you burn. A vegetarian diet doesnt necessarily mean you will lose weight. A lot of very fattening foods are vegetarian such as desserts, French fries, candy, and snack bars. Usually deciding to be a vegetarian is more about a philosophy than losing weight. The basics of achieving and maintaining a healthy weight are the same for vegetarians and nonvegetarians; you need to count your calories and exercise. Lean meats are healthier and lower in calories than meats that are fatty. Talk to the butcher in your grocery store about which are the leaner meats. Beef that is labeled prime, choice, or select is usually lower in fat. Leaner cuts of beef include tenderloin, round, and sirloin. Ground beef for hamburgers will have the percentage of lean meat on the label so choose those with 90% or higher lean meat. For chicken, buy the white meat from the breast and take off the skin. Fish is another great alternative to lean meats to get high quality protein. Cod, flounder, haddock, salmon, tilapia, trout, and tuna are excellent choices. Seafood is another alternative and includes shrimp, scallops, lobster, and crab. The best diet is one that you can stick with. Limiting your food choices isnt necessary to lose weight. Take the good from each diet plan. Try to include dried beans used in vegetarian diets into several meals per week. They are a great source of protein and are loaded with fiber. Put yourself on an exercise plan to help with weight loss. Remember that losing weight slowly is healthier. Learning to eat healthy is a lifestyle change and it doesnt happen overnight.  The simple answer to this question is that at this time, short of surgically removing the esophagus, there is no guaranteed treatment to prevent esophageal cancer in Barretts esophagus. But we do have treatments that are helpful and the risk of developing cancer is very low. Barretts esophagus occurs when a different cell type replaces the normal cells lining the lower esophagus. Usually this is caused by stomach acid backing up into the esophagus, gastroesphageal reflux disease (GERD). Twenty percent or more of adults have chronic GERD and of these 10% to 15% will have Barrett's esophagus. If you have GERD, it's important to know if you also have Barrett's esophagus. That's because Barrett's esophagus can later turn into pre-cancer or cancer of the esophagus. Adults with chronic severe reflux have over a 50% chance of having Barrett's esophagus. The good news; however, is that recent studies show that the risk of developing cancer from Barretts is low. Every year, only 0.12 % of the patients with Barretts or about one in 860 people develop esophageal cancer. Barretts is diagnosed by an upper endoscopy. During an upper endoscopy, a doctor puts a tube into your mouth and down into your esophagus and takes samples. An endoscopy is recommended for patients with Barretts and no dysplasia every 3 to 5 years. The majority of patients with Barretts have no evidence of dysplasia. This means that although the cells lining the esophagus have changed to a different cell type, they are still healthy. A small proportion of people will have dysplasia or cancer. For the majority of patients with Barretts and no evidence of dysplasia, the recommended treatment is the use of proton pump inhibitors, PPIs. Some examples of these drugs are available over the counter, omeprazole (Prilosec), lansoprazole (Prevacid), and pantoprazole (Protonix), but the doses recommended for Barretts are prescription strength and often given twice daily. Treatment does not usually cure Barrett's, but it keeps it from getting worse. PPIs have not been proven to prevent esophageal cancer in Barretts. Other treatments for Barretts include general recommendations for GERD such as: Avoid alcohol, fatty foods, caffeine drinks and other foods or beverages that can make GERD worse. Dont eat a large meal before bed. Raise the head of the bed when you sleep. There are other treatments such as radiofrequency ablation of the esophagus or anti-reflux surgery that have been used in some patients with Barretts and no dysplasia, but this is not generally recommended. Some studies have suggested that aspirin and other similar drugs like ibuprofen (Advil) might reduce the risk of esophageal cancer, but this is not currently recommended. If you have Barretts, talk to your doctor about your symptoms and concerns. Your doctor will be able to help you weigh your risk of developing dysplasia or cancer and help you design the best strategy for your care.  The whole idea of having heart stents done is to allow you to lead a full and active life. It is very common for patients who have had heart surgery to be afraid to engage in normal activities. One excellent way to get back into an exercise program is through cardiac rehabilitation. Cardiac rehab, as it is often called, is a customized program of exercise and education. Many programs involve not only monitored exercise, but also provide nutritional counseling, emotional support, and education about lifestyle changes to reduce your risk of heart problems. If cardiac rehab is not appropriate or possible, then discuss your specific exercise goals with your doctor. Physical activity is so important for your wellbeing. A physical exercise program should incorporate 4 basic types of exercises. The exercises should include: aerobic exercise, muscle strengthening, flexibility, and balance. An adult should spend at least 30 minutes in aerobic exercise on five or more days of the week. But this is a minimum amount and more is definitely better. The good news is that is doesnt have to be done all at once. Three 10 minute walks are just as good as one 30 minutes walk. Depending on your other health issues, you will want to pick an aerobic exercise that doesnt cause problems elsewhere in your body, such as your joints. That is why swimming, bike riding, and walking work better for many adults rather than running. Weight lifting is another important part of an exercise program. Woman especially benefit by weight training in maintaining strong bones. Yoga is a wonderful way to work on flexibility and balance. Yoga not only helps with these elements, it can reduce your stress levels. But research has shown that exercising alone cant wipe out the damage done if you sit all day long. Humans were not designed to be as sedentary as modern life now dictates. It is important to move throughout the day to be really healthy. Obviously diet and weight are also key elements in your recovery from cardiac stent surgery. Consulting with a dietician is very helpful in learning to eat healthy. Keeping a diary of all the foods that you eat for 3 days or more can also be enlightening. Taking off those extra pounds if you are overweight and watching your cholesterol intake needs to be on your program. We know from research studies on obese patients who were at risk for diabetes, that losing 5% to 7% of their total body weight, delayed and possibly prevented diabetes. Diabetes is a major risk factor for heart disease as is high blood pressure and small amounts of weight loss can significantly improve your health. You dont have to look like a model to be healthy. So ask your doctor for specific recommendations to help you on your way to a healthier lifestyle.  There is a definite relationship between rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and type 1 diabetes. Both of these diseases are considered autoimmune disorders where the bodys immune system attacks itself. In the case of RA, the synovial lining of the joints and in type 1 diabetes, the beta cells of the pancreas are attacked. People who have the gene PTPN22 are susceptible to both of these diseases. Both of these diseases result in elevations of inflammation markers such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Drugs such as Enbrel, Humira, and Remicade are FDA approved for the treatment of RA and fight against tumor necrosis factor. Although these drugs are not approved for the treatment of diabetes, they do have an effect on insulin sensitivity and the beta cells of the pancreas, which produce insulin. Therefore it is not surprising that a flare in RA can affect blood glucose levels. So not only is inflammation common to both diseases, but the drugs used to treat RA flares such as the anti-tumor necrosis factor alpha medications or the use of steroids, such as Prednisone, can affect blood glucose levels. You should discuss with your doctor any changes you have made in treating the two diseases. Be sure you keep both your rheumatologist and endocrinologist informed so they can work together to keep your RA and diabetes under control.  Sugar is very tyresome. It is in almost everything we eat. Try to avoid sugar and processed foods for two weeks and you will notice the difference.    Dietary considerations certainly play a role in individuals that experience loose bowels on a frequent basis. But, other physical and emotional disorders could also be causing your symptom. There are a number of the over the counter medications used to treat diarrhea and loose stools. Although I prefer the liquid form, the pink medication indicated in your question is as good as any of the other products on the market. Another popular O.T.C. product is Loperamide HCL, 2 mg Caplets. I recommend the less expensive pharmacy or grocery store versions over the brand name medications. They typically show the words, " Compare to the active ingredients in... (fill in the blank) prominently on the packaging. These over the counter remedies are not intended for long term use to treat chronic episodes of loose bowels or diarrhea. Loose bowels is an important symptom associated with many medical disorders. For loose bowels that do not improve over the course of several days , it is recommended that you consult with a doctor for their evaluation, possible dietary change suggestions, diagnostic testing and/or referral to a gastroenterologist specialist. It is also prudent practice to consume a diet rich in bulk, to drink plenty of water, and to engage in moderate exercise activities in order to maintain optimum colon health.  I have had personal experience in losing weight through following a diet low in carbohydrates and moderate exercise. A low carb diet coupled with water aerobics should tend to lower your blood pressure. A good place to begin your investigation into this mystery might be to first look at what causes most high blood pressure. Those main reasons usually boil down to being overweight and taking in too much sodium . The following questions and your answers may provide some insight into the afternoon high blood pressure readings: Of course it is not a bad idea to visit your family doctor (preferably in the afternoon), have that person take your blood pressure, possibly have blood studies ordered, and discuss your diet concerns. Don't forget to show the doctor your blood pressure diary. I hope that this answer has been helpful and wish you well.  The point may be argued concerning diet soda consumption and throat problems, but what can be agreed upon is that folks really enjoy their soda. Soda represents roughly 25% of all beverages consumed by Americans. Bad teeth, weight gain, bone deterioration, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, diabetes, chronic fatigue syndrome, and other medical conditions have all been associated with the consumption of diet soda . Diet soda is very acidic and may cause throat irritation. One study has even shown a possible relationship between drinking diet soda and developing esophageal cancer. Other reports contest the accuracy of that study result. Due to the popularity of diet soda, the money generated from its sales, and diet soda's possible links to abnormal medical conditions, it is expected that health concerns will debated for some time to come.  I suggest that you discuss your diet objectives with a physician and also your significant other. Your doctor has had positive experience in knowing what diets work and which diets usually do not work. They also will know what is the best diet for you as an individual. Your medical professional is in partnership with you to ensure dietary efficacy and safety. Your significant other in life is also probably your best friend, will be a cheerleader in your corner, and most likely will offer you the motivating support system that is routinely missing with most diets. The diet that boasts the greatest statistical success is probably "Weight Watchers". Counting points is relatively easy, the food is easy to obtain, and online supports are built into the dietary system. Do not skip meals, drink plenty of water, and negotiate rewards for yourself (such as new clothing) upon reaching pivotal goals. If you have a dietary setback, don't let it be your reason to throw in the towel. As the old Chinese Proverb suggests.. "Fall down 7 times; get back up 8 times."  If the quality of your hair has diminished since dieting, this is probably sufficient evidence that your body is experiencing some sort of nutritional deprivation. Although the hair is made up of protein, some high protein diets may be lacking in B vitamins such as B12, Biotin, and Folate. The body and hair growth is also dependent on nutrients like vitamins C and E. I suggest that you see your family doctor and discuss your present diet and your hair changes. Limiting almost all of your Vitamin C intake to one apple per day is probably just one example where your diet may be lacking a key nutrient. The physician may prescribe blood tests to determine possible nutritional deficits and rule out other medical conditions causing hair problems. This person may also make diet recommendations that will continue with positive weight loss results while promoting overall good health.  Liver disease requires extra vigilance in determining the foods and beverages that should be consumed. At first blush, the somewhat restrictive appearing diet may seem to be an unreasonable challenge to follow. In reality, the dietary considerations are based on treating the liver well and may be applied to even healthy individuals. Some foods and beverages to avoid include the following: Caffeinated products, products containing artificial chemicals and dyes, dairy products, animal products ( especially meats), fruit juices, white flour, rich desserts, alcohol, municipally treated tap water, oils that are refined, and processed foods. Some foods and beverages that are acceptable include the following: Beans, sulfur containing products like eggs, vegetables of most types (potatoes in small portions) and especially broccoli and spinach, soy products, whole wheat grains, flaxseed oils, most spices, and many other liver healthy choices. Undertaking major changes in your diet may need to be taken in incremental steps. Additionally, your diet should be approved by your hepatic specialist and nutritional counselor. I recommend that you join a support group to obtain other dietary suggestions. Try not to eat alone, but instead, share your newly acquired good eating practices with friends and family.  Many in the medical and nutrition communities use the Body Mass Index (BMI) to determine appropriate body weight. There are boat loads of web sites where you can determine an appropriate BMI for free. Based upon the age, height, and weight of your son, his BMI is 26.6. The 26.6 BMI places him over the 94th percentile and would indicate that your son is overweight. An ideal weight for your son would be one in which his BMI was in the 85th percentile and below, or about 123 lbs . Should he embark on a program to lose 27 lbs.? Not necessarily. The following factors need to be considered before making any drastic dietary changes: - Body bone structure... Does he have a small, medium, or large bone frame? - As puberty progresses, hormonal changes will affect weight variations. It is likely that your son will thin out naturally over time as he continues to grow. Perhaps he needs to stop gaining weight, gain weight at a slower rate, or lose some of that weight. Therefore, I recommend that you and your son discuss his growth and development issues with a physician before starting on any formal diet plan. The doctor can interrupt your son's height, weight, age, and BMI numbers and develop a healthy treatment plan. Additionally, the doctor is best equipped with the experience and "know how" to best discuss the sensitive issue of being overweight with a teenage boy. I would also suggest that you encourage your son to stay physically active, drink plenty of water, choose healthy food options, and to develop friendships with other teenagers.   I would consider taking both of these drugs together to be contraindicated and potentially dangerous . Trileptal is used to treat seizure disorders. Trileptal in combination with many other medications, and dietary supplements such as diet pills, can render both drugs to become ineffective. It is recommended to talk with your doctor about all of the medicines and over the counter supplements that you are currently taking. Additionally, for whatever my opinion matters, I consider diet supplement pills to be pretty much untested or under tested, ineffective as an aide to lose weight, and in my judgment, a probable dangerous drug and a waste of money.  A fatty liver is reversible. Being overweight is one of the many causes for this condition. Lose some weight and lose some liver fat. Hypothyroidism should not interfere with your losing weight objective. In order to maintain a weight of 200 pounds, you're consuming about 1844 calories per day. To reduce your weight by one (1) pound per week, reduce your daily calories to about 1344. Here is my abbreviated version of a plan that will enable you to eat better and lose some of the excess weight.: - Begin by seeing your family doctor and obtain approval to start a reduced calorie diet . Eliminating 500 calories from your daily diet can be challenging, but will also prove to be rewarding and is achievable. - Search the web for free 1300 daily printable diet plans. Look for one that includes at least seven (7) days of planning covering three (3) meals per day and snacks. Some of these diet plans may even include a printable shopping list and recipes to complete the main courses for each meal. Look for diets that use a safe breakdown of calories (55% carbs -15% Protein- 30% Fats). - Drink at least 64 oz. of water each day. - With your doctor's approval, start a modest exercise program. A brisk walk will burn about 100 calories per mile while gardening will burn an additional 100 calories in 30 minutes. - Take steps to learn dieting do's and do not's... Do not skip meals, but do learn how to substitute one food for another and how to order a meal at the restaurant while not sabotaging your diet. - Keep a diary of foods and beverages consumed along with a record of your weight losses. - Reward yourself for accomplishing diet goal objectives (have your nails manicured and painted ,get a new hair style, or purchase a new handbag). - Consider joining a dieting support group. You'll hear success stories, make new friends, and will learn additional tips to making dieting a positive self-improvement venture. Best wishes for your success.  In order to eliminate products that may be adversely affecting your daughter, she needs to continue with her current daily routine. I recommend that you begin to keep a journal to document all of your daughter's daily activities. Note all meals / snacks / fluids ingested, and all medications taken. Reference the time and date of each activity. Also note other activities of daily living including play-time, computer time, television time, and bathing. List the environmental location where the activity occurred (car, yard, bedroom, school, etc.). Every single product used by your daughter also should be listed (crayons, soaps, bubble bath, detergents, etc.). When your daughter has another allergic reaction, the incident should be annotated completely as to time, place, duration, and describe accurately the observed event. After a short period of time, you should look for obvious patterns associated with the allergic reaction. You may want to take your daughter to see an allergist (bring the journal with you to the appointment) who can also do blood testing that will reveal the offending agent. Your investment of time in documenting your daughter's daily activities should be rewarded by providing you with the correct allergen responsible for the negative reaction.  A phobia may be defined as a persistent, irrational fear of a specific object ,activity, or situation that leads to a compelling desire to avoid it. I don't know how old you are, as some phobias will just disappear over time. Although the fear may seem very irrational to many of us, I'm sure that it is perceived as very real to you. Don't allow well intentioned people to tell you, "just get over it." Additionally, you must move forward to overcome this fear for you and not for other people. Like most phobias, they can be overcome with the therapeutic help of a professional and hard work on your part. The following are some suggestions: have your blood drawn in the company of a loyal friend or family member to receive necessary emotional support, visit with a trained psychologist who will work on you at your own pace with the goal of acclimating you mentally for the procedure. Hypnosis therapy can also be helpful with difficult cases. Investigate some of the clinical laboratories in your area and research for the most competent technician to draw your blood. All labs and their technicians do not possess equal skills. My experience has shown me that the largest and busiest labs usually do the best blood draws. This is because it is all that they do on their job for every day of their working week. They take blood from heavy folks, think folks, the very young, the old, and the very frail and very ill. It stands to reason that they become super-like specialist at their task. Tell the lab about your fears and ask for their recommendations. They may assign you to their best lab worker with the best blood drawing skills and patient demeanor. Sometimes using a blood draw set-up designed for babies and children is also beneficial. These kits have smaller gauge needles and can make the difference between a painful arm stick and a barely feel it stick. Your victory over this fear will most likely be won in small doses of success. Remember, a long voyage begins with the first step.  I suggest that your daily caloric intake should be broken down as follows: Carbs- 55 %, Protein- 15%, and fats 30%. A fiber goal is calculated based upon your gender and age- For example, women between the ages of 19-30 should have daily fiber of 25 gms.This information can easily be found on the web. Next, find an internet calculator ( Try Healthy Calculators). Start by entering a desired and realistic weight. To your desired weight goal, enter your height, age, sex, and daily activity or exercise level (moderate). With those limited facts, the calculator can break-down daily calories necessary to achieve that weight, gain weight, or lose weight (you can determine the weight to be lost each week. I personally recommend 1-2 pounds per week). For example, a 35 year oldwoman that is 66 inches tall and weighs 135 pounds would need to take in daily calories of 2,118 in order to maintain that weight, 1,389 in daily calories to lose 1.5 pounds per week, and 2,639 in daily calories to gain a pound of weight each week. All of the breakouts for proteins, carbs, and fats is immediately calculated. Finally, find an on-line weekly or monthly diet plan that meets with your daily caloric intake goal. There are many healthy and yummy diet plans available on the net ranging from 1,200- 2,000 daily calories that sometimes include snacks, recipes, and shopping lists. Safely losing thoes extra pounds can be achieved by closely following the diet, by doing some modest exercise, talking with your doctor to seek their recommendations, and perhaps teaming-up with a friend or family member to share in your dieting plan. You may also join a diet support group to learn other dieting tricks and to feel the motivating power of people that want to help and see you succeed. Losing 1.5 pounds per week adds up to at least 18 pounds in 12 weeks (3 months). That's a goal worth shooting for. Good luck.  Liver enlargement must be considered as a possible side-effect from the high protein/low carb diet. A high protein/low carb diet has not been proven to cause liver disease . With that said, this type of diet most likely negatively affects the liver's normal operating ability. One of the chief duties of the liver is to metaboize nutrients into energy. Here are some known facts accoring to Livestong.com about this diet as it applies to the liver: I hope that this answer has been helpful.  Losing weight is a challenge. Although it seems that you're doing every right, your body thinks that it's being starved and goes into a metabolic slowdown. I suggest the "Weight Watchers" website as a good place to start your dieting process anew. Their website has meal planning and dieting hints. The cost to join is reasonable and all tasks necessary to be successful can be accomplished on-line. Their foods are available in most larger supermarkets and have literally hundreds of food choices. Weight Watchers has a point system assigned to different foods which makes even dining out in restaurants possible. Books, new and used, are available on- line for Weight Watcher (including books that detail point values for many foods) to ensure that you're following the program correctly. I have no personal interest in Weight Watchers except to share the best dieting information that is available. Of all the major diet plans, Weight Watchers consistently has the highest satisfaction ratings. Even my doctor, whom I have known for 25 years, recommends Weight Watchers to his patients. As far as pills and medications go, most seem to be just fads that ultimately fail the dieting individual. One newer supplement, Garcinia Cambogia, shows some promising results from anecdotal accountings by its users. - Your exercise time seems to acceptable for weight loss and ultimate weight maintenance. I would obtain some information on exercising to lose weight through books and pamphlets available on - line. Even though you're investing what appears to be the correct time to exercising, it is important to do the exercises that will work best for your dieting objectives. Walking is a great way to burn calories. Walking also has the additional benefits of viewing spring flowers, the sky, and the birds. Don't forget to stop and talk with the neighbors. It is therapeutic to forge new friendships that will support your dieting program. - My first step before starting any dieting program would be to receive medical clearance and recommendations from my doctor. - You may also consider joining a support group to bolster your knowledge about dieting and hear success stories from other people just like us that lost weight. It can be done.  Shortness of breath is an early symptom seen in congestive heart failure patients. Swollen ankles and feet is a more serious symptom and may be evidenced by swollen extremities (especially the ankles) and by weight gain. I have known some congestive heart failure victims to gain as much as fifteen pounds in one day. One individual in particular stands out in my mind. She was much younger than 85 years old and took Lasix (diuretic) every day to release excess fluid. When swollen extremities and weight gain of at least seven pounds occurred, Metolazone (known as the turbo pill), was added to the daily regimen for a very short period of time until the acute water build up was under control. Although gaining six pounds of weight in two weeks is not in itself a medical crisis, it is a sign of fluid retention and justifies being assessed in person by a physician. Being 85 years old with overt congestive heart failure symptoms puts this person in a potentially life threatening situation. Despite the upsetting emotions that a trip to the E.R. may evoke in this person, it is better to be safe than sorry. I suggest that you phone her physician first, and then take this person to the hospital for treatment. Best wishes for this lady's speedy recovery.  I take synthroid and it specifically states to take on an empty stomach, at lease 1 hour before breakfast. I am confused with your response about taking with food.  The HCG diet has been used by lots of people as a method of weight loss. It has been reported to have a number of potentially dangerous risks including blood clots. The method involves extreme calorie restriction that lacks over 40 vital nutrients along with the use of a powerful hormone used to treat infertility. Yet science hasn't shown HCG to cause weight loss, the HCG diet uses extreme calorie restriction or 500 calories per day to help you lose weight. This alone would cause weight loss. These extreme calorie restriction diets can be done safely but under the supervision of a medical team since loss of minerals vital to heart function and dehydration can cause potentially life threatening events. Other adverse effects of HCG include decrease sperm production, and increase breast size in men and vaginal bleeding and ovarian cyst in women.  Based on your HgA1c you are at an increased risk for developing diabetes and should be screened regularly. People at an increased risk for diabetes have an increased risk for heart disease as well. Its important to get back to regular exercise that challenges your fitness level. You'll need to get back to the basics and eat right and manage any weight issues you may have. Three tests are used to screen for or diagnose diabetes. One test is the Hga1c & levels above 6.5 % are considered diagnostic of diabetes. A fasting glucose level of greater than 126 or a 2 hour glucose of greater than 200 during an oral glucose tolerance test also confirms this diagnosis. The risk of developing diabetes is continuous, there is no threshold that determines a sudden increased risk from normal. In poeople that have glucose intolerance, the incidence of type 2 diabetes is around 5-10% per year and is higher in hispanics & Native Americans, as well as those people with the highest blood sugar levels. There are environmental and genetic factors that increase your risk of transitioning into overt diabetes... which carries an even higher risk of cardiovascular disease. Some things you can't change but others are within your reach. Environmental risks such as exercise and calorie excess are modifiable. Insulin is not working well in you. Utilized your muscles to activate this hormone and burn the excess calories to reduce your risks of conversion to type 2 diabetes, to gain fitness and reduce your heart disease risks.  With his diet laid out that way it looks to me like he may have a possible yeast infection....from al those starches in his diet..Is the child overweight? And does he not eat meat?  A place to start is 5-2-1-0: 5 servings of fruits and veggies per day (1/2 cup per serving) <2 hrs of screen time >1 hr of moderate or greater exercise ~0 sugary drinks (drink lots of water instead) Other proven tips include eating breakfast, eating more meals cooked at home, getting enough sleep. A visit to your doctor would be important to look for complications and to think about medical causes. A nutritionist is also a great idea to customize a nutrition plan. One other tip, try to incorporate exercise into her favorite activities. If she loves to read, then consider some mini-exercise pedals so she can work out while reading. Or maybe when watching TV have her dance or do jumping jacks during the show.  Possibly cheese. Cheese is very binding. You can take an example by examining your poop visually after having pizza. You can actually see white bindings. This is the undigested cheese.  <?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p sizset="false" sizcache09742095485535529="310.71828182845905 46 27"> </o:p>What else have you tried? How much does she eat in one setting? Does she eat regularly throughout the day example: 3 meals Breakfast, Lunch, dinner with snacks between? I only ask because I have a four year old and three year old and their stomachs do the same thing. They can over eat and give themselves gas if they're not carful. Usually their stomachs return to normal after going to the bathroom and have processed the food. Has she complained about having stomach aches?<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p>  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  Just a normal result of growing up.  Late night snacking is difficult for many people. Before having a snack, I always suggest that you first analyze whether youre actually hungry or just eating out of boredom. Theres nothing wrong with late night eating as long as its a mindful, deliberate snack instead of mindless eating. Try not to eat too much food before you go to bed. Your last full meal of the day should be no less than 2 hours before you go to sleep. Eating too much before going to bed may cause indigestion, acid reflux, or could lead to insomnia and trouble sleeping. Make sure that if you do snack that youre only eating at most between 100 to 300 calories shortly before going to bed. For many people, late night snacks often tend to not be very healthy. Be sure to keep healthy alternatives readily accessible so that you can make the right choices. Check out this article for some great low calorie snack ideas from a dietitian: http://www.webmd.com/diet/features/beyond-snack-packs-22-healthy-bites .  You mention that you have a family history of high cholesterol, so you may just have a genetic predisposition to having high triglycerides and high LDL cholesterol. That doesnt mean, however, that you shouldnt try to do everything that you can through modifiable lifestyle behaviors, such as diet and exercise, to manage your levels. Some suggestions to lower your triglycerides and LDL cholesterol levels would be to:  Do cardiovascular exercise five times per week for thirty minutes or greater  Lose weight if you are overweight or obese according to BMI  Change dietary habits like reducing saturated and trans fat from your diet, cutting out sugar, getting more fiber, getting more omega-3 fatty acids, and drinking less alcohol if you drink  Quit smoking if you smoke I really applaud your efforts to avoid getting on cholesterol lowering medication. Continue to do what you can with diet and exercise, and continue to follow up with your doctor on a regular basis.  You should probably do your own homework. :)  I would suggest that you meet with your doctor or a dietitian for more guidance. They may be able to help you determine if theres something that you could still improve upon or perhaps to do differently to promote better results. Your doctor may also be able to do tests to see if you have any other diseases or conditions that could be interfering with your progress. Also, Id recommend that you dont just judge your progress by weight loss alone. Look for changes in body composition such as a loss of inches, a more toned appearance, or even whether clothes fit differently. Schedule a wellness visit with your doctor that includes blood work and try to understand whats happening with other areas of your health such as cholesterol, blood sugar, or blood pressure. These can also be used as indicators of progress or improvement with the changes that youve made. It can definitely be very discouraging to put so much hard work and effort into something and to not see the results. It might be best to get professional assistance and to look for other indicators of progress besides weight loss. Stay positive and keep up the great work!  There are certainly many different paths that you can take to eat healthy and there is honestly no one right approach. With that said, I personally am weary about any diet that is heavily focused on one central theme or ideology. I dont think that its always good to promote only one certain food or completely omit certain food groups altogether. We know that some foods are generally better than others, but there is still a lot left to learn. Also, a healthy diet should be based on a lifestyle change, not something that you follow short-term just to promote a certain result. A healthy diet is one that you can sustain long-term and that doesnt leave you feeling hungry or feeling deprived; so overly restrictive diets arent the answer either. Lastly, a healthy diet is evidence-based, and not something formulated on personal claims or anecdotes. A diet that promises you everything is probably too good to be true. If youre looking for more specific examples, this site may help: http://www.webmd.com/diet/evaluate-latest-diets .  Dieting typically entails food restriction in both the amount of food as well as the type of food that you consume, both of which could potentially lead to malnourishment if done incorrectly. The good thing is that the types of food that you should be restricting on a healthy diet typically dont offer you much nutritional value anyways, which is why you would want to restrict them in the first place. You shouldnt have to worry about nutritional deficiencies when dieting so long as youre eating a balanced diet with a variety of different foods, and as long as youre not following a very low calorie diet. Be wary, however, of some diet plans that severely restrict certain foods or food groups altogether. Some of these diets may have varying degrees of merit, but its best to consult with a dietitian or doctor before undergoing major dietary changes to help distinguish between helpful and harmful dietary practices.  Gluten is a protein found in wheat and grain products. People on a gluten-free diet often avoid wheat, rye, and barley; though there is also debate on whether to avoid oats as well. A gluten-free diet allows for fresh fruits, vegetables, meat/poultry/fish, and many dairy products. Unprocessed beans and nuts are also acceptable, as well as products made with rice, corn, and soy. If not buying fresh food, its important to always read food labels to look for foods specifically labeled as gluten-free. For example, foods like cereal, bread, and lunch meat may or may not contain gluten, so the only way to know for sure is to check the packaging. The food industry can use gluten in many products that don't seem like they would contain gluten, so it's important to always read the label first. Having a family history of food allergies could mean that your granddaughter may have a genetic predisposition to having food allergies as well. It may be beneficial for her to try an elimination diet to identify any food allergies, sensitivities, or intolerances that she may have. The basic premise of this eating plan is to initially restrict eating to very basic foods and then to gradually reincorporate more foods. The person doing this can then better discern which foods trigger a negative response when added back into their diet. Review this WebMD article for more information on elimination diets and also consult with a doctor or registered dietitian before implementing drastic dietary changes.  There doesnt seem to be any bigger controversy in nutrition than discussing everyones opinion regarding what is the healthiest, most ideal diet. My take on the matter is that there doesnt have to be only one single diet or eating plan that everyone should follow; rather there may be many different paths that you can take to eat healthy and achieve a healthy diet. Choosing the right diet can be difficult. The biggest factor that you have to first consider is whats going to work well for you. Try to figure out what you want to accomplish by changing your diet. Is there a particular benefit or health outcome that youre trying to achieve? Certain diets may be better than others in providing different health outcomes, so you first need to identify what you want to get out of your diet. The next part is to learn to set realistic expectations for yourself. Will a certain diet be too restrictive for you or completely eliminate all the foods that you enjoy? Do you think that youll feel hungry all the time or wont be able to have anything to eat in social situations? You need to contemplate whether the eating plan that youre looking at will actually work well for you. Of course, you may have to make some concessions and compromises with your diet, sure, but you also need to be realistic in whats going to be achievable and manageable for you. A good way to start is to make slow and gradual changes to your eating habits. Pick maybe one aspect of your diet that you would like to improve upon and work on changing that area first. Once youre successful there, begin to make other changes until you finally reach a place where youre comfortable with your diet. This strategy may work well to help ensure that you dont overwhelm yourself by trying to make a drastic change or trying to do too much too soon. Remember, you need to approach this in a manner that you can sustain long term as part of a lifestyle change, not as a short term solution to a problem. With all of that said, to answer your question, the Paleo (caveman) diet has become quite popular. Its a relatively low carbohydrate, high protein diet that emphasizes grass-fed beef, fish, eggs, fresh fruits, and fresh vegetables; while it excludes dairy, grains, and refined/processed foods. See if this diet will work for you and feel free to explore other diets by reviewing Diets A-Z .  Strength training, along with cardiovascular exercise, can boost your metabolism and can help you expend calories to lose weight. Strength training, however, also has the added benefit of helping you to preserve muscle as well. If you lose weight while only doing cardiovascular exercise, some of the weight loss may come from body fat as well as muscle. You want to preserve muscle because it can help to keep your metabolism elevated, since muscle burns calories at a higher rate than fat. Strength training can also help to promote a more toned appearance, which would be another added benefit to you as well. The Surgeon General recommends that you strength train all major muscle groups two or more days per week. Consult your doctor before starting an exercise routine.  The metabolism calculator likely is using the Harris-Benedict equation, which is a method to estimate your basal metabolic rate (BMR) and daily calorie requirements. The variables that this equation takes into consideration are age, height, weight, gender, and activity level. Keep in mind that this is an indirect method of calorie assessment and is only an estimate. There are other equations, but this is typically the equation that most registered dietitians use.  Running is a great way to expend calories and boost your metabolism to promote weight loss. However, I would recommend slowly and gradually building up your exercise routine to jogging. Start out by walking, and then gradually add more days per week or time per session. You can also try walking with intermittent bouts of jogging. Eventually, you can build up to where you are doing mostly jogging instead of walking. From there, you can work on increasing how long you jog or your speed while jogging. A couch to 5K program might provide good direction on how to gradually transition from walking to jogging. Its important to start a routine in this slow and gradual fashion to allow your body time to acclimate and adjust to your exercise routine and to avoid any injury. If you are considerably overweight, it might be best to refrain from jogging altogether until you lose weight. The extra weight can put a high demand on your joints while jogging since it is more of a high impact exercise.  When you look at your dietary intake, be conscious of both quantity and quality of the foods that you eat. My initial thoughts are that your feelings of being uncomfortable and bloated might be because youre eating too fast or too much at one time. The first thing I would suggest that you try is to cut back on how much you eat in one sitting, making sure that you eat your food slowly and chew thoroughly. Try eating a small portion of a meal, waiting 15 minutes, and then consuming more of your meal if youre still hungry. You could also try to eat 5-6 smaller, more frequent meals throughout the entire day as well. Also important to consider is the type of foods that youre eating. You may notice some of these symptoms if youre not eating healthy in general. I would recommend food journaling your dietary intake so that you can begin to notice trends between what youre eating and when you feel this way. Some foods may cause you to feel more bloated and to have more gas naturally, but you may also have a food intolerance, sensitivity, or allergy. You can meet with your doctor to have an allergy test, but those arent always 100% accurate. Registered dietitians will often recommend an elimination diet to help determine if there are certain foods that your body will not tolerate. An elimination diet begins by being very restrictive with your food intake followed by gradually reintroducing more food into your diet. Once you notice symptoms returning, you can begin to better identify which foods are causing the problems you are experiencing. Please meet with your doctor or a registered dietitian for more guidance.  Sometimes the scale doesnt accurately reflect whats really happening with your body. Keep in mind that your weight can fluctuate naturally throughout the course of a day. Consider if youve eaten, used the restroom, or how well hydrated you are; all of which have a physical weight to them that can influence the number on the scale. Seeing a change like loss of inches can be a great indicator of progress. See if you notice a more toned appearance or more muscle definition as well. Also, check to see if your clothes fit differently, such as by dropping pants sizes, having to take a belt in more notches, or shirts being loose or not as tight. These changes in body composition can be viewed as more favorable than actual weight loss recorded on a scale. I wholly encourage you to not just view your progress through solely what the scale shows alone. If you do weigh yourself, however, it may be best to limit yourself to once per week just so that you can notice any weight loss trends, but not enough to where youre obsessing over the numbers. Keep the timing of when you weigh yourself the same to establish consistency, probably first thing in the morning to help take away confounding variables.  I have had neuropathy for 11 years now. I have had six surgeries in left foot to either remove nerves, or cut them. I have also had injections into nerves to permanently kill them. Each time I was told this would help. NOT!! The best thing I have found so far unfortunately is medicine.  When you reduce your calories to lose weight, you run the risk of falling short on key nutrients. That's why choosing nutrient-rich foods is particularly important when you're dieting. Fortunately, some of the foods richest in nutrition -- fruits, vegetables, and whole grains -- also happen to be low in fat and calories. They also tend to be higher in fiber. So they help fill you up even when you're eating less to lose weight. Even on the healthiest diet, however, you may fall short on nutrients over time. The nutrients that are most often in short supply are iron and calcium. But if you're dieting to lose weight over an extended time, you may run a risk of falling short on other nutrients. Taking a multivitamin can help ensure that you meet your basic needs while you try to lose weight. But remember, a pill is no substitute for a healthy, nutrient-rich diet.  Skin is the largest organ in the body; so it's certainly worth taking care of. Not having an adequate diet contributes to your skin's appearance in multiple ways. If we look at the skin's ability to protect itself from ultraviolet light, there are key nutrients involved in that. It's important to have vitamins A and C and D. These actually play a role in protecting skin from ultraviolet light.  "Within the diet itself are generally good diet recommendations," says David W. Grotto, RD, LD, a spokesman for the American Dietetic Association. "D'Adamo doesn't say avoid vegetables and fruit, for example. But his specific recommendations based on blood type -- the science is not there to support it. I'm not aware that anyone has duplicated his research." The presumption that each blood type will thrive on certain foods but not others also gives Grotto pause. "I'm type O and apparently I should be feasting over roadkill. Well, that doesn't work for me because I don't like too much meat." Overall Grotto does not recommend the diet, believing it pigeonholes people into dietary restrictions without taking into consideration individual needs and tastes.  The vegetarian diet is one of the healthiest diets that exist. However, with every diet, you may found some drawbacks. The drawbacks of the vegetarian diet are mostly nutrition based. The stricter the vegetarian diet is the more likely there is to be health risks.  many people want to 			 lose weight.... there are many diet plans available to do this....but before you consider whether to use a diet plan, find out 			 if you really need to lose weight. read here how to lose weight and wht are the best diet plan for u... http://www.webmd.com/diet/tc/obesity-should-i-use-a-diet-plan-to-lose-weight-1-get-the-facts.  The long answer above does not take into account variability in metabolism, activity level, and potential past dieting that could have severely altered your diet from the statistical standards that she cites.  You're at least on the right track in searching for answers. From what you've shared, it sounds as though you're basing your results on generalities more than measurable specifics.  Dietary changes may help improve urinary incontinence, allowing you to regain bladder control. Eliminating alcohol, sweetener substitutes (those containing aspartame), and caffeine-containing foods and drinks may be very helpful. This is especially true for persons who drink large amounts of coffee and/or tea and complain of frequency with urge urinary incontinence. Caffeine is found in milk chocolate, soft drinks, over-the-counter medications, and is used as a flavoring agent in many baked goods and processed foods (although you won't find it listed on the labels.) Even de-caf products contain some caffeine. Products that say caffeine-free do not contain caffeine. Taper your caffeine intake slowly to avoid migraine-type headache.  A good way to increase fiber in the diet is by using a special bran recipe. Mix together: 1 cup applesauce, 1 cup coarse unprocessed wheat bran and  cup prune juice. Refrigerate mixture and take two tablespoons of the mixture every day. Take the mixture in the evening for a morning bowel movement. Increase the bran mixture by two tablespoons each week until bowel movements are regular. Always drink one large glass of water with the mixture.  Well, here's another reason to lose a few. If you are having urinary incontinence problems, you may find that losing some weight will make the problems less severe or they may go away altogether. Many studies have shown a connection between obesity and urinary incontinence in women, especially stress urinary incontinence (you leak when you are coughing, laughing or putting physical "stress" on your bladder). Excess body weight tends to increase bladder pressure (increased weight on the bladder and pelvis) and may also impair blood flow and nerve impulses to the bladder. Studies show a positive correlation between high BMI ... and urinary incontinence, and the correlation is more pronounced in women than in men. Research has also shown that very obese women who undergo extreme weight loss due to gastric surgery see a decrease in their stress urinary incontinence symptoms. In other studies, women who achieved a greater than 5% weight loss following Weight Watchers, experienced a greater than 50% reduction in their urinary incontinence symptoms. That means that if you weigh 200 pounds and lose just 11 of them, you could reduce your incontinence issues by half! Losing weight if you are overweight and maintaining normal weight throughout adulthood may be important approaches to controlling or eliminating urinary incontinence symptoms, especially in women.  Its such a joy that when cold is upon us and we have said good-by to the fruits of summer, we get the tangy, sweet and delicious winter fruits to add to our recipes. The fruits Im going to talk about today can be used in a variety of recipes from drinks to savory dishes, to desserts. I am a huge fan of citrus. I always recommend keeping fresh lemons and limes in your refrigerator to add quick, healthy and instant flavors to soups, salads, proteins and sweets. I love the winter citrus that starts flowing in this season, as well. Satsuma tangerines are one of my favorites. They peel easy and have a great flavor. I keep a bowl on my kitchen counter and we eat them faster than Halloween candy goes around here (its true). They are great tossed in salad "naked"  with nothing added  (Im referring to the canned version that Im sure youve had in Asian chicken salads). Well, you can take it to a whole other healthy level by adding fresh tangerine segments (and avoiding all that syrupy sugar). Simply peel a couple of tangerines and break the pieces into a salad. Now that it's winter and tomatoes are not in season (and therefore not very flavorful), this is a nice change up. Use romaine lettuce, tangerine segments, kalamata olives and a bit of feta cheese. The salty, sweet and tangy combination is fantastic. Another winter citrus that is one of my all-time favorites is the Meyer lemon. The flavor is sweeter than a regular lemon and by adding the juice to your drinking water, it can make getting your eight glasses a day a whole lot easier and enjoyable. The zest of these lemons can be added into pancake or waffle mix, salad dressings, cookies, chicken and fish dishes. The juice of the Meyer lemon can be substituted anywhere you would use a regular lemon. Tangelos are another great citrus that you can use in the same way you would use a mandarin, like a Satsuma. Keep these fruits around for the coming months for vitamin C, for flavor and for overall health.  Feel at least comforted that everybody has stretch marks, so this is a universal problem from women. I have not seen one person ever who doesn't have stretch marks. What causes stretch marks is the rate of gain of weight. It just happens that if you gain weight at a certain rate a little bit faster than your skin can grow, that's when a stretch mark occurs, but you often don't see it till you lose the weight, that's when you start to see it. So trying to control the weight is one way to avoid future stretch marks. Once the stretch mark is there, the sad truth is that there is absolutely no treatment out there that will eliminate it. People have tried a whole bunch of different things, like lasers and retinoids, and the doctor who figures out how to really truly solve the stretch mark will be a very well-loved and very rich doctor, because everybody wants this taken care of. But as of yet, there are some studies ongoing, using lasers to treat stretch marks, but there is nothing that I have seen that I think is effective and worth spending money on to try to treat a stretch mark.  Look for foods that are high in omega-3 fatty acids such as almonds and salmon. Olive oil is also excellent for the skin. There are studies that show that Mediterranean diets and diets high in citrus fruits help keep the skin looking younger and also help against skin cancer. I would also recommend avoiding foods that are highly processed and high in refined sugar -- these are pro-inflammatory for the skin and accelerate the aging process. Avoid excess alcohol which is dehydrating to the skin.  Look for foods that are high in omega-3 fatty acids such as almonds and salmon. Olive oil is also excellent for the skin. There are studies that show that Mediterranean diets and diets high in citrus fruits help keep the skin looking younger and also help against skin cancer. I would also recommend avoiding foods that are highly processed and high in refined sugar -- these are pro-inflammatory for the skin and accelerate the aging process. Avoid excess alcohol which is dehydrating to the skin.  Well it would depend on other health problems she has. So I think that the doctor need to get together and see what she is on now so they would know what is best to put her on with the meds she all ready takes. To much of the same meds that she is on can cause a break down in her body. That you don't know about yet. If you don't look for it now then it could be to late.  In very small quantities, bacon isn't bad for your diet. But it might increase your risk of heart disease, stroke and cancer. First, 68% of bacon's calories come from fat, almost half of which is saturated. Each ounce of bacon contributes 30 milligrams of cholesterol. Bacon is also a processed meat, which is not considered safe to eat, according to the American Institute for Cancer Research. (Processed meat is usually red meat preserved via smoking, curing, or salting that contains nitrates, a carcinogen.) Regular consumption of processed meats may lead to higher risk for prostate cancer and several other cancers. If you have to eat bacon, one ounce should be enough. Even with the highest-fat type of bacon, one ounce adds up to 140 calories (the same as one cup of low-fat milk or two small slices of whole wheat bread). Choose a slightly leaner type, such as Oscar Mayer Center Cut Smokehouse Thick Sliced, and one ounce adds up to 105 calories and 7.5 grams of fat. Don't make bacon a daily indulgence. When you do treat yourself, keep the serving size small, and include antioxidant-rich fruits or vegetables in the meal whenever possible.  These are the foods that irritate a damaged esophageal lining and should be limited or eaten in small portions: Citrus fruits and juices. Tomato products. Chili peppers. Pepper. Spicy food. It's important when you are in an emotional state to try and eat balanced meals and snacks and keep yourself as well nourished as possible because not eating can make matters worse, emotionally and physically.  There are three alternative "milks" that you can try but of the three alternative milks, soy milk has the highest amount of protein and fiber and naturally contributes some of the vitamins and minerals also found in cow's milk, such as magnesium and calcium. * SOY MILK (usually made with filtered water, whole soybeans, and evaporated cane juice) Soy milk contributes about 8 grams high quality protein, 1.5 grams fiber, 3.5 grams fat (.2 grams omega-3 fatty acids), 11 g carbohydrate, 290 mg potassium, 61 mg calcium (sometimes fortified with more calcium), 61 mg magnesium, and usually fortified with vitamin D, B-12, calcium, riboflavin and others. *ALMOND MILK (usually made with purified water, evaporated cane juice and almonds) Almond milk contributes about 1 g protein, 1 g fiber, 2.5 g fat, 8 g carbohydrate, 180 mg potassium, fortified with calcium, vitamin D, vitamin A and E. *RICE MILK Rice milk contributes about 1 gram protein, 0 grams fiber, 2 grams fat, and is fortified with calcium and vitamin D. The trick is substituting soy, almond or rice milk for cow's milk, using soy alternatives for cheese, cream cheese and yogurt, and adding olive oil or canola oil instead of butter (if you need to delete this too). Soy and almond mllks work best in sauces because they have a thicker consistency and are more stable at higher temperatures compared to rice milk.  Well, there seem to be fairly instant physiological effects in terms of blood lipid levels and potential inflammation in the arteries after we eat a super high saturated fat meal, so I would try to direct someone to cheat responsibly. In other words, even when we are cheating, we can make better choices. Like a guy is having his favorite steak and potato meal from a restaurant. Try to choose a leaner cut of steak (filet mignon, top sirloin or London Broil, for example), and try to keep the amount of steak eaten within 6 ounces or so (take the rest of the 12- or 16-ounce steak home for sandwiches the next day). He might be more satisfied with this smaller portion of steak if he has enjoyed a broth- or tomato-based cup of soup and/or a nice green salad with a vinaigrette dressing  before he gets to the steak. ...  First, great job on taking steps to help control your diabetes through diet. It's not easy, and you should be congratulated for taking this step. Gluten is a protein found in wheat and related grains (including spelt, barley, rye, and others). I don't know of any studies that look specifically at a gluten-free diet for diabetes management. Historically, people with or gluten intolerance have needed to adopt a gluten-free lifestyle. Today, many people have decided to give gluten-free a try, whether for weight loss or to see if it helps conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome. These connections are still being investigated, and there's no conclusive scientific evidence yet that eating gluten-free is beneficial to anyone other than those with celiac disease or gluten intolerance. If you do decide to try living a lifestyle, remember you still need to get an adequate amount of fiber and whole grains in your diet. If you opt to eliminate wheat and related grains, you need to replace them with other whole grains, such as brown rice. While there's no evidence that eating gluten-free aids in weight loss or is advantageous for any medical conditions beyond celiac disease, it's also not a harmful way to eat. Hope this helps!  Good for you for taking responsibility for your own health and well-being. I commend you! You need to make sure you're eating a well-balanced diet that includes plenty of fresh vegetables and fruits, lean protein, whole grains, and healthy fats like olive oil. Assuming you have no food allergies, the is a good choice. If you truly are clinically underweight, you need to consume more healthful calories than you burn in order to put on a few healthy pounds. You can use to assess your current BMI and recommended calorie intake. To gain weight, add a couple hundred calories per day. Even though you're underweight, you should develop the habit of daily exercise (or at least exercise 5 times per week). Use an online program or app to track your calorie intake and calories burned so that you eat an adequate number of calories to gain weight even as you exercise. Walking is an excellent form of exercise to begin with, and weight training will help you develop strong bones and good muscle strength. Don't overlook your sexual health. When you become sexually active in the future, be sure to always practice safe sex by using a condom. A condom will help prevent unwanted pregnancy and will protect you against many sexually transmitted diseases. (Note a condom won't fully protect you against all STDs, including genital herpes and human papillomavirus.) I wish you all the best for a happy and healthy life!  I'm sorry to hear you feel you're being ignored by the medical professionals who are treating you. That's not good. Sometimes, a person has to be very vocal in telling their health care provider what they want done -- and why. If you feel your complaints of chronic back pain have been ignored, perhaps this would be a good time for you to tell your doctor straight out that you want some testing done on your back to figure out what is causing the pain. It can be helpful to take a trusted family member or friend with you on these appointments. This person can act as an "advocate," or a person who will take up your cause with you. Your advocate should have a pen and some paper to take notes, and he or she should feel free to ask questions. I hope this approach will get you the results you want!  I'm sorry to hear you're struggling with regaining your strength after hip replacement. That must be difficult to deal with! While I generally agree with your statement you must "use energy to have energy," I wonder if you're pushing yourself too hard, too fast. I realize it's been 9 months since your surgery, but if you've been pushing too hard for the entire 9 months, you may have set yourself back a bit. Remember: rest is good, too. Your body requires downtime to do things like produce hemoglobin. If you became anemic since the surgery, you probably should push your iron intake. I realize you're taking iron supplements now, but, frankly, they're not as effective as dietary sources. I'd suggest you increase your dietary intake of iron, as well as taking a supplement. I probably don't need to tell you spinach, iron-fortified cereals, tofu, and pumpkin seeds are all rich . If exercise is wearing you out rather than pepping you up, I suspect you're over-exercising. Try dialing down your regimen and see if that helps. I wish you all the best!  This is a great question, and I'm glad you asked it. Not all medications are effective if dissolved in a liquid. I'd suggest you check with the child's doctor or pharmacist to learn if this technique is appropriate with the medication in question. Meanwhile, I'd recommend dissolving the medication in the smallest amount of liquid possible and having the child drink it all at once. For example, if you could dissolve the medication in an ounce or two of cola, you could reward her with the remainder of the can after she drinks the portion containing the medicine. Dissolving the medication in a small amount of fluid will create a higher concentration of it in the mixture, so that when she takes it, she'll get something close to the full dose. I hope this helps!  Well, it could be. Or it might not be. Low testosterone (or "low T") is the flavor-of-the-month in men's health. It's blamed for everything from lack of energy to low libido. And while low testosterone certainly might contribute to those things, it's probably not the sole, underlying cause. Many things can cause slow weight loss and erectile dysfunction (ED). Your best bet is to see your primary care provider for a range of blood tests. These basic tests can help pinpoint the cause(s) of your current health conditions and get you on the path to wellness. By the way, good job on the diet and exercise! Even though things are slow going, keep up the good work. Wishing you well!  Great question! However, in this case two different issues are being confused: calorie intake versus a diabetic diet. Whether or not you have diabetes, your calorie needs depend on your current weight, activity level, and desired (ideal) weight. If you need to lose weight, you should eat fewer calories per day. The example you cited above contains about 1540 calories. This is a diet for someone who wants to lose weight. To give you an example, a female who is 5 feet 5 inches tall and weighs 150 pounds requires about 1700 calories per day to maintain that weight, even if she gets little to no activity during the day. A man who is 6 feet tall and weighs 180 pounds would require many more calories per day, even with no exercise involved. Many people with do,indeed, need to lose weight. You should consult your health care provider or a certified diabetes educator for guidelines on calorie intake. Eating to maintain blood sugar (glucose) levels throughout the day doesn't really revolve around the number of calories consumed. Maintaining healthy blood sugar levels is more about the types of foods you eat. A good diet for diabetes should be balanced, with whole grains (no refined grains), vegetables, fruits, protein, and healthy fats (such as olive oil or canola oil). This for Type 2 diabetes from WebMD offers ideas about the of food you should eat, but the calories in this meal plan may or may not be adequate for your sex, height, and current weight. If you have questions about how to eat healthy to control or reverse (with Type 2) your diabetes, consult your health care provider or a certified diabetes educator. Best wishes to you!  Hello, fellow Registered Nurse! Here's some basic information on , which I'm sure you know (but for the benefit of other readers) is a condition in which small sacs occur in the walls of the large intestine (colon). These sacs may not cause problems. If symptoms occur, including pain and possibly fever, a condition called " " may be diagnosed. While there's some controversy about whether or not diet plays a role in developing diverticulitis, the general advice for anyone with diverticulosis is to eat a high-fiber diet so that stool moves easily through the colon. Scheduling bowel movements may also be helpful. Since the goal of a diverticulosis diet is to avoid constipation, patients probably should also maintain good hydration and exercise regularly. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. is an unpleasant procedure, and it's worse when post-surgical symptoms linger on for so long. I suggest you schedule a follow-up appointment with your surgeon. As the specialist, he or she is in the best position to evaluate your situation and make recommendations for treatment, if any. I think you've suffered long enough. Recovery from hemorrhoid surgery generally only takes 2-4 weeks. Why not give your surgeon a call for an appointment? Wishing you all the best!  Well, I would suggest you simply eat a normal diet and follow the prep instructions to the letter. Fasting before a may sound like a good idea but could actually backfire. Abstaining from food or drink for 48 hours can have a profound effect on the digestive system and cause the prep solution(s) not to work correctly. So, again, my advice is to follow the written instructions you received. These instructions have helped thousands of patients achieve a good clean-out prior to colonoscopy, and with luck they'll work for you, too. Here's hoping things go better this time around!  Sorry you're experiencing this. Bloating is especially uncomfortable! Usually, pale or clay-colored stools indicate a lack of bile in the stool. However, the color change can also be related to consuming anti-diarrheal medications like Kaopectate. If your symptoms persist or get worse, I'd suggest you see a doctor. Sometimes, clay-colored stool can indicate a blocked bile duct (such as from a gallstone). If your scelera (the white parts of the eyeyball) start turning yellow, or your skin gets yellowish, or if you spike a fever or start vomiting, you should seek immediate medical attention by going to the emergency room. These could be signs of a serious bile duct obstruction. I hope you feel better soon!  I'm sorry to hear this. Headaches can go beyond annoying to actually disrupting your life. If you're in otherwise good health, you might try increasing your water intake. Dehydration can cause a chronic, low-level headache. Caffeine withdrawal also can cause a headache, so if you drink coffee or other other caffeinated beverages regularly, any reduction in your intake could give you a headache. If your headache has any of the features of , I'd suggest you see your health care provider for an evaluation. For many people, migraine is treatable. If your headache is very severe or just won't go away, I'd again recommend you see your doctor. A chronic headache can be a symptom of an underlying medical condition that can only be diagnosed by a physical examination. I hope you feel better soon!  These are good questions to discuss with your surgeon or his nurse. I applaud your gathering information in advance so you can plan ahead. Some surgeons may send home an appendectomy patient on the same day, while others may keep him/her overnight for 'observation.' Please tell your surgeon you live alone, as this may influence his/her decision about whether or not to discharge you on the same day as your procedure. Keep in mind you will not be allowed to drive yourself home if you've had general anesthesia. Again, this is a key point to mention to your surgeon so s/he can plan your care accordingly. While an appendectomy isn't a "big" surgery, you will have one or more incisions. You will want to avoid any activity that puts strain on the sutures. This includes lifting anything heavy, twisting at the waist, etc. Your surgeon should provide you with detailed discharge instructions that tell you if you have any lifting restrictions after surgery. You probably won't need any special diet, but again your surgeon's discharge instructions are the final word on that point. You should plan to rest easy for a few days after surgery, but be sure to get up and walk around regularly to avoid blood clots in the legs. Simply walking around should not harm you. If you have any questions after you get home, call your surgeon's office. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Sometimes, pregnancy can stretch the abdominal muscles out so much that they can't "snap back." They're kind of like elastic that way -- and I'm sure you've seen how floppy an elastic waistband gets after it's been over-stretched. I'd suggest you visit your doctor to find out if he or she thinks this is the problem in your case. If so, he or she may be able to tell you whether or not abdominal muscle exercises will help. If all else fails, you can have this corrected with a cosmetic surgery procedure called abdominoplasty or " ." In this surgery, the abdominal muscles are literally sewed back together to give your belly a tight look again. However, this surgery is not recommended for any woman who plans to have more children. Save it for the time when you're confident your family is complete! Probably not the news you wanted to hear, but I wanted to be honest with you. Wishing you all the best!  This is a great question. The concept of a therapeutic " diet" has been floating around for a few years now, but there is no scientific proof that diet in any way affects psoriasis. That said, an individual may experience certain food triggers that cause psoriasis to flare up, and these should not be ignored. Keep in mind, triggers are specific to the individual person. If, for example, eating tomatoes causes your psoriasis to flare up, it doesn't mean if your friend with psoriasis eats tomatoes, his condition also will flare up. You should beware of any diet programs that claim to "cure" psoriasis. There is no scientific basis for this. Hope this helps!  Good for you for taking control of the situation and heading to the gym! Taking that first step is always the hardest. It's very frustrating when you don't see immediate results -- or, in fact, see results that are the opposite of what you expected. What you need to realize is it's going to take some time for your body to adjust to this new exercise routine. One week is not enough time for your body to adapt. Right now, your body is kind of going "what the heck is this all about??" Once your body gets used to all this new activity, it will start behaving like a well-oiled machine. That's when you'll see the pounds start to come off. Hang in there and be patient. There's no set timetable for how pounds come off. Also, be aware if you created a line graph of weight loss in most people, it would look like a gentle wave. Most people lose a little, gain a little back, lose a little more. This is perfectly normal. Also, going from no exercise to 1.5 hours a day is a very abrupt change. You might want to check with your health care provider to make sure this is safe for you and your heart. Wishing you all the best!  Well, it's a good question. Motivation is the challenge of every person who wants to achieve a goal, be it weight loss, becoming an oil painter or anything else. It sounds like you may have invested too much time and effort into research. Everything feels overwhelming to you right now, doesn't it? Don't let that stop you. At a certain point, you have to take the plunge and DO IT. Stop thinking about it and just DO IT. I read an interesting article in which a fitness coach said there is no such thing as "motivation;" there are only choices. You can choose to eat an apple, or you can choose to eat a candy bar. You can choose to take a walk for 10 minutes, or you can choose to watch TV instead. Do you see the difference here? I strongly suggest you and your friend check out WebMD's , where you can share your fears, struggles, goals and with others who will cheer you on! You are not the first person to fear getting started on the path to a healthy life, and you won't be the last. Meanwhile, choose goals you know you can easily accomplish. For example: Today, I will eat one apple instead of a candy bar Today, I will throw away all the junk food in my house Today, I will walk for 10 minutes This week, I will walk for 10 minutes every day I mean, come on! Anyone can do 10 minutes of exercise, right? Of course you can! Lastly, don't forget to reward yourself for meeting your goals, no matter how small they may be . Don't use food as a reward. Even if you accomplish just one thing today, download a new song to your smartphone, take a bubble bath, or do something else to celebrate the fact that, today at least, YOU WON. You don't need "motivation." You just need to take the plunge. I say go for it!! Wishing you well!  You are very wise to treat your son's with an overall strategy, rather than simply treating each episode as it occurs. A few suggestions: Make sure your son is drinking enough plain (or flavored) water every day. You might be surprised what a difference this one change makes. Try a bowel training routine. Don't wait for your son to tell you he needs to have a bowel movement. It's not uncommon for children his age to "retain stool" by refusing to go to the bathroom even when they feel the urge. They do this for various reasons, such as not wanting to interrupt a pleasurable activity in order to take a potty break. So, be sure to suggest a bathroom break during your daily activities, and even verbalize when you, yourself, are taking a bathroom break in order to set this example of normal behavior. Don't be afraid to speak to his school teacher about the constipation issue to enlist her or his help to make sure your son takes bathroom breaks during the school day. Do not treat going to the bathroom as a punishment. Rather, react with approval when he does take the time to go. Don't rush your son in the bathroom. Make sure he always knows he has plenty of time to go. Some people require more time to complete a bowel movement than others. Make sure your son's diet contains plenty of fiber-rich foods, such as apples, carrots, celery, and other fruits and vegetables. Make sure your son gets plenty of exercise. Of course, sweating can lead to dehydration (and constipation), so keep him hydrated while he runs and plays. If all else fails, you may add a clear, non-gritty fiber supplement (such as Benefiber) to your son's milk or other beverage. I hope you've discussed this issue with your pediatrician, as well. This problem should be documented in your son's medical record and, of course, your doctor will have excellent advice for dealing with this issue. Best of luck to you!  I am a stage 4 with ckd.  Did you ever get any information on this?  Hello...  Stomach pains in an 8 year old could be many things- gastritis (when the stomach lining is irritated), reflux (like heartburn in adults), constipation or something more serious. Sometimes anxiety or stress can make kids have abdominal pain. In any case, you should be seen by your doctor or a specialist. If its been going on for a while, your son needs to be evaluated. I have not heard of cholesterol issues causing stomach pains. Talk to your doctor or subspecialist as soon as you can.  A cough that has lasted that long needs to be assessed by a doctor. It could be many things including asthma, allergies, and even pneumonia or pertussis. Children should rarely lose weight- this is concerning. Your child needs to see a doctor right away, so she can get on the right treatment plan.  All of your choices are good ones. Have you tried trail mix eg almonds, dried fruit, walnuts. Nuts are full of nutrients but have protein as well so that just a few can be 'filling'. Also a fiber based cereal with low fat milk is a snack that I often have when i have the munchies. Here's a great article http://www.webmd.com/diet/features/snack-attack Also, remember that sometimes if a person is stressed or tired, he or she may think they are hungry but really it is a stress response. Additionally, if you are not drinking enough water during the day, you may be thirsty and this may feel like hunger. In any case, drinking 6-8 glasses of water is key to be healthy. Glad you're doing so well with healthy eating. Keep up the good work!  From the Herbalife web site, it was hard to find product ingredients for each of their products. There is a list of all the minerals and herbs that could be in each of the products. From this list, there does not appear to be any known interactions with your Camila birth control pills. ... Some [diet pills] have herbal ingredients that we do not know enough about, and that could interact with medications or be contradictory for certain health conditions. Consult your local pharmacist about the specifics to get a better answer and to make sure what you're taking is safe for you.  Try Prilosec OTC  Two important lifestyle factors can affect your body weight more than any others. The first is work-related physical activity. Individuals who walk and stay mobile as part of their jobs are less likely to be overweight. The second factor is dietary fiber. If you are mostly stationary during your work day, it's a good idea to look at how much fiber you are getting in your diet. Fiber serves two main purposes that affect your health. Soluble fiber -- in foods like oat bran, nuts, beans, and some fruits and vegetables -- helps prevent your body from reabsorbing bile acids in your gastrointestinal tract, which can help lower your cholesterol without medication. Insoluble fiber -- found in wheat bran, whole wheat bread, and many vegetables -- absorbs water in your colon and can help keep you regular. Because fiber absorbs water, it can also help you feel fuller after taking in fewer calories. Most of us get fewer than the 25 grams of daily fiber recommended by the American Heart Association. Consuming this recommended amount can help you lose weight while improving your heart health. You can bulk up on fiber pretty easily by increasing your intake of fruits and vegetables, and making a point of trying higher fiber breads, cereals, and rice. In some cases, you can meet your fiber goals with the use of a fiber supplement, but talk to your health care provider first about that. Making some simple changes in your shopping patterns can help you reach the recommended amount of daily fiber and reduce your risk of heart disease ... and stay regular  "The stomach carries the heart, and not the heart the stomach." -- Miguel de Cervantes I think that Cervantes had it about half right. It's true that what we eat directly impacts our heart health. But we also rely on a healthy heart to enjoy life's pleasures, which should definitely include eating good foods. How we shop and prepare our food makes a huge impact on our health. So what can you do to make sure you're on the right track? Here are three tips to get you started. 1. Clean out your pantry. Do it today, and try it at least once a month. Go through your fridge and even that old freezer in the garage, too. Take stock of what you've got, and what you don't need. Focus on purging processed foods, foods with trans fats, and food products that contain high fructose corn syrup. While throwing away food of any type is less than ideal, it's important to recognize that most of these products aren't real food, anyway. Get rid of them, and start fresh next time you go shopping. 2. Read food labels. Think of reading food labels as having a free dietitian at your disposal. First, determine what the actual serving size of your food item is supposed to be. You might be amazed to learn that you have been drinking two servings of your favorite soda in one bottle, or that the bowl of cereal you usually pour for yourself was meant for three. Second, look at the trans fats listing. It should read zero. Next, look for fancy lingo on your label. A good example is "partially hydrogenated," which is a term that companies use sometimes to sneak small amounts of trans fats into their products. Finally, look for foods low in sodium. It turns out that processed foods provide about 80% of the sodium in our diets. You can make a great improvement in your diet by choosing low-sodium or sodium-free options. 3. Outsmart the supermarket. When grocery shopping, have you ever wondered why you could never find a decent tomato? But it's so easy to find candy bars, frozen pizzas, and even tabloid magazines. It's called "market research." Supermarkets understand all too well how their customers walk through stores, and how this can impact their buying habits. We tend to start our shopping on the right side of the store, swing around the back, and then head toward the checkout line through the middle. This is why so many cheap ("cheap" from the supermarket's perspective) convenience foods are in the center aisle, and the candy is prominently displayed as you swipe your credit card. It can be harder to find some of the healthier foods that have a lower profit margin. The solution is to attentively shop from a list and to avoid any impulse purchases. People don't tend to buy quinoa and steel-cut oats when they're in a hurry...  In recent weeks, a study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition tried to solve the controversy once and for all. Pooled data from twenty-plus studies and nearly 350,000 participants and found no difference in the risk of heart disease between people with the lowest and highest intake of saturated fat. This is huge. Its like telling people that bicycle helmets dont protect them from head injuries or seatbelts dont save lives. Sure, its not a perfect study. Some of the research relies on peoples recollections of what they ate, and its hard to draw any conclusions about whether there may be some benefit to a low-saturated fat diet in older or higher risk populations. But we cant ignore such a clear challenge to our way of thinking and hope that it just goes away. We need more research, more data and more open minds. Many are calling for a new approach to official dietary recommendations that takes the focus off of pyramids and nutrients like protein and fat, and more towards general dietary patterns. Most people are now in agreement that highly processed foods and refined carbohydrates and sweets are not as good for us as a more plant-based diet enriched with whole grains, unsaturated fats and animal protein from fish. This seems like fact, but the cynic might just call it the next wave of conventional wisdom. Time will tell...  I would ask your primary or OB/GYN to do a blood test for your hormone levels. I would also talk to your doctor about any medication you have been taking long-term and/or currently taking (include ANY over the counter meds, vitamins and any supplements).  Nexium is a medicine that is available over the counter and which can be used to treat heartburn symptoms but it should only be taken on a doctor's advise.  I'm just starting that possibility myself after a probable hiatal hernia visit to the ER with 8/10 pain I don't ever want to have again!   There are two different recipes for oatmeal cookies found in the healthy recipe section on webmd.com. There are links to them below. Oatmeal Raisin Cookies <?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p> Oatmeal-Chocolate Chunk Cookies <o:p></o:p>  Here are a few tips that will help with gastritis. Eat smaller, more frequent meals. If you are having frequent indigestion, eating smaller more frequent meals will help to ease the effects of stomach acid. Avoid irritating foods. Avoid foods that irritate your stomach, especially those that are spicy, acidic, fried or fatty foods. You might also keep a log of what you eat to find other foods that are irritating. Drink alcohol in moderation, if at all. Excessive use of alcohol can irritate the mucous lining of your stomach. For women limit yourself to one drink a day or two drinks a day if youre a man. Consider switching pain relievers. If you use pain relievers regularly, ask your doctor whether acetaminophen (Tylenol) may be an option for you. This medication is less likely to irritate your stomach problem. Manage stress. Stress may make your gastritis symptoms worse. If you have trouble relaxing, consider trying calming activities such as meditation, yoga and tai chi. For more information visit this link .  There are lots of foods that are lower in sodium and also contain a good amount of fiber. A more structure meal plan called the DASH Diet (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) is a good place to start. The plan puts an emphasis on fruits and vegetables (all high in fiber), lean protein and dairy sources, and whole grains (also have a lot of fiber). Foods that contain a lot of sodium are processed foods, cured, smoked or pickled foods, and pre-packaged foods. Foods that contain a good amount of fiber include fruits and vegetables, whole grains (whole wheat pasta, brown rice, whole wheat breads and cereals), and nuts and legumes. Review this link for more information on the DASH Diet.  Gout occurs when the body has high levels of uric acid in the blood. Foods that are high in purines such as meat, seafood and beer will increase the uric acid in your blood and increase the risk of gout. Food such as low-fat dairy products may lower your risk of gout. Foods that are high in acid do not affect the amount of uric acid in the blood stream. Here are some simple tips to decrease your risk of gout: Avoid or limit foods high in purines such as organ meats, beer and game meats. You will also want to limit the portion of meat to 2 to 3 ounces a day. Eat foods such as low-fat or fat-free milk and yogurt to lower your risk of gout. Choose healthy foods like a variety of fruits and vegetables, egg, nuts and seeds for protein. Drink plenty of water and other fluids to get rid of the uric acid. For more information please go to this link .  The DASH Diet (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) is a meal plan that helps to lower blood pressure. The plan puts an emphasis on fruits and vegetables (all high in fiber), lean protein and dairy sources, and whole grains (also have a lot of fiber). It also gives recommendations for sodium milligrams a day. Some research suggests that people who followed the DASH Diet lowered their blood pressure within 2 weeks. Below are some tips provided by the DASH Diet. Add a serving of vegetables at lunch and at dinner. Add a serving of fruit to your meals or as a snack. Canned and dried fruits are easy to use, but check that they don't have added sugar. Use only half your typical serving of butter, margarine, or salad dressing, and use low-fat or fat-free condiments. Drink low-fat or skim dairy products any time you would normally use full-fat or cream. Limit meat to 6 ounces a day. Make some meals vegetarian. Add more vegetables and dry beans to your diet. For more information visit this website .  There are several recipes that can be found on the WebMD website. I have included links to and . When looking at the ingredients of a recipe, feel free to alter to fit within your diet regimen. I have also included a link about the to help you choose foods that are lower in cholesterol.  Hey there! Well the reason that you feel dizzy may be because of the amount of sugar in your blood. Just remember that too much of it can cause diabetes. That is when your body cant take in sugar so it is used as extra body fat. That can lead to obesity and in severe cases it can lead to death. So it is a good idea to see your doctor and tell him/her that you have dizziness when walking. And he/she should give you medication.  Well no. If fruits are healthy then fruit smoothies are not bad either. But watch how much you take in because too much of anything including fruit smoothies can cause health problems like diabetes. That ius when your body cannot process sugar so the food or drink will become extra body fat. At the same time it is good to excersize. So dont worry fruit smoothies are not bad for you.  Organic diet means you detox your body from all the chemicals like junk food you put into your body and eating just healthy foods, fruits and vegetables. And just drinking water and not juice. The only juice you would be able to drink is freshly homemade juice.  I don't think there is any benefit to fast dieting. It will only result in you gaining weight in the long run and it's hard on your body.  It sounds like it could either be an allergic reaction or a hormone thing going on. I have a hormone imbalance myself and it makes foods that I usually enjoy make me want to vomit as well! Since it began with menopause I would assume it could be a hormone imbalance, however allergies can develop at any time. Just a couple of ideas! :)  http://www.livestrong.com/article/366512-a-list-of-foods-that-you-can-eat-with-gastritis/  I feel full and bloated all the time now for the past two months. I eat very healthy and am not on any medications. My sister now has the same symptoms. I am 30 and she is 40. We are not pregnant, but as you did we also took tests because it felt similar to when we were pregnant. Did you go to the doctor? Are you still bloated? I cannot believe how long it is lasting. I was checking my hormone levels too. I fill up with gas for no reason - like it is in the air or something. Please answer back if you had any resolutions to your problem.  I am not sure how to edit this question, so I am posting it here. Fiber is not an issue. I get plenty of fiber in my diet.  This is a common side effect of this class of medications. My recommendation is to always talk to your health care provider first. They may be able to lower the dose of your medication so the weight gain may subside. They may also refer you to a nutritionist who can help you with diets and eating habits. Many patients that I talk to also try taking up simple exercises like walking. Simple steps like this can go a long way.  Great question. No, there are no over-the-counter medications that help lower blood sugar. If you have been diagnosed with diabetes, it is important that you still try to see a health care provider for evaluation. Depending on your condition, you may be eligible for some classes of medications that are available generically and are lower in cost. You want to make sure you do not ignore this because you can end up in the hospital if your diabetes goes untreated. You are on the right track though, diet, exercise and lifestyle modification are important factors in helping lower blood sugar. I encourage you to visit the American Diabetes Association web site at www.diabetes.org for more information and tips. Talk to your pharmacist too, they may be able to help you choose a more cost-effective meter to test your blood sugar at home.  Defiantly start out slow with the exercise, you don't want to hurt yourself. and this goes for everyone regardless of size that is just starting to work out. Take a Fat burner it will boost your weight loss with the exercise. Cut down on carbs and try to eat at least 3 well proportioned meals or 6 small meals a day. DO NOT STARVE YOUR SELF!!! this in the long run will make you gain twice as much as you loose. GOOD LUCK!!!  Same thing happened to me, I gained 13 pounds over a period of 3.5 months without changing my diet nor taking any new medication, I was taking two hard courses and was very stressed out...so it could be caused by the Cortisol stress hormone since blood tests haven't shown anything wrong with my body. I haven't gained any weight after that damn semester was over..Unfortunately, I am still struggling to get rid of them!   First, its good to be concerned and thoughtful about how you will please your partner  just dont get too worried about it; approaching it with relaxation and ease is more productive for you. Second, try practicing edging for a couple of weeks. Edging involves masturbating right up until the point of ejaculating then stopping before the ejaculation occurs; letting the urge to ejaculate subside; then masturbating to the edge again; and repeating this over and over without ejaculating for as long as you can  at least half an hour. Doing this every day for 2-3 weeks helps many men learn control over their ejaculations when with a partner. It also gives them a sore, red penis, but using a quality penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) that includes both vitamin E (a natural hydrator) and she abutter (an excellent emollient) can help reduce the soreness.  Most of us have a sense of which eating and exercising habits (or lack thereof) have gotten us into trouble and stand in the way of our shedding pounds. It's staying motivated that's the hard part. But there may be help for you in unexpected places. How about a little help from ... your employer? If you're not looking to your employee benefits or even your insurance company for help reaching your health goals, you may be missing out. "Increasingly, employers are providing incentives and offering programs to employees looking to take better control of their health," says Mike Thompson, a principal in PricewaterhouseCoopers' health and welfare practice. This year, the incentives to follow through on your weight loss plans, among other health goals, are greater than ever. Here's just a taste of what's being offered to help you keep the weight off: Weight Watchers at work. Onsite nutrition classes. Healthier food offerings in the cafeteria and in vending machines. Free or reduced membership costs for joining a gym. Nurse coaches available by telephone to discuss health management. Activity-related programs, such as: Making pedometers available (to record how many steps you take). Web sites to record your level of physical activity in a given day. Competitions among workers to get active. Walking programs at lunch time. Check your benefits package or talk with your human resources department about the types of wellness programs available to you at the office. And, if you buy health benefits on your own, call your insurance company to ask about weight-loss assistance. Both employers and insurers are anxious to help you meet your health goals, Thompson says. Take credit If losing weight and the health benefits that come with it aren't enough to keep the Twinkies at bay, focus on employer incentives, which are richer than ever this year at many companies. Employers are hoping that rewards for both action and results will encourage you to engage in healthy behaviors. A growing trend: If you not only enroll in a weight loss program, but also make significant progress toward your goal, benefits await you. According to Thompson, among the most common incentives being offered to employees to start and complete wellness programs are: Reduced insurance premiums. Gift cards. Cash. In addition to paying less money for insurance, employers will sometimes offer a more robust benefits package with lower co-payments and deductibles to employees who demonstrate a commitment to their health. "Why not take credit for it?" Thompson asks of those who plan to lose weight on their own anyhow. "If you trend and track your progress, you may get more credit than you even thought available."  Here is an Oatmeal Chocoloate Chunk Cookie recipe from our site http://www.webmd.com/food-recipes/oatmeal-chocolate-chunk-cookies  I reduced sources of protein and fat from animal sources to nuts. I especially like almonds which are also high in calcium and fiber. But be sure to get the unsalted kind.  I AM WONDERING WHAT FOOD'S CAN YOU LOSE WEIGHT ON GET BACK TO ME ON THAT  My 4 year old grand daughter went through the same thing. The proper term is Encopresis. It hurts for the child to pass the stool, so they hold it in, causing it to hurt more when the finally do go so next time they hold it even longer and it becomes more painful. It's an endless cycle. They will also start to have accidents in their clothes. Our doctor put her on Polyethylene Glycol. She takes one teaspoon in the morning, every day. It works wonders. She will grow out of it but for the time being, this has worked wonders.  I was told by my MD that I had 3 months to change my blood work or go on two more meds. I have CAD, fatty liver, metabolic syndrome and (as of the last visit) type 2 diabetes.  It depends. Some people gain a little weight while on birth control pills. But not everyone does. You may notice a bit less water retention, which would go away rather quickly -- most likely in the first week or two after you stop taking the pill. But you are not likely to notice a significant drop in your weight simply by stopping the birth control pill.  I think diet is important in FM just like anything and everything we do is important in managing our FM. How we move, how we keep still, how we think, what we take, what we eat, how we sleep, how we relax, whether we stretch or exercise, etc. can all be evaluated and changed to make it more favorable for our fibro. Poor diet doesn't cause fibro, and diet doesn't cure fibro. I've had one patient who became symptom-free after changing to a gluten-free diet. This didn't mean her FM was cured; it meant I diagnosed her with FM but she really had gluten intolerence (celiac disease) instead. She had a fibro-like condition, but did not have true FM. Many of my patients report benefits with dietary modifications.  There is no diet magic, only sound dietary lifestyle changes. Anything we do can be done in a way that's more favorable or less favorable for FM. That includes how we move, how we rest, what we take etc., etc.... and what we eat. I favor a higher protein, lower carb diet approach. Here is a brief summary of suggestions I've made to patients regarding diet and FM. Any specific diet for you should be discussed with your doctor. Foods that are okay to eat: Good proteins * Lean meats, skinless chicken, fish & turkey. * Eggs, but egg whites are healthier. * Tofu. * Soy meat substitutes. * Dairy products  use the lowfat varieties. * Legumes  beans, peanuts, lentils, peas, soybeans. Good carbohydrates * All vegetables. Corn has more carbs than other vegetables. * Fresh fruits. Avoid dried fruits. Good fats * Preferably olive oil  other acceptable oils include plant oils, soy, corn, peanut and sunflower oil. * Almonds. * Avocados. * Fish oils. Miscellaneous * Salad garnishes. * Flaxseed oil. * Artificial sweeteners, sugar-free beverages (in moderation). Foods to avoid * Breads, sweets, pastas, white rice, white potatoes, partially hydrogenated oils, carbonated drinks, alcoholic drinks. Dr. Pellegrino's Diet Strategies: * Think protein always. A key with this diet is not to eat any carbohydrate foods by themselves, even if they are considered good carbs. * Avoid the rush. To avoid a carbohydrate surge, take a few bites from proteins first whenever you eat. * Eat until full. Try to eat at least three meals a day and have one or two snacks. At meals, eat until you are comfortably full, but not stuffed. * Strict during the week, splurge a little on the weekend. The diet is five days "on" and two days not so "on." This allows people to follow the basic rules during the week but also allows the anticipation of favorite foods over the weekend.  Wow! Sounds like your really working hard and eating clean. However, to fuel weight loss you need to change your program and your going to be surprised by my suggestions. First, 1250 calories is not enough for a 60 year old. The recommended amount of calories for a 60 year old is 1600 calories for women and 2000 calories for men. While these are estimates your pretty far away from both. Your body is not going to let go of any fat that it has. It believes your starving so it's holding on to all the calories it can. I know its counter-intuitive but up the calories (to a reasonable level) to lose the weight. Add veggies, at least one more serving of protein and some healthy fats (olive oil, avocados, eggs, nuts, olives, seeds) If your doing eight hours of cardiovascular exercise a week a great deal of it is probably long, slow distance training. You need to change it up. Begin interval training. Shorter duration but higher intensity. Look at the articles pasted below as they map out incorporating interval training into your fitness plan.Once again, I know it's counter-intuitive that less time equals more weight loss but the weight loss is spurred on by the higher intensity. Re-evaluate your strength training workouts by asking yourself am I getting stronger and am I seeing changes? With a caloric intake of 1250 calories your probably not. So increase the calories and change your routine. Visit the link below and incorporate 1 or 2 of the lifts in each section into your routine. Remember challenge yourself . Finally, it sounds like your really working hard and initially you probably had success but your body has adapted to the program and it's time to change it up. Since these suggestions are a significant change in your exercise program be sure to check with your physician especially if you have any health conditions.  It seems like this is a tough time for everyone but these are some of my go to snacks 1. Plain Greek Yogurt: it's high in protein and really fills you up. I sweeten it with a little bit of fruit or 1 packet of splenda. 2. A bowl of steel cut oats withs almonds, cranberries, and honey. These take about 20 minutes to prepare but are well worth the wait. 3. No calorie sparkling water. I don't know why but it tastes good and somehow seems to help quell my hunger. 4. Peanut Butter or Almond Butter and Banana sandwich on whole wheat. It's a great treat. If my belts a little tigt I'll only have half a sandwich. Make sure you measrue your peanut butter serving (1 to 2 tablespoons) 5. 2 slices center cut bacon and apple slices. I don't eat this alot because of the saturated fat in bacon but it definitely fills you up. 6. Trail mix: almonds, pecans, raisins with mini-chocolate chips be sure to measure your serving and pair with some raw veggies to fill it out 7. Sliced apple with 1-2 tablespoons of peanut or almond butter 8. String Cheese, Almonds, and a serving of fruit 9. My all time favorite is paleo granola. It's very high in calories so you have to keep your servings small but it's delicious. I'll also add a cut up banana to it as well. The recipe below makes 14 servings which comes out to about 300 calories/serving Ingredients 	  All water is beneficial for health. The amount of minerals in mineral water is minimal and should not be considered substitute for eating fruits and vegetables. Fruits and vegetables contains high amounts of vitamins and minerals but also contain fiber and antioxidants that help maintain good health. Here's some help getting started eating fruits and vegetables. Good luck!  There has been a backlash against low fat diets, leading people to go in the opposite direction, embracing diets high in saturated fat diets. The truth is diets low in saturated fat won't reduce heart disease risk if the saturated fat is being replaced with refined carbs. This decreases HDL (good cholesterol) and can increase triglycerides and the blood sugar response. But as both of the review studies below demonstrate, when saturated fat in the diet is replaced with plant and fish sources of fat (omega-3 fatty acids and monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats) it decreases heart disease risk -- HDL increases and LDL (bad cholesterol) decreases. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24345985 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23895475 This is basically the Mediterranean diet -- low in saturated fat, high in fruits and vegetables and healthy fat sources like olive oil and nuts. While the French may have diets higher in saturated fats, they also tend to be leaner, walk more and eat other heart healthy foods like fruits and vegetables. While the evidence continues to evolve, there isn't enough to recommend a diet high in saturated fat to reduce heart disease.  Although research suggests that people who stop exercising gain more weight over time than people who stay active, everyone is different. Exercise, especially the type that strengthens the body, helps build muscle which weighs more than fat. After exercise is stopped there is some lean tissue loss.   It sounds like you've been doing the right thing by keeping your sodium and protein intake low as recommended by the National Kidney Foundation. Several health organizations recommend regular checks of proteinuria so don't rely on symptoms and get yourself checked. I also recommend checking in with your nephrologist about the herbal treatments you are trying to see if they are contraindicated. If you have diabetes, blood sugar control is very important as well as keeping your blood pressure down. There are other factors that can increase the progression of renal disease including anemia, abnormal blood lipids such as cholesterol and problems with mineral metabolism. A registered dietitian can help you troubleshoot your diet as a whole. You can find a dietitian at eatright.org.  There is no reason to wait to introduce a multivitamin as symptoms of Celiac disease usually improve in a few days to weeks, and this means absorption of nutrients increases as well. It will take longer for the intestines to completely heal and studies shows this varies from individual to individual (can take 2-5 years in adults, and some may not experience full regeneration of the intestinal villi). It's also beneficial to get lab work done to see if there any specific nutrient deficiencies such as iron, folic acid and vitamin D. In some cases, additional supplementation will be needed. Always consult your doctor. For more on diet and supplements for Celiac disease, see this WebMD article.  Research shows that over the short-term low carbohydrate/high protein diets have beneficial effects on blood lipids, especially raising the good kind of cholesterol,  A glycated hemoglobin A1C of 6.0 (5.7-6.4 range) is considered pre-diabetes, meaning your husband has elevated blood sugars and is at increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 15-30% of people with pre-diabetes will be diagnosed with full blown diabetes in 5 years.  Here are some foods that may help prevent urinary tract infections: Cranberry products such as cranberries, cranberry juice and cranberry extract. Blueberries Fresh berry or fruit juices Fermented dairy products with probiotic bacteria (ask your doctor about probiotic supplements) Cinnamon Foods rich in vitamin A like sweet potatoes, carrots, spinach and kale  His diet shouldn't change from what he has been doing to manage his blood sugar, which usually includes counting.   It used to be recommended that people with ulcers consume a bland diet but there is no evidence to show this is effective. The key is to adopt a balanced, nutrient-rich diet to help the ulcer heal and keep your body healthy. Small frequent meals (4-6 times) tend to be better tolerated than fewer (2-3 times) big meals. Avoid or limit alcohol as it can make symptoms worse and delay healing of the ulcer. Avoid caffeine-containing food and beverages (coffee, tea and chocolate) as they can increased stomach acid making symptoms worse. Watch for foods that may cause discomfort such as spicy or greasy foods while your ulcer is healing. See this article for more on diet and ulcers.  Jevity is typically used as a tube feeding but other oral supplements like Ensure or Glucerna (if you are diabetic) can be used. The Jackson Siegelbaum diet has three steps the first being liquids. There may be times you go back to liquids when symptoms worsen. Liquids and low fiber foods tend to be tolerated the best for people with gastroparesis. Oral supplements also make sense when weight, and nutrition, is a concern due to inability to eat regular meals.  I would start at the doctor and get a physical to check the state of your health. This will include blood work, weight measurements and blood pressure check etc. If all of that is healthy, than focus on creating a healthy lifestyle. That means regular physical activity, adequate sleep and regular balanced meals and in between snacks. If you are at a normal weight based on your height and weight history, you may not need to gain weight. But if you focus on your health, hopefully the right weight for you will follow. For some ideas on healthy ways to gain weight, see this WebMD article.   The main treatment for hypothyroid is thyroid hormone pills. Excessive intake of certain foods may decrease thyroid function including cruciferous vegetables (broccoli, cauliflower, kale), asparagus, peaches, peanuts, peas, soybeans, spinach, strawberries and radishes. Being consistent with fiber intake instead of consuming a lot at one sitting can help, as too much can reduce the absorption of thyroid medication. Lastly it is recommended not to take thyroid medication on an empty stomach and not the same time as other supplements, especially calcium and iron.  The American Heart Association has this Sodium Tracker:  Usually when ammonia is high there is trouble with the liver since it is the organ that breaks down protein to ammonia. It is no longer standard practice to subscribe very low protein diets with liver disease (I'm not sure how much your doctor is recommending). The key is to eat the right amount of protein -- not too much but not too little. The total protein measures the amount of protein in the blood which could be affected by your diet. I recommend seeing a registered dietitian who can explain to you the amount of protein you need and how it relates to all of your blood levels. Read more: Total Serum Protein Ammonia Blood Test  Helping your mother improve her diet can certainly help. I believe grain brain may be referring to research that shows people with celiac disease have a higher risk of getting Alzheimer's, the most common form of dementia, but I haven't read the book. I'm not saying a low carb, gluten free diet won't be beneficial, but it is not standard practice for treating dementia. The Alzheimer's association and Dementia.org, recommend a healthy diet full of fruits and vegetables that's low in saturated fat and includes healthy fats like those found in vegetable sources like olive oil and nuts. And some research shows a diet full of healthy carbohydrates with a low glycemic index (fruits, vegetables and whole grains) may help with Alzheimer's. From the supplements you mention, coconut oil is often used even though there is no evidence its beneficial -- it may be worth a try as there's anecdotal evidence it helps. Low levels of vitamin D has been linked to higher risk of dementia so it makes sense to get her levels checked. If she is low, taking vitamin D is important. There has been some research showing that DHA (and eating fish 3 times per week) can help, but more research is needed. As people age, the good bacteria in their GI tract decreases, so a probiotic may be beneficial. Before giving supplements, check with her doctor. See this list of vitamins and supplements that may be beneficial for dementia. Good luck!   If you haven't already, you should try the low FODMAP diet which is often helpful with individuals suffering from irritable bowel syndrome. It was designed by Australian researchers at Monash University and is being used more and more. You first need to find a dietitian who specializes in digestive health and is familiar with Fodmaps (go to eatright.org to find one in your area). You will work with him or her to eliminate foods that contain potentially problematic carbohydrates including lactose, fructose, fructans, sugar alcohols, and galactans for a period of time (1-2 weeks). If it helps you will know as soon as a few days. You also might want to try a probiotic that has been found to be effective managing diarrhea. Look for probiotics that have research behind them. For more on digestive health, see this WebMD article. Don't give up, you can find a solution!  Drinking diet soda in moderation should not be a problem. Although diet soda was associated with preterm delivery, more studies are needed to confirm a relationship. Also remember soda has caffeine. The March of Dimes recommends 200mg or less daily for pregnancy women and a diet coke has 45 mg. Be sure not to skimp on water and other nutritious beverages such as milk.  The key for diabetes is keeping carbohydrate intake consistent throughout the day. Oatmeal is a healthy, carbohydrate-rich food that is beneficial for heart health and can fit in a healthy diet. You want to work with your healthcare provider on how many carbohydrates you need in a day. The American Diabetes Association recommends 45-60 grams of carbohydrate at a meal (3-4 carbohydrate servings). One half cup of oatmeal, without added sugars, contains about one carbohydrate serving (15 grams). If you add to Tablespoons raisins, that is another carbohydrate serving. The benefit of carbohydrate counting is you have flexibility about what you eat as long as you stay within your recommended carbohydrate intake. But choosing carbohydrates that are nutritous, like oatmeal (and other whole grains), fruits and dairy, is important for a healthy diet. If you need help, see a diabetes educator for more assistance. For more information on carb counting see this article http://diabetes.webmd.com/carbohydrate-counting-for-people-who-use-insulin  If you haven't already, I recommend getting iron prescribed from your health care provider. He or she can look at your iron levels and recommend the right amount. Once you are treated, you will likely feel better in a few days but it could take up to 6 months to get your blood levels to normal.  Only a doctor can diagnose you with IBS or another related gastrointestinal disorder. But from what you have shared, it seems your increase in bowel movements is due to your increase in fiber. Especially if you are not feeling abdominal pain or bloating and your bowels are not hard or really loose. For more on the symptoms of IBS, see this   First off, whey typically contains low levels of casein but it is obviously present in the milk. Children can outgrow food allergies so you want to see a board-certified pediatric allergist on a regular basis and keep him/her updated on changes in your child. You also want to make sure food allergy diagnosis utilize a combination of tests (skin prick, blood test, food elimination etc.) so you get an accurate reading. The best thing to do is to visit a pediatric allergist to see if your child is still allergic to casein. He or she can help you decide whether or not to start introducing products that your child has previously had reactions to. Good luck!  The question is how else has your eating changed? If your low sugar and no wheat diet also includes more fruits and vegetables and other sources of fiber, like beans, then you have your reason (fiber makes food go through the intestine faster). I don't think just removing sugar and wheat would cause you to go to the bathroom more but its likely due to any other changes you are making.  The mainstay of a diet for Menieres is low sodium typically under 2000mg daily. That means focusing on whole foods that naturally have less sodium over processed foods with sodium added. These foods include, fruits, vegetables, whole grains, unprocessed meats and healthy fats. When choosing other items read the label. This list should help you figure out low sodium choices. It's also beneficial to limit caffeine in items like coffee, tea and soda. These are other foods high in caffeine. I think the cheese and wine has to do with migraines, and not Menieres,so you'll have to check with your doctor on that. I would focus on sodium first. Good luck!  Because you are advancing your diet, it could be a normal transition as long as it does not last but only your doctor will know for sure. I would stay in close contact with your doctor about your bowel movements and what that means for your treatment and diet moving forward. In terms of solid food, a soft diet is the easiest on the gastrointestinal system because it contains little fiber. The normal transition is moving from liquids to soft to regular.  First off, good for you for taking charge of your health! Between 5.7 and 6.4 is considered pre-diabetes and between 4-5.6 is normal. 6.5 or higher is considered diabetes. I'm sure if you continue to exercise and eat right it will be in the normal range in no time (you are practically there). For more on hemoglobin A1C  You want to stay away from fruits more likely to irritate your stomach such as those with tough skins or seeds. Check with your doctor to see how long you diet needs to be limited.  Although flaxseed makes a great addition to a healthy diet, I am not aware of a specific amount that has been found to decrease the symptoms you mention. It's best to see a dietitian who specializes in gastrointestinal (GI) issues or a doctor. For more on potential causes GI distress, see this  If you pay close attention to your diet, a sensible amount of weight gain would be about .5 to 1 pounds per week. Here are some tips: Eat frequently including 3 meals and 2-3 snacks. Include 4-5 food groups (dairy, protein, grains, fruit, vegetable and fat) at meals and 2-3 food groups at snacks Add nutrient and calorie-dense foods to your meals such as sliced avocado with salads or sandwiches, full fat dairy products, fruit smoothies with meals, chopped nuts in baked goods and topped on cereals and yogurt and nut butters on breads. Regular exercise and weight training can help your appetite and build muscle. For more tips on diet for healthy weight gain see this WebMD article. Good luck!  There is no research to show that the stomach shrinks when dieting or following a low calorie diet. The only way to decrease the size of the stomach is through surgery, which is certainly not for everyone. But by changing what and how you eat, you can change your appetite. For example, eating regular balanced meals at the table, not letting yourself get over hungry, fitting in regular exercise and getting adequate sleep, can go a long way towards curbing your appetite. Hunger is not a bad thing but something we all need to learn how to manage. Good luck!   You don't say whether or not you are overweight, which can be a factor, but I understand how hard it can be to make changes and not see the results you want. I think the biggest myth about eating healthy and exericse is that weight is a long-term motivator. When we focus solely on weight, we make more extreme changes for results and feel deprived and frustrated when we don't see results. I recommend you go see a registered dietitian for strategies on how to eat a balanced diet that is also satisfying (go to eatright.org to find one in your area). She/he can also help you troubleshoot your weight and help with appetite control (you shouldn't be hungry!). When you eat a healthy diet that matches your lifestyle and preferences, you'll continue to eat that way even when weight loss slows. A recent study showed that women who exercised because it made them feel good (quality of life), exercised more often than those who did it for weight and health. You are more likely to exercise, and keep at it, if you truly enjoy it and see the daily benefits including improved mood, better sleep and productivity. For more on this study, and my interview with the researcher, see this WebMD post http://blogs.webmd.com/food-and-nutrition/2011/11/the-1-health-mistake-nobody-knows-they-are-making.html Weight is one part of a healthy lifestyle. Don't let it stop you from being healthy and enjoying your life!  Because a low residue diet is one that is low in fiber, pepper is not typically excluded. If you have specific questions about your individual needs ask your doctor or dietitian.  The good news is your HDL is nice and high and that is protective against heart disease. It could be possible that what you ate the day before affected your LDL levels, but by how much is hard to say. It is generally recommended to consume your usual diet for 2 weeks before testing. If it is bothering you, get re-tested after eating your normal diet. For more on cholesterol levels, see this WebMD article.  I cannot find any research to show that low carbohydrate diets increase potassium levels. In fact, low carbohydrate diets tend to be low in potassium since it is found in plant foods including potatoes, fruits and vegetables. For more on source of potassium see this article. But potassium is also an electrolyte that can increase or decrease due to medical problems such as kidney and heart failure that aren't necessarily related to dietary intake. For the person with kidney damage (called renal failure), not yet on dialysis, high protein is not recommended. If you are concerned about your potassium levels, see your healthcare provider to see if something else is going on.  There could be a few different reasons why you bloat. Here are some ideas: Too much sodium can cause water retention that makes you feel bloated. Check the sodium of the meals you are consuming. Eating quickly (and too much) can also cause abdominal distention. Fat or rich foods that take longer to digest can increase bloating. It could be due to a lack of healthy bacteria in your gastro-intestinal tracts. Try adding fermented foods like yogurt and kefir or even a probiotic to see if it helps. There are certain foods that may be making you feel bloated. See this WebMD article for more of the details. If the bloating causes you problems, and isn't helped by any dietary changes, you should see your healthcare provider to rule out any medical causes. Best of luck to you!  I think the main question you need to ask is why is your son eating so little and not gaining weight? Is he a picky eater? Sensitive to textures? Has he been pressured to eat much of his life which can cause early satiety (fullness)? Does he exhibit red flags for an eating disorder? If there is an underlying problem, you need to work on that before the food part can get better. I highly recommend you see a pediatric dietitian to help you -- go to eatright.org to find one in your area. In the meantime, here are some other things you can at home: To answer your question, there is nothing magical about protein shakes that will help him gain weight. Instead, focus on increasing calories and nutrition where you can. You can try fruit smoothies with added protein (make sure he likes the taste)-- try fruit, whole fat yogurt, orange juice with added protein powder. Have regular meals and snacks at the table in a relaxing atmosphere and without pressuring him to eat. Include whole-fat dairy products such a whole milk, whole yogurt and cheese. Add fat to foods including avocado with sandwiches, oil to veggies and peanut butter on bread. Ensure adequate protien by including sources at meals and snacks (eggs, nuts, meat, beans and dairy) The key is always to address the problem at its root. Good luck!  If you are careful not to swallow it, and rinse well afterwards, it shouldn't count as sodium intake. Check with your dentist on how frequently you should be doing this.  The best thing to do if you are serious about weight loss surgery is to visit a bariatric surgeon's office. These clinics have a team of people including the surgeon, dietitian, psychologist and nurse. The doctor can inform you if he things you are a candidate from a safety perspective and sometimes insurance requires a 6-month program first. These professionals are experienced in helping people like you make the right decision.   to help you limit potassium and protein in your diet. Be sure to stay in touch with your doctor as your diet needs may change depending on your kidney function or various treatments (like starting dialysis).  Most people who eliminate up sugar have a hard time the first week or so and then feel better after that. The problem is that eventually most everyone who gives up sugar will eat it again -- and that is when the problems start. A better strategy might be to cut back on sugar -- and try to find more wholesome forms of sweet foods. Instead of fighting against your sweet tooth, which may cause the eventual "over-consumption," honor sweet cravings by finding more wholesome options. You can try a few squares of dark chocolate (be mindful and savor it) or bit of honey in your oatmeal that is topped with fruit and nuts. The result will be a diet that is much lower in sugar but higher in satisfaction. For more tips on dealing with sugar cravings, see this WebMD article. Good luck with your health journey!  A low residue diet is one that is low in fiber and hard-to-digest foods. Modified corn starch is used in food products as a thickening agent and is not the same as eating real corn. I see no reason why you couldn't consume products that contain this ingredient. If you are concerned, check with your healthcare provider. You also might want to see a registered dietitian as each person with IBD reacts differently to food. You can ask your doctor for a referral or go to eatight.org. Good luck!  The best thing to do is see a registered dietitian who can take your mother's dietary restrictions, food preferences and nutritional needs into account. While some online services might provide some guidelines, it does not replace a health professional with the knowledge and the ability to personalize information. Go to eatright.org to find a registered dietitian in your area. Good luck!   With careful planning, a vegan diet can meet the needs of your child. But you do have to be more vigilant about key nutrients such as iron, zinc, calcium, vitamin D, vitamin B12 and DHA. Because iron and zinc are not absorbed as well in plant foods, include higher-than-recommended amounts. Adding vitamin-C rich sources (strawberries, tomatoes/tomato based products, oranges, kiwi and broccoli) to help absorb iron from fortified foods and plant sources. Vegan children need a supplemental source of B12 (either fortified foods or supplements) because it only occurs naturally in animal foods. Here are vegan foods sources for key nutrients that are important to stay on top of: Vitamin B12: fortified nutritional yeast, fortified cereals, fortified soymilk, meat analogues and supplements. Iron: iron-fortified cereal, beans, tofu, spinach, raisins and enriched bread. Zinc: cashews, chickpeas, oatmeal, almonds, beans and peas (be careful with nuts which are choking hazards) Vitamin D: fortified foods (like soy milk) and supplements. The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends supplementation for children who don't get enough from diet. The recommended amount is 600IU. omega-3 DHA: Not naturally found in plant foods but can be found in some fortified foods and supplements. Calcium: tofu made with calcium sulfate, fortified soy milk/yogurt, turnip greens, kale, fortified cereals  Congrats on your recovery! I assume that you will maintain treatment but maybe to a lesser degree. Any changes to your diet should be brought up with your healthcare provider and/or treatment team as it can increase your risk of relapse.  People who lose large amounts of weight may end up having excess skin. Each person is different though, and it's hard to predict who is more vulnerable. Some people choose to have excess skin removed once they have maintained weight loss for a period of time. The key is to lose weight for your health and quality of life, and then you can decide what you want to do if there is extra skin.  Some chemo drugs can elevate blood sugar levels. It's important to talk to your doctors about whether or not you need to add medication during your cancer treatment to help keep blood sugars controlled.  Yes, brittle nails is a sign of inadequate nutrition along with thinning hair, low body weight, irregular or missed periods and always feeling cold. Her diet does not sound adequate in fat or calories.  I understand how frustrating it can be to try different diets only to not lose weight or gain it all back. It's important to remember you are not alone and most people have difficulty losing weight and keeping it off. In fact, a major review found that two thirds of people who diet not only gain their weight back but gain even more weight than when they started the diet. I'm not sure what your health is like or how much you need to lose, but you might want to consider a different approach. One that doesn't focus so much on weight  While there isn't one diet for reflux, there are some general diet recommendations. First, you want to avoid caffeine found in beverages like coffee and tea and foods like chocolate. Alcohol often makes reflux worse so keep intake minimal. You'll also want to note which foods make your symptoms worse. Common triggers include fatty foods, spicy foods, citrus fruits and products made with tomatoes. Some people can eat small amounts of certain items without an issue. Keep a food journal to be sure. For other lifestyle changes you can make, see this WebMD article.  T explains the science and that, yes, websites and blogs tend to focus on the diet soda and weight gain and weight gain angle, even though the evidence is scant. Studies show that when used with a reduced calorie diet, non-caloric drinks help people lose weight.  I'm sorry to hear you are having a hard time. Before going the medication route, which has not been shown to be very effective, I highly recommend you see a registered dietitian for guidance. You can ask your doctor or go to eatright.org to find a dietitian in your area. It's important for you to understand why this happened in the first place, so you can develop a plan that will be a long-term solution and not just result in short-term weight loss, followed by weight regain. A dietitian will work with your history, lifestyle and preferences to help you develop a realistic plan. Most people don't realize that dieting leads to weight gain over time. How you handle your weight now, can make a big difference in your lifelong health. I know it's frustrating to be carrying this extra weight, but you won't regret taking the time to choose an approach that gets to the root of the problem. For sensible tips on managing weight after baby, see this WebMD article .  There are lots of healthy ways to lose weight but the key is to determine you gained weight the the first place and work on Is it a lack of activity? Stress? Not planing meals? Poor cooking skills?  A clear liquid diet consists of clear fluids such as juice without pulp, broth, popsicles (no fruit pieces), plain gelatin, tea and coffee without cream. Always check with your healthcare provider on the specifics about when and how long you need to be on a clear liquid diet.  The paleo diet is not mainstream yet meaning most doctors probably wouldn't recommend it. This may change as the research grows. The benefits of the diet include a focus on whole foods over those that are highly processed such as cookies. It also focuses on vegetables and fruit along with lean meats, fish and nuts. The question part is that it excludes two food groups and one class of protein foods -- dairy products, grains and beans. According to one assessment, a carefully planned Paleo diet can meet most needs except for calcium (671mg) and vitamin D but provides 4 times the RDA for protein and less than is recommended for total carbohydrates. Supplementation may be needed. And we don't know the long-term risk of a diet so high in animal protein as some research suggests it may have adverse health risks (see latest study). Also, there's the reality that while it may bring great results in terms of weight loss, it may be challenging to adhere to long-term especially if you like the foods that aren't allowed.  Following a low carb diet and restricting calories can cause hair loss or changes in growth, which could be why your hair has changed. Hair needs sufficient calories and nutrients to grow. It's important when you cut out food groups, like fruit and grains, that you replace nutrients in those foods like B vitamins and vitamin C. Extreme low carb diets are not recommended long-term. Remember that carbohydrates are thebody's preferred fuel source and it plays an important role in good health.  It sounds like you are ready to make a change, which is good. I do not recommend dieting at this age as you are still growing and research shows dieting (especially at younger ages) is associated with weight gain over the long run. Instead of losing weight, I highly recommend focusing on creating a healthy lifestyle that is sustainable. Speak with your parents about having everyone in the family eat well and exercise. Have regular meals with plenty of fruits, vegetables, lean meats, low fat dairy, whole grains and healthy fats. A low carb diet means your diet will be deficient in key nutrients you need to grow and that includes calcium and vitamin D for bone growth. A recent study showed that young adults who ate intuitively, focusing on hunger and fullness cues, weighed less than those who had more controlled eating styles. So eat regular meals at the table, stop when comfortably full and create healthy habits. You may not lose weight fast, but the healthy habits will lead to weight that's right for your body type. Seeing a pediatric dietitian can also help as they know what nutrients you need during this last stage of growth. To find a dietitian near you go to eatright.org. For more on teen nutrition, see this WebMD article.  Hello,  Absolutely not. Lifting weights will not only help you lose weight, but maintain the loss. Here's why: Muscle keeps your metabolism revved up, burning calories, fat, and glucose (sugar). When you lose weight, up to 25% of the loss may come from muscle, resulting in a slower metabolism. Weight lifting will help preserve or rebuild any muscle you lose by dieting. Muscle helps you with aerobic exercise. The stronger you are, the better you will be at any aerobic activity. Weight training improves your body's muscle-to-fat ratio (you end up with less body fat and more muscle), which improves both your health and your fitness level. Gaining muscle will help you look better as you define and tone your physique. Building strength helps you feel good about yourself. Although the scale may show a slight weight gain when you start lifting weights (usually five pounds or less), you probably won't look heavier because the gain is in muscle, and your clothes may even fit more loosely.   Running certainly does burn lots of calories, and if you're running regularly, you might decide not to eat as much figuring why do it if you're putting all that energy into running. But even if you ran a marathon every day, you wouldn't lose weight unless you consumed fewer calories than you burned. The bottom line to losing weight is burning more calories than you consume, no matter how much exercise you do.  The first goal of dieting is to stop further weight gain. The next goal is to establish realistic weight loss goals. While the ideal weight corresponds to a BMI of 20-25, this is difficult to achieve for many people. Thus success is higher when a goal is set to lose 10% to 15% of baseline weight as opposed to 20% to 30% or greater. It is also important to remember that any weight reduction in an obese person would result in health benefits. One effective way to lose weight is to eat fewer calories. One pound is equal to 3500 calories. In other words, you have to burn 3500 more calories than you consume to lose one pound. Most adults need between 1200- 2800 calories/day, depending on body size and activity level to meet the body's energy needs. If you skip that bowl of ice cream, then you will be one-seventh of the way to losing that pound! Losing one pound per week is a safe and reasonable way to target off extra pounds. The higher the initial weight of a person, the more quickly he/she will achieve weight loss. This is because for every one kilogram (2.2 pounds) of body weight, approximately 22 calories are required to maintain that weight. So for a woman weighing 100 kilograms (220 pounds), he or she would require about 2200 calories a day to maintain his or her weight, while a person weighing 60 kilograms (132 pounds) would require only about 1320 calories. If both ate a calorie-restricted diet of 1200 calories per day, the heavier person would loose weight faster. Age also is a factor in calorie expenditure. Metabolic rate tends to slow as we age, so the older a person is, the harder it is to lose weight. There is controversy in regard to carbohydrates and weight loss. When carbohydrates are restricted, people often experience rapid initial weight loss within the first two weeks. This weight loss is due mainly to fluid loss. When carbohydrates are added back to the diet, weight gain often occurs, simply due to a regain of the fluid. General diet guidelines for achieving and (just as importantly) maintaining a healthy weight: A safe and effective long-term weight reduction and maintenance diet has to contain balanced, nutritious foods to avoid vitamin deficiencies and other diseases of malnutrition. Eat more nutritious foods that have "low energy density." Low energy dense foods contain relatively few calories per unit weight (fewer calories in a large amount of food). Examples of low energy dense foods include vegetables, fruits, lean meat, fish, grains, and beans. For example, you can eat a large volume of celery or carrots without taking in many calories. Eat less "energy dense foods." Energy dense foods are high in fats and simple sugars. They generally have a high calorie value in a small amount of food. The United States government currently recommends that a healthy diet should have less than 30% fat. Fat contains twice as many calories per unit weight than protein or carbohydrates. Examples of high-energy dense foods include red meat, egg yolks, fried foods, high fat/sugar fast foods, sweets, pastries, butter, and high fat salad dressings. Also cut down on foods that provide calories but very little nutrition, such as alcohol, non-diet soft drinks, and many packaged high-calorie snack foods. About 55% of calories in the diet should be from complex carbohydrates. Eat more complex carbohydrates such as brown rice, whole-grain bread, fruits and vegetables. Avoid simple carbohydrates such as table sugars, sweets, doughnuts, cakes, and muffins. Cut down on non-diet soft drinks, these sugary soft drinks are loaded with simple carbohydrates and calories. Simple carbohydrates cause excessive insulin release by the pancreas, and insulin promotes growth of fat tissue. Educate yourself in reading food labels and estimating calories and serving sizes. Consult your doctor before starting any dietary changes. You doctor should prescribe the amount of daily calories in your diet.  Liposuction isn't weight loss surgery. It is cosmetic surgery. You do lose fat cells, but the most is 6-8 pounds of fat, and most doctors take out less since it is dangerous to take out more. In fact, you might even retain water after the surgery which could increase weight. And if you do consume more calories then you burn you will gain weight, liposuction or not. The point is this. If you do not continue with, or start lifestyle changes, like regular exercise and consuming the same or fewer calories than you burn, then you will gain weight. Liposuction simply is not a substitute for these things and doesn't magically cause weight loss. You can ask the doctor how much fat was removed and get the weight of it, and if you have another procedure that would add to it, but again, if you're loooking for significant weight loss, liposuction will not do that.  Congratulations! It sounds like you are doing an excellent job with your lifestyle changes. Diet and exercise are the cornerstones of treating both heart disease and diabetes. But at the same time, there are many studies that show that taking statins after a heart attack can actually help prevent future heart attacks as well. A major study called the CARE trial showed that people who were on statins for at least 5 years after a heart attack were less likely to need further procedures, such as bypass surgery or stents. They were also less likely to die from heart disease. Statins can help keep plaque from building up in the arteries, including those around the heart. In some cases, they can actually cause a regression of the plaque. A statin may also help stabilize this plaque so that it is less likely to break and cause a blood clot. A blood clot in an artery on the heart wall is what causes most heart attacks. It is very important that you work closely with your doctor. Your lipid levels and other risk factors should continue to be carefully monitored. Talk to your doctor about any concerns you have about your medications. Working together, you will be able to come up with a long term treatment plan that is right for you. Keep up the great work!  It sounds like you have your work cut out for you! But the good news is that there are many good-tasting healthy foods that will fit the bill. You should start with some good basic gluten free recipes-like the ones found in our Gluten-Free Recipes Directory . Look them over and pick the ones that do not contain meat. And start cooking! There are many types of vegetarian dietsones that include eggs and dairy or vegan options that do not include any animal products at all. If you choose ovo-lacto (eggs and dairy) vegetarianism, just be sure to use only low-fat dairy in your cooking. Eggs can be part of a healthy low fat dietjust dont go overboard. It is the yolk that has the cholesterol. So switch to the egg whites whenever you can. And you can use olive oil as a healthier alternative to the animal fats. If you are changing your diet because of health issues, such as heart disease, diabetes, celiac disease or high cholesterol, talk to a dietitian. They are a wealth of information. Many insurance companies will even help cover the visit. Detailed information about a gluten-free diet is also available at the Celiac Disease Foundation website http://www.celiac.org/. Also, make sure you talk to your doctor before starting any new diet.  If you're really sticking to it, a good plan will produce 10% weight loss in three to four months and up to 20% weight loss at one year. A less ambitious effort will typically produce 5% weight loss in three to four months and 10% weight loss at a year. People often say that losing one to two pounds a week should be your goal. But I typically see more than that in the short term and less than that in the long term. It doesn't really worry me if someone's losing three to four pounds a week at the outset.  ... Standard guidelines recommend a general approach of starting with lifestyle modification (eating and exercise) and then adding medications if blood sugar levels are not adequately controlled. If diabetes is newly diagnosed because a patient presents with symptoms of high blood sugar (such as excess thirst, excess urination, blurry vision, etc.) then we typically use medication immediately to bring the blood sugar closer to normal and alleviate the symptoms. Furthermore, metformin is approved to use in prediabetes to delay or prevent the onset of type 2 diabetes, and one can justify using metformin in anyone with type 2 diabetes or prediabetes. The threshold for starting medication can therefore be any point between A1c of about 5.9 to 7.0. Once the A1c is higher than 7.0 it is harder to justify delaying medication. In any case, doctors and patients need to have discussions about the benefits, risks, and drawbacks of using medications, and these benefits, risks, and drawbacks change depending on the degree of glucose control and the type of drug(s) being considered. Personally, I start to think about starting metformin if a patient cant keep the A1c below 6.5. If someone wants to use lifestyle change and weight loss to reduce medication I usually discontinue the sulfonylurea type drugs (glyburide, glipizide) if the blood sugar levels start to dip below around 70-80 mg/dL, or the A1c goes below 6.5. I like to stop the metformin once the A1c stays below 6.0 for about 3 months, provided that the patient can maintain or extend the weight loss and lifestyle changes.  I do think the exercise part is important. Perhaps not as important as eating properly, but still important. People with obesity who exercise and who have a good level of cardiovascular fitness can be as healthy or even healthier than people without obesity who do not exercise. The health benefits are much more than what we can see with a scale. Exercise is not entirely without risk (due to overuse injury, etc.) but the benefits always outweigh the risks, even in severe obesity.  What we know now is some great studies have been done within the last two years about the relationship between sleep and weight loss and weight gain. There are two hormones in particular, that have specific amount to do with appetite. Another thing we know about sleep deprivation is that your metabolism slows down. Well, if you have a slow metabolism, youre not burning fuel efficiently, so its going into fat storage and fat deposits, and again, causing more weight gain. We also know with sleep deprivation, we have increased levels of cortisol. Well, that can be another problem which causes more appetite. Heres the most fascinating part about the research I think. All those other things aside, when youre sleep deprived, if I was to lay out a healthy snack for you, or a very non healthy, sugary snack for you, youd gun for the sugary food. You would go for the less healthy food, so your food choice is even affected by sleep deprivation. How? They are not 100% sure how, but that craving that youre having seems to be more towards a comfort food which tends to be high carbohydrate, high sugar, high fat.  We know that high cholesterol is one of the major risk factors for atherosclerosis. In the May 10th edition of Archives of Internal Medicine, researchers found that eating nuts improves blood lipid levels, which may help stave off heart disease. In a pooled analysis of 25 intervention trials, eating an average of 67 grams of nuts a day (2.4 ounces) reduced total cholesterol by 5.9% and LDL cholesterol by 7.4% (P<0.001 for both), according to Joan Sabat, MD, DrPH, of Loma Linda University in California and colleagues. In 2003, the FDA allowed a qualified health claim that evidence suggests  but does not prove - that eating 1.5 ounces (43 grams) of nuts per day as part of a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol reduces coronary heart disease risk. The government allows the claim on dietary labeling for specific nuts, including almonds, hazelnuts, pecans, pistachios, walnuts, peanuts and some pine nuts. Walnuts and almonds have been most comprehensively studied. Epidemiological studies have linked nut consumption with a reduced risk of coronary heart disease, and many dietary intervention trials have studied the effects of nut consumption on blood lipid levels. Most clinical trials evaluating the impact of nuts on lipid profiles have been small scale (10-49 participants). LDL-C (the bad cholesterol) reduction has been consistently shown in these small-scale studies, typically in the range of 12-13%. Though less consistent, triglyceride reduction was shown. However, HDL-C (the good cholesterol) generally remained unchanged. One must always remember that these studies are far too small to establish any guidelines and there certainly is not one ounce of level one outcome data regarding the effect on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The American Dietetics Association evidence library concludes, consumption of 50-113 grams (1/2 cup to 1 cup) of nuts daily with a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol decreased total cholesterol by 4-21% and LDL-C by 6-29% when weight was not gained. Although the decrease in LDL cholesterol in the current analysis is modest compared with that seen with statins, the value of regular nut consumption for coronary heart disease prevention is unlikely due to the blood cholesterol-lowering effect alone, Sabat and his colleagues wrote. The authors of the current study felt that, nut consumption exerts beneficial effects by improving endothelial function, lowering oxidative stress, and reducing lipoprotein(a) level. I have previously written about lipoprotein(a). Aside from the fatty acid composition of nuts, other components such as arginine, plant sterols and phenolic components may play a favorable role in the lowering of lipid levels for those who eat nuts as a regular part of their diet. In the current study, the researchers performed a pooled analysis of raw data from 25 intervention trials conducted in seven countries that included 583 men and women with normolipidemia or hypercholesterolemia. None of the participants was taking lipid-lowering medications. Sample size ranged from 10 to 49. All of the dietary interventions were exclusively nuts  mostly almonds and walnuts  and ranged in duration from three to eight weeks. Quantities ranged from 23 to 132 grams per day, with a mean of 67 grams. The interventions resulted in the following mean reductions (with percentage changes), regardless of the type of nut used (P<0.001 for all): Total cholesterol: 10.9 mg/dL (5.1%) LDL cholesterol: 10.2 mg/dL (7.4%) Ratio of LDL to HDL cholesterol: 0.22 (8.3%) Ratio of total to HDL cholesterol: 0.24 (5.6%)  There are many possible causes of kidney pain. Your doctor would need to examine you to figure out what's going on. The description of your symptoms does not point to any obvious cause of your pain, so call your doctor and get checked.  Diet, exercise, and especially weight loss if needed are the first things to try. If you are doing all you can in those areas, then the only other thing that will have a significant effect is medicine. Fish oil supplements may help but the evidence for them is conflicting with over-the-counter supplements and your triglycerides aren't high enough for prescription fish oil. You could try to work with a personal trainer and a nutritionist to see if you can optimize your program to lower your triglycerides even more. Otherwise, medicines may be your best option.  Go to your pharmacist to learn about the drugs you are taking not physicians. Physicians only receive a few hours of pharmacology education. They get their education from the Pharm Reps who you see sitting in their offices waiting to see them. Pretty scary but true.  Rod Moser, PA, PhD, Thank you very much for your answer. I'm going to try doing some aerobics first. I looked at some photos from when I was around 5-6 years old and I already had this. Plus I was overweight just like I am still a bit now. I know a year when I weighted 80KG my male breasts were a lot bigger than they are now(there is a lot of "extra skin". Again, thank you for your answer.  Hi, OK Butter is good for you, animal fat is good for you, but taken within reasonable amounts. Its the fats in fast foods and junk foods we need to keep away from and along with unhealthy cakes and sweets ice creams. Your brain needs some fat to help it work, the rest gets used round our body's. As for cals, I would keep them down around 1800 to 2000, unless you in a job that burns of that amount of cals. Do hope some of this helps. Good Luck  Hi I did some research for you and come up with this link to the Mayo clinic, your find its very good. Good Luck The Link, http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/gallbladder-removal-diet/MY01815  Hi to remove plaque from your blood try cayenne pepper, have a read on www.cayennepepper,info there's some great info on cayenne pepper and how to take it. But I take cayenne pepper for help with ED, You need to mix it with tomato paste, to a heat that suits you, after you start it, if you go that way, after some time you can increase the heat. But it will make you feel good as you start using it, you can also add fine chopped garlic into it, the garlic is also very good for our blood. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  To Lightingguy, yes that all he needs is a bottle expensive Man ! man oil, now let me guess you work for Man 1 Man somehow you seem to push it a lot, tell you what your going to be reported, your just advertising.  Hi, First you are your best drug for this problem, if you are to be king of you domain. Its very simple thing to do, just go to www,pegym.com look under exercises, and your looking for edging, its on page 2, once you get this going your be able to last all night, your be your new wife's real lover. Do hope edging dose it for you. Good Luck  Hi And not being any king of diet expert, I cant think of anything that your now eating that would do this, so the only thing you can sensible do is, come off it for a month and see if there is any change, to back the same way as it was? But have you thought of as its now nice and wavy, which some women would die for, have it cut to match what kind of hair you now have. Hope this helps a bit. Good Luck  Hi, OK you have not said from were the leak is coming from? So here we go, if its anal just get some sanitary towels and wear one in your pants. If its from your penis wear a sock on it, for some extra protection. Do this till you have an answer. Good Luck  Hi, Milk is part of a balanced diet, you would need to add to much to milk to do it the other way round Just google balanced diet, have a good look at the images, try getting all that into a pint of milk, for one you wont, its to involved. Just keep it to the first sentence. Good Luck  Hi your find its the junk they put into it, this is giving you your real problems. Just give it up and drink water, its far better for you, if you want to add something to it just give it a squeeze of lemon or lime. Good Luck  Hi Just make sure its a good natural yogurt like Greek yogurt, would go great with your fruit. Good Luck  Hi You should find this helps you. What exactly is Ketosis? The metabolic state of ketosis simply means that the quantity of ketone bodies in the blood have reached higher than normal levels. When the body is in a ketogenic state this means that lipid energy metabolism is intact. This means that the body will start breaking down your own body fat to fuel the body's normal, every day functions. Its from this site, more to read there with lots of help, your also see the ups and downs. http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/keto.htm Just copy into google to the www. To open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Not sure, it could be the sweetener, but if this is what you get, just why do you keep drinking it? These sweeteners are not very good for you, can give you kidney problems. Good Luck PS take a tip just stick to bottled water.  Hi I would suggest 5 days 1200 and 2 days on 500, 600 each day is very low, to be able to exercise we need something in side us to create energy, energy burns cals and build muscle. The 500 days you can get by just eating lots of fruit, but no bananas, each one is around a 100 cals. Give yourself a goal to get down to, end of the day its all down to breaking habits in the way we eat, and lots of self control. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK you get off all fast and junk foods eat healthy, get out and do a brisk walk first thing every morning, also swimming a couple of times a week. After a couple of weeks walking get a rucksack add in some weight 5 pounds at a time, sand in a plastic bag will do Find one of these extreme work outs and get on one of those, its exercise that really works best. Do this save all that calorie counting. Good Luck  Hi Try getting more fibre in your diet, it should help, but may give you some more gas, getting gas is not so bad we all get it. So keep away from fast foods and junk foods, there full of salt and sugars. Think all the time, we are what we eat. Try drinking extra water, this your find will help things move quicker, that's if you get some extra fibre going. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Any kind of vaginal odour you will find comes from a yeast infection, now your doctor can give you meds for this, or there's OTC drugs from your chemist/drug store. Ant there is the sea salt way, you use a couple of handfuls of sea salt in a warm bath twice a day for a week, this should get rid of your problem unless it dose not want to go then you have a look at this link for extra help. The Link, http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy into google to open and read Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi I think you need more help than just a diet, see the list below, its all of these you need to be doing, thats if you smoke and drink. You can take steps to prevent high blood pressure by: losing weight if you need to exercising regularly eating a healthy diet cutting back if you drink a lot of alcohol stopping smoking cutting down on salt and caffeine For more help have a look on this site for cayenne pepper, look up the page on HBP your find it very interesting, The Link, http://www.cayennepepper.info/health-benefits-of-cayenne-pepper.html Also google natural ways out of HBP, on here your find lots of ways you can do it. Do hopr this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, It's not known exactly why the ducts become blocked, but some cases have been linked to bacterial infections. Bacteria are known to sometimes infect existing cysts, causing an abscess to develop. If you do not have any noticeable symptoms, it's unlikely you will need treatment. If the cyst is painful, your GP may recommend some simple self-care measures, such as soaking the cyst in warm water several times a day for three or four days. Several treatments are available to treat any pain or infection and drain the cyst if necessary. Most of these treatments involve a minor surgical procedure. However, Bartholin's cysts are estimated to recur after treatment in about one in every five women. You Could try this, is to apply a salt compress, this helps draw any pus to the surface & it's cleansing. It can always takes a few days though. You could try some brewers yeast, vitamin B is good for the vagina, helps keep you wet. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have you done a pregnancy test yet, then it would stop all the guessing? Good Luck  Hi Its ok but you really need to be good on calorie counting, and looking for ideas that leave out all what he says, its quite simple when you really get into it, now this is were the computer will come to the front, try looking at the 5:2 diet its a start, this one is were you have only 500 cals twice a week, I'm just saying look for ideas, try the BBC cooking pages, you should find low cal ideas there as well. Try looking up the cabbage diet, and just use some of it, I do this, you just make up a gallon of veg, its good fun, if you can do it, its not just cabbage, some, with loads of mixed veg, but no peas or beans, I use passata as a bass and some tinned toms, work from there, very filling, just add different flavours with each bowl, this should help. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think your find that the main product comes from Japan, and your find its a mix of shell fish shells and oyster shell would just be a very small part, to small to worry about. But I would go with your endocrinologist. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think like before, its just skipped period, and this could be from this extra work load you have been doing and including the exercise. If your not getting any pains, or any other signs. Just see how it goes. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I found this link, which may help on one or two questions, http://www.myfitnesspal.com/topics/show/735908-mirena-iud-and-weight-gain Now as for the cyst increase you have not said were they are, but if your really worried about your problems, you could think about having it removed. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Female? male? What ever, but try doing 5 days on 1200 and 2 on 500 cal's but mix them up, but try doing some extreme workouts, this could be what you want, these really burn of the fat. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This sounds like the round in your lower back has moved and now pressing against a nerve, that could be the reason your now wetting your self. Good Luck  Hi Just seen this bit about ribbon stools, and this tweaked something at the back of my mind. So found you this link, somehow I hope it does help. The Link, http://coloncancer.about.com/od/coloncancerbasics/a/Colon-Cancer-And-Thin-Stools.htm Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi For a male it should be 1500 a day, but you could do two days a week on 500, you be surprised what you can eat for that, even do a fruits day feels you up, but keep of the bananas on that day, but you could also do a banana and milk day. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi your find its the artificial sweetener they put in them, it not very good for you, have a read on the can and google it with, side effects, bet you wont like what comes up. Good Luck  Hi Just get back on your diet, if need be just do a fruit day after doing that, but no bananas, this may help you and yes go for a long brisk walk, doing this is really good for you. But sometimes if you have been on a diet for a long time it can help relax you, apart from being bloated, can give the diet a kick start if its stuck. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you have a kidney problem, have a look at this link, its very helpful. The Link, http://www.davita.com/kidney-disease/diet-and-nutrition/lifestyle/15-kidney-friendly-protein-foods-for-keeping-albumin-up/e/7804 Do hope this helps you. good Luck  Hi Well its just your body make up, you were born a skinny person and your find that's it. Some may say just what a lucky person you are, you can eat anything you like and never gain an once, you could sell you genes. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi First have a look on www.cayennepepper.info your find that this can help with the prostate health, and other info for cayenne pepper and the human body. www.altpenis.com, click on prostate cancer, down the bottom of this page click on dealing with enlarged prostate, now going down both of these pages your find loads of ideas for help, its just a case of going down your chosen route for help and the health of your prostate. Just cope each one into google, sorry there not click on links. So Omar hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi Seeing as you have come of coffee cold turkey, this could be your body reacting to that, I would give it a few more days, see if it gets back to what you would call normal, if not then see your doctor. Good Luck  Hi Just stick to natural juices then, you can mix them with carbonated spring water, your find this would make them more interesting. If you use a good apple juice with the spring water comes out like cider. Perhaps its just your system and sugar based drinks, not forgetting some of these or most of them use corn based syrups, perhaps it this that's giving you your problem. Good Luck  Hi and welcome to the world of male patient baldness, that's it wave goodbye, and perhaps even cry a little. Now's the time you think of two things, you can either move your parting down to just above you ear, and comb it all over the top, but I do think when you see these guys they do look a bit sad, or just do the manly thing and have your hair cut short. You could try some of these sprays, and spray it back in. But one last thing, it wont grow back, sorry. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, OK this is were self control comes into it, just eat anything that is healthy, keep to just natural foods, natural nuts, raw veg and dips, fruits, and keep away from alcohol. Just keep to that and things should be OK Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Im not a diabetic, but I did work with a guy for a year who was and he controlled his by diet, saved going the insulin way, which he said people only did that because they were lazy, for him it kept his sex life going, diabetes drugs have a side effect of ED. So yes it can be done below I have put together some links all about diet for diabetes, the last one you may also find very interesting. Do hope these all give some help. Good Luck http://www.joybauer.com/type-2-diabetes.aspx http://medweb.bham.ac.uk/easdec/prevention/diet%20and%20diabetes.htm https://www.diabetes.org.uk/Guide-to-diabetes/Managing-your-diabetes/Healthy-eating--herbal-supplements/ http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21705068 http://www.earthclinic.com/CURES/diabetes-type-ii-treatment.html  Hi Do you mean your getting T shots? You could try getting out and exercise this would help boost you up and increase your energy, if you can do some weight lifting this will also boost your Ts back up the natural way, the trouble with some of these treatments, they can shut down you own ts, and you will need to be on treatment for the rest of your life. But just eating a good healthy diet, will always boost our energy. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Yes a metallic taste in the mouth is part of it. Dose this help you. Good Luck  Hi Just google fad diets good or bad, your find lots of info there. Me I'm a cabbage diet fan, which you should find is a fad diet, but it works for me, you just need to get your head round it for 7 days, take a week off, eat sensibly, then go for it again, its good for detoxing as well, cleans your system out, your see bits about just eating cabbage, but you do a whole mix of veg. You can find that out if you google the cabbage diet. But please have fun. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you just kick the diet soda habit, yes things will get better for you. Just stick to water. Good Luck  Hi Just google natural ways out of high cholesterol, your find lots of help, also try this site www.cayennepepper.info your read on there how it will clean your blood of plaque, this then helps get your cholesterol down, Try this mix CP with tomato paste and thin with olive oil, just at first mix to a heat that suits you, as you go on you can up the CP, you take 3 small spoonful each morning and wash each one down with water, for extra help try adding fine chopped garlic, this is very good for your blood, just mix one spoonful on top of the CP mix, do this first thing in the morning, I do it every day, your find in the winter its very warming.. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, To get your power back and your ejaculating is hitting the ceiling again, you need to start doing some Kegels, for this exercise just google pegym, on the just look under exercises and you will find Kegels, you should find after a few weeks thins will be back to normal, then you can just do some each week. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi First just come off green tea till you tongue has got normal again, two things your neither drinking it to hot, and drinking to much a day, you can overdo it with green tea. Yes green tea is very good for us, but within limitations, you really need to research green tea and the amounts you can drink. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes its possible that you have gained weight after coming off the pill. Then with some women they do lose it again, and some just cant get rid of it. Why others lose weight from the start of coming off the pill, then put it back on again. So coming of the pill is a bit of a mine field, with weight gain or lose, its all to do with your genes, and not forgetting your hormones, and the hormones the pill was putting into your body. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This is from the Mayo Clinic. For someone who doesn't have diabetes, a normal A1C level can range from 4.5 to 6 percent. Someone who's had uncontrolled diabetes for a long time might have an A1C level above 8 percent. When the A1C test is used to diagnose diabetes, an A1C level of 6.5 percent or higher on two separate tests indicates you have diabetes. A result between 5.7 and 6.4 percent is considered prediabetes, which indicates a high risk of developing diabetes. For most people who have previously diagnosed diabetes, an A1C level of 7 percent or less is a common treatment target. Higher targets may be chosen in some individuals. If your A1C level is above your target, your doctor may recommend a change in your diabetes treatment plan. Remember, the higher your A1C level, the higher your risk of diabetes complications. Your find more at this link. http://www.mayoclinic.org/tests-procedures/a1c-test/basics/results/prc-20012585 If this dose not show blue, just copy into google to the www. To open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS yes get exercising and look up what to eat to get back on track, try googling the diabetes diet, you should find all the help you need.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Your find that this is the big problem of losing weight if have really put on the pounds, and if its be a long period then yes you will get lose skin, but before you go off and get it trimmed back, first make sure your at the weight you want to be, this procedure is not cheap, and when that lose skin goes, you will lose the odd couple of pounds more. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Not quite sure here is it one or both? sounds like it could be what we call in England policeman's heel, see your doctor, and if so you will need cortisone injection, and this ahs to be in the sole of your foot, its a bit like standing on a drawing pin, but you have to wait for the doctor to pull it out, ouch, had it done on both of mine at times. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you think about it, her organs and stomach have been moved around, they just need to get back into place, then she will pass gas, and by the sound of it, lots, I think your know when it starts working again. But walking around will help, also tell to stretch her arms upwards this will help as well, and twisting if she can. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi It can be done but your going to have to go dig out super market bins, they tend to throw away food that's just going out of date, some gets sent away the rest goes out in the bin along with vegetables they think no longer can be sold, with luck you may even find some bread. They say if you can do it your live like a lord. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I had a friend in the UK did all his diabetes control just by diet, worked for him, for many years. Good Luck  Hi Only wish there was, but think about plastic surgery. Any help. Good Luck  Hi Well I think the same, its full fat you need, full fat milk, full fat butter, full fat yogurt, but keep away from fast foods and junk foods, but also eat some good fibre foods, we always need them, pasta is good at putting the weight back on, but just do it slowly, don't bulk up to quick. Do hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi Your not that far over the top, there are lots of ways of bringing it down even before you think of statins, these you don't really want to take, more later. Google natural ways out of high cholesterol, you can start taken a 50/50 mix of cayenne pepper and turmeric these will help clean plaque out of your blood, this is a good start, just read up about both for lowering cholesterol. I do take them daily for keeping my blood clean as a way over ED, I mix both into tomato paste and keep it thinned down with olive oil for you to start with, first mix only to a heat that suits you, then overtime you can build it up, take it 3 times a day for 2 weeks, then 2 week twice a day, then just once a day, first thing in the morning. You take 3 teaspoons and wash each one down with water. To also help add very fine chopped garlic, mixed with dried parsley and olive oil, do a whole head in a 6oz jar, keep both in the fridge. OK Statins have a read on www.spacedoc.com, its not a joke site, its full of facts, lots to read and take in. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Get to a good woman O.B.G.Y.N. You may require a D & C.  Have you tried taking benadryl that works for me.  As a red-blooded adult who has lost and gained 30 over 4 times and has struggles his whole life with weight problems I can see where you are coming from. I am not sure if I can help you. but I can tell you is the story of how I lost and kept off 50 pounds. What I did that really helped my out was going to a doctor and asking him how many calories I should be eating a day with moderate exorcise (walking 3 miles). The doctor placed me at around 1400-2000 calories. On average I consumed over 1350 calories a day. NONE of those calories came from junk food, I completely cut that out of my life. In the mornings I would grab my dog and go for a brisk or casual walk around my local nature trail. After I got come I would drink as much water as i wanted (water helps a lot when losing weight). Believe it or not the most helpful thing i did when losing weight was eating right (no junk food) and moderate exorcise. If every healthy person followed this healthy life style, they WILL lose weight. No exceptions. Period. There are no excuses for a healthy person to not be losing weight. I hope you the best of luck!   There are upper body cardio excises you can do with weights and a medicine ball. There's a you tuber named Mario Ramone, who can help with ways to do exercises while sitting. I watch his videos to find out ways I can do excises while sitting, because I have knee aliments. You can also try getting a kefty for your workout. http://kefty.com There are other videos that provide examples of excesses one can do in a wheelchair.  well this is a symptom of many things, feeling weak, feeble. before making any conclusions, you could make a few change to your lifestyle. like diet, exercise and substance abuse. try eating more raw plant material like vegetables, less processed foods and meats. kick out the pepsi colas and nutter butters. work out more, not to intensely though, if this is caused by something other than a sedentary lifestyle, try to overexert yourself. really try to analyze yourself a little more. keep a food journal, catalog everything you eat in a day, serving sizes, and include annotations about how you're feeling on each day, and your energy levels.  As a 41-year-old-woman, when you think of supplements, you consider age, gender, family medical history, your medical history, and your specific lifestyle habits (exercise and nutrition). The key is to try to get what you can from whole foods in nutrition. And, to do regular exercise (optimally getting in about 30 minutes with some intensity, for sure). Why? This allows your body to optimize its own physiology so that you can boost immune function and live your best life. That being said, studies show that it's tough for most people to get what they need from their usual sources of everyday nutrition. I'd definitely check in with your medical team and discuss supplements as they know your history and can help guide you. And, as we get a bit older, we have special needs. So, a multivitamin that includes iron if you're still menstruating is a basic supplement for most women your age. Fish oil is excellent for many reasons and you want to add at the minimum 1000 mg. Your medical team may want to increase that based on your history (family and personal) of heart disease. Calcium fortified with Vit D is a must to prevent osteoporosis. Clearly you want to consume calcium-rich foods like dairy, but most women do need more and thus the supplement. I would add Vit D at 1000 IU as new studies have shown that our current RDA is probably too low. Vit D (as Vit D3 or cholecalciferol) has been shown to be remarkably helpful in boosting immune function all 'round. These are the basics. Before taking anything more and turning yourself into a science fair project, sit down with your physician and discuss. And please get that physical activity and whole food lifestyle goin'.  In a new study published in Radiology, German researchers have proclaimed that they can use MRI and MR spectroscopy imaging to actually predict who will benefit most from lifestyle changes. The answer involves how much intra-abdominal and liver fat you have. The scientists performed MRI scans on 243 (99 men, mean age 47 years, and 144 women, mean age 44 years) before and after nine months of a healthy lifestyle-intervention program, with a goal of shedding 5 percent of original body weight. The participants reduced their fat intake to no more than 30 percent of total calories, and walked at least three hours per week while generally engaging in moderate physical activity each day. All of the study subjects were considered at risk for developing type 2 diabetes. They had a BMI of 27 or greater, impaired glucose tolerance and/or a first-degree relative with type 2 diabetes. In addition to the MRI scans, researchers also measured insulin sensitivity, since people who have type 2 diabetes dont respond appropriately to insulin (a hormone secreted by the pancreas that is crucial to glucose metabolism). After nine months in the healthier lifestyle program, scientists found that: * 71% of the men and 58% of the women experienced improved insulin sensitivity, and along with this they shed lots of intra-abdominal fat (19% reduced in women, 20% in men), and liver fat (35% reduced in women, 44% in men), while the overall body weight decreased by 3-5%. * The study subjects who fared the best with shedding fat started out with lower baseline levels of intra-abdominal and liver fat. * Participants who did not experience an improvement in insulin sensitivity dropped much smaller amounts of intra-abdominal fat (4% reduced in women, 6% in men), while men shed 15% of their liver fat and women actually gained 22% more liver fat. Here are some take-home messages to help guide you on your quest to live your best healthy lifestyle: 1. Its not just how fat you are, but its where the fat is at that counts. Fat that is carried primarily on the lower half of the body (hips, thighs, buttocks), is metabolically different than intra-abdominal and liver fat. Excessive inner belly fat is highly associated with a higher risk of heart disease, type 2 diabetes and some cancers. It is also associated with an increased level of inflammation, which is often a precursor to these medical conditions. 2. Mind your middle. Grab a tape measure right now and whip it around your tummy across your belly button. Your goal is to keep your waist size under 35" for women, and below 40" if youre a guy. Want to know if youve got too much inner belly fat? First, look in the mirror. If youre more apple shaped (versus pear shape), you may have too much intra-abdominal fat. Second, lay down on your back on a flat surface. Intra-abdominal fat doesnt move since its wedged underneath your abdominal muscle. Simply look down and if your belly is protruding like youre pregnant (this includes you guys), then you have excessive inner belly fat. If you have a normal amount of inner belly fat, you should be pretty flat across your pelvic bones. 3. Practice girth control. Clearly, the best way to manage your intra-abdominal fat is to prevent weight gain in the first place. It becomes much easier to pack on the pounds inside your abdomen after the age of 40. If youve already accumulated fat inside your abdomen, heres how to get rid of it: * Consistent, intense exercise: Combine daily 30 or more minutes accrued of aerobic activity with intervals of intensity, along with weight lifting 2 x week. You need both. The aerobic activity with intensity intervals will prompt intra-abdominal fat cells to release their fat fuel and decrease the fat load. The weight lifting increases your ability to burn calories faster and more efficiently. * Strategic nutrition: Most Americans consume between 400-600 grams of carbs daily, mostly processed junk. Try to limit your carbs to no more than about 200 grams per day. Eliminate junk carbs (processed foods, white carbs  white bread, pasta, rice, potato) and prioritize whole foods such as veggies, watery fruits and whole grains, along with lean protein sources. Control your portions, keeping your total daily caloric intake appropriate for either weight reduction or maintenance. 4. People are different. This study does underscore the fact that people are indeed very different. We have unique family histories, medical experiences, body shapes and fat distributions.  Eat every 3-4 hours. Dont skip meals, especially breakfast. End your eating with dinner, preferably by 8PM. Eat smaller, balanced meals and snacks. Get Rid of Refined Sugars. Refined or processed sugars will sabotage your best efforts to rein in runaway appetites. Get them out of your house and any space you live and work in. Stick with whole foods fruits, veggies, grains and lean protein. Vacuum in the Veggies. You can eat endless portions of non-starchy veggies. Theyll fill you up and not out. Eat them throughout the day. Add them to brown rice, as a side with beans, and in soups. There are countless way to incorporate these life giving plants into your daily meals and snacks. Try This Trick to Feel Full. Throughout the day, combine lean protein with fiber. It takes the body much longer to digest carrots and hummus, or chicken and veggies, or peanut butter on an apple. Youll feel full, your appetite will be controlled and you can carry on with your days activities. Shake It Up. Try a protein shake for a meal or a mid-afternoon snack. One scoop or whey or soy protein powder delivers about 20 grams of protein (equivalent to a chicken breast). Add water, or skim milk, or plain yogurt along with fresh or frozen fruit and sip. Its a simple and easy way to stay satisfied and well nourished. Cut Out the Nocturnal Feasting. Too many calories consumed at night equal lots of extra body fat. Top that with eating too much too late and youve got bulging bellies and sagging saddlebags popping up everywhere. Make a commitment that during the work week, youll cut off your eating by 8PM (If you eat after 8 youll gain a lot of weight), or earlier. You can play a little later on Friday and Saturday, but dont go whole hog. Get to bed earlier as well. You cant overeat and sleep at the same time.  Any journey always starts with the mind. You need to direct your mind into a powerful, positive and proactive place. Bag the toxic self-speak and replace it with endless self-support. Quit comparing yourself to every Tom, Dick, Tracy and Debbie in town. Pay attention to you. Commit to loving and supporting you. Know the Difference between Fantasy and Reality: Got an extra 50 on board? Youre not dropping it all in 6 weeks. However, youll remove some excess fat and build muscle. The goal is to lay down a foundation of healthy lifestyle habits that youll hone and sustain for a lifetime. Be careful to establish reasonable and attainable mini-goals. Huge success is always built on the achievement of these smaller milestones. Know Your Numbers: To monitor your accomplishments as you go along, you need some kind of measureable outcomes. This may include blood sugars, blood pressure, and cholesterol levels. You can whip out a tape measure and record your tummy (across the belly button) circumference, along with hips, thighs and buttocks if you wish. Write it down as youll be coming back with future updates. Take a piece of clothing that youll fit into after removing 5-10 pounds, pull it out and keep it front and center in your closet so that it greets you every day. If the clothing is getting looser, youre doing just great. Develop Stress Resilience: The key to survival is the ability to adapt and adjust to lifes stresses without resorting to self-destruction. Life presents endless opportunities to adapt and adjust. So many folks get derailed when they become paralyzed when something changes in their lives. Create a New Normal and develop a strategy for surviving. Get help and support when you need it. Reward Yourself: Every single action you do in your life is associated with some kind of reward or you wouldnt be doing it. As you commit your 6 week plan to paper, make a list of mini-rewards that will accompany achievement of your mini-goals. It could be purchasing a cherished piece of clothing, a fun trip, or a joyful walk with your best friend. Your lifes work needs to be balanced by countless rewards.  Eating fiber-rich foods every day will help you remove excess fat much faster than if you're scarfing down refined and processed foods. You feel much fuller so you decrease your total calories. Fiber foods also are slow-release energy sources, keeping you energized much longer so you can hit the gym or take that walk. Stick with whole foods like veggies, fruits and whole grains to get your fiber. Fiber will save your life. Soluble fiber traps bad cholesterol (LDL) before it's absorbed in the gut, reducing your risk for heart disease. Insoluble fiber shwooshes through your gut cleaning it out and keeping you regular. You should try to consume about 30 grams per day, and ideally 10 grams at each main meal. If you haven't been getting enough fiber for a long time, then start gradually beginning with about 15 grams per day and building up over time. Most food sources contain both soluble and insoluble fiber. Oatmeal, whole grain bread, cereal and pasta, popcorn, fruits, veggies, and beans are great sources of fiber.  Quality: Stick to whole foods. Abandon processed and refined products because theyre not real food, just food-like products. I like to call them science fair projects. Most are laced with refined sugars that play havoc with your insulin levels resulting in a never-ending appetite for more junk. Keep it simple. Veggies, fruits, lean proteins and whole grains. Eat smart fats that are healthy and satisfying, like avocados and nuts. Dont forget to combine protein and fiber, like a high protein Greek yogurt with walnuts and blueberries. Quantity: Even if youre eating whole foods, you still have to rein in the calories and control your portions. Steamed, raw and grilled veggies, especially the watery ones, you can feast on. Watery, not densely sugared, fruits are best (apples, oranges, berries, melons). Be careful with the whole grains, especially bread products, rice and pasta. Make sure you read the labels and stick with one serving when you eat. Youll need 4-6 oz of lean protein at any one sitting. Frequency: Eat a balanced meal or snack every 3-4 hours. If you do, youll feel satisfied enough to eat less throughout the day, resulting in more rapid and effective weight removal. Make sure to cut off eating after dinner (which should be ideally no later than 8PM). Or, if youre up and moving around after dinner and are truly hungry, a 100-150 calorie healthy snack is acceptable, like a yogurt or cottage cheese, or an ounce of cheese.  Hi and thanks so much for your question. Sounds like you're a nocturnal eater like so many people out there. Here are some thoughts and recommendations:  First, you're a young male. Assuming that you're an average height of about 5'10", and you'll be physically active, consuming 1,200 calories is way too low for you. I'd aim closer to the range of 1,500-1,700 cals per day. Next up, you really do need to eat higher quality food. Quality is important for health as well as weight reduction. Finally, yes, weight reduction will occur if you simply consume fewer calories and (hopefully) increase your physical activity. You can eat five candy bars all day and drop weight if that's all you eat. However, eating junk plays havoc with your blood sugar levels, and if it's high fat junk (eating one pizza all day) you won't be doing your heart any good as well. The best way to go is to strive for balance. You want healthy whole foods with some treats thrown in. And you want to stay physically active. Why? Activity makes it 10 x easier to sustain your weight reduction.  Let me share three elements that Ill bet you didnt realize impact so significantly upon childhood obesity. ... 1. TV in the bedroom: Having a TV in the bedroom often leads to sedentary behavior as well as overeating. Kids literally go into a trance for hours staring at the tube while mindlessly stuffing their faces with too many calories, which includes a large amount of junk. Get these TVs out of their bedrooms! 2. Not sitting down together for meals: Few families sit down together for a meal, especially at dinnertime. Kids frequently fend for themselves and often take their food to other parts of the house and eat there. How about parents mentor their kids and structure meals such that theres time to sit and talk and enjoy healthy food together? Heck, prepare the meal together! Its such a win-win. 3. Not getting enough sleep: Sleep deprivation goes hand in hand with the TV in the bedroom, along with high-tech toys that are distracting kids 24/7. Kids need at least nine hours of sleep. Parents need to monitor this and make sure each child is getting enough ZZZs.  Use stool softener, hemarrhoid cream, and perhaps the bleeding will go away.  It's due to eating different kinds of foods, such as much more spicy food or more fat than in our normal diets. That is not something we typically pay as much attention to avoiding when we travel, but we have to be wary of these things. Not every change in our bowel habits is due to infection. Infection is the most important cause of travelers' diarrhea and most is caused by bacteria.  While I'm not sure it's officially a valid substitute for the diet, I would use Hummus. I, too, am allergic to peanut butter and have found diet plans lacking in substitutions for those of us who are allergic. You could probably try making a spread with greek yogurt, too. Hope this helps.  You mention your weight all day, but how does your weight look every week? Are you gaining 11-13 poiunds a day every week or is your weight relatively the same every week? Your weight can easily fluctuate that much during a single day and that doesn't mean much as far as overall weight goes. Weigh yourself once a week and see how your weight looks one week to another. My weight usually fluctuates around 8-12 pounds a day, but week to week, it's usually about the same. My boyfriend can have his weight fluctuate as much as 20 pounds a day, but his weight stays about the same one week to another. Remember to weigh yourself at apporximately the same time every week (for example, weigh yourself first thing in the morning BEFORE you eat every Friday or something like that). Weighing yourself multiple times a day will only make you frustrated, believe me, I know! Good luck!  you must take some fat burner for your health. healthgenie provides lots of health benifits on discount. call now or visit our website. http://www.healthgenie.in/nutrition/sports-and-fitness/fat-burners.html  It is due to as we sweat the body eliminates waste in the form of sweat, so that's is the reason behind sour smell of sweat.  See your medical provider first. A few blood tests can determine if you have an underlying metabolic reason (hypothyroid, for example). Not all weight gain is adipose tissue (fat); some can be fluid. Your medical provider can determine if you are having issues with edema (fluid retention). Clearly, something has changed. You have gained about a pound a week, so an increased intake as little as 500 calories a day more than you need, or less calorie expenditure, could easily account for the weight gain. Before you see your doctor, keep a food diary (accurate and honest amounts, please) for several days or a week. This will give your medical provider a good idea of your calorie intake. A dietician or nutritionist can also help you solve this dilemma.  There is "no whey" that this added protein alone will build muscle. Extra protein -- above and beyond his nutritional needs -- has the potential of overloading his kidneys, especially if he is sweating and exercising and not getting in sufficient water. All he needs to do is eat a good, balanced diet (three meals and some healthy snacks), work out regularly (no power lifting weights!), and he will get stronger...and leaner. He does NOT need "something stronger" like those bulk-builders at the health food stores.  Yes, you should be concerned. This common behavior is called stool-holding , as she desperately tries not to have a bowel movement, for whatever reason (inconvenience, pain on defecation, memory of past discomfort on defecation, etc.) See her pediatrician so she can be properly examined to make sure there are no medical reasons for this behavior. There are stool softeners and behavior techniques that can be started to help her through this challenging time.  Gallstones in children are becoming more common, although gallstones in a normal weight, healthy-eating nine year old boy is unusual. The largest risk factor for gallstones in children would be obesity. Obese girls are twice as likely as obese boys to get gallstones. Another factor for girls would be the use of oral contraceptives where a higher incidence has been reported. Some studies have reported a genetic predisposition. In adults , the risk factors used to be the "Four Fs": Fat, Female, Forty, and Fetus (women who are pregnant or have been pregnant), but children only have two of those four F's.  Diet sodas do not have calories, so they will not interfere with your weight loss, although some studies have started to implicated "sweetness" (including non-calorie sweeteners) as being problematic in the way of appetite. Also, remember that not all weight is fat....some weight is due to water retention. Diet sodas have sodium, that can cause fluid retention in some people. Just hang in there. If you calorie intake is less than you need to maintain your current weight and you are exercising, you will lose weight.  Anxiety is a very complex reaction. The causes are very individual --- what would cause anxiety in one person, may not affect another. A low-carb diet per se does not cause anxiety, but that does not mean it is not a factor for you. Dieting and losing weight is stressful in itself.  It can be very difficult for a person who is addicted to opiates to stop....this is why it is called an addiction. Personally, I feel that it would be best for you to enter a drug detoxification program. Most insurance companies DO pay for this, but you have to get a referral from your primary care provider. Many areas also have drug programs that are free, so do your homework and get the help that you are requesting and desperately need.  Anything they want to eat....or can eat, based on their level of nausea. Most pancreatic cancer patients are on pain-killers that can cause nausea or severe constipation, so finding a diet that is both pleasurable and one that can prevent constipation is the best. As you know, this is a very serious cancer, so this person should be allowed to eat just about anything they want and can tolerate.  Yes, moderate smoking is still harmful. That is like asking how much poison should I take every day before it becomes harmful. You are nearly a non-smoker, so why not just go all the way and stop completely? Stopping things that you enjoy are difficult, I know, but in the case of cigarettes, there are really no safe limits. Secondary smoke and even third-hand smoke has been found to be harmful, so even a pack a week is going to cause problems over time. Clearly, the more cigarettes that you smoke, the worse your risk becomes. While you are pleased to have cut down our 1/2 pack a day habit to a pack a week, you need to do your body one more favor by stopping altogether. You can do it.  First, one has to consider allergies. Her cough may be a manifestation of an allergic response. Those dark circles under her eyes could be "allergic shiners," often seen in allergies. Another possibility would be back-to-back viral infections -- not uncommon with a social girl in school Second, although uncommon, children can get sinusitis with constant post-nasal drainage. Zithromax is not the best medication for sinusitis. Third, we are in the midst of a pertussis (whooping cough) epidemic (even if her cough is not the whooping sound). She may need to to be tested.  I can't really offer you a patient-specific answer over the Internet, since hormonal imbalance and nutritional intake resulting in weight gain can be a very complex issue. You do need to address this problem with your medical provider, a nutritionist, or a weight-control specialist (baritrician). You are eating more than you body needs. This is the ONLY way (other than water retention), that a mammal (you) can put on large amounts of weight. We do not pull calories from the air. While it may not seem like you are eating more, a calorie excess of only 500 calories a day could add a pound a week to your scale; a 1000 calorie a day increase could at TWO pounds a week. The first step in getting some control is to do an honest and accurate food diary. Write down EVERYTHING you eat, including the amounts/weight and their determine their caloric content. Your doctor will likely need this information.  Start with a gastroenterologist. In many cases, this can be "fixed" with a combination of medications and even surgery.  Rather than try and diagnose these mood swings yourself....or guess, it would be best for her to see the pediatrician or consult with a child psychiatrist. Many pre-puberescent girls (or ANY girl or boy!) for that matter, can have mood swings, so this does not necessarily mean that she has a diagnosable or treatable psychiatric disorder. Keep careful track of these mood fluctuations so that you can accurately report them to her medical provider.  There is no universal, healthy diet that would be appropriate for two different people: one who needs to lose weight, and another who may have special nutritional needs due to cancer or cancer treatment. You can BOTH see a nutritionist. Have an expert work this out for you. While there are universal "good foods" and healthy recommendations that will apply to every human, you need INDIVIDUAL dietary plans.  I have never heard that cholesterol causes stomach pains. Just because a cause was not readily apparent, does not mean one should blame this type of pain on cholesterol. The fact that he is still in pain (after eating) and going through Pepto Bismol is proof that he needs to have a higher level evaluation. Seeing a pediatric gastroenterologist would be the way to go, if his pediatrician or primary care provider is not willing to order further diagnostic tests. There are so many things that could be causing this discomfort, for gastritis (inflammation of the stomach), reflux, gallbladder disease (especially if your son is overweight), hiatal hernia, etc. Appendicitis would likely cause pain in his right lower quadrant (down near the right iliac/hip area), and would not really present symptoms like you are describing. If he is under stress at home or school, this could be making things worse. Get a referral to a gastroenterologist so that he can be properly diagnosed and treated.  Rinsing the canned vegetables will lower a little salt, but food cooked IN salt are more likely to have salt IN the foods that will not rinse out. Just switch to frozen or fresh vegetables where you can control the salt better. They even taste better (once your body no longer graves the salty-tastes). Salt is an acquired taste, so it take time to UNacquire it.  High blood pressure is almost always treatable with the right combination of medications (individually prescribed) and life style modifications (diet and exercise). This person should be under the care of a good clinician and be monitoring his own blood pressures at home, keeping a log. A person would only be considered "untreatable" if there was complete failure of medications (unlikely) and failure to comply with lifestyle modifications (often happens) and compliance.  Many things can cause prolonged diarrhea, so it would be impossible to blindly guess what is causing yours. I strongly feel that you should see a medical provider and have a stool culture (various types of infection can do this).  Adolescent male gynecomastia is quite common and will go away in time...usually a few years. Since I can't examine you, I have no way of knowing the true nature of your "fatty breasts". There are many different types and degrees of male gynecomastia so it may not look like photos you have found. You can have liposuction or a surgical procedure to remove excess fat if you want, but this would be considered a cosmetic procedures and most insurances would not be agreeable to paying for it. Unfortunately, exercises and diet are not likely to fix male breasts, so get it checked out by a medical professional.  There are NO CALORIES (or very few) in diet soda. It would be impossible for two diet sodas to be the smoking gun for weight gain, although there is some evidence that some non-calorie sweeteners can actually trigger sweat cravings, making you eat or drink things that are NOT calorie-free.  Do both. Then when she is adequately controlled, you can ask the doctor to tapir off the metformin or stop it all together if her dietary changes are successful AND permanent.  Fruit smoothies are fine, with the exception of those calories which can be surprisingly high. Not all smoothies are created equal, you know. If you are trying to lose weight, I think it would be wise to limit these as a sole breakfast option. Once in a while is fine. You will lose more weight and get a bit more mileage if you ate a piece of fruit and had some protein in the morning (like an egg), and a piece of dry toast. Less calories....  There are no magic solutions to motivation, but I am pleased that you are doing this with a friend. How about a bet? Put some money on the line ($100?) or house-cleaning (if someone fails to meet their goal, they have to clean the other person's house). Keep in fun and make sure your goals are reasonable and achievable. Start with CONTROL. Cut out the things you know you are not supposed to eat and stop buying them. Write down everything you eat for about a week or so (be honest!) and try to determine the number of calories you are ingesting. Make sure you are UNDER 15 calories per pound of ideal body weight (your goal). Any one can lose weight....there is only mismatched strategies. Something tells me that you are on your way to success.  No. As a matter of fact, Diet Pepsi has sodium, so assuming you are not drinking an excessive amount of it, it would not likely have any effect on your overall sodium levels.  Yes, but that is only part of the equation. Permanently losing weight requires more than a short-term committment, otherwise you will just gain it back.  Babies under three months of age have very little beneficial bacteria in their colon. Consequently, they will often be very, very gassy (impressive, in fact), as well as fussy. It is not your prenatal vitamins. This tends to miraculously improve after three months of age, so keep using those gas drops and hang in there !  No diet or exercise is going to help. Use the betamethasone cream and manual stretching, but be careful. Do not keep the foreskin forcibly retracted, or you may create a painful condition called paraphimosis. I do not know you age, but your glans should be fully retractable in your early teen years or before, unless you have some adhesions (tissue still attached). Without an exam, I cannot comment. Rather than treat yourself, a consultation with a good urologist now may be beneficial to you.  Here is one source for you, or you can buy a good calorie book.... http://www.webmd.com/diet/healthtool-food-calorie-counter  Virtually nothing. Breast-fed babies a few weeks old can have seborrheic dermatitis.  A fluid diet for eczema? Never heard of it as part of any treatment. Eczema is genetically-dry skin, so if you are having an exacerbation or worsening of your symptoms, you may need a change in treatment. The mainstay of eczema management is moisturization , so find a good moisturizing cream that is free of perfumes. Topical steroid creams are very helpful, but the best ones require a prescription. Call your medical provider. Control itching with antihistamines, assuming you can take this type of medication. Please avoid scratching and digging at these areas. Open, eczematous skin can become secondarily infected , so if you think your eczema is infected, you will need to consult your medical provider for treatment; usually antibiotics Eczema is usually with you for life, so finding the right combination of medications and supportive treatments is important. I don't think a fluid diet for two weeks is going to help in any way.  Intense urinary burning? Strong smell? Frequent urination? Yes, that sounds like a problem to me.These are three common signs of a urinary tract infection. Time to call your medical provider to order a urinalysis and culture.  Diet sodas should not make arthritis worse, otherwise the sales of these popular drinks would plummet. There are new studies all of the time, linking various things to bodily ailments, but I have no heard of a diet soda/arthritis link. If I did, I would certainly stop the diet sodas for my own arthritis.  Personally I reccommend the Paleo lifestyle. You can get all the information you need online, you don't have to buy a book or anything. It is also called the Caveman diet, and it is pretty balanced. A website called The Daily Apple (Google it) is helpful and also free. I find that eating Paleo (or at least mostly Paleo) is fairly balanced and fairly low carb. The main idea, as you may know, is to avoid eating things we wouldn't have had before agriculture. Think vegetables, lean meat, fruit, nuts, seeds, eggs, animal based fats, fish, limited beans. It eliminates a lot of the junk we all eat and it helps you feel a lot fuller and more energetic. The biggest problem for me is cost. I use a somewhat modified version in that I add cheese and yogurt, a somewhat pastoralist variation.  yes  Mine did too, so my doctor added 50 units of Lantus at bedtime. Check it out with your dr.  Sounds like low potasium .pills should help but if pain gets to bad drinking a bottle of tonic water will take pain away almost instantly.  Hi:  The proper diet and exercise, helps you a lot to get rid of cellulite, cellulite is what, it actually a a kind of flabby fat around the waist, stomach, arms and thighs, makes a woman look ugly, the exercises include swimming, strength training and weight training and the old fashioned way of method 'Walking' are beneficial, but in today's day to day life, one can't be able to maintain a daily routine of exercise, you may use a budget in within your pocket to treat the cellulite, i've used revitashape, you can also use the modern anti-cellulite treatments and the creams, to know more about the cellulite treatments, you can visit here  I would seek the consultation of a nephrologist (kidney specialist) - so that your progression can be followed and relevant information can be given to you regarding your diet and possible lifestyle changes that may benefit you / and/or halt the progression of any kidney disease.   I know (according to what I have read, that when the eGFR drops below 60 - it is an indication of Chronic Kidney disease starting - or possibly acute kidney disease if the GFR fell suddenly in response to an injury.)  I'd love to know this as well. I have both a very low IgE as well as am PGE2 Deficient. They don't play nicely together, and the only way I've been told there are infusions(Intravenous Immunoglobulin Therapy) one can take to help, but I guess that would depend upon how badly your body is in need of this. I merely take a lot of Benadryl. And sadly always have to have Prednisone on hand for when the flare ups get too bad. Sadly, most of the current research is to lower IGE, not raise it.  Congratulations on your weight loss success! To find out what diet plan and amount of loss is healthy for you, sit down with your doctor and go over your diet and your health history. Here also is a great article from WebMD's diet expert, Kathleen Zelman, MPH, RD -- She recommends setting reallistic and attainable goals. Good luck on your healthy weight journey! The WebMD Answers Staff  Sweat smells due to the bacteria that lives in it. Here are some ways to control the smell if you're concerned:  Diet pills rarely lead to permanent weight loss. The best method for weight loss is the tried-and-true formula of good eating habits and plenty of exercise. Using over-the-counter weight loss drugs is a short-term solution to a long-term problem. Save your money and spend it on nutritious foods. Get in touch with your hunger and appetite instead of relying on supplements that are uncontrolled by the FDA and often have no scientific proof of effectiveness. Experts agree, the best way to lose weight is to get regular physical activity and eat meals made up of foods that satisfy hunger and control appetite. Include a source of lean or low-fat protein at all meals and snacks along with high-fiber fruit, vegetables, or whole grains for the most satiating meals.  Weight loss, plus exercise, can make a difference in helping people with type 2 diabetes get their hemoglobin A1C -- the measure of average blood sugar levels -- to the goal of less than 7%, according to Osama Hamdy, MD, PhD, medical director of the Obesity Clinic and Program, Joslin Diabetes Center in Boston. He reported on results of a program at Joslin Diabetes Center called Why WAIT (Weight Achievement and Intensive Treatment), in which those with type 2 diabetes are encouraged to lose weight by following the Joslin guidelines for overweight patients. In a report on 85 WAIT participants, Hamdy found that they reduced their initial weight by an average of 24 pounds after 12 weeks. About 82% of the participants reached the target A1C of less than 7%. Their cholesterol levels improved significantly, too. And participants needed less diabetes medicine once they lost weight.  "I think you can improve it somewhat with repetitive, low-weight exercises on the leg," says Robert Weiss, MD, president of the American Society of Dermatologic Surgery and a dermatologist in Hunt Valley, Md. "Use free weights or machines. Use 5- to 10-pound weights." Include cardio exercise, too, for overall fat burning, he says. You should focus on reducing calories to shed the extra pounds, as well as doing regular strength training and cardio exercise to see improvement in cellulite, says Wayne Westcott, PhD, a fitness expert and fitness research director at the South Shore YMCA in Quincy, Mass. When the underlying muscle is strengthened, "that makes the fat lay smooth, not crinkled."  Here are the basics: Have protein at every meal -- about one-half gram of protein for every pound of your ideal weight, typically somewhere between 60 to 85 grams unless you're very large or very small. For weight loss, keep the carbs low, anywhere from zero to 30 grams daily. Choose whole foods, organic if possible, and raw, ideally. The more fiber, the better. Avoid nearly everything white -- potatoes, rice, bread, flour, sugar, popcorn. Of course, this doesn't include cauliflower, turnips, or giant white radishes. Eat fruit at breakfast, particularly low-carb fruits, such as berries, melon, peaches, kiwi. Half a banana is all you get. Although you are allowed cream and butter, save them for treats, and cut down on them if you are trying to lose weight. Choose cold-pressed olive and nut oils, and avoid processed oils, partially hydrogenated fats and margarine. Eat dinner early and make it minimal.  When you fast, your body is forced to dip into energy stores to get the fuel it needs to keep going, so you will lose weight. The big question is how long you will keep that weight off. Because food was often scarce for our ancestors, our bodies have been genetically programmed to combat the effects of fasting. When you eat less food, your metabolism slows down to conserve energy. Then, when you go back to your usual diet, your lowered metabolism may cause you to store more energy, meaning that you will probably gain back the weight you lost and possibly even put on more weight when eating the same calories you did before the fast. As you fast, your body will adjust by reducing your appetite, so you will initially feel less hungry. But once you have stopped fasting, your appetite hormones will kick back into gear and you may actually feel hungrier and be more likely to binge. Research has shown that fasting on alternate days can help people lose weight, but not for long. In one study, people who followed an alternate-day fasting diet shed weight, even when they ate all they wanted on the non-fasting days. However, they could not maintain the weight loss over time.  Absolutly! If you don't something bad could happen.  There are two issues here. Let's start with the brushing first. I love the fact that you want to brush after every meal. This is the best way to keep excellent oral hygiene. However, if you cannot brush after every meal, brushing morning and night is quite sufficient. The best thing is to ask your dentist/hygienist to evaluate your home care and let him/her give you the proper feedback if you are doing it right. The gum issue is different: Gum chewing (on the contrary to the Trident commercial) is not totally good for you. The good thing is that it stimulates salivation, making your mouth ready for food consumption (is that what your really want when you are on a diet?). The bad thing about gum chewing is that it over-exercises your muscles of mastication. We are not supposed to chew "non-stop" throughout the day. When you do that you are putting undue stress on your teeth and muscles and cause premature wear and tear. Your teeth should only come into contact when you swallow and if they do otherwise you will experience premature wear of your dentition. Keep brushing and flossing regularly and easy on the gum chewing.  Keep it up! You may start noticing the weight loss in other places before you see it in your "trouble spots"... Unfortunately, we can't control where the weight drops first but you will eventually see the changes. Make sure to monitor your food intake too - to make sure your calorie intake is not higher than the amount of calories burned. At the end of the day, as long as you are burning more calories than the amount of calories consumed, you will see the weight drop. Most importantly, don't lose your momentum. Stay active and you'll reap the benefits in time - just give yourself time to see it pay off! Even a 10% loss in body weight makes a huge difference in your health. Hopefully, while you wait to see the pounds drop, you will at least feel more energy and feel good about yourself!  Congrats on all the healthy changes!!! A growth spurt at 30 seems a bit late in life - but you should ask your doctor abou that. Either way, your body seems to be responding positively to all the healthy changes! Keep it up!! And people do look taller when they are leaner - so perhaps that is part of it?  Yes, I am being treated for them now. That is the way they started for me several years ago.  While Prilosec or Gaviscon--or even Pepto-Bismol--might help the reflux as well as the stomach pain, if you have chronic pain when eating, there is a possibility that you might have a peptic ulcer. Generally, pain increases whenever food is consumed (ie. when your body initially begins production of gastric acids in order to start digesting your food) and can be excruciating.   I sweated so severely from methadone I could care less what anyone thought. It was so bad it was destroying my life. After much searching including trying to get off the stuff I finally found a Dr. who gives me Botox injections in the head and now the sweating is bearable which is a godsend for me.   Hadn't you first find out if your pregnant?  You have to drink water. Water has lots of amazing benefits to our bodies. Aside from the fact that it can ease gastroenteritis stomach pain, it can also keep our stomach in shape because it is a very important factor in the fat loss process.  It is important that you burn the calories that you take in. This may be something that you fail to do. You may speak with Dr. Schweiger, a board certified dermatologist who can help you with an effective way to reduce unwanted body fats.  Obesity can be caused by genetics or environmental factors. The reason that you are having a hard time on losing weight may also be indirectly related to having a sedentary lifestyle. You can stay more active and be more mindful about the kinds of foods that you take in so you will stay in shape and prevent the appearances of unwanted fats.  You can do simple forms of exercises like sit ups and push ups. You may also consider no surgery fat process to get back in shape in no time.  drink water, chamomile tea  Try dmg sublingual. google DMG for use. good for many ailments. Sometimes referred to as B15 may be effective in some persons possible benefits for ADHD enhancement,, Autism. muscular use . No side effects ever seen. enhances metabolism and may other health related conditions.  Dumb question--ask the doctor that prescribed the med, or ask a pharamist.  You really should go see your doctor. Do you have any abdominal pain? Maybe you have Endometriosis. Endometriosis can mess up your cycle, cause headaches and mess with your bowel movements. Since you already have two children, you would most likely know if you are pregnant. Were your other pregnancies like this? Best of luck.  In my experience, anything that sounds too good to be true, especially that isn't approved by the FDA, usually is. I would be very weary of anything you didn't feel comfortable talking to your doctor about because at the end of the day, your doctor wants you to be as healthy as possible. I would pass on this one. Hope this helps.  I think you should always talk to your doctor before starting any sort of diet - but I did find some information about leg cramps associated with the HCG Diet Drops due to lack of potassium in the Core Phase diet. But if you think you could have a blood clot, you should go straight to the doctor.  I would go to a gastroenterologist and see what your next steps should be. I do know that you shouldn't wait because it might get harder to treat, the longer you wait.    I have had bouts with chronic hiccups my entire life, until I found a permanent over-the-counter medicine that cured them for me and keep me from ever getting them anymore (and I am in my mid-40's).  ;what causes high calcium score and is it dangerous  I would say no. I did it for a while. and Herbalife is all natural, it should definatly not effect birth control.  It's probably just constipation. A really severe case of it in fact. Try taking some TUMS or Rolaids and resting. I've had a pretty bad case as well that lasted 3 hours, for two days in a row. Try the things, if that doesn't work, maybe try ibuprofen.  Have them test you for c-diff (clostridium difficile colitis), I contracted this after surgery symptoms sound very similar.  I have read that you can become allergic to something any time during your life, so you make think you aren't allergic to anything but you are. If your reactions are severe go to a doctor. Some reactions can be very dangerous  Absolutely, it is water. You just added something to it. Like coffee, lemon-aide..etc,etc.  You failed to mention if you have seen a doctor about this problem. Coupled with you cannot lose weight without lowering your intake. Eat more salads,fruits,and veggy's. Stay away from pastas, ice creams. pies cakes etc,etc. And you can do exercises in your chair. Leg lifts, barbells. Every little bit helps you burn calories. But if you continue to take in more than you burn up. You will continue to gain weight. I weigh 230 lbs. and 5 1/2 in high. Almost if not in the same boat you are in. You have to choose to do it. Consider what your weight brings with it. High Blood Pressure, Diabetes, heart trouble etc.etc. Your pain in your back,knees, and hip are more than likely due to being Obese...aka over weight. Loose weight loose the pain. You should see your Dr. also as you may be diabetic or pre- diabetic. Get a CBC blood test and see where you stand. I did, and founs out I was diabetic, elevated blood pressure, etc,etc. It scared me enough to loose weight. Like me you are a walking time bomb.  Stage 3 kidney disease is not good. More than likely associated with your diabetes. You are more than likely over weight. Stay on a diabetic diet. See your Dr. so you can keep track of your A1c and Blood pressure. Also blood work for your kidney disease. Urine test etc,etc. Ask your Dr. for a diabetic diet guide. Also there are several on the internet. Even Diabetic Groups who have the same problems you have. And you can share your problems and also get help.  You may be on some medication that causes weight gain. If you are taking any meds. Be sure and read the paper that comes with the medication. It will state on there if this medication may cause weight gain. Several medication s do.  Gaining weight can also be related to some medications. Since you are 59 . And if you are taking any medication. Be sure and read the paper's that come with those medications. As some state. May cause weight gain.  Sounds like you have diabetic neuropathy in your feet. Ask your Dr. if he done a blood test with A1c in it. That would tell you how your sugar has been running for the last 3 months. And certainly loosing weight will help. Your BMI has a lot to do with your diabetes and Triglycerides. I am not familiar with the Paleo diet. Never heard of it. However the Mediteranian diet has helped a lot of people with weight and diabetes.  There are a lot of over the counter medications for your condition. And they do help. I would suggest you ask your Pharmacist for the best one to fit your problem.  Though i am not a specialist i faced a similar issue (though i didn't face a pancreatic tumor).. every morning i definitely couldn't wake up! Then i included fruits in my morning diet (apples or bananas) and the results were amazing! Please give it a go!  If you ask me, animal protein can't be replaced by anything else! So i would say that a vegan diet would not be a good idea especially for a 3-year child!  The most important reason for this is definiltely a decrease in your metabolism! You should try hard to boost your metabolism. Here are a few things you should try:  Hello  The instructions for taking Synthroid specifically state to take on an empty stomach and to take at the same time each day. I have been doing research myself concerning this matter since I am hypo and frustrated with the excessive lbs. whole wheat bread, Fish and eggs are helpful with this condition. I find that eating more vegetables helps to give me energy. Parfaits seem to give me a boost. let me mention that these are things I am training my body to adapt to help the metabolism with this condition. Exercising is a great option but let's be realistic some of us work crazy hours, come home to children, pets, significant others,school so that can be a bit complicated. My ideas aren't much but I hope you find what works best for you.  May I suggest trying herbal supplements an maybe organic foods an see what happens  Your mother should go to a dietician for the diabetes food guidelines. you can google potassium rich foods and avoid them. diabetes is complicated, you could attend the dietician meeting so you can help her....good luck.  well she has celiacs disease (non life threatning disease) but she can not have wheat so feed her corn based products like ( some chex mix cerals, corn tortillas,some soups, any thing that says gluten free on the label  FCBS delivers simple yet highly effective slimming program to lose weight with the help of Dubai health authorized Dietitian and Lymphatic drainage massage under the supervision of Dubai health authority certified Physiotherapists and massage therapists. http://fcbsglobal.com/weight-loss-treatment.php  I think it will can help you (lower my potassium)  http://9c957iqhkcpp8o1f-dfqe3bldw.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=LOWERMYPOTASSIUM   I would suggest laying in bed and put both legs up and " pretend" you are riding a bicycle -do for a few minutes several times a day and eventually increase the time you are "riding". I bought my mom a 3-wheeled bike and borrowed my neighbor child bike to accompany her. If you are a senior, the local senior citizens center might have an exercise room, and it's not only fun visiting with the person next to you, but new friendships may occur. An important factor is to have someone with you that will help you make this a priority--set a time to meet. (Unless you're doing this in bed ha, ha). You've probably been told to keep your legs up whenever possible. Put a recliner in front of the tv, else find an inexpensive foot rest to put in front of your chair (if the top is hard, just put a cushion on it). And don't forget to have at least 2 pillows under your legs while you are sleeping. And last, don't wear socks that leaves a crease around your ankles or calves--this will affect the blood flowing to your legs and feet. (You might want to consider buying a pair of diabetic socks that have a loose top.) Hope this helps.  thank you, for reply cocoanoah, he has done A1c and all he says it's elevated and my tryglcerides are up. He says I only pre diabetic, but it sure feels like I am full blown. He has sent me to a neurologist to find out why the neuropathy. I had a nerve conduction test done and it shows I have the neuropathy. I could have told him that. wants to give medicine for pain. The neurologist wants give me something for pain, it is not pain perse, but if it is not going to make the reason of tneuropathy go away, I don't want to take it. There is no reason to. I asked if metforman could be prescribed ---- his answer---- it works for people wth diabetes, but tests have not proven it will will for "pre  Your body prob got use to the workout. That happened to me and I workout with my dad for a while. I noticed I wasn't pushing myself and doing certain things right. Maybe find a trainer and ask them to show you some pointers. That helped me a lot. I wouldn't suggest diet pills. I don't know why I am against those but I haven't found any that doesn't have a lot of caffeine in it. I've read some labels say not to consume any other caffeine from coffee or tea. I'm a huge coffee drinker. Maybe you need to cut more things out of your diet. Maybe you didn't take enough things out. For instance I was a fast food junky b/c I'm always busy and I had to stop eating out and that helped me lose more.... Hopefully that helped. I'm not a professional. Just speaking based off my personal experience.  I am in no way a medical professional, merely another peripheral neuropathy (PN) sufferer. However, if it were me, I would discontinue your diet, return to a more balanced moderate meal plan, and see if your symptoms disappear. (It could well be that this unnatural diet is somehow causing these symptoms.) I suspect that your symptoms have nothing to do with a vitamin deficiency. Good luck!  Are you taking probiotics to replace lost good bacteria in the digestive track? Are you sure that you are not getting any wheat or gluten in vitamins, supplements, or even skin care products. You also have to be careful with condements and soups. Hopefully you are following the golden rule of "If it doesn't make the claim on the label to be gluten free " you can't trust it.  Anything with whole wheat in it is the worse thing you can eat because of the gluten, it kills the thyroid. The best is completely gluten free. There are so many websites about this.  Hi,friend the reports are not complete,you should take the Urine Routine Test.see the result.  No, You should remaind that it's a continuous process. If you stop it, your weight will start increasing.  what causes kidney stones  what causes kidney stones  I believe that what is going on is called premental pausally syndrome  yes  Great question! Miraculous studies from food continue to grow and become more advanced. Certain foods that are high in specific amino acids will better relieve pain and physical exhaustion. Depending on what you define as pain relief by muscles, joints, or bones will vary what amino acids will be more beneficial. L-glutamine, and iso-leucine,l-leucine and valine (those 3 are your branch chain amino acids) will play a role in the rebuilding and repairing of your muscle tissue if you work out or exercise. In scenarios for bones I would recommend l-lysine as it helps you absorb calcium which ensures stronger skeletal structure. All of these can be found on WebMD along with the recommended dosage. Yes there are certain foods that are bad for certain conditions such as diabetics eating sugar is a big no. Ultimately keep your diet healthy with about 2/3 to 1 times your body weight in grams of protein a day and this should help your body relieve pain and stay healthy.  I am not a doctor but I have been studying nutrition as my major and it was a weird concept at first but it actually has many benefits. This process has been shown to boost metabolism and help your bodily functions by promoting the storing of energy. I have been doing this for three months and kept to a strict regimen of exercising and eating using a 2:1 day split of eating then eating light as well with exercise and not exercising and I actually have gained 10 pounds (only muscle) and lost 5% body fat. I highly recommend against doing 19 hours of fasting and 5 of nonfasting as everyone needs energy which comes through food especially if you are exercising as it can be hazardous to your health. Note that on my "fasting" days I was still keeping my calories going but not nearly as high to replenish those lost from exercise. On those days I typically would eat bananas, broccoli, peas, carrots, greek yogurt, etc (stick to fruits and vegetables besides one meal and a protein shake). On my two days of eating I often would stick to rice, fish, quinoa, chicken, pasta, and oatmeal getting about 4-5 meals a day to store energy for my fasting day. Yet again I am not a doctor as he would have to evaluate you to see if this diet is appropriate but it definitely is one of the better diets that exists.  I do not know the best answer to tell you, but i am wanting to lose weight too. here some tips what i am doing for a start: limit on pop (my main issue) no fast food, no junk food no sweets (cake, ice cream, chips and dips, ect) have more water in my diet, (someone told me to also take gatorade. ) tea also a good subsitution than pop on top of that i'm going to start exercising. my mom went on a diabetic diet and lost 20 plus pounds in 3 to 4 months. and no exercise. but walk around her office at work.  Please don't do that. Diet products are very unhealthy and known to cause pain in joints at the least and lead to cancer. Eating a healthy portion with less sugar and salt is so much better for your baby.  I would see a natural pathic Dr. a ND can tell you exactly to a tee what its from and if there is any issue they can get right to the root of it. medical drs only know pharmaceutical drugs and will just say here take this and out you go.  my husband cholesteral 3 # are LDL 104 and TG 352 HDL 26 are these numbers bad and if yes what can i do for his diet  There is no nutritional value in them and the use of artificial sweeteners in them is of enough concern that I would try & find a healthier way to quench my thirst, not to mention the cancer causing caramel coloring found in them.  You should see a physician before starting any "diet" to make sure you have no underlying medical issues. But if you are found to be in good health, the best way to lose the weight is not to "diet" but simply to burn more than you eat, meaning keep active and watch your calories. No need to spend money on fancy diet programs or special "diet' foods. Just find a website like myfitnesspal or fatsecret (fatsecret is my favorite) and log your food in daily, counting EVERYTHING you eat. Stick to about 1400 calories a day (based on your height & current weight) and eat as many vegetables as you can handle along with fruit and eat healthy proteins like lean chicken, turkey, or fish with occasional lean beef and try to avoid processed sugar like candies, pastries, crackers, chips. Eat as much "whole' food and as little processed food as possible. Drink a lot of water throughout your day. You can invest in a Nutribullet or even better a Vitamix (much more expensive) and make fruit & veggie smoothies for breakfast & lunch along with sensible snacks like babybel light cheese, almonds, or soy nuts for a snack, & 4oz of lean chicken, turkey, or fish or lean beef with a vegetable for dinner. If you want a snack at night choose something like 2 cuties (clementines) or another fruit, a babybel cheese, or a serving of nuts (1oz)  I use Fatsecret.com. You can log in your foods and choose the settings you would like (for instance) protein, fat, sugar, sodium, fiber. It will allow you to track 5 at one time. It will give you how many grams you are eating per day based on the foods you input.  Sometimes there are emotional issues/reasons why we don't lose weight. At our office we use mind-body techniques such as EFT (Emotional Freedom Technique, meditation, etc.) to help resolve core beliefs that keep us stuck. If you are interested and think it might help, feel free to contact me at excelweightloss@gmail.com. Best to you!  If you are going on a diet, that means you need to stick to that regimen. It's fine if you been good in terms of doing your exercises and sticking with your diet plan for weeks, so you can reward yourself by breaking the diet. Otherwise, why go on a diet you can stick too?  what about his stress? if he's tense, should try to resolve the source of the problem or do breathing technique. also, people's blood pressure goes up as they age usually.  you can't get muscle spasm unless you work out those muscle.  my mom had severe issues for three yrs with diverticulitis and every time she was hospitalized antibiotics was their only solution . Eventually they removed a large portion of her intestines which helped some but not completely until one day we took her to UCLA medical center and a doctor there told us about a dietary supplement you could find in some health stores or on line and since that time as long as she takes them she has no issues. Then on occasion such as of lately my mom believes that she is wasting her money and that she no longer has issues with this anymore which is why after 2 1/2 yrs of good health i find myself on this site looking for answers about her diet while she suffers from diareara vomiting fever cramping and so forth. This supplement is fairly inexpensive (like you could even put a cost on what you go thru if you suffer from this) and i swear that it actually saved her life because she also has high blood pressure n heart problems. Even if you just have occasion issues i am certain you will thank god for this one kind doctor who was not just out to take peoples money. Try it and pass the word on cause i have found this is much more common than you probably realize. The name of this supplement is SACCHAROMYCES BOULARDII (THAT IS THE CORRECT SPELLING-ii at the end) . If your symptoms are bad start with the highest dose and you can cut it back as you get better but i dont recommend stopping them completely.  It might sound strange but I had triglycerides over 1000 and got them to normal range with lots of black tea and 5000 mg of EPA DHA (Omega-3) fish oil supplements daily. The fish oil was at my MDs advice but didn't seem to work until I started drinking plain black tea in place of water - 5 tea bags in 64+ oz water daily.  It will largely depend on your food intake too. You have to make sure that everything is running smoothly on your diet. You also have to make sure that you are having a regular exercise. Keep motivated.  Try a high protein and low carb diet. You may also drink fresh juices instead of sugary soda. You may prepare homemade burgers with lots of vegetables instead of eating in fast food chains.  Not necessarily. If you really have the desire to lose weight and be fit, you just have to possess the proper motivation. Have a balanced diet and a regular exercise. Live a healthy lifestyle and be positive.    Best Herpes Dating Sites are 1. Www.HRomance.Com 2. Www.PossitiveSingle.Us  Yes, because ice is the solid form of water and takes up more room in a cup than the liquid will. If a cup of ice melted, it would not fill the whole cup.  . Medication alone is not enough. You should talk to your doctor, nurse or a nutritionist. They can tell you what foods to avoid and also what foods that are good to eat. Good luck.  Your friend requires consultation with a nutritionist. The kidneys and pancreas are directly related to metabolism, utilization and excretion of food/nutrient. Only a nutritionist can map out what your friend needs (which is a very individualized per person). It can be harmful to your friend's health if she or he gets too much or too little of particular nutrients. Linda  Hello, it happens after the pregnancy, the problem of increased body weight and the fat, on the surrounding area of waist, thighs, arms. It is good to follow a daily exercise routine along with the proper diet program, but if you are still not losing body weight, then you need to do some changes in the efforts you are doing. I recommend you to go for the resveratrol, it is actually a natural phenol molecule, posses amazing properties to fight against the obesity, when resveratrol taken in the form of supplements and included in your diet programs, it metabolizes the excess body fat and flushes out the fat, it triggers SiRT1 gene in the upper intestine and works excellent to reduce the body weight. There are plenty of options available you can use to supplements. In my opinion you should go for the resveratrol supplements .  The main concern would be diabetes. Carbohydrate turns into sugar, and high amounts of sugar in the blood cause all of your organs in your body to work harder, and it can make him feel tired, and groggy like you explained with brain fog. Meats are good, but your family member should incorporate some veggies or fruits, and cut down on carbs. He doesnt have to QUIT them, but being educated on the risks of diabtes could help curb his appetite.  Take normal diet, with emphasis on delicacy. Drink less; do not take foods likely to cause allergic reaction, such as mutton and seafood.www.vitiligotcm.com or curevitiligo@aliyun.com  For healthy dieting Combination of slow carbs, fast carbs & protein is necessary. So if we have meals containing these in proper combination it will help to loose weight naturally. I'm following a diet called by Tryfoodlovers is based on this principle. It helped me to loose fat in a healthy manner.  try excersizeing more fast, often,and harder   First off let me tell you my opinion which is a growing consensus among many doctors and diabetics. DIETS DO NOT WORK. They may help you in the short haul but in order to really make progress it takes a complete change in ones lifestyle of eating to have any long term benefits. Over weight? Living a sedentary lifestyle, high cholesterol, high A1C? Stop and think, "What got me to where I am". It always ends up being how you eat everyday foods and or sedentary. Here in America we have what is called the S.A.D (Sat American Diet) in which we eat lots of processed or pre-prepared meals laden with salts,sugars, High fructose corn syrup, Processed meats like lunch meats, ham, bacon, hot dogs etc. and processed grains in biscuits, breads, pasta, etc. Every one of these foods causes our bodies to "revolt" against their acidic causing processes within our body resulting in obesity, mineral and vit shortages (like calcium and magnessium) and many other health problems If, and only if you change your lifestyle of eating for the rest of your life will you see any long term benefits to what people call Diets! You stop dieting, you go back to being heavy, sick, and even diabetic. You must change your lifestyle of eating. You cannot do the same things that got you to where you are with your health and expect lasting results. Proof of this comes from people having bariatric and lap band surgery. They lose weight and their diabetes goes into remission, but, if they return to their old eating ways the weight and diabetes will come back. I was a diebetic for 15 yrd taking the max dose of Lantus plus metformin and B/P pills, Cholesterol plls and an A1C of 7.2. I changed my lifestyle of eating to what is called the alkaline lifestyle and am now off all pills or meds for any health problems. No insulin, no pills of any kind and an A1C of 6.1' I will never go back to eating the S.A.D again  I am a type 2diabetic and eat oats every morning. one of the first things i was taught was to add a good fat or protein to a carb breakfast. I eat 1/3rd cup of steel cut organic oats cooked in water, 6 oz. of almond milk, 1tsp cinnimon and 1 tbs. of almond butter. I also eat one cup of fruit but eat the fruit 1hr prior to the oats. This wait time allows the fruit to digest before the oats start to digest. I have been taught also to NOT eat a startch or grain carb together with a fruit as the stomach treats this combination by frementation during digestion. My blood sugars are norml eating this way. total carbs for this meal is around 66grams which is high but eating this way negates the high blood sugars!  the artificial sweetner has been shown to make some people feel like they have the flu, its just a general achiness, not any stomach problems.    I think you have to recheck your diet. You also have to make yourself aware about the importance of living an active lifestyle so you will stay healthy and remain in perfect shape. You may also try the Trusclupt in NYC. Check out www.bodytreatmentcenter.com.  I have Peripheral Artery Disease. I got it in my late 40s due to blood coagulation problem. I also had very high cholesterol (over 300+ my entire life). I had difficulty walking by age 50. I put myself on high dose nattokinase and serrapeptase and the symptoms disappeared within 6 weeks. You will know it is working within 1 month. I eat as much cholesterol as I want. I have been on this over 6 years. I am on maintenance dose. Just experiment with dosage over time to get the minimum dose and cost. Please be aware that conventional medicine perpetuates lies about cholesterol. Just take the time to look at the studies. If the arteries are clean enough, you won't have heart disease. Ignore the cholesterol propaganda. They have Nattokinase made from bacteria and fungus, with and without vitamin K. Both work but I prefer the Nattokinase with Vitamin K. Without vitamin K is for people on prescriptions drugs. I take Best Nattokinase and Serrapeptase. I buy from Swanson vitamin because they are cheap. iI'm amazed they don't have Heart disease category for this. Chinese have done thousands of studies on effectiveness of fibrolytic enzymes for heart attack and stroke prevention.  I had same problem and found out it was my thyroid I gained 56 lbs in 4 weeks have some blood drawn but tell ur doctor to test ur thyroid. There are 75% of americans who have thyroid disease and it goes untested. try that and congrats on the new baby. God Bless and hope this help u out to ease ur mind some.\  Are you going from eating super healthy to going back to being relaxed about what you eat? If so, you are probably not used to processed foods anymore. Try starting with very little amounts of regular food mixed with your diet food and see if that helps.  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  no you have started a new diet and stayed with it keep up the good work  I have same problem. Nothing work for gas pain, except X Gas.  You can't keep eating like this and taking medication when ever you feel like . You need to find an Endocrinologists(Diabetic Specialist) who works with a nutritionist/dietitian. They can work together to get you to a more healthy weight and keep yor blood sugar undercontrol. In some cases if you loose enought weight the diabetes will go away all together.  yes it happens..my mom kidney is bad and it reach 6% meaning that's how much her blood is filtering per minute..And shes always getting that feeling in her mouth and the upset feeling ...When a normal person blood filter 95-125 per minute.....  A vegan diet is perfectly healthy for your son. You can get a complete diet based on the food pyramid if you are a vegan. Here is how: Grains - all natural forms of these products are vegan. If you buy processed foods you will need to check all the labels as some often contain animal products. Be careful, as some products use terminology that does not make it explicit that they are animal products. I recommend that you check an official vegan website for some of this terminology like Sheffafoods, veganfoods and many more, you can do some online searches to find the relevant information. Dairy: If you are a lacto vegan you can eat most dairy products. Milk is not an animal, so you might be okay with this. You will need B12 supplement if you are pure vegan; it is supplied in Soy Milk. Drink it daily if you are pure vegan.  Hi... The first thing you should know is your numbers so that you will be able to know if you loss some or gain more. Then you have to know what is the problem why you gained weight. Before I do gained weight and tried everything.Laxative teas that can caused dehydration, exercise that is hard but I just got some muscle pain but still on my number. I also tried pills that made me spent my days in the hospital. But when I know my problem that I have sleep disorder and because of staying late at night and eating more in midnight I am just helping my metabolism to be slow.  You could be pregnant in the tubes, never know until you have an examination by your ob/gyn. It could also be some kind of cyst or ulceration. ..so for example after having see it reopens the cuts causing immediate bleeding. Bright blood is fresh new blood so something like that makes sense. Obviously, you need to see a doctor to confirm what's going on .  diet shakes safe  nothing  Try working in a few feedings with rice cereal mixed with breast milk.  I would seek a Gastroenterologist. I think you might have an upper GI ulcer of some kind.  The midsection is a storage area for fat. It you eat a healthy diet of small amounts of meat and lots of fruits and vegatables and excercise , you should see a difference. Also, running or power walking is really good at burning off all those midsections pounds.  Who says you look 35- you or others? It's a matter of perspective. I am 58 and people tell me I look about 45. How would you like to look 45? I don't; rather look 35.. When you were 15 and wanted to drive your own car and drink and do other grown up things, I bet you wished you were 25. Drink lots of water- another thing, those bright vanity mirrors make-- everyone-- look older and shows every imperfection if you have one chuck it out.  have you tried taking a fruit or vegetable vitamin to supplement what your body is loosing, there isn't a lot of sugar in those I think it would help you get the energy without the bad effects of sugar or starch  have you been taking a new medication? i was put on lyrica and had no idea of the side affects i gained 30lbs in less then 3 months and asked my doc at next appointment and she changed them. but lots of meds have dif side affects on dif people.  Well that could be poor circulation, not stretching enough or dehydration. Make sure that you are well hydrated because when you become dehydrated, your limbs can start to feel cold and numb. Also, stretching your calf is very important. Just take a few extra minutes to stretch it like this: Go to a wall and press the toes and balls of your feet against the wall while the end part of your heel remains on the ground. Push your body toward the wall and you should feel the stretch on your calf. If none of this helps, it could be a circulation problem, so you should see a doctor. I had the same thing happening and the stretching and hydrating made it go away.  That can happen if you're eating a high-protein diet.  I think cottage cheese tastes so gross! So I feel your pain.  Dear Sir,  