Try half of an adult dose unless he has rottweiler in him.  Yes get him to the vet immediately for an exam.  No you shouldn't but get a piece of paper towel damp and wipe it off of his eye(s) every time. :-)  Your pet should be seen quickly by a veterinarian . It is a sure bet that the dog didn't always drag his tail, shake his head, move slowly, and reject fluids (water) as you state in your question. Something is very wrong and needs the emergency intervention of an expert. The situation has gone past the point of just being able to persuade the dog into taking in more fluids. The rejection of water is a symptom rooted in a more serious problem. The vet has the medical training to properly diagnosis illness, the equipment necessary to conduct a proper exam, and the ability to appropriately treat the animal. Without seeing the vet shortly to receive I.V. fluids, your dog's vital organs and systems will shut down resulting in its death. Dying due to chronic dehydration is said to be very painful. If money is an issue, then see if the vet will bill you in installments. If you cannot take the dog to the vet and work out the monetary expense issue, then please consider taking the dog to a local animal shelter for their help in determining a humane resolution.  My question, my little dog has a wart like breakout; to of head, back, leg, with around her buttocks, I just started applying Compound W, will this help?  yes  My vet told me cows milk was bad for my dog.......  If you think your dog has poison ivy, you should definitely wash your dog, because if you are getting it from your dog, then that's going to keep happening until you get that resin off the dog. The one thing is, you can't spread it from yourself. So if you have poison ivy on your body and you scratch, that's not how you spread it. It might be from under your nails, or from your gardening toolkit, or from your dog, those can be sources of it, but it's not from the rash itself. The way to treat it is really to see your dermatologist and get a strong cortisone cream or ointment or gel to put on it to help dry it up. When it's bad enough, you may even have to take cortisone by mouth, which isn't the ideal thing, but sometimes when it's bad enough and it's uncomfortable, that helps knock it out pretty well. It can start even two to three days after your exposure. So I have had patients come in, and it's three or four days later, and all of a sudden the rash starts to come out. So it doesn't always happen right away. The one thing is, if you think your dog has poison ivy resin on its fur, you have about ten minutes from your exposure to go wash it off. So if you have any suspicion; if he is out in the woods and he starts running around and he comes back and touches you, and you know he was in an area where there was poison ivy, try to get inside as quickly as possible. You can use soap to get that off your skin, but after ten minutes it's in, and you are going to have to deal with it. Taking antihistamines also helps. So you can take that as well. Something like Benadryl or Claritin or Allegra, all those types of antihistamines can help a lot. But sometimes when it's bad enough, you just have to take Prednisone by mouth for up to two weeks even before it starts to calm down.  The worms aren't really "spread through the house", but yes, you can get worms from your pets, especially children, because they are very hands-on and don't wash as often/well as most adults. A child playing outside may touch "contaminated" dirt where the cat has eliminated waste and then later touch their mouth and can contract the worms that way. Make sure you're very clean/careful when handling the litter box and wash your hands well afterward.  Chances are your dog just likes to lick your nose and ears. It's unlikely that the dog is doing so because there is any kind of health problem  I'm sorry your dog is having allergies. Well, this is primarily a forum for human health questions, but since I'm a dog lover, I'll answer your canine conundrum. Are you sure the problem is allergies? The symptoms of allergies (such as nasal allergies or hay fever) are very different in dogs than in humans. If you have any questions at all about whether or not your dog is truly suffering from allergies, you need to consult a veterinarian. My understanding (but don't take that to the bank) is that Zyrtec (generic name: cetirizine) is safe for dogs. I don't know the dosage, however. You can call a 24-hour animal hospital, and they will probably be happy to tell you. Diphenhydramine (brand name: Benadryl) is safe for use in dogs. It may be a better choice than cetirizine, in fact. But you should consult a veterinarian for specific dosing instructions for your dog. I hope your pup feels better soon!  Yes, you can still have babies even if a dog hair touches you. I think you're referring to an "old wives' tale" regarding infertility. Trust me, if every woman who'd ever been touched by a dog hair was unable to have babies, most women in North America would be infertile. An "old wives' tale" is a story that has no basis in fact. It's a superstition that gets passed down from generation to generation. Other old wives' tales about infertility in women include advice not to be licked by a dog or to live with a cat (or be touched by cat hair). None of these stories is true. I hope this helps!  Typically, the recommendation for dust mite and pet allergy is decreasing exposure. For dust mites, this would include washing the sheets in hot water once per week, keeping his bedroom vacuumed and implementing dust mite encasements for the pillow, boxspring and mattress. In regard to pet allergy, whether to get rid of the animals is a personal/family decision. At the least, keeping the animals out of the bedroom can decrease exposure. His allergist can make more specific recommendations in the context of the severity of your son's symptoms and test results.  You should be OK. You want to make sure that you keep your pet's medication in a separate area from your medications, including vitamins and over-the-counter medications. Also, make sure you are familiar with what your pills look like before you swallow them. Always better to be safe than sorry.  I have to draw the line when someone asks if they can take medication that was prescribed for their pet. If you have a "serious" infection, you are beyond Cipro, my friend. Any infection needs to be evaluated by a health care provider. Serious infections usually mean a trip to the hospital for IV antibiotics. We really need to focus in the U.S. on inappropriate use of antibiotics -- we are running out of choices to fight the "bad bugs" because of our careless use of antibiotics.  Hi, it could be. I would take him/her to the vet as soon as possible. Ten years old in dog years is about 60 or 70 in our years, so it could just be starting. The vet will do a thorough exam including x-rays. She may also recommend your "love bug" lose a few pounds. Best wishes!  Symptoms of reactions to the skin in dogs include raised bumps or swelling of the skin. The may become very itchy, and the skin may also become inflamed.  Dogs and cats are infected by different types of mites than those which infect humans. Animals are not a source of spread of human scabies. Scabies on dogs is called mange. When canine or feline mites land on human skin, they fail to thrive and produce only a mild itch that goes away on its own. This is unlike human scabies which gets worse and worse unless the condition is treated.  I'm a little late to the game but yes, dogs can get poison ivy with a similar reaction that humans get. And don't forget that the dog can pass the oil to you, and then you can get poison ivy if you're sensitive to it. If your dog has been in an area that you know has poison ivy or off in the woods where there is likely to be poison ivy, you should wash their coat immediately and be sure not to touch the dog yourself until all the oil from the poison ivy plant is washed off.  I'm not a vet but I have 3 dogs and 3 cats so I'll weigh in based on personal experience. There are products that you can spray on wood that make it taste bad to dogs. It makes the wood taste very bitter. One product I can think of off the top of my head is called Bitter Apple. However, if it's a large area, that might not be possible. You could ask your local pet store what products they have to see if they have something that works for a larger area. I have had good luck with those products but the problem is you have to keep using them until your dog associates the bad taste with chewing the wood. Then, he may just turn to something else, so ultimately it might be worth finding a professional that works with behavioral issues with dogs to get some pointers and try to get to the bottom of what might be causing him to chew.  I am not a vet but I do have 3 dogs and 3 cats so I have a lot of personal experience with pets. I would be concerned about the dog dragging his back legs. That is not something that would generally be caused by the routine causes of diarrhea. I am pretty confident any veterinarian would suggest the dog needs to be seen probably sooner than later. That is not something that over the counter meds would be able to treat.  Could be a sprain, a fracture, your thumb could have been jammed, or you bruisied the bone during the fall and that hurts tremendously! Take ibuprofen it also helps swelling and pain. keep icing it, and as much as it hurts DO NOT baby it, or not use it. you need to try and move your wrist and thumb as much as possible, it hurts really bad i know but if you baby it you can cause stiffness and sometimes they have to break bones and reset them due to severe stiffness. If the horrible pain continues longer than 10-14 days i say see a doctor.  Hi Try reading through this link, http://pets.webmd.com/dogs/gastric-volvulus-bloat-dogs-life-threatening-emergency?page=2 The only thing you can do is try, just need some plastic tubing. Do hope this helps you and your dog. Good Luck   Hi, Just something you could try but cooking this and see how it gets on, I use about 200 grams of pasta, hard cook sliced carrots and peas 5 minutes, with pasata, hot water and a sock cube, hard cook 5 minutes, now add the pasta and again hard boil for 5 minutes, put heat down to simmer and cook for 15 minutes, turn off the heat, top up water to just below the pasta mix put back the lid and leave for the rest of the day or overnight, lust add a small amount of hot water, this will help loosen up the pasta by hand, then pack for the fridge in a tub, add some meat mix and feed, or some dried biscuits. Sorry but my dog not being a bit fussy loves his pasta, he has some after his morning walk with biscuits, and his night time meal is about 25% pasta, he's fit and very healthy, we do a half hour walk in the morning, and one that's around an hour to an hour and a half late afternoon. Do hope this helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you have a very friendly dog, but it sounds like the kitten has cat flu, a trip to the vets would be nice for it, give your dog a nice present, and a play friend. Good Luck  Hi, NO they are not healthy, think of it this way, could you? NO It just needs some good healthy dog food and biscuits, this way it will live a long healthy life, and be your best friend. When you have a loving dog, you will always have a friend. Good Luck  Hi, NO they are not healthy, think of it this way, could you? NO It just needs some good healthy dog food and biscuits, this way it will live a long healthy life, and be your best friend. When you have a loving dog, you will always have a friend. Good Luck  Hi I cant see how it would hurt it, it was only a seed in there, there quite nice to eat, eaten loads as a kid. As with me, all things will pass. Good Luck   Hi I cant see how it would hurt it, it was only a seed in there, there quite nice to eat, eaten loads as a kid. As with me, all things will pass. Good Luck  Hi, Most dogs do love a bit of grass, normally the rough grass, its very good for there stomachs when its upset. As for thee tongues, there always warm and wet, its the same just as us. So her paws, one of mine dose not like that as well, perhaps there ticklish, as for being snappy, try this next time she dose it, grab her from behind her neck with a handful of skin, hold her down to the floor, talk to her loudly, not to keep doing it, as a pup if she played up her Mother would have done the same, try it, your find it works wonders. We have a young bitch that was only 3 weeks old when I found her, have had to be her Mother, and that includes doing that. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Most dogs do love a bit of grass, normally the rough grass, its very good for there stomachs when its upset. As for thee tongues, there always warm and wet, its the same just as us. So her paws, one of mine dose not like that as well, perhaps there ticklish, as for being snappy, try this next time she dose it, grab her from behind her neck with a handful of skin, hold her down to the floor, talk to her loudly, not to keep doing it, as a pup if she played up her Mother would have done the same, try it, your find it works wonders. We have a young bitch that was only 3 weeks old when I found her, have had to be her Mother, and that includes doing that. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Just google treat dog broken hind leg, there's some stuff from your tube, and lots more that may help. Give it my love. Good Luck  Hi What should you do ? Try seeing your vet. Good Luck  Hi doge eat only special grass's, they do this to purge there stomachs, its cleans it out by irritating the stomach. Cat do the same thing. Good Luck  Hi Dose not sound good, please go see your vet, same advice for humans blood in urine see your doctor, get the picture. Good Luck  Hi Dogs just pick out special grass's to do this, it cleans the stomach by irritating the stomach. Cats do the same thing. Good Luck  Hi Sounds very much like she is coming on heat, the drinking more, this is so she can urinate more, its putting down a sent trail, being off her food is another sign. But google this side effects of a female dog in heat, your find some interesting reading. Good Luck  Hi Well its time to get off to the vet and get some worming tablets, this is what dogs do when the have worms. Good Luck  Hi Its ok getting her outside to go, but she needs walking twice a day, a short walk and a long walk being a spaniel, I have a Britney and he's out with for 30 minutes of a morning and a long walk at night this one is an hour or longer, but try and make each walk long different, perhaps I'm lucky as were in Greece, loads of olives groves to walk through, so by this he can go anywhere he likes but never indoors. And we have a Lurcher type she dog that's Greek, had her since she was 3 weeks old yes she was dumped, because of my spaniel she's now house trained, like him loves being out walking. So get her out as much as you can, make her your right hand, meaning she goes most of the places you go, the more she's out with you the better she should get. Good Luck PS Dogs love us, and love being with us, but they do love being out walking, and yes they do take some of our time, but time you should love.  Hi So did you sleep like that or wash it all off again, if you did that cant see to much of a problem. Good Luck  Hi Just treat this with a strong sea salt water wash this will help clean and heal the cut do this n3 times to day then just twice a day till it heals over, it will back up the antibiotics. For more info just google wounds and sea salt, your find lots of info. Good Luck  Hi Yes the stress of losing our favourite pet is just like losing a member of the family, we get really attached to them, and its a great lose with either a cat or a dog. So sorry for your lose, it does hurt. Good Luck  Hi, That's a big no, no, unless its dog fish, rock eel if your English or skate bones, its the fish that has wings, these bones of these two fish are soft, both dogs and cats love them. But never seen a crab with bones in it unless you mean the shell, but still no, and along with fish bones the could puncture its stomach or get caught in throat. Good Luck  Hi, He must have something under his skin or a bad irritation, it would be best for you to see your vet, before its real bad. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read through this link, it should help you understand things, and what you should do. http://www.halton.ca/cms/one.aspx?pageId=10218#Q6 Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Good Luck  Hi You could try a good dose of olive oil, this should help soften any impacted stools, but if you have hypo, and with out a needle try getting some in its rectum, as this will help from the other way, or what stays in should. All clean and healthy olive oil that is, and drug free. Good Luck  Hi, Mushrooms are a no,no for dogs, along with garlic, grapes and chocolate, if you are a member of WebMD you can get lots of dog info, along with getting a weekly email from WebMD all about dogs. Do hope this helps you and your dog. Good Luck  Hi If this was not a vets advice? then you should not be given human drugs to your dog unless you were advised to, by a vet. Get your dog to a vet ASAP, tell him/her what you have been giving it. Good Luck  Hi Got this from WebMD the other day, its 102 to 102.5, perhaps you should sign up. Good Luck  Hi, Why don't you take it to the vets for your Mum, I'm sure this dose not sound right. Dose it ever get out for walks? fresh air would do it some good, if its not been out for a while it may go a scatty at first, also be nervous. But the vets, GO good Luck  Hi, Why don't you take it to the vets for your Mum, I'm sure this dose not sound right. Dose it ever get out for walks? fresh air would do it some good, if its not been out for a while it may go a scatty at first, also be nervous. But the vets, GO good Luck  Hi If your that worried just get back to the ER. Good Luck  Hi Sounds good to me, my dog would love that, so should yours. Good Luck  Hi, Well like us its what we eat, you could try changing his food, but you could try getting some ground charcoal in him, I did this, just put a spoonful in his meal, may help calm it down. His food may look a bit odd, just add a bit of extra meat gravy to help cover it, but a good hungry dog will eat most things, mine eats sheep poo, see they most things. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi There is always a risk of worms in cats and dogs that why you should see your vet for a worming tablets, only get worming tablets from your vet, its the best way to go. We worm our cat twice a year, they can also get worm from catching mice and rats. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you google this, dog eating cat food dangers, its like I thought, its not very healthy for dogs to eat cat foods long term, now the other way round is OK. I know its a problem with some dogs, till you find the right food, try this it may help, unbelievable but my cats first and then my dog, they all have a pasta mix with there food, reason we live in Greece and as kittens we could only get adult cat food, some we cut the strength by add cooked pasta, so over time it has evolved in to a pasta and veg mix it even has pasta in it, ok its a couple of bullion cubes, about a third of a half litre carton of pasta, carrots, peas all cooked at the end together and left to soak up the last of the juices over the day or night depending when its made, we get lots of clean plates, in fact they all love it. my dog ahs about a 1/4 of his food as pasta, has some after his morning walk with some biscuits, he's very fit and healthy, just loves long walks, through olive groves, which I will be away soon, there anything from and hour to an hour and a half, well it keeps me fit. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think your find it would be more down to separation anxiety, meds could help and therapy should help, I think a talk with your vet would be the best way for you to go. Hope you get the help you need. Good Luck  Hi For its heart worm, do have a good read of this link, could be better and cheaper that a vets, course of treatment at 3.000$. http://www.earthclinic.com/pets/heartworm.html Just copy into google to open and read. As for its depression try these links http://pets.webmd.com/dogs/features/depression-in-dogs http://www.webmd.com/depression/features/pets-depression This next one brings perhaps an answer, you say your just fostering him, perhaps its separation anxiety, this is something any dog can get mine does when I leave him at home always with good people as house sitters, when we get home he wont leave my side for the next 24 hours, do you know if he was just taken somewhere and left, to get on by himself, this could be the cause, just heart broken, but TLC will overcome this, but then you would be passing him on again, so would be getting the same thing again. So never ending, separation anxiety. The next link, http://www.pets4homes.co.uk/pet-advice/can-dogs-suffer-from-depression.html Just copy into google to open and read. Do hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi My dogs get all our leftovers, its like having a mobile dustbin, with luck they eat most things, chilli, curry, bits of veg, they just seem to love it. So from what your saying it would be OK Good Luck  Hi My dogs get all our leftovers, its like having a mobile dustbin, with luck they eat most things, chilli, curry, bits of veg, they just seem to love it. So from what your saying it would be OK Good Luck  Hi Yes its very good for your dog, helps to keep fleas of him/her, but your find some real good info if you google your question as it is. Lots to read. Good Luck  Hi As long as its not heavy on garlic and onions, you should be ok, my dog has some passata most day with pasta and some biscuits just for a snack for breakfast, loves it and is very well on it. Good Luck  Hi No go to your vets, they will have the right thing for it, Gaterade is for athletes. Good Luck  Hi wash its wound with sea salt, at the rate of 1 table spoon in a big mug, this will help clean and heal the wound. Do this till it heals over twice a day. For more info just google dog wound and sea salt. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Yes they are along with apples and bananas. Good Luck  Hi There only posisonous if the the plants or very green, bright red are ok, my dog loves skins from when My has them on toast, he also has pasta with morning pasta and biscuits, never seen any problems with him. Good Luck  Hi What you wife took is just antibiotic, and should not affect her being pregnant, from info on it. So just sit back relax. Good Luck  Hi, its one of the things we just do not understand, but it is one of the ways that the mother protects the rest of the litter. The mother dog will sense something that humans don't see about her puppy. Many times if there is an abnormality about the puppy or if the puppy is sick the mother will eat it to keep the rest of her litter healthy. There is a chance that the puppy just died as well, when no one was around, this is another reason a mother will eat her offspring. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your worried about worms, just get to your vet, if its a real young puppy, there's a cream for them being so young, as for the older cats just worming tablets will do. The fun part is getting the tablets in the cats, you may go ouch, I have 3 to do, so for me its ouch, ouch and ouch. If the puppy is 12 to 14 weeks old it to can have tablets. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well mine have a few each do, but here in Greece there just plain roasted peanuts, they do have a salt covering on the skins but they don't get that, and just love peanut butter on toast. Here's a link that may help you. The link, http://www.pawnation.com/2013/03/04/nuts-that-are-unsafe-for-dogs-to-eat/ Just copy into google to open and read. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This year we are using Seresto from Bayer, not cheap to buy, the only ticks we see are dead ones, and no fleas, so you can get these for mans best friend and smaller ones for cats, but if your cats have never had collars, you may find them hard for them to keep on, our vet out here in Greece, put one on his cat, 2 minutes later it was off, that quick. Sometimes they even get one of there legs through them, now that makes them look a bit odd. But they are very good. Good Luck  Hi If you have two cats its a normal thing when a cat comes in, the other cat will go up and smell the breath, amongst other things. So if you just have the one cat then your now its mate, so he/she wants to smell you and you breath. Good Luck  Hi See the above answer.  Hi It looks like your dogs are safe along with you and hubby, its a cat thing only, but have a read of these links, lots of info. http://www.petmd.com/cat/conditions/infectious-parasitic/c_ct_feline_immunodeficiency_virus_infection http://www.foha.org/index.php?id=92 http://www.blackgiraffe.com/jmight/fiv/fiv.html http://www.aspca.org/pet-care/cat-care/feline-immunodeficiency-virus-fiv Just copy each one into google one at a time to open and read. Do hopes these help you. Good Luck  Hi I can understand the no food, but not drinking?, we all need fluids, it keeps us alive, But the vet would be the best thing ASAP. Good Luck  Hi, Ok the life tapeworm just keeps going round and round, in the top and out of the bottom, sorry no pun, so if you see your dog picking up poo, there you are that's the way it goes, All the things we do for our dogs, and they still eat poo, and when the do, odds on they will get tapeworm, Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, This is the first time I have heard of shock collars, and I can see why your dog wants to run away, so would I. Seems you have forgotten how to train your dog, this is the lazy way, you should not own a dog if you think this is the way out, how would you like being zapped like that. Hope somebody else has an answer for you, for me first you need training, so you can train you dog, its not rocket science. Good Luck  Hi Your dog should now be old enough for a good healthy full diet of adult food. Good Luck  Hi google dog blot, you should find some help, but I think a vet would be best if its an on going thing. If I remember right blot is deadly. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read through this link lots of help, for both you and your dog. The Link, http://pets.webmd.com/dogs/guide/understanding-why-dogs-bark Good Luck  Whoever answered this question is wrong, and I'm curious as to what their medical credentials may be. Family Nurse Practicioners see this stuff all the time, and it's quite common.  I'm severely allergic to cats, before taking an allergy medicine was an option we had plenty of time to learn through trial and error what needed to be done. Wipe down surfaces first then sweep and vacuum, thoroughly, under everything behind everything especially for a young child that will be on the floor and getting into things, dont forget the furniture, after cleaning keep the animal confined to a different area of the house that you can keep your grandson out of (depending on how much your grandson will want to play with the dog you might want it put up out of site) also any linen he might come in contact with bedding, if you have an apron, whatever you are going to wear that day, curtains he can reach. If your heating system requires filter changing/cleaning do so often and/or right before a visit. if you can get an air purifier do so. keep in mind its not just fur you are worried about but also dander which is the dead skin that comes off animals and humans naturally. Sticky rollers are a good idea to keep around for quick cleanup of clothes or car seats and coats or blankets that are harder to wash as often as you might need. I always took benadryl since it made me tired and used melting allergy tablets once i was old enough to take them. Another measure i've found necessary is making it a habit of immediately changing my clothes when i get home and put those clothes in the washer to eliminate the chance of bringing any fur or dander into the home environment, if the allergy is high its a good idea for siblings and parents (who are even more likely to have been in the areas of your house that still have fur/dander or even went to play with the dog) to get their clothes straight into the wash and if he has a reaction he should also take a bath as well as changing his clothes to get everything off of him. If your grandson visits often then making bathing and combing your dog something you do rather often as well as sweeping and vacuuming more, if you can afford to upgrade to a better vacuum that can be helpful as well. Always watch your grandson for signs that he is having a reaction in case one occurs  Dogs are not usually susceptible to human respiratory viruses. This is why they are called Lucky Dogs. Besides, cold viruses tend to be more contagious a day BEFORE you know you have a cold, and for about two days afterwards.  My vet requires it for our three dogs. Apparently, the heartworm medication can be toxic/harmful if the dog actually has heartworms.  I don't think they would like it due to the strong smell......they would likely sneeze, roll around on their backs, etc. If you are using for "stink control", there are other ways that you can address the D.O.  You can talk to your vet, but I cannot imagine a cause of seizures that would be influenced by castration, so I don't think that would help. Seizures are typically neurological, not hormonal.  Fleas do not eat that much....and the blood is replenished very, very quickly in a well-fed dog. Hopefully, you have given the dog a good bath, treated the fleas, and are using a flea preventative.  No.  Chlamydia is sexually-transmitted, so hopefully your dog is more careful with his/her partners that you have. You dog is safe and you need to practice safe sex.  Cats and dogs are different species, but many higher-allergic children are allergic to many animal danders. To be sure, just ask the medical provider for a blood test for CAT DANDER as well. Longer-haired dogs have more dander than the bald ones, and there are some breeds that shed very little and are tauted as "hypo-allergenic" dogs, but I am skeptical. The sex of the dog should not make a difference...I never met a child that was only allergic to male dogs and not females, etc.W When an allergic person "reacts" and starts showing signs of allergy (itching, hives, sneezing, wheezing, swelling, etc.), we often blame the last thing they did....something they ate, touched, inhaled, or encountered, but that is only circumstantial. A child with allergies typically is allergic to many things, including some things that were not even tested. If you are being pressured to get a pet....a dog or a cat...it is best to be tested FIRST before you acquire and animal and become attached to it.  Insurance or not, there is very little that can be accomplished over the Internet in the way of diagnosis or treatment. Unless a medical provider can examine your daughter first-hand, it would not be possible to confirm or dispute her original diagnosis, let alone effectively treat her. The diagnosis of gout would require a blood test, as well as evaluating her challenged immune system. As you know, this cannot be done on-line. The most expensive care in the U.S. is at an emergency room. What she may have is not considered an emergency so, she would be better off finding a free clinic or one that charges on a sliding scale. Or, you can spend some time so she can get insurance, like Obamacare (ACA). I would not recommend her using flea and tick spray for dogs.  No. HIV is not a cat or dog disease.  This is an example of acoustic injury, like a gun shot or explosion. A dog bark, of course, is not usually as loud as those, but it can cause pain and ringing. In most cases, this will resolve in a week or so as the ear heals from this event. If not, you may need to see an ENT for an examination.  You can get an infection from any scratch....a dog, a stick, a fingernail, etc. A dog is really no more risky than any of those things. Basically, anything that breaks the protective integrity of your skin has the potential of causing a secondary infection. You have done the proper thing by immediately washing the wound, using an antiseptic, and a topical antibiotic. Changes are good that you will not get an infection, but if you see progressive redness, swelling, or pain at the scratch site, this could be a sign that the wound is becoming infected.  I am sorry to hear about your dog and his health challenges. While garlic is not usually a part of a canine diet, it will not harm him. His breath may be a bit more challenging when he kisses you, but don't keep from loving him back.  If it was, all of us dog lovers would be dead. A dog's saliva can contain a few pathogenic organisms, but believe it or not, there are MORE dangerous bacteria in a human's mouth (and we don't like the same parts that dogs do). Infants raised with loving animals, like dogs, will grow up healthy and not have any more diseases than those raised without face-licking dogs. As a matter of fact, the face-licked babies may even be immunologically stronger. With that said, I don't think you should encourage dog saliva exposure, but nor should you be appalled Dogs express their love to humans by licking and this dog loves the baby.  If a person is dog-allergic and spends a considerable amount of time in a home with dogs, it is likely that he will have an increase in his allergic responses. I know you do not want to get rid of your dogs, so antihistamines, like Claritin or Zyrtec, can block an allergic response, and of course, there are other prescription allergy treatments that his medical provider can prescribe. The child can get desensitization (allergy shots) therapy for dog dander, but that takes time and doesn't always work. The dogs should not sleep on his bed or even be in the room where he sleeps.  There are no set times for using Epsom salts for this purpose. As a matter of fact, I have never recommended it. What concerns me is the redness and swelling, which can be signs of infection, especially when it was an animal bite. I recommend that you call your medical provider or the place that sutured your hand, for patient-specific advice. As you know, I have no way of seeing or examining your injury over the Internet.  Not likely....since I do not know the specific germ (pathogen) causing your pneumonia, I do not have enough information, but in most cases, your dog is safe.  No. Warts are caused by a HUMAN papilloma virus. Dogs cannot get human warts, so he is safe to pet them or get licked as much as he wants.  Assuming they go outside in the yard to do their business, having them vaccinated is a good idea. We have had rabid skunks in our fenced yard in the past, so I am glad my three dogs are immunized. I take them to the Vet, the groomers, and to the dog park where they can be exposed to other animals who may not be immunized, so again, I am glad that I spend a few extra dollars to protect my best friends.  Not knowing what part of the world that you live or the seriousness of heartworm in your particular area, it would be best to consult your LOCAL veterinarian for dog-specific advice.  I don't know, and I have never had a patient ask me to test for hamster dander. I am not even sure if this is available. You can get a hamster and test it out, using your child as a "guinea pig" (no pun intended). If he experience allergic symptoms, then you will likely have your answer and you can find a new home for the hamster. Don't spend lot on the hamster equipment; just the basics until you know. Remember a few things: hampsters tend to be nocturnal (more active at night), so they love to run on those noisy wheels when you are trying to sleep. They are great escape artists, so he is most likely to get out and go free-range in your house. And, hamsters bite and five year olds tend to get bit because they are not as gentle with pets as they should be. Think about a goldfish....  Injection of WHAT? Rabies vaccine? Antibiotic? I don't have enough information to address your question, so I suggest that you call your doctor for a patient-specific response.  Yes. You may have a corneal abrasion.  Oops. I missed the "lid part" If the dog did not actually scratch your eyeball, then a corneal abrasion is less likely. If the dog only scratched your skin, clean it very throughly and apply a topical antibiotic ointment or cream. If it appears to be getting infected in spite of these home treatment efforts, then you can see your medical provider.  No...not poisonous, but it is not a good idea to feed dogs highly-spiced foods like this. It makes them fat and want to have beer to go along with it. Dogs will eat just about anything, but that does not mean it is good for them. While not poisonous per se, it would be best not to give it to them, no matter how persuasive their piercing sad eyes manipulate you.  Yes. Shampoo is shampoo. It is mostly soap/detergent...there is really nothing that is species-dependent.  Pink eye is caused by so many different pathogens that it would be technically possible, but unlikely.  Not a clue. You would have to specifically ask this surgeon why he/she is making this odd recommendation.  Impetigo is caused by either skin Staph or skin Strep. He does not neeed to get it from anyone since these bugs are normal flora on just about every human on this planet. An irritation....a scratch....a bite.....is all that it takes to break the protective integrity of the skin and allow this bacteria to go inward and develop impetigo. This can take as little as a day or so. If the impetigo can be covered, he is less likely to pose a risk to the other kids. It should be under treatment, either with a topical or oral antibiotic regime.  If it was a common brown tick, often seen on dogs, you are likely fine as long as you washed your hands. A deer tick (smaller) can cause Lyme disease if the tick actually bit you and attached, but no if you just picked it up from the floor. Yes, there is a high "yuck factor" but the chance of you picking up a illness from this act would be remote.  I have never heard that dogs get influenza, nor need flu vaccines. Dogs do need several different immunizations, but as far as I know, influenza isn't one of them.  I am not a medical professional, but I relate an experience I had many years ago as a young man. My thumb (just below the nail), was smashed in a doorjamb, and I did not lose the nail. Blood did accumulate, however, just above the cuticle and beneath the nail. I (quite unwisely) never sought medical treatment, and it healed on its own (luckily). It did cause pain, though, for quite some time afterward, and to this day (nearly 30 years later), the thumbnail is slightly malformed. There were no other apparent long-term effects, though. I don't, however, know that this is the same experience you're having. Given that you were bitten by a dog (and even under most other conditions), I would definitely advise that you seek a doctor's care to avoid or treat any possible infection that may arise or have arisen. Again, I'm no medical professional. There be other concerns of which I am unaware. Hopefully, you know this dog's owner and are aware of whether the dog may have any conditions that may be of concern (e.g., rabies, etc...). Anyway, after all of that, I would like to reiterate that I would urge you to see a doctor. He/she may also feel that draining the blood buildup would be a wise course of action in addition to prevention or treatment of infection, disease, etc... Sometimes seemingly small things develop into big problems.  A lot of the time animal bites, including pets can give infection if they bite you. Despite myth, their mouths are only as clean as the last thing they ate. It could of just cleaned it's private parts before it bit you or walked in it's own poop before it scratched you. I have been bit and did not go to the doctor right away and it get super infected really fast and ended up getting put on antibiotics. If you do get put on antibiotics, makes sure you eat a lot of high quality organic yogurt to put the healthy bacteria back into you gut that will be destroyed by the antibiotics. Good luck!  Because he's not hydrated enough. Same as people, the more hydrated the less smell and lighter the color.  I think that only a vet can prescribe medication for any animal.  you really need to get the dog to a vet- not eating or drinking will lead to dehydration and a slow death if not addressed. the dog could be poisoned! do NOT wait! VET NOW  Yes, you can contract ringworm from your pets, but it isn't quite as contagious as you've been led to believe. By keeping your home as clean as I'm sure you've done by now and treating your pet, you have probably taken all the necessary steps to keep it from spreading to people you care about.  It probably has an oral fixation or conflict tbh. I think during it's oral phase of development, some how the id and the super-ego became out of balance or suchlike. Basically, it is probably answered by reference to Freud, because a lot of his theory involved mouths and nipples and Oedipus personality types. I would say your dog probably needs to let out some of the suppressed memories in order to overcome it, I suggest The Dog Whisperer (or someone in a similar profession) as those are the closest to dog psychiatrists. I would love to meet the dog to properly psycho-analyse him using my basic knowledge of dog behaviour/Freudian theory, but I guess I live too far away.  I had a Bernese Mtn. Dog that would consistently try to sniff the area on my abdomen that was later found to be infected. My doctor first pooh-poohed my reports that the dog was telling me that I had an infection brewing but later came around. After a while all I had to say was "Loki says I have " and the doc was putting on gloves to start the exam. I tell you I am a 100% Analytical Science-type person but even I believe Dogs have a sense that we have not yet started to understand.  Wait a day or two for discoloration of the foot, if it turns purple red yellow it's broken, may have a contusion on the foot (bone bruise)  According to author Michele Welton, who has been a canine consultant for over 30 years, the recommended time to spay is 9, 12 & 15 months depending on their size when full grown. This is from her book, "11 Things You Must Do Right To Keep Your Dog Healthy and Happy". You can find her at www.yourpurebredpuppy.com  Check out author Michele Welton, who has been a canine consultant for over 30 years. In her book, "11 Things You Must Do Right To Keep Your Dog Healthy and Happy" she covers when to spay. You can find her at www.yourpurebredpuppy.com It is important to wait until the heat cycle has ended, then wait a couple of months for her reproductive system to settle down.  I have read in reputable magazinies that there have been dogs that have sniffed out skin cancer on their owner. They follow them around and sniff and try to nibble at the spot. The owner later found out that they had sking cancer at that spot. I have one dog out of 6 that I own that is a sore licker. She will like a minor sore for as long as I will allow her. I have diabetes, and it takes a sore longer than normal to heal on an extremity--except when I let Tillie lick it. Now this may say sound nasty to some of you. But I have also read that dogs were used for this purpose during WWII as well as sugar, when nothing else was available. Dogs are amazing, and my Tillie is the only one that will lick a sore.  It sounds infected to me. I would try to get to a doctor but in the meantime, I would put a topical antibiotic on it like bacitracin or something. I hope it feels better soon.  sounds like depression, or do you suffer from MS or any head trauma? If not its sounds like depression, if worse please seek a doctor. It is treatable.  my kids were all like this, some kids are just more sensitive to sound than others, but its always wise to get their ears checked by a physician  If it doesn't seem to bother her and it doesn't move it probably isn't a big problem, but you should probably see a vet soon, the sooner the better, just in case.  Have you tried the RICE method-rest,"icing=cold packs on 10mins per hr,compressing the foot w/an ace bandage & elevating it w/a pillow? try that for a day w/taking an Advil or Tylenol-if you notice any increase pain,swelling,color of your foot,inability to put any weight on your affected leg: -Get to an MD quick for an X-ray/evaluation. IMO-I think the RICE method will help you & this is most likely a sprain/strain & this is the traditional method of tx.  My mom is a vet technician and has been for over 20 years, she said that people can get ringworm from animal feces, usually cat feces. and they will be like dime size red rashes on your skin  No it is common for dogs to eat grass. I have 3 Dachshunds and they do it all the time. They may be lacking something in there diet. I would not be concerned.  Since there is only one spot. And it sounds like it is infected since there is puss coming from it. It does sound like a spider bite. Applying some antibiotic ointment on it should help. The dog may try to lick it off. Just keep applying it 2-3 times daily. If it is just a average spider bit it should start getting smaller. However, if it was a recluse spider it could get worse. And a hole will open up with more infection. If this happens see a vet. And get a antibiotic shot to get it into the blood stream faster.  If they are itchy, it's probably fleas. IMO they cannot get poison ivy.  Some but not all, best to get a veterinarian to prescribe the proper antibiotics if it is the same medication it may be cheaper at a local pharmacy, some states will allow you to buy your animals medications that are the same as human meds at the pharmacy but they do not require the vet to give you that option (by writing a script)    treat the dog first then yours should go away.  24 to 48 hours  From what i had researched for my psychology class on pregnancy, I think it is okay to eat hot dogs as long it is fully cooked. pregnant or not any meat should be fully cooked. no pink. spicy food. depends. probably need to watch how much spicy food you eat. (probably need more expert than me on the spicy food part) pop, energy drinks. stay away from it. it caffeine. too much caffeine can harm the baby. my friend is pregnant now and she says she had a pop (one) a month. and her baby is healthy. i hope this give you good suggestions. but you need to talk with your ob gyn or mid wife about diet while you are pregnant. they are best to ask  Yes, in fact, a griffon dog should probably drink milk as often as it eats.  most of the time pets can recive poison ivy just don't pet them until its gone  I've let my dog try them, but he doesn't really seem to like them. They are fruits so I don't see why not. Just be sure to rinse them to remove any pesticides!  You most likely sprained your ankle or stretched a tendon, I have done the same thing a few times. I usually wrap my ankle in an ace bandage and prop my foot up and take an anti-inflammatory medication to help with swelling. If your foot dosnt get better you should see a doctor.  Unfortuanately yes! Marieh9  Breeding dogs is not about the money, it is much more. Breeding involves the making of an invisible bond between you and your dogs. You have to look after their shape, coloring, temperament, obedience, and the overall appearance of your dogs. _____________ Mansfield Animal Hospital  Only a doctor could correctly diagnose this problem through x-rays. It sounds like you quite possibly may have damaged something within your knee. Get it checked out as soon as you can.  I have been told it is okay as long as you heat it up along with any deli meats you want to eat or anything to that sort.  this depends on the dogs weight. under 50 lbs-- 1 ----25mg(they are all 25 mgs each) over 50 can have 2 -- up to 3 x a day.  I cannot answer for sure --BUT almost ALL plants are to some degree dangerous to do gs,---- the least is seizures ----and ---vomiting,--**** to death !!! to be safe keep all plants away from dogs.  Do you keep your dog caged at night? If so they'll eat their poop, to keep the area clean. I have a Catahoula Leopard, she sometimes eats my Chihuahuas poop. I've researched this same topic. I've read you can put Hot Sauce on poop to act as deterrent. Pick up their poop as soon as they go. If they go inside your home they could be doing it because they know they'll be punished. Once they go throw a ball or a toy to distract them, and praise them for playing instead of eating. Also, it can be as simple as switching to a better brand of dog food, they may need more crude fats and protein. They'll eat cat poop because the poop to them smells like cat food.  thats hard to say if it doesnt get suck it shoud pass same as food but it may be something you want to call the vet about if you dont see it in a day or so .... also it might be a good idea to get that ring cleaned real well when you do get it back :)  i dont think thats a good idea dogs are different from people they have anti bacteral properties in their slaiva , so it pretty much not need but if you feel its something you would like to try for your dog give your vet a quick call and see what he has to say about it , hope this helps  Dogs definitely get poison ivy, it's just pretty rare. It's because it has to get past their fur or be ingested to even come in contact with the dog in a way that could affect them.  My daughter has a shih tzu. He is over 4yr. He has had seizures for past 2yrs. I was told that there was notthing she can do. He will always hav seizures with r without meds.  no in my experience with our pug ,if you have done flea medicine and its not worked. What i done was give them a sliver of my nerve pill and it helped, only a sliver no more. And it helped her so i think it is nerves.  Your pet could have a vitamin deficiency. I do recommend having him or her checked by a veternarian as it could be something more complicated.  the barometric pressure affects the way people feel. Especially those with chronic illnesses  No,I believe the only way to test for rabies is through a biopsy of the brain tissue. But if the dog was a rescue you should be able to trace it's records from the rescue agency? As some rabies vaccines are effective for a few years.  well i dont think its good for any dog have hot food, it can be harm-full for their teeth, better warm up a little bit  what to use to stop dog itching and chewing his body  my husband and our dog have diabetes and it depends on how bad diabetes is weight and control of diabetes and all. If ur not getting consistent reading the dogs diabetes in not controlled it will be high and then low and in between its a nightmare thank god i was a nurse til i got sick myself but its alot to handle. get dog to vet r call them  I also have this issue. I've narrowed it down to two things ;the early onset of carpal tunnel/arthritis. Or nerve damage in the elbow.  I am not no expert. My opinion yes. Why I say this. I have extreme allergies. The pet dander can cause him to have breathing problems the hair as well. I should know stayed with a friend who had 2 dogs inside both short hair. I slept in the front bedroom where the dogs were not allowed and I could not breath and felt like something was stuck in my throat. Believe it or not I would cough and cough still after months being gone and I had hair in my throat. Same is true to infants. A blanket could smother them. Not only from being over them but the fiber particles breaking loose and coming in contact with their air ways. Something to think about. I love dogs don't get me wrong. I have owned a Malamute but I had to keep him outside. I think it is up to you what you do. If there is any signs up breathing problems or coughing sneezing scratching. itchy eyes etc I would get it checked.  as long as they are not red around the area and not itching you should be safe.  Depending on size of dog, baby aspirin for pain, and children's benadryl in dose recommended for weight. What are you giving both for?  Its better you Consult a specialist in this case to avoid any bad effect from the dog bite..  Your dog could have a bladder infection. Strong smelling ammonia pee is a sign of a bladder infection. Look for signs of frequent urination. If so, your dog will need to see a vet. One other thing to keep in mind is that if your dog isn't spayed or neutered their urine tends to have that ammonia smell to it also.  I give my dog one 325mg aspirin for her hip pain when it flares, maybe try this? No Tylenol or ibuprofen though, it is toxic to animals.  how do I treat occasional diarrhea in my dog  You need to seriously evaluate your common sense. A stray dog licking you means he trusts and likes you. Quit letting anxiety make it anything more. If concerned, wash your hand with soapy warm water. End of story.  You can give dogs aspirin, but dosage is different per dog, and the vet may want to put your dog on something else.  Unless you touch bodily fluid, tissue, or saliva of the animal with broken skin, like a cut or scrape of something like that, you're safe.  