  Hello MissChung,  it might be an ullser.  You have come to an important point in your life - your drinking is not making your life better, it is clearly making your life worse - and I also sense that you are worried. If your gut is telling you to worry, do not ignore it! I would first advise you stay away from the people places and things that have been part of your "alcohol-using life." There are now more types of help available than ever before, and most are more accessible to you than ever before. The easiest, most accessible and most affordable (FREE) is AA. Counseling with a professional addictionologist is also an option. However, if you find that your best efforts to help yourself with only modest assistance do not work, that is a very clear sign that you need professional, specialized help. That help comes from an alcohol/drug treatment program. Whatever you do  meetings, counseling and/or treatment - don't drop out. There are over 20 million people in long term recovery from serious substance abuse. and you could be the next one!  Do not drink it. Many friends of mine have tried it and it always gives the the poops. Try rubbing or or anouther alternative walking, swinging. Keeping the mind snd body busy.  Night Terrors. This causes the child to scream like is in fear. Your child is not awake during this. You can try to comfort them and it won't help. Sometimes waking the child up makes it worse. My daughter had them and my doctor told us to not disturb her and it worked better than when we awoke her.  I'm a 24 year old White male by the way  I would also like to add, that most often I cannot sleep more than a few hours of very light(low quality) sleep, if I consume any amount of alcohol, some times even if it's lots of hours before I go to bed.  Caffeine can increase your blood pressure and heart rate a little, just as Concerta and all of the other stimulant medications can. Although there is the risk that the combination can lead to significant and undesirable increases in your BP or HR, this is not a common occurrence and I do not believe most...doctors recommend stopping consumption of all caffeinated beverages for patients on stimulants. ...  and when i do a big sneeze i end up with a stuffy nose then but once i blow it it goes away its not like a 24/7 stuffy nose like u have when u get a cold...what can help =[  Nothing has really changed in my diet. No meds or vitamins etc. and they did a UTI test. Everything they tested for was negative. Everything was fine. What else could possibly cause this drastic change in smell?!?!  Just a thought. Probably have no energy because you are dehydrated from the increased loss of fluid even tho you are drinking, it may very well not be enough. The blood may be caused from the increased amount of defecation causing irritation in the bowel. The first thing that comes to my mind is Cholecystitis (gallbladder inflammation and/or stones). I have been an RN for over 20 years and have had this condition myself and it was necessary to have my gall bladder removed. The symptoms that you describe is exactly what I experienced to a "T". A total gall bladder work up was suggested on my behalf and surgery was required. A visit to your physician is must assuredly suggested and questions related to the gall bladder and even the pancreas should be explored.  Not sure if it is related but my daughter has a yeast intolerance and a lactose intolerance and she vomits immediately from some foods while from others it is bedtime or after a few days of building up yeast in her system. Now that I have her intolerances figured out, we have changed her diet dramatically.  I heard from a natural doctor that it is even a healthy thing, once in a while, to drink your pee. [I'm just not sure why.]   Your boyfriend's suicidal thoughts require serious intervention on your part. You must be firm in taking control to prevent him from possibly harming himself. Since your boyfriend is experiencing suicidal thoughts, he should immediately go to the hospital emergency room and be assessed. While there, the medical staff can determine if the Prozac is causing his physical and emotional changes as you describe in your question.  I wish that I had better news for you. It is a certainty that you did everything you could to help your son before he passed away. And now you are facing the same scary situation again. Unfortunately, sometimes despite our most valiant efforts to help a sick family member, they seem to be on a self-destruct mission and will implode. At 21 years old, your grandson is all grown-up and considered a man. You cannot force him to change his reckless lifestyle or to seek professional help. To be honest, he seems to heading for either death or prison. Here are my recommendations to help with the challenges that he presents to you: Do not enable his behavior by giving him money or by helping him to circumvent his personal responsibilities, Keep yourself physically and emotionally safe. If you feel that danger is in the air by way of your grandson, then detach yourself from his life. That may mean having him legally removed from your home, having locks changed on your residence, calling the police for help, or by obtaining a restraining order. Sometimes mentally sick individuals (along with their friends) are capable of causing their well meaning family members physical, emotional, and legal harm. Do not blame yourself for his negative life-style. It is not your fault. Your grandson will exploit any guilt that you may display. He is most likely morally bankrupt and will rob you of your physical property and health as well as your love for him. I wish you well during this time of uncertainty.  I wouldn't recommend trying it, but I have seen survival tales on television where people did not drink for up to 10 days and lived to talk about it. My son was an Eagle Scout and I remember him telling me about the law of 3's .. a person can survive as follows: 3 days in the cold wilderness without shelter, 3 weeks without food, 3 minutes without taking a breath, and 3 days without drinking water. Since you have not eaten or drank anything for at least two (2) days, I recommend that you seek immediate medical attention.  It's not a great idea. Although the jury is still out on this subject, most energy drinks come with a warning that pregnant women, children and those sensitive to caffeine shouldnt drink them. There are many negative nutritional consequences associated with most energy drinks. As you may know, keeping your weight under control during pregnancy is critical to your health and that of your unborn baby. Unless they are low in sugar or reduced / lo-carb , these beverages are loaded with sugar and empty calories. Energy drinks also contain too much sodium which may lead to fluid retention, hypertension, and electrolyte irregularities. Besides caffeine, these drinks may also contain contain an ingredient called taurine ;although it occurs naturally in the body, it may cause tachycardia and heart palpations. Some taurine used in these drinks is artificial and may lead to seizures and other organ disturbances. As you may also know, the unborn baby is also receiving this chemical ingredient and may experience the same negative cardiac effects. Energy drinks contain other preservatives, flavors and coloring chemicals that may also be injurious to you and your unborn child. Please discuss this question with your obstetrics and gemological professional before consuming this beverage.  I'm going to be honest and not dance around the probable cause of your daugter's g.i. disturbances and hugh weight gain. My gut instinct says that she's more likely than not to be abusing alcohol. Here are the absolute facts: What can you do? Do not make-up excuses or be an enabler. You did not cause your daughter's probable alcoholic condition and certainly cannot cure it. But, be constructive and do not close your eyes to a possible serious disease that has probably taken control of your daugher.Talk to other close family members and perhaps your doctor about your daughter's symptoms. Listen to their assessment of your daughter's behaviors.If you are in agreement with my instincts that alcohol may be a problem, it is time to have a meeting with your daughter to promote reality. Be prepared for resistance and lies. It's part of the disease process. Have an alcohol breath tester available to call your daughter's denials for what they probably are.. that is, fabrications. Yes, I could be wrong especially with such limited information. But unfortunately, I think that I'm right. Take action quickly as things can spiral out of control before you can blink an eye..The faster that proactive intervention is employed, the sooner that you and your daughter will have restored good health.  Drinking alcohol may contribute to experiencing a sore throat. Some of the many reasons that drinking alcohol may cause a sore throat include the following:  I am sorry for your sister's decision. Unfortunately she has chosen alcohol over life. I am not a doctor; medical advice should always be sought-out first as being most reliable from the physician in charge of a patient's case. With that said, I'll help you to understand what may be going on from a lay-person's perspective, and from the outside. Your sister may be suffering from bleeding due to oesophageal varices . Yes, this one of the last stages of liver failure due to alcoholic cirrohosis. These varices can be seen as striations marks on the abdomen and represent blood vessels running from the GI tract. Blood is diverted by way of veins into the body's system without being processed by the liver. The varices eventually become larger and hemorrhaging may occur. Even with medical treatment, the mortality rate is high as re-bleeding episodes are frequent. Treatment made soon after symptoms appear may prolong life. These treatments include controlling the bleeding with ice packs, blood replacement, and various medications. Sometimes a patient with early diagnosis and treatment may become be a candidate for a life saving liver transplant. Due to the apparent advanced stage of liver disease in your sister's case, the most likely treatment will be efforts to prolong life through the control of bleeding and palliative measures. I am sorry for the dismal prognosis. Hopefully my answer has provided you with some beneficial information. I wish you peace during your time of family crisis.  Congratulations on making the decision to cease your alcohol consumption. You are describing a condition called Alcohol Withdrawal Syndrome. Withdrawal side effects from alcohol in the body affects individuals differently. Some will experience none to little in the way of side effects while others will have severe physiological and psychological symptoms. Around the 4th or 5th day, the symptoms of Alcohol Withdrawal Syndrome tend to be at their highest level of intensity. At this point in your individual detoxification from alcohol, the acute physiological withdrawal symptoms should be under control. Some of these symptoms may include: sweating, headache, vomiting, low grade fever, black-outs, intense thirst, hallucinating, seizures, hand tremors, racing heartbeats, generalized anxiety, and others. Withdrawal from chronic abuse of alcohol over the course of years is serious business and can result in a medical emergency situation. In situations such as your alcohol withdrawal, medical supervision would have been the preferred method. Your current uncomfortable physical and psychological symptoms should be investigated and not ignored. Based upon your history of heavy alcohol usage, I strongly recommend that you have a complete physical examination A.S.A.P.to assess your overall health. It is possible that some long term neurological conditions and deleterious system changes, or organ damage may have resulted from years of heavy alcohol dependence. No matter what lingering negative symptoms that do remain, you're still ahead of where you would have been without stopping. Over the course of time, the quality of your entire life should improve for the better. I applaud your efforts at restoring normalcy into your life. The challenge now is to remain abstinent from alcohol usage through life style changes and support systems that you put into place.You just got off from a swaying 24 foot ladder at perhaps the 20th foot. If you get back on the same ladder, it will be at the same 20th foot. After years of chronic alcohol dependence, unfortunately, we don't get the opportunity to start over again at the first rung of the ladder. Best wishes for your continued success.   In order to come up with some reliable numbers, assumptions needed to be made as follows: Sex Male, age 30, height 5'8", exercise level moderate. A 12 ounce can of Pepsi contains 150 calories. Drinking 8 cans per day adds an additional 1200 calories. If you could eliminate 7 of cans per day, you would save 1,000 daily calories from being added to your diet. That 1,000 daily calorie reduction would result in approximately a 2 pound per week weight reduction . That means in approximately 3 months, the total weight loss would be about 24 pounds just by cutting back on the soda to one per day. That's not too bad! Weaning yourself off the soda slowly (perhaps by eliminating 1 can every 3 days) may help with possible withdrawal headaches.  You may be lactose intolerant. Sometimes lactose intolerance does not begin until we reach adulthood. Or, if present as a child, the condition may worsen as we become older. According to kids heath.com, "Lactose intolerance is a very individual condition and it's often easy to manage if you're in tune with your body. Everyone's different, but most people with lactose intolerance are able to eat a small amount of dairy. The trick is to eat dairy products in combination with other foods that don't contain lactose and not eat too much dairy at once. When you use milk with cereal, your are not ingesting as much lactose compared to drinking a glass of milk by itself. The same thing may be happening with the cheese. Eat some cheese by itself, and you're probably by the sheer quantity ingested, setting off the lactose intolerance condition. Add pasta to the cheese, and the quantity of cheese being ingested is reduced. I recommend that you start a diet journal. List all foods and beverages ingested, the dates and times eaten, other foods and beverages included with the meal, and describe any negative consequences. Make an appointment to see your doctor,to have testing completed on which type of digestion abnormality exists. Don't forget to show your doctor the food journal. Lactose intolerance and milk product allergies, are different disorders that require different treatment options.  I am sorry for your dad's serious condition. After 2 weeks of not eating or drinking a person would be close to death. The human body when bedridden ( where energy is barely being expended) , can survive a maximum of 8 -14 days without fluid intake . The hospital would have had a responsibility to treat your dad and stabilize him before discharging him from the ER. Was he given IV fluids at the ER? What instructions were provided by the ER prior to his discharge? It would be interesting to know if your dad refused treatment. Nutrition is a part of required medical treatment that must be provided by the hospital.But the patient may refuse medications, food, and fluids just like any other medical treatments. Unfortunately,without intervening with fluids almost immediately, the body will shut down and death will soon occur. I wish you well during this period of uncertainty.   A fatty liver is just what the name implies; it is a liver with excess fat content (all liver contain some fat). Sometimes the symptoms of feeling sluggish, dry mouth, abdominal pain, and others, are barely noticeable. With the cessation of drinking and other positive lifestyle changes, a fatty liver may be reversible. On the other hand, a cirrhotic liver indicates scarring, is non-reversible , and potentially life threatening . Various medical studies have shown a decreased life expectancy for those afflicted with cirrhosis. Like many diseases, early diagnosis and treatment will affect the long term survival of its victims. The positive news is that cirrhosis of the liver usually takes time to fully develop. Cirrhosis does not necessarily have to be a death sentence. Cirrhosis of the liver is broken down into four (4) distinct and progressive stages. Once stage #4 has been reached, the prognosis is grim. Please open the WebMD link below for a more detailed explanation of the stages involved with liver cirrhosis disease. http://answers.webmd.com/answers/5046324/what-does-cirrhosis-do-to-life-expectancy-and-what-is-the-typical-course-for-a-patient-with-cirrhosis I recommend that you talk with your doctor about your individual liver damage, the stage of your liver disease progression, and the long-term prognosis. Also consider seeing a nutritionist to recommend foods that are helpful to the liver's performance. Some foods like spinach are reported to provide an overall positive health benefit to the liver. Congratulations on ceasing to drink alcohol. No matter what liver organ damage has occurred, you've almost surely guaranteed yourself a longer life and a more satisfying life.   A certain amount of edema (tissue fluid buildup) in the arms, hands, ankles, and feet is a normal occurrence for a woman in her 3rd trimester of pregnancy. Drinking additional amounts of water can be a helpful form of treatment for your edematous condition . I recommend that you contact your doctor about the swelling of your face and puffiness around your eyes. It is important to eliminate a serious medical condition as the cause for your facial and eye symptoms. One of those serious medical conditions is called preeclampsia. Preeclampsia can cause a spike in blood pressure and result in kidney function irregularities. Conclusion: Most women experience swelling of the arms, hands, legs, ankles, and feet during pregnancy. A sudden swelling of the face and puffiness around the eyes should be assessed by a medical professional. I hope that this answer has been helpful.Best wishes for the upcoming birth of your child. May labor and delivery be a positive experience full of joy.  Dark urine appearing to be brown colored is a sign of a system change usually due to one of the following situations: Dehydratio n- That's why you were told to drink plenty of water. The less fluids that are taken in results in a more concentrated urine. Medications - Certain medications being taken can cause darker urine to occur. Make a list of all prescription and over the counter medications that are being taken. Be prepared to show the list to your doctor. Foods - Some foods can also cause the urine to darken in color. Again, start a diary of foods that you consume. Medical conditions can also cause the urine to appear brown in color and may include: - Infections (especially of the urinary system), -Liver disorders such as cirrhosis and hepatitis when excess bilirubin is passed-off and giving the urine a distinctive brown color. I agree with the nurse that you should see the doctor for an assessment if the urine remains dark in color beyond 24 hours.   The tonic water contains quinine which was sometimes prescribed in the past for leg cramps and RSL symptoms. Quinine was removed from the market by the FDA as an ingredient in prescription and over the counter medicines because in a small percentage of individuals quinine was found to cause a blood disorder. The drawback to treating your RSL by drinking tonic water is that an 8 oz. glass contains only about 20 mg. of quinine and that at least 200 mg.is needed to receive the necessary therapeutic benefit. Therefore, you would need to consume about 10 glasses of tonic water to achieve positive results.  CHF reduces kidney function and may lead to symptoms of fluid overload and retention. Many CHF patients are therefore prescribed diuretics and have their diet limited for sodium intake. Additionally the drinking of large amounts, or even moderate amounts of tea coffee, and other fluids is usually discouraged. A healthy adult may be asked to drink at least 64 ounces (8 cups) of liquid per day. A CHF patient is typically asked to keep fluid intake to about 32 ounces (4 cups) per day including water. They clearly should avoid taking in more than 6 cups of fluid daily or 48 ounces.  Your pet should be seen quickly by a veterinarian . It is a sure bet that the dog didn't always drag his tail, shake his head, move slowly, and reject fluids (water) as you state in your question. Something is very wrong and needs the emergency intervention of an expert. The situation has gone past the point of just being able to persuade the dog into taking in more fluids. The rejection of water is a symptom rooted in a more serious problem. The vet has the medical training to properly diagnosis illness, the equipment necessary to conduct a proper exam, and the ability to appropriately treat the animal. Without seeing the vet shortly to receive I.V. fluids, your dog's vital organs and systems will shut down resulting in its death. Dying due to chronic dehydration is said to be very painful. If money is an issue, then see if the vet will bill you in installments. If you cannot take the dog to the vet and work out the monetary expense issue, then please consider taking the dog to a local animal shelter for their help in determining a humane resolution.  Actually, 24 lbs. is about 16% below the 28.4 average weight for a 2 year old child. Is the child having regular wellness visits? These visits are important as the medical professionals can assess growth and development factors, run routine diagnostic testing, and question the caretaker about their concerns. Chronic vomiting is a symptom that something is medically wrong with the child. Because of the vomiting and lack of appetite, the child may not be receiving/retaining the ideal caloric or nutritional values necessary to gain weight and to thrive. It could be allergies, anatomical structural deviations within the digestion system, or a host of other problems. Please take the lead in ensuring that this child receives a complete medical work-up.  The short answer is yes. It's probably not harmful in the strict sense of the word, but does adversely affect digestion. I've seen enough articles on drinking fluids while eating to form the opinion that the practice does dilute gastric acid in the stomach and interferes with the digestive process. Drinking fluids with meals is a controversial issue. Some proponents suggest that drinking while eating clearly aids in the digestive process and helps individuals to feel fuller quicker. The objectors to drinking while eating seem to be in the majority . They cite the fact that digestion actually begins in the mouth with saliva softening food; It is concurred that the saliva is diluted by the fluids and adversely affects digestion. They also point out that fluid in the stomach while eating will dilute gastric juices that are instrumental to the digestion process. A point of information,although limited to a particular group of individuals, should be injected into the conversation. That is that it's common practice by bariatric surgeons, for whatever reason, to have their bariatric patients refrain from drinking while eating.  The short answer is yes. It's probably not harmful in the strict sense of the word, but does adversely affect digestion. I've seen enough articles on drinking fluids while eating to form the opinion that the practice does dilute gastric acid in the stomach and interferes with the digestive process. Drinking fluids with meals is a controversial issue. Some proponents suggest that drinking while eating clearly aids in the digestive process and helps individuals to feel fuller quicker. The objectors to drinking while eating seem to be in the majority . They cite the fact that digestion actually begins in the mouth with saliva softening food; It is concurred that the saliva is diluted by the fluids and adversely affects digestion. They also point out that fluid in the stomach while eating will dilute gastric juices that are instrumental to the digestion process. A point of information,although limited to a particular group of individuals, should be injected into the conversation. That is that it's common practice by bariatric surgeons, for whatever reason, to have their bariatric patients refrain from drinking while eating.   Eczema is a term widely used to cover a broad range of non-contagious skin conditions characterized by inflammation and reddening. The skin is considered to be the bodys largest organ. It stands to reason that conditions affecting liver performance will show in skin abnormalities. The connection between the liver and skin lies in that both organs purify and eradicate toxins from the body. The main functions of the liver include the breaking-down fatty acids and carbohydrates, protein processing, and destroying body system pollutants. Without the liver performing properly, toxins can accumulate and may result in eczema of the skin. Having a skin irregularity is only one symptom of possible liver disease.Based upon the information that you supplied, it is not possible to determine if the patient has a terminal liver disease. It is not even possible to determine if a liver condition does exist. Only through diagnostic testing evaluated by a medical professional in conjunction with a complete medical history and exam can the liver's health status be determined.  .What has been proven is that energy drinks negatively affects the rhythm of heart beating and increases the blood pressure. The reasons behind these side effects is most likely attributable to the high levels of caffeine that energy drinks contain. Too much caffeine can lead to caffeine intoxication causing vomiting, rapid heart beating, psychiatric disorders, seizure activity and even death.   The jury is still out on this question, but I suspect that chlorinated drinking water does have some responsibility for the occurrence of bladder cancer. Some clinical studies involving bladder cancer and chlorination of drinking water dance around the results. This avoidance of providing a clear bottom line result is accomplished by stressing the benefits of water disinfection through the chlorination process as outweighing bladder cancer concerns. According to Cancer research uk, long term drinking of tap water containing high levels of THM chemicals, increases the likely hood of bladder cancer development. When chlorine is used to disinfect water it can break-down into chemicals called trihalomethanes (THMs). As a side note, these chemicals can also be absorbed into the skin, or breathed in as water droplets, when bathing, showering, or swimming in chlorinated water. The increased risk for bladder cancer after long term exposure to THMs has been estimated to be twofold. The risk was higher for men than women.  Although side-effects from Rituxan usually happen within 24 hours of its administration, one of its possible side-effects is dizziness. This can be a serious condition and should be reported to your physician immediately. Your blood sugar is too high, but should not cause you to feel dizzy. Please make certain that you are eating responsibly and taking your insulin as directed. Many conditions can cause dizziness including ear disorders, heart disease, consuming alcohol,and certain medications. Because of the many possible reasons for your dizziness, it is best to seek immediate medical attention. Best wishes for a speedy resolution to your medical conditions.  It sounds like you may be describing a condition referred to as "Gustatory Hallucination". This is when an individual tastes something that really isn't present. Some emotional disorders can have gustatory hallucinations as one of their symptoms. But more common reasons include seizure disorders of the temporal lobe, brain tumors, and migraines. A neurologist may do diagnostic testing to determine the cause of your taste misperception. .  1. Energy drinks that contain sugars as an ingredient may raise your blood sugar. 2. Many of the major brands of energy drinks provide the choice of purchasing their product in the forms of low sugar, sugar free, reduced sugar, reduced carb, and carb free options. This group of energy drinks will have varying impact on blood sugar levels from no effect or only a slight effect, to higher effects based on the sugar content.  It sounds like you may be describing a condition referred to as "Gustatory Hallucination". This is when an individual tastes something that really isn't present. Some emotional disorders can have gustatory hallucinations as one of their symptoms. But more common reasons include seizure disorders of the temporal lobe, brain tumors, and migraines. A neurologist may do diagnostic testing to determine the cause of your taste misperception. .  Although I do not know your age, number of years drinking, or your normal alcohol intake, it sounds like you'll be ok this time. But if the discomfort persists for more than 48 hours, then a visit to the doctor is justified. Alcohol is a caustic drug. Bloating and minor abdominal pain may be the first symptoms that your liver is being assaulted. In time a liver will become fatty with chronic alcohol consumption.. Some heavy drinkers will eventually develop liver scaring and be diagnosed with cirrhosis which can be deadly. I respectfully recommend that you listen to your body, and take a serious and honest inventory of your heavy drinking episode as it may ultimately impact your overall future health. Below is a link to a WebMD article describing the effects of alcohol on the body http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/addiction/features/12-health-risks-of-chronic-heavy-drinking  Studies with a conclusive answer to your question just don't exists. It is an individual decision based upon the affects that coffee has on your unique bodily system and how much you either enjoy or don't enjoy coffee. I personally won't drink coffee after 5:00 PM. To many individuals, drinking a well-brewed cup of coffee while engaged in good conversation with others is one of life's finest pleasures. Quite a few friends and family members that I know can drink gallons of coffee without becoming edgy and will fall asleep like a baby immediately when desired. Caffeine can cause rapid heart beating, neurological irregularities, subtle psychological disturbances, and frequent urination to name a few side-effects. I know some folks who say that even modest amounts of caffeine cause them to become nervous, anxious, jittery, and that they cannot go off to sleep as desired. Some of these individuals limit their coffee intake to one or two cups early in the day and will not drink coffee after noontime arrives. Still others must have that one final cup of coffee after dinner between 5:00 PM and 7:00 PM. Like most enjoyable foods and beverages, moderation is probably the best policy to follow with a cut-off time determined by how coffee affects your body systems.  Urinating 4 - 8 times per hour is not normal and I am certain that it is disturbing. Her are my recommendations: I hope that this answer has been helpful.  Take your weight and divide by 2! Thats how many ozs. of water you should drink daily. Caffene de hydrates you!  Running to the restroom more then 8 times a day skin is very itchy.  If it is shortly after you eat, it sounds like gas bubbles. try drinking a soda to burp... it usually helps me  Just a suggestion..why not try getting calcium in from other sources as well? For instance Kale contains calcium. :-)  Have asked your doctor to check for Gallbladder Stones?  Ultimately she is responsible for her own mental health and life. Bipolar doesn't go away ever, and she will have to learn to monitor and control herself so that her moods don't run her life. There are 12-step programs for Adult Children of Alcoholics (and other dysfunction such as perfectionism, hyper-religiosity and any kind of abuse). She needs to know that her own out-of-control tendencies (anger, indiscriminate sex, any addiction including shopping, among others) are not acceptable behaviors (learn to communicate without fighting) and start working on herself. You can be supportive, but you can't do the work for her. She is not good mother material so I would avoid even thinking about it until she has proven she can get herself under control. A bipolar person is unstable, and instability is not what a child needs to thrive in all ways, including emotionally.  As per your descriprtion you need to konw that what is Infertility and should you need to be on Clomid or not?  I was always told that milk makes ulcers worse yet when I suffered from them it was the only thing that gave me relief!  Just a normal result of growing up.  Fiber is typically beneficial in alleviating constipation, but too much without enough water can actually cause constipation. Keep in mind that there are two types of fiber, soluble and insoluble. Soluble fiber slows digestion and helps you absorb nutrients from food, where insoluble fiber adds bulk to your stool, helping it to pass more quickly through the intestines. Most plant foods contain some of each, but insoluble fiber is more common in wheat bran, whole grains, cereals, seeds, and the skins of many fruits and vegetables. You may have added too much fiber too soon. It might be beneficial to temporarily decrease your fiber intake for now so that you can slowly and gradually reintroduce it back into your diet, allowing your body time to adjust to it better. Youre correct in drinking plenty of fluids since water is necessary to help fiber move stool out of your body. If you eat too much fiber without enough water you can become constipated, so it may be worthwhile to also drink more water even if you feel as though youre getting enough. According to The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, women should aim for 25 grams of fiber per day and men should aim for 38 grams per day. After the age of 50, the recommendations for fiber drop to 21 grams per day for women and 30 grams per day for men. You and your doctor may discuss different needs based on your current health conditions. Another idea may be to try to incorporate foods that might have a natural laxative effect, such as prunes, psyllium seed husk, bran, and methylcellulose to alleviate your constipation. Some people just respond poorly to increases in fiber, so it may be beneficial to discuss this further with your doctor.  Consuming excessive sodium bicarbonate (baking soda) can lead to metabolic alkalosis, a condition in which pH balances are elevated outside of the normal range. Some symptoms of alkalosis include:  Confusion  Light-headedness  Nausea, vomiting  Numbness or tingling in the face, hands, or feet  Prolonged muscle spasms  Muscle twitching  Hand tremor If you are currently taking excessive amounts of baking soda, your doctor can conduct tests to diagnose alkalosis. Its important to visit with your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms. I would also consider asking yourself about what benefits you hope to gain from consuming large amounts of baking soda. It might be beneficial to explore other ways to achieve the same results that youre hoping for in a different manner. If youre having problems with acid reflux or heart burn, dietary changes or prescription medication may be helpful.  Drinking soda can have many negative impacts on your health, especially with your teeth. Soda contains citric and/or phosphoric acid that can wear down tooth enamel. When tooth enamel wears down, tooth decay, cavities, and teeth staining can occur. Sugar may also contribute to this but the acid alone seems to do most of the damage, so even diet sodas arent immune to this problem. Also, be sure to read nutrition labels for other beverages that you might be consuming like sports and energy drinks because they may also contain the same acids and act in a similar manner. One suggestion that may help would be to drink from a straw positioned towards the back of your mouth so that it can limit contact with your teeth. Its best to at least moderate consumption of these beverages if not refrain from drinking them altogether for these and many other health reasons.  Yes, you are absolutely putting yourself at risk for serious health complications, if you havent already. Simply put, your body is not receiving the nutrients that it needs to maintain its normal biological processes and function. Consuming only tea with sugar would not be providing your body with an adequate amount of protein/essential amino acids, essential fatty acids, carbohydrates, vitamins, and minerals that your body needs for proper maintenance. These nutrient deficiencies can lead to serious health problems. I would suggest speaking with a doctor or registered dietitian and consider amending your diet immediately.  It can be difficult to quit drinking alcohol, especially as your body becomes chemically dependent after chronic or prolonged use. You may experience withdrawal symptoms as you attempt to quit. Some of the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal can include anxiety, depression, headaches, nausea, and insomnia. One of the more severe symptoms of withdrawal, however, is delirium tremens, which can cause intense confusion, disorientation, hallucinations, hyperactivity, and tremors. Going through these withdrawal symptoms can be very difficult and can discourage people from wanting to or being able to quit successfully. Perhaps the best thing that you can do is to get help. Treatment options might include visiting a rehabilitation center or a mental health/hospital clinic. Try meeting with support groups, counselors/psychologists, or speaking with a doctor. Another option might also be trying medication that might help you to quit. Please visit this site for more information: http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/alcohol-abuse/default.htm .  I dont think the idea that cold water causes fat in your stomach to congeal, making weight loss more difficult, holds much merit. All fat, whether solid or liquid, will get broken down, metabolized, and digested in your body. If anything, ice cold water may actually slightly boost your metabolism to help promote weight loss. Although its a very small amount, your body has to expend calories to bring the ice water up to your bodys natural temperature. In your situation, drinking water is helping to keep you from drinking soda, which doesnt have much nutritional value and has excessive amounts of sugar. So, you should continue to substitute water in place of sugar-laden beverages like soda in order to promote weight loss. You dont have to completely get rid of soda if you enjoy it, but continue to be mindful of moderation and portion control when you do have it.  Yes. Water helps move high-fiber foods through the digestive system. Drinking plenty of water can also reduce the "gassiness" that some people experience when they increase fiber consumption. Most experts recommend drinking eight 8-ounce glasses of water a day. For optimal health, shoot for at least 25 grams of fiber a day. That's about twice as much as most people consume, surveys show. So if you haven't been consuming much fiber in your day, gradually increase the amount of fiber in your diet over several weeks to avoid digestion problems such as cramps and flatulence.  You have a wheat allergy, google wheat and gluten allergies and this may help you understand you body better.  Hi,  I too agree with . Please follow him and see.  It sounds like you are having symptoms of GERD (or acid reflux disease) With your age and history and the length of your symptoms it is HIGHLY unlikely you are having a heart attack. If you have a history of anxiety and heartburn it could very well turn into GERD. I have acid reflux and the symptoms your describing coincide with GERD. I find taking an extra strength Zantac (150 mg) once every morning keeps me from experiencing any symptoms. If that doesn't help, or doesn't help ENOUGH you can always speak to your doctor. There are proton inhibitors they can prescribe you that will work much better. (Proton inhibitors slow the production of stomach acid) However, if you are having any other symptoms or your current ones get worse I would definitely contact your doctor right away.  The effect of foods and beverages on the bladder is not understood but elimination of one or all of the items listed below may improve bladder control. It is recommended that eliminating these foods on a one-by-one trial basis may help reduce urinary incontinence in some individuals. They are: * Alcoholic beverages. * Citrus juices & fruits. * Beer, wine. * Highly spiced foods. * Carbonated beverages. * Sugar, honey. * Milk/milk products. * Corn syrup. * Soft drinks with caffeine, tea, coffee, even those that are decaffeinated. * Artificial sweetener (aspartame). To see if any of the above products are affecting your bladder, stop them one at a time and see if your symptoms improve.  Have you tried a Brita filter system (or something similar) pitcher to help with the swamp water? You could flavor the filtered water with lemon or lime, cucumber or fresh mint leaves. You could make hot or cold green tea (there are wonderful flavors you could try such as tropical green tea or strawberry green tea --found in tea bags). That would be MUCH better than that dyed powder I would suspect (healthwise and flavorwise).  Iced tea and lemonade  together, they make a refreshing alternative to the usual soda or alcoholic beverage people order at restaurants. Besides, Arnold Palmer cant be wrong! The Arnold Palmer is a drink thats comprised of half lemonade and half iced tea. Apparently this is his beverage of choice after golf games. Lately, Ive met a bunch of people who are trying to drink less soda and one alternative offered at many restaurants is the Arnold Palmer. The iced tea cuts the calories in half (compared to a 100 percent lemonade drink). And the lemonade adds some sweetness and pizazz to unsweetened iced tea. Your typical Arnold Palmer made with four ounces of lemonade and four ounces of unsweetened iced tea and gobs of ice contains around: * 50 calories * 13 grams of carbohydrates. A zero-calorie option, if you are making this at home, is to use sugar-free lemonade with the iced tea.  People who have been abusing alcohol, even for a short time, can indeed experience serious side effects when they stop drinking. Although a heart attack is unlikely, an irregular heartbeat can develop, along with seizures, shakes, sweating, hallucinations and other serious conditions. However, a greater risk than quitting alcohol is continuing to abuse alcohol. If your friend has an alcohol problem, you should encourage him or her to seek medical treatment. If your friend exhibits any of the signs of , as mentioned above, you should seek immediate medical attention. In particular, delirium tremens (DTs) or "the shakes" can cause death in extreme cases and should not be ignored. I wish you all the best.  I suggest you take your daughter to her pediatrician as a starting point. Her symptoms should not be ignored. If the symptoms seem to come and go with her menstrual cycle, the problem could be anemia from blood loss. Drinking extra water and eating iron-rich foods (red meat, fortified grains) might help the problem. However, many things could be causing these dizzy spells and it's important you find out what's going on. If there's an underlying illness or condition, the sooner you can treat it, the better. Wishing you well!  Many conditions besides thyroid issues can contribute to weight loss. Because your TSH levels are within the normal range, your weight loss falls into the "unexplained" category. This is always concerning. I'd suggest you see a health care provider to find out what's going on. If you're actively trying to gain weight but continue to lose, instead, you need to get to the root of the problem. Best wishes to you!  This is a great question! WebMD offers a about water intake. Try it out to see how you score! Unfortunately, there's no good, scientific answer to your question. The Institute of Medicine recommends men get 125 ounces of water daily from all sources. That includes fruits, vegetables, and other sources. Women need slightly less than that. The quiz (linked above) states the U.S. government's "Dietary Guidelines for Americans" doesn't recommend "purposeful drinking" of water for hydration unless you routinely engage in vigorous physical activity or are exposed to heat stress. So, unless you're constipated or compete in triathlons, you're probably getting enough water just by drinking normally and eating some fruits and vegetables. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It sounds to me like your loved one does have a problem with alcohol. I base this assessment not on the amount consumed but the fact that he seems to require alcohol consumption every day and also the fact he "sneaks" alcohol and tries to hide his consumption from you. Of course, the fact your family doctor believes your partner has a problem with alcohol is enough evidence for me. Unfortunately, you cannot control what your partner does or how he views his . The only thing you can do is ensure the safety of yourself and your children. I suggest you look into Al-Anon, which is the family group of Alcoholics Anonymous. This group can give you support and guidance in dealing with your loved one's presumed alcoholism. The fact your partner has not physically harmed you is irrelevant. The wide-ranging negative effects of alcoholism on children is well-documented. You should seek treatment in order to equip yourself to help your children. Trust me, they will feel the effects of their father's alcoholism later in life. Again, I'm sorry you're dealing with this. Alcohol abuse is very common in society, but that doesn't mean you have to accept it. You can seek help for yourself and your children. Your partner may or may not choose to seek help at some point. Wishing you all the best.  Well, maybe. If you shared a straw with someone who has ever had a cold sore (caused by the ), then yes. Even if the person had no active cold sore, it's still possible to pick up the virus from them. And not necessarily just from the straw -- if you shared a glass, bottle, or can of soda with a person who has HSV, then you could get the virus from them. The odds of getting a cold sore from a random can, bottle or glass of soda (that is, not a container someone else drank from) is very, very small. If you developed a cold sore after enjoying a frosty beverage, it's likely you were exposed to HSV some time before you drank the soda and the two events are not related. Hope this helps!  Oh, my goodness! How awful. I'm glad to know your grandmother is getting medical treatment. Luckily, the ingestion of household ammonia usually is not fatal. Drinking ammonia can cause internal burns of the esophagus. A person who ingests ammonia also can experience pneumonia if the solution gets directly or indirectly (such as through regurgitation or reflux) into the lungs. If someone accidentally drinks household ammonia, it's important to take the following steps: Try to get the actual package containing the product the person swallowed. Try to determine the amount of ammonia the person ingested. Try to determine the precise time the ammonia was swallowed. Emergency responders or the poison control center will want this information to help determine the appropriate treatment. Wishing your grandmother well!  Wow. So many issues here. Where to begin? I think there may be some miscommunication going on. Sepsis is a life-threatening condition that normally leads to immediate hospitalization. People can die very quickly from , so I think it's unlikely your friend is home lounging around smoking weed after being diagnosed with this illness. Next, there's the obvious issue that no 17 year old should be taking illicit drugs. Not only is it illegal, but the brain is not fully developed at age 17. No 17 year old is truly able to make informed decisions about using such drugs. In fact, your question about whether or not your friend's use of these drugs is essentially "bad for him" illustrates that neither of you know the first thing about how these agents work or what effects they have on your body. No one should take any drug (including prescriptions) without knowing the answers to these questions. Lastly, smoking is bad for you. If everyone on the face of the earth doesn't know that by now, woe betide them. It's one of the worst things you can do for your health, can lead to many types of cancer, and may shorten your lifespan. I wish your friend all the best. He needs to stop all of these bad habits to overcome whatever illness he has and to go on to lead a long, healthy life.  I don't see why not. At least, from a medical perspective. There's no health reason I can think of in which milk would adversely interact with fish. Many people I've known have drunk milk with fish. Religious dictates may advise against combining milk with fish. I'm afraid I can't speak to that. If you have any concerns about this, please consult your health care provider or your religious authority. Hope this helps!  As far as I know, there is no relationship between glaucoma and alcohol consumption. Glaucoma is a disease that affects the pressure inside the eyeball. Even though no one in your family has had glaucoma, it doesn't mean you can't get it. Not all diseases are passed through families genetically. That said, excessive alcohol consumption is very bad for you in many other ways. It eventually will kill your liver, and it can contribute to the development of diabetes. If you have a problem with drinking, talk to your doctor. He or she can help you get treatment. Wishing you well!  It's not a good idea to drink if you have . In this disorder, the lining of the esophagus (the tube food passes through on its way from the mouth to the stomach) slowly changes at the cellular level until it resembles tissue of the intestine. These changes also can cause cancer to arise in a small percentage of people with Barrett's esophagus. Because Barrett's esophagus is closely related to , treatment for Barrett's typically includes to reduce stomach acid. Avoiding alcohol and spicy foods are among these changes. Hope this helps!  Sure. Most energy drinks (including Red Bull) contain mainly caffeine and some vitamins, so there shouldn't be any issue of drug/food interaction with hydrocodone-acetaminophen. In fact, the caffeine may help offset the drowsiness usually caused by taking a narcotic pain reliever. Don't overdo the Red Bull or other energy drinks, either, though. Some experts suggest adults should not consume more than 400 milligrams of caffeine per day. Check out this handy that compares the amount of caffeine and other ingredients in various energy drinks. Best to you!  Your best bet is to speak with your pharmacist about possible interactions between your medications and foods or beverages. I don't know about the combination of milk and , but I do know that caffeine of any kind (colas, chocolate) can increase the side effects of phentermine. Often, people take either phentermine OR , not both at the same time. If this is the regimen your health care provider prescribed, then he or she must have determined this is safe for you. However, if (for example) you previously were taking one of those medications and then your health care provider switched you to the other but you decided to take both, please consult your health care provider as soon as possible. Hope this helps!  Any time an infant or toddler eats or drinks something that is not made for human consumption, you should call the poison control hotline at . Write that phone number down and post it on your refrigerator for easy access! You should call your pediatrician for advice about your child's fever and runny nose. It's doubtful the plant food caused this, but we are into flu season and flu can be very serious in a one-year-old. You need to get this situation assessed as soon as possible. If your baby is not eating or drinking, take him to the emergency room. If your baby is not producing a wet diaper at least every 3 hours, get him to the emergency room. Plant food contains various chemicals that are highly unsafe for anyone to consume (eat/drink). These things also are unsafe for your pets to drink, so you should find a way to prevent them from doing so. Perhaps place a mesh cover over the Christmas tree bowl so they cannot reach the water or something. Wishing you well!  The type of flushing you describe after drinking alcohol is not necessarily unusual. Alcohol consumption causes veins to dilate (get larger), which can cause the skin to appear reddened. This venous dilation also is the cause of the warm feeling many people associate with moderate drinking. Absent any other symptoms, you probably need not worry about this bit of flushing caused by consuming a moderate amount of alcohol. Note, however, if you take any prescription medications you should consult your health care provider or a pharmacist before consuming alcohol in any amount. Alcohol can affect medications in many different ways, so if you are drinking (even wine or beer) you want to make sure it's safe for you. Wishing you well!  It's probably a simple reaction between the water and your stomach acid. I can think of a number of chemical reactions that could cause you to experience gas after drinking water, even though it's not terribly common for most people. At any rate, you need to stay hydrated. You can try drinking water more slowly to see if it causes the same reaction. Or you can try drinking water with some sort of sugarless flavoring added. Or you can obtain hydration by eating fresh fruits, such as berries and melons. If the problem continues to annoy you, you might consider checking with your health care provider about it. Hope this helps!  Has your brother seen a medical professional for the symptoms you describe? He obviously was diagnosed with an enlarged spleen and fatty liver disease, but has he been seen for the vomiting and weight loss? If your brother vomits up everything he eats or drinks, he's at serious risk for dehydration. You shouldn't allow vomiting to go unchecked for any period of time. Unfortunately, a forum like this isn't a place to receive a diagnosis. It's impossible to tell what's going on with your brother without doing a physical examination and possibly some lab tests. Could the vomiting, burping, loss of appetite and weight loss be related to the enlarged spleen? Probably not. Could they be related to the liver problems? Maybe. Or they could indicate some other illness or disease entirely. Your brother needs to see a doctor to find out for sure. Any time a person is experiencing symptoms like unexplained weight loss, we get a little concerned. It could be something minor, or it could be something serious. There's no way to tell without a physical exam. Wishing you well!  Sorry to hear you're going through this. From your description, it sounds like you're experiencing moderate constipation that is causing a to flare up occasionally. A hemorrhoid is a swollen vein in the rectum. A hard piece of stool can basically scratch this swollen vein and cause it to bleed slightly. Frequently, hemorrhoids also feel itchy and painful. Perhaps this is why your doctor gave you a suppository to try. Suppositories often are prescribed to treat the symptoms of hemorrhoids. It sounds like you're doing everything right, in terms of eating a high-fiber diet and drinking plenty of fluids. Because only the tip of your stool is hard, it makes me think maybe you're not noticing the urge to have a bowel movement and are holding stool in your rectum too long. Even though you're having a bowel movement every day, you might try going to the bathroom a bit more frequently to see if you perhaps need to have a bowel movement but just aren't feeling the sensation to go. However, do not strain needlessly in an attempt to force a bowel movement. That will just make any hemorrhoid situation worse. As long as you're not allergic to any medications, you also might try an over-the-counter hemorrhoid medication to see if it helps shrink those swollen veins so at least the bleeding goes away. Best of luck to you!  Great question! Many people are turning to cow's milk alternatives for the taste and to address lactose intolerance. Almond milk does not naturally contain much calcium, so most manufacturers fortify the beverage with this mineral. You'll need to check the label to see how much calcium is contained in one serving (usually an 8-oz glass). If you're aiming for 1500mg of calcium per day, simply divide that number by the amount of calcium in your chosen product to get the number of glasses you'd need to drink. For example, if each serving of your brand of almond milk contains 450mg of calcium, then 1500 divided by 450 = 3.33 glasses daily. Hope this helps!  Good question. It's always kind of questionable whether or not to treat a suspected broken toe, isn't it? If the toe is crooked or grossly deformed, then I'd suggest you really ought to see a doctor at least to set it properly. If it's a severe break, a doctor can give you some options for fixing it, ranging from splinting to surgery. He or she also can tell you what long-term consequences you may face from fixing the break versus not fixing it. It also depends a little bit on which toe you're talking about. If you think you broke your big toe, it's probably worth a trip to the doctor because the big toe is the most important one when it comes to walking. If you're talking about your pinky toe and it's not grossly deformed, you might be able to get away with simply taping it to the adjacent toe in order to splint it. Meanwhile, keep the foot elevated to reduce swelling. As long as you're not allergic to over-the-counter pain relievers, you can take them for the pain. Good luck to you!  That's a great question! Bravo to you for taking a moment to question the conventional wisdom. There are actually a few reasons why we exhort people to drink plenty of fluids when they come down with a cold. Let's take a look at these. First, drinking plenty of fluids literally can increase your blood volume and thereby scatter the virus molecules in your system so your own immune system can fight it better. Think of it this way: Which is the easier enemy to attack, the one with 500 soldiers concentrated together or the one with bands of 10 soldiers dispersed here and there? Drinking fluid can spread out the virus in your bloodstream so it's easier to attack. Honestly, though, drinking fluids by mouth can only do so much in this regard. Intravenous fluids (IV) work much better for this purpose. Second, drinking plenty of fluids tends to thin secretions -- i.e.: that nasty gunk that pours from your nose and gets coughed up out of your lungs. Thinner secretions are easier for the body to move than thick, sticky ones. Thick, sticky fluids can get stuck in the lower portions of the lungs and lead to pneumonia if your body can't cough them up. In this respect, drinking fluids by mouth truly can make a difference in helping your body clear out mucus. Finally, good hydration helps medication work better. If you take any sort of over-the-counter cough and cold product (or if you are taking a prescription, such as antibiotics), it requires liquid (water is best) to dissolve well in your stomach and get absorbed in the intestines. Drinking plenty of water also helps your body circulate the active ingredients in those medications more easily so they work better. Frankly, drinking plenty of water and being well-hydrated when you have a cold simply can make you feel better. Water should always be your first choice, but chicken soup can't hurt either. Wishing you well!  If you feel that your bladder never completely empties, this is a good reason on its own to see your medical provider. Even if you'd had this evaluated in the past, it's worth continuing to try to find out what's causing your symptoms, especially now that you're seeing particulates in your urine. Your health care provider undoubtedly will want a urine specimen when you go in for your visit, so be sure not to empty your bladder right before your appointment. Your provider also may want to know about other symptoms you may be experiencing, such as fever, sweats, chills, and so on. He or she also may want details about your diet, so be prepared to provide plenty of information about what you eat and drink. In fact, you might keep a log of everything you eat and drink in the week before your appointment. All of this information will give your medical provider clues about what might be causing your symptoms. While it's unlikely your symptoms are caused by any serious illness, I'd suggest you make an appointment with your provider as soon as possible. It sounds like the situation has been going on for some time, and you deserve to get some answers. Wishing you all the best!  It's impossible to answer your question because each individual "clears" drugs from the system at a different rate. The average half-life of Xanax ( ) -- that is, the average time it takes the body to clear half the drug from the system -- is about 11 hours. But it can take as long as 26 hours. Or maybe longer if you have liver or kidney problems. The larger question is this: Do you have a prescription for that alprazolam? If you do and if you're not engaged in a profession that qualifies (licenses) practitioners (such as truck drivers), then you may be OK even if the drug shows up in your system. In general, for people in desk jobs, having a valid prescription for a medication gives them "permission" to use it, even on the job. On the other hand, if you don't possess a script for that alprazolam, then why did you take it? No prescription medication should be used for recreational reasons. These drugs treat specific medical conditions. If you have anxiety problems and need medication for it, then see a health care provider. Wishing you well!  Aside from the skin issue, which I'll get to in a moment, you're probably not drinking enough water. Most adults should aim for 8 glasses a day (though that's just a number someone picked out of thin air). Clearly, if you're just taking a few sips of water with your meds, you're probably not getting enough water. Now, about that skin... If you're talking about that flabby skin on the back/bottom of your upper arms, I'm afraid I don't have good news. Many women develop that loose skin, and there's nothing you can do short of to get rid of it. Even exercising the triceps muscles won't reduce this excessive skin. Many women are prone to developing that excess skin by middle age. It may be caused by having gained and lost weight over the years. And who among us women hasn't gained and lost weight from time to time over our lives? So, I'm sorry I can't tell you the flabby arms are due to dehydration. That said, I suggest you drink more water. It's good for your overall well-being. Wishing you all the best!  Oh, ouch! That sounds painful! For those who don't know, the frenulum linguae (sometimes called the lingual frenulum) is that piece of sail-like tissue that attaches the tongue to the floor of the mouth. You're wise to be concerned about infection. The main sign you should watch for is a fever over 101F, along with generally feeling crappy -- as if you might be coming down with the flu. Those would both be indications to seek medication attention. In the meantime, you might try gently rinsing with antiseptic mouthwash a couple of times a day (don't go overboard with this, as that could be counterproductive). You can continue to brush your teeth, but spit gently. The good news is your tongue (and mouth, in general) tend to heal quickly. You probably will be all healed up within a couple of weeks, tops. If your frenulum linguae doesn't heal or if it gets swollen, angry, and red, then I'd suggest you see a doctor. Chances are you won't have to resort to that, though. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Facial pain can be very uncomfortable. I'd suggest you see a health care provider to get this checked out. A number of conditions can cause the symptoms you describe, including , , or even an abscessed tooth. I can also think of several other possibilities, which is why you need to undergo a physical exam and perhaps some other testing to figure out what's causing this problem. Some of these conditions are more prevalent among certain age groups or in women versus men. If the pain doesn't clear up within a few days, I'd suggest you call your primary care physician for an appointment. I hope you feel better soon!  I tend to go with what the expert tells me, whether it's an MD or a quantum physicist, because they have far greater training and expertise in their fields than I do. If your OB doc says it's OK for your wife to have caffeine, sushi, and a drink, then I would tend to rely on that advice. However, the larger issue here is: When is it appropriate to question a physician? The answer: Anytime! It's not unusual to leave the doctor's office and later feel conflicted or unsettled by what you've been told. And it's perfectly fine to call your doctor's office back to express your conflicted feelings and ask for clarification. Doctors don't mind this. At least, good, caring doctors don't. If you want to be perfectly safe, your wife can err on the side of caution and avoid caffeine, sushi, and alcohol. Just because the doctor said she "could" consume them doesn't mean she "must" consume them. Make sense? Best wishes with the pregnancy!  It's possible, though usually presents as bloating and diarrhea rather than vomiting. This is because lactose intolerance is caused by low production of an enzyme in the gut, not in the stomach. As long as you're not having any food allergy symptoms, such as hives or difficulty breathing, after you drink milk, you can try eating a different dairy product, such as ice cream, to see if it also causes you to vomit or if it gives you diarrhea. You also may try eliminating all dairy foods from your diet to see if that solves the problem. If you continue to have symptoms when you drink milk, you can always see your primary care provider for further analysis. Other conditions could cause this response besides lactose intolerance. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you've received this diagnosis. The good news is if you don't have symptoms (inflammation or known liver damage), the diagnosis of fatty liver may be of little consequence to your overall health. There is a condition called ) that can affect people with no risk factors for it (such as obesity). Scientists aren't sure yet what causes NAFLD, especially in the absence of risk factors. There's some thought a genetic component might be involved, but this hasn't been proven yet. If you have concerns about how serious your fatty liver disease is, I'd suggest you consult your primary care provider for an explanation. He or she can give you good information about how, if at all, this disease may affect your daily life. Hope this helps. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. You should make an appointment for an examination. Your balance problems could be caused by something as simple as fluid in the ear, or you could be experiencing the early symptoms of something more serious, such as Parkinson's disease. I don't say that to frighten you, only to prompt you to phone your primary care provider to get this checked out. Assuming you're not exhibiting any , you probably do not need to head to the emergency room. Just make an appointment with your doctor as soon as possible. If the symptoms suddenly get worse or are accompanied by a high fever, difficulty breathing or other serious symptoms, then definitely seek immediate medical care. Wishing you well!  Sorry to hear about the breakup. That's always rough. Well, if the girl who performed oral sex on you did not have any active cold sores ( ), and you used a condom for the vaginal sex, then the risks of your getting an STD from this encounter are relatively low. The risk is never non-existent because a condom may not cover all skin areas that could contact an area infected with ), for example. But, in general, it sounds like your risk is pretty low. The only way to know for sure is to ask your partner if she has any known STDs. Awkward, right? But, you know, you could approach it from the standpoint of, hey, I know we were both a little drunk, and I just wanted to assure you I don't have any STDs that you might have picked up. She likely will respond kindly to your reaching out and may offer the same information in return. By the way, kudos for remembering the condom after drinking too much!  No, no, and no. At one month old, your baby is not physically developed enough to ingest cereals yet. When you introduce solid foods too early (and rice cereal constitutes "solid food" in baby language), you can increase your baby's risk of developing a food allergy later. It's not uncommon for babies to get gassy when they nurse, whether from breast or bottle. If you feel your baby is having problems feeding, please call your pediatrician or lactation consultant. They will provide you with all the information you need to make sure your baby gets adequate nutrition that's appropriate for his age. I wish you and your beautiful baby all the best!  The appropriate answer for me to give is this: You shouldn't drink while taking a prescription medication, including antibiotics. Some medical professionals feel any drinking at all is unhealthy, though I am not in that camp. While I certainly would never encourage someone to drink while taking an antibiotic, the truth is studies show alcohol consumption does not reduce the effectiveness of most antibiotics. However, combining alcohol with antibiotics like penicillin can increase the severity of side effects, such as drowsiness, dizziness, and nausea. A few antibiotics must NEVER be taken with alcohol. These are: metronidazole (Flagyl), trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (Bactrim), and tinidazole (Tindamax). Combining these antibiotics with alcohol can cause serious, severe side effects, including tachycardia (racing heart). By the way, when it comes to drinking and antibiotics, alcohol is alcohol. In other words, it doesn't matter if you're drinking a beer or a shot of tequila. To the body, all alcohol is created equal. Your best bet is to lay off the booze until the antibiotics are finished. And don't forget to take ALL of the penicillin you were prescribed. Don't quit taking it if you start to feel better before finishing the course. Hope this helps!  You need to go to the hospital..the infection could've spread to your blood system and you could die. This almost happened to me. Go to a free clinic or something.  god no. i drink practically every weekend. not a problem unless he's violent or anything of that sort.  The barium specifically coats the lining of the digestive tract allowing doctors to more easily see the contours, and any abnormalities, in the digestive system. The IV dye is another type of contrast that can help the doctors more clearly see what is going on inside you. One time when I had to drink the barium, they just waited a while and took images. Another time, I had to drink while they were taking images and change my position as the barium flowed through my system. The procedure you follow will depend on which parts of the digestive system they need to take pictures of. Be sure to follow their instructions for after the procedure. Barium is hard for some people to get out of their system, and they will give you instructions to make it easier.  I am not a doctor, just another mother. My kids are now ages 27, 21, and 16. I would take my children to the doctor pretty quickly (within a day or so) for fever as high as 103 degree F. Although many times, the dr. would say it was something that would pass on it's own and just to provide fever medication and make them comfortable, I never wanted to take a chance that it was something serious that we could catch early. I would consider the following: Does the fever reduce with medication? If so, than you can keep it under control for now. If not, you might use that as criteria to go on in. Is the child drinking normal amounts or more? If so, that is another good sign. Fever can really dehydrate someone. If he/she refuses fluids, can't keep them down, or is drinking less than normal, again, I might use that as criteria to take the child in. I never used eating as a criteria while a child had fever, as long as they could keep something down and would eat a little. Other mothers may disagree with this. This last bit is what my mother, a registered nurse, told me: If in doubt, call or take the child in. You'd rather err on the side of caution when it comes to kids.  I am not a doctor, just an informed medical consumer. I would have someone take you to the emergency room. Your symptoms are suspcious of bleeding in the digestive tract, perhaps significant since you are lightheaded. If you are reluctant to do that, at least call your doctor. If he's not available, I strongly suggest having someone take you to the emergency room.  it could be your thyroid. I would go to a walk-in clinic to get it checked out.  This may be an advanced warning sign of Parkinson's! If it continues through the next day or so, you need to see a doctor.  Congrats on the decision to quit alcohol use. The thought of experiencing painful withdrawal symptoms is what prevents millions of individuals from seeking alcohol detox. The truth is that the severity of your symptoms will depend on how much alcohol you have been consuming, the frequency with which you have been drinking and how long you've been doing it. During your alcohol use chemical toxins have been collecting in your system. Detox is the process of flushing those chemical toxins from your body. Your central nervous system has grown accustomed to your alcohol intake, so when you stop drinking, your body may begin to crave something it is used to getting that you are no longer giving it. This is exactly what withdrawal symptoms are and they may present in a number of different ways. Alcohol withdrawal symptoms can be both physical and psychological. Physical symptoms usually include:  Insomnia  Sweating  Headache  Nausea and vomiting  Increased heart rate  Loss of consciousness  Tremors  Seizures Psychological symptoms may also include:  Fatigue  Anxiety  Irritability  Depression Symptoms may begin within a few hours after the last time alcohol was consumed and may last up to 48 to 72 hours. It is important to note that psychological withdrawal may continue long after the physical symptoms subside. Many A.A. members in recovery report having psychological cravings years after they stopped drinking. Another complaint that some people experience during detox, that is more serious, is the occurrence of DTs or delirium tremens. The DTs usually emerge within three to five days after you quit consumption and are periods of confusion, disorientation and hallucinations. Delirium tremens can also be physical such as the shakes and sweating and if left untreated they can be fatal. IV therapy medical detox is seen as one of the best methods for alcohol detox, as it works to reduce the amount of withdrawal symptoms experienced by the individual. IV therapy medical detox should be administered under the supervision of a physician and is relevant because it allows the physician to make any necessary changes to the medication protocol as the withdrawal symptoms change which keep the patient comfortable. Gallus Detox Center is a private alcohol detox facility which specializes in IV therapy medical detox. For questions about our facility or method for detox you can call us at 855-338-6929.  Alcohol depresses the central nervous system. Consuming large amounts of alcohol in a brief period of time prohibits the bodys ability to process it. While having a high blood alcohol content or BAC, over a certain level is legally drunk the health risks of alcohol poisoning far surpass any legal trouble the individual may create for themselves. Even if it only happened one time, it could result in alcohol poisoning, loss of consciousness, respiratory failure, coma and death. Furthermore, individuals who binge drink on a regular basis put themselves at an even higher risk for health complications including liver disease, cirrhotic Ascites, brain disease, high blood pressure, heart attack and stroke. Women who become pregnant and struggle with alcohol abuse put their unborn babies at risk for developing fetal alcohol syndrome  a condition of physical and mental defects that have been associated with womens consumption of alcohol during pregnancy.  There is no way to speed up the process of getting your period, so do your best to enjoy your time without it! Think of all the great things you can do without worrying: swimming without worrying about pads vs. tampons, going to sleepovers without dealing with Mother Natures gift., wearing white whenever, wherever! You dont have to be concerned about planning your outfit around Aunt Flo or people looking through your purse and finding your feminine products. Also, along with your period come bloating and cramps, which are so not fun to deal with, believe me. While it seems like a cool part of growing up and it is a necessity in life, it is also extra responsibility and can become a hassle. Everyone develops at different times so dont be concerned that you havent gotten it yet. Enjoy your childhoodit goes faster than you think. - See more at: http://www.girlslife.com/post/2011/01/31/period-come-faster.aspx#sthash.8zjae3b1.dpuf  If u have had a paniac attack in the past AVOID caffeine at all costs!!! I have always had anxiety 24/7 I don't drink soda or Starbucks but I had a frap at Starbucks one day and that set me over the edge. I had to leave class and go right to the school psychiatrist. Now I try to get decaf or ask them to halve the caff. Bc espresso is crazy high in caf!! Esp if ur not use to it.  Your body needs extra 300-500 calories on average to produce milk. Because of this, you will need extra fluids and food. Drink lots of water before and after you breastfeed you baby, and have one or two snacks during the day and night to make up for the extra calories your body needs for milk production.   No, alcohol can harm the baby of a mother who drinks during pregnancy. Although the highest risk is to babies whose mothers drink heavily, it is not clear yet whether there is any completely safe level of alcohol during pregnancy. For this reason, the U.S. Surgeon General released advisories in 1981 and again in 2005 urging women who are pregnant or may become pregnant to abstain from alcohol. The damage caused by prenatal alcohol includes a range of physical, behavioral, and learning problems in babies. Babies most severely affected have what is called fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS). These babies may have abnormal facial features and severe learning disabilities. Babies can also be born with mild disabilities without the facial changes typical of FAS.  Your child may experience stomach aches or may have loose stools due to the spoiled milk but most of these symptoms will go away within a day or so. If your little one starts to vomit, is not drinking enough, or is acting more tired than usual, make sure see a doctor.  If your son, is lethargic and is not eating or drinking very much, he may be dehydrated. Children can get dehydrated much easier than adults and this can be serious. Your son needs to be evaluated by a physician right away. Please take him to a doctor immediately.  Tap water is monitored by the municipalities and is generally considered safe for children. Additionally, most cities add fluoride to water which helps prevent tooth decay. Bottled water may not have fluoride, so if you decide to give your child bottled water, make sure it does. Additionally, water bottles create a lot of environmental wastage as they are usually put in land dumps. Most pediatricians recommend tap water for children.  It is important to read the components of energy drinks to make sure they are right for you. Most energy drinks provide you with a boost of energy through sugars, which make you crash quickly after they are eliminated or metabolized. In addition, the calorie content can be very large, and lacking in nutrients. Other ingredients include caffeine and ginseng. It is important to see what herbals are present in the product to find out if there are any drug interactions with medications that you may be taking on a regular basis. It is important to keep in mind that regular sleep patterns and healthy eating habits are more important for maintaining energy and balance. The risk of energy drinks can be greater than the value of the short energy boosts they provide.  OTC energy pills and supplements contain a large amount of caffeine, sometimes 2-3 times the amount of a cup of coffee, depending on the brand. By increasing your daily caffeine dosage, you may be increasing your risk of caffeine addiction. And too much of any stimulant has consequences for the body, such as elevated blood pressure and an increased heart rate. This could be dangerous. I would use these products with caution, or not at all.The risk can be greater than the value of the short energy boosts they provide.  Without knowing the exact drink that you would like to use, it is hard to say whether it would be an issue with the current medications you are taking. You should certainly be careful with energy drinks. They can contain lots of sugars, herbals, and caffeine. Specific products vary, so it is important to know the exact ingredients in whatever youre thinking about taking. In general, herbal medications do not work well with the medications you are taking. For the energy you need, I would consider replacing energy drinks and supplement usage with sleep, exercise, and a better diet, making sure to take a daily multivitamin, as well.  Lorazepam and alcohol both cause drowsiness that can interfere with operations of normal daily tasks, including driving. It is not recommended to drink alcohol while taking this medication. Lorazepam is an intermediate-acting benzodiazepine medication, meaning that it will last about 12 hours in the body. It has been used for short-term treatment of anxiety and insomnia issues. Because of these indications, adjunctive administration of lorazepam and alcohol would really increase your risk of an accident.  Currently, there are no drug-drug interactions between alcoholic beverages and prednisone. However, new drug interactions may be discovered. So it is important to check with your health care professional, especially the pharmacist, to make sure it is still OK to take this combination together.  The liver is responsible for metabolizing Vicoden and alcohol. The liver can metabolize only a certain amount of alcohol per hour, regardless of the amount that has been consumed. The rate of alcohol metabolism depends, in part, on the amount of metabolizing enzymes in the liver, which varies among individuals and appears to have genetic determinants. In general, after the consumption of one standard drink, the amount of alcohol in a drinker's blood (blood alcohol concentration, or BAC) peaks within 30 to 45 minutes. (A standard drink is defined as 12 oz of beer, 5 oz of wine, or 1.5 oz of 80-proof distilled spirits, all of which contain the same amount of alcohol.) Alcohol is metabolized more slowly than it is absorbed. Since the metabolism of alcohol is slow, consumption needs to be controlled to prevent accumulation in the body and intoxication. Everyones metabolism by the liver can vary depending on several different factors, including age, food consumption, body weight, gender, and most importantly and most controllably, drug-drug interactions. Alcohol has a drug-drug interaction with acetaminophen (Tylenol). Many studies have shown that liver damage can occur with the combination of acetaminophen and alcohol.  Vitaminwater contains only a small amount of nutrients, so it will not have an adverse affect when taken with a multivitamin. Be aware, Vitaminwater contains a lot of sugar and can add to your daily caloric intake.  I believe the recommended ammount is 1 hour a day 6 times a week. Your body needs a rest day to recover and repair the muscles that you have damaged in your workout. And working out too much puts you at higher risk of a sports related injuy that can bench you for months. Add something other than cardio, like pilates or lifting weights instead.  For the uti problem, my doctor suggested drinking cranberry juice to prevent them not cure them. So try drinking more cranberry juice and of course water.  Did the pain start suddenly? Did you lift something up and the pain started? It could be sciatica. Need to go see a Doctor  I wouldn't be concerned. Ashes are ashes and unless you constantly do this it's likely less harmful or not even remotely harmful as smoking a cigarette.  Right upper abdomen could likely be your gall bladder. An ultrasound may be able to tell your dr. if there is any abnormality. In any case minimizing fatty foods and alcohols will be essential. It could be many other things though and a simple blood, and stool test can tell your Dr. a lot.  You answered yoru own question ;) But what happens when you drink a different type of alcohol such as Wine, or clear/dark liquors. Do you have the same immediate headache. By doing simpe trial and error you may be able to narrow down the reaction yourself. Good luck  Along with proper diet, exercise, and weight training, drink 1.5 -2 gallons of water throughout the day. You dont need Tea...besides, in spite of what most people will tell you, there is a lot of proven research out there that says the over all effects of drinking Tea and Coffee on a regular basis are NOT worth the small positive gains you may get from it. Good luck to ya---don't be lazy, get to work!!!  could be over feeding him which is so easy to do,, Or something he is eating or drinking is not agreeing with him, You might want to have his upper gi checked... My granddaughter had those problems and had acid re flux.  Excessive alcohol use can increase the risk of congestive heart failure by causing a cardiomyopathy -- which is a medical term used to describe weakness of the heart muscle. This can result in swelling like your husband is experiencing. In addition, liver damage from alcohol can also cause swelling. It sounds as though he should see a doctor urgently to try to help treat his symptoms, and he would benefit greatly from some assistance to help him stop drinking.  Try not to drink caffeine (coffee/tea) beverages.  Yeah!!!!!!! Interesting Question if woman exercises four hours a day then she should drink water because water is necessary for your health if you are doing exercise daily There are some guidelines when you drink water during exercise and that is Start your day with a huge glass of water and whether it is your exercise day or rest day drink two glasses of water within you start your exercise drink glass of water after 15 Minutes .  Consuming more calories will help to increase your weight. Here are a few healthy tips to follow to increase weight slowly:<?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p> Focus on healthy foods to gain weight. Eat foods that are loaded with vitamins, minerals, nutrients and calories. You can enrich foods with nuts, fruits, and yogurt.<o:p></o:p> Eat more often. Increasing the amount of calories you eat each day will help to gain weight. Focus on eating 6 times a day with each meal containing a protein, starch, vegetable and some fat. For example, turkey sandwich with mayonnaise on whole-grain bread with a fruit smoothie and carrots.<o:p></o:p> Foods that are highest in calories and nutrients are foods with fat, especially plant fats. These include nuts, peanuts, seeds, peanut butter, almond butter, avocados, hummus and oils. Animal fats provide nutrients and the same amount of calories as plant fats, but they also contain saturated fats, which can increase the LDL (bad) cholesterol.<o:p></o:p> Consult with your physician before you make any drastic changes to your eating habits. For more information on weight gain, visit this website .  All liquids can help to you to stay hydrated. Water is the best choice because it does not have sugar or calories. Most people can get enough fluid through water, fruit juices, coffee, iced tea, soda and other drinks. You can also get water through food such as fruits and vegetables like watermelon and lettuce. Most healthy adults should drink six to eight 8-ounces glass of water or other fluid daily. Some adults may need more depending on amount of exercise, their health and how hot and dry the climate is. For more information on water please click .  Consuming more calories will help to increase your weight. Here are a few healthy tips to follow to increase weight slowly: Focus on healthy foods to gain weight. Eat foods that are loaded with vitamins, minerals, nutrients and calories. You can enrich foods with nuts, fruits, and yogurt. Eat more often. Increasing the amount of calories you eat each day will help to gain weight. Focus on eating 6 times a day with each meal containing a protein, starch, vegetable and some fat. For example, turkey sandwich with mayonnaise on whole-grain bread with a fruit smoothie and carrots. Foods that are highest in calories and nutrients are foods with fat, especially plant fats. These include nuts, peanuts, seeds, peanut butter, almond butter, avocados, hummus and oils. Animal fats provide nutrients and the same amount of calories as plant fats, but they also contain saturated fats, which can increase the LDL (bad) cholesterol. Consult with your physician before you make any drastic changes to your eating habits. For more information on weight gain, visit this website .  In my experience yes you may need a mood stabilizer in addition. Like Nerontin  Drinking alcohol will cause medications to not work at all.  Well no. If fruits are healthy then fruit smoothies are not bad either. But watch how much you take in because too much of anything including fruit smoothies can cause health problems like diabetes. That ius when your body cannot process sugar so the food or drink will become extra body fat. At the same time it is good to excersize. So dont worry fruit smoothies are not bad for you.  If your stress has not caused medical problems (such as hypertension, etc. which you would need to seek medical treatment first), my advice would be to try yoga or some form of exercise. Secondly, try a therapist who can get to the root of your stress. It is always comforting to bounce things to a therapist who is non-partisan and can offer suggestions on how to deal with your stress. Sometimes, it is just changing our perceptions.  No  Yes milk tends to aggravate an ulcer. Try to avoid spicy foods, acidic foods, cinnamon, peppermint, soda, popcorn, and chocolate. Do try to eat a higher fiber diet, this can help heal the ulcer. Also, cherries, celery, apples cranberries, onions, garlic, and tea are good to eat.  Side effects on every drug reacts depending on each individual. I take Wellbutrin and occasionally I drink. The drug may increase the effect of the alcohol. But with me, I can't seem to get a buzz from the alcohol while taking Wellbutrin. Try not to drink for one week. If it goes away, then you need to stop drinking or try some Benadryl with your meds. I take Benadryl at night to relieve my itching . Helps me sleep. Or try another anti-depressant. There is a box warning about drinking with meds, and it lists tons of side effects like all other drugs.  no  No  This is a perfect example of a good question to ask your pharmacist about. It is actually advised that you can open the capsules and mix with a sweetened liquid, like chocolate syrup, not sprinkled on food directly. It is always a good idea to ask about medications and how they can be taken when you pick up your medications at the pharmacy. You may have to wait a few minutes to talk to a pharmacist but it is worth the wait!  Due to the fact that you have tried some over-the-counter medications and it has been three days and you do not have any relief, not able to drink or eat anything (and still severe pain), I would strongly recommend calling your doctor or health care provider as soon as possible or go to the ER to have it checked out. This could be a sign of something serious.  Due to the fact that you are on medication that is trying to help your stomach, I would not advise drinking any alcohol at all. Alcohol is a known "trigger" for heartburn and other GI conditions. Its not worth your health.  Actually both foods can contribute to heartburn and may actually make it worse. When treating heartburn, we always recommend non-pharmacological methods like avoiding spicy and fatty foods, stop smoking, and avoid eating at least three hours before bedtime.  Reverse digestion. I saw it on "House"  I am no expert but the stomach growling could be from the juice (a lot of juice can cause things in your stomach to shift and resettle, especially if it is helping in digestion). The pain in your right side of your back could be gull (not sure if this is spelled correctly) stones. My girlfriend had it recently, though it caused her a lot of pain at times. The doctor said that gull stones can shift, either up or down, and get stuck there causing pain. They told us that if it persisted that she would need to get her gull bladder removed because it can cause an infection in her pancreas if the stones didn't dislodge and return to normal. Again, she had sever pain and they only told us if it persists that that would need to be done.  Alcoholic beverages, including wine, beer and liquor, may cause or bring about hot flashes. I read that alcohol may cause the body to release the hormone epinephrine, also called adrenaline, which may trigger hot flashes. Though all alcoholic beverages can produce this effect, red wine is particularly likely to cause hot flashes. I do not know if you are a man or woman, but in women with pre-menopause/menopause this can happen more often. If you are the later you can see some more menopausal triggers here:  It is safe to drink in moderation while using valacyclovir. There are no dangerous interactions.  Propranolol can cause some drowsiness in some people. And combining it with alcohol can make that worse. But it is not dangerous. The key to consuming alcohol safely is moderation. So be sure to limit yourself to 12 glasses of wine per day.  It is possible that lithium can alter your ability to taste. If you are having any unusual side effects that are bothersome, you should talk to your health-care professional.  It is best to avoid alcohol when taking a medication like Adderall. But on occasion, it is probably safe to have one beer. You would really need to discuss it with your doctor or pharmacist who knows you and all your other medications and health conditions, and can determine if drinking alcohol is safe for you.  It depends on how much beer your husband drinks. Some antidepressants can make people drowsy, and it is suggested that you not combine these with alcohol. However, everyone responds differently. It is usually safe to have one drink while taking most of the antidepressants. But if your husband drinks a lot of beer, he really should talk to his doctor. If you suspect your husband has a drinking problem, you should seek help for him. Drinking a lot of alcohol can be a sign of depression, or make depression worse. Once he gets his depression symptoms treated, he may not want to drink as much. This is a very complex issue and you really need to get the help of a health-care professional who can treat the situation.  As a pharmacist, I do not recommend supplements touted as "cleansers." They have not been proven to be safe or effective and are not necessary. As far as the protein goes, it depends on how much he weighs and how much protein he is eating on top of what he's drinking.  Grapefruit juice contains enzymes that can interact with certain medications like simvastatin by slowing down your bodys ability to metabolize them. This means it will take longer for your body to get rid of the simvastatin when you drink grapefruit juice, which can potentially lead to having too much simvastatin in your body. This can lead to more side effects, like muscle pains. This interaction does not happen with all the statins. For instance, there is no interaction between grapefruit juice and pravastatin, found in Pravachol.  Try antidairy milk products first . Silk is a popular one and they are not very expensive. There are Almond Milks too that are very good.  People with ulcerative colitis benefit greatly from eating a healthy diet, being active and getting enough sleep. Taking care of yourself is of the most importance. There is not one specific diet for ulcerative colitis but here are some considerations for you. During times of active disease, meaning you are having symptoms such as diarrhea or blood in your stool, you may want to follow a low fiber diet to decrease stool volume. A low fiber diet would mean cooked fruits and vegetables instead of raw and refined grains over whole grains (whole wheat, oatmeal, brown rice). When your symptoms improve, you can gradually add fiber-rich foods back into your diet. That being said, you may find certain foods aggravate your symptoms. These foods might include alcohol, caffeine containing beverages like coffee, dairy products (if lactose intolerant) and raw veggies. For more foods that might bother you, s ee this WebMD article. I suggest you to keep a journal of your symptoms along with the foods you eat to figure out which items may be triggers. You may also benefit from seeing a LEAP certified dietitian to help you figure out which foods you are most sensitive to. To find a dietitian in your area go to Eatright.org. The bottom-line is everyone is different and you need to develop an eating plan that works for you. Good luck!  I'm sorry our little one is going through this. The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends keeping children off solid food for the first 24 hours after vomiting. To ensure enough fluids have her sip water, drink electrolyte replacement drinks like Pedialyte, sip on broth and suck on popsicles. You want to slowly work back to her regular diet. If things don't improve, call her pediatrician.  I'm not sure which product is Ensure Gold, as I just checked their website and couldn't find it. Ensure is a liquid supplement, targeted to older individuals, or people who are sick, who have a tough time getting enough nutrition from food. While it is not harmful for you to drink them, the bigger question is why.  Yes, drinking fluids, especially sugar-sweetened or calorie-containing beverages can cause feelings of fullness resulting in decreased food intake. Young children, with small stomachs, are more likely to fill up than older children and adults.  Here are some foods that may help prevent urinary tract infections: Cranberry products such as cranberries, cranberry juice and cranberry extract. Blueberries Fresh berry or fruit juices Fermented dairy products with probiotic bacteria (ask your doctor about probiotic supplements) Cinnamon Foods rich in vitamin A like sweet potatoes, carrots, spinach and kale   While it is probably fine for your baby, I would take it back and get the formula specifically for newborns. The manufacturers often use easier to digest proteins and different levels of DHA and other nutrients to more closely match the stage of development. Many of these companies invest in research to determine which ingredients and nutrients to add to their formulas. Breast milk also changes with time so formula should be no different. Congrats on your new baby!   Staying hydrated during pregnancy is important! The Institute of Medicine set the Adequate Intake for water during pregnancy at 3 liters per day (there are 4 cups in a liter, making it a total of 12 cups) from all sources including tea, coffee, milk, juice, soda, water and food. The Adequate Intake is determined by taking the median fluid intake of healthy individuals who are well hydrated. This means that some pregnant women can drink more or less and still be fine. Remember to keep water handy and drink to thirst, which is likely to increase during this time. For more on general water recommendations, see this article http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/features/wonders-of-water  While you always want to check with your doctor, there is no reason (I can see) that Ensure would be unsafe to drink during pregnancy. I'm just not sure it's needed or appropriate to have frequently during this time though. Ensure is a meal replacement given to individuals who have trouble getting enough nutrition and calories from food. It contains protein, carbohydrates and fat with most the carbohydrates coming from sugar (22g) and it's fortified with vitamins and minerals. Now if you are having trouble keeping food down or issues with gaining enough weight, and this is an item you prefer, then it might make sense. As I said, just check with your doctor first. If you have a normal appetite and weight gain is fine, it's best to get the nutrition you need from real food along with taking your prenatal supplement. That means plenty of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, lean protein sources, low fat dairy and healthy fats. For more on what to eat during pregnancy, see this WebMD article http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/eating-right-when-pregnant .  There is a well researched diet for high blood pressure called the DASH diet standing for Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension. Here are the basics of the diet: low in sodium, no more than 2300mg sodium (the average sodium intake in the American diet is 3,500). Reading labels is key. plenty of fruits and vegetables which contain potassium, an important nutrient to help lower blood pressure. Try including sources at every meal. Some ideas include cutting fruit up ahead of time for quick meals, fruit and veggie smoothies in between meals and green salads with lunches and dinners. 2-3 servings of low fat dairy foods such as milk, yogurt and low fat cheeses. Nuts, seeds and legumes most days of the week Healthy fat sources such as olive oil instead of butter Limited amounts of sweets, no more than 5 times per week Alcohol in moderation -- no more than 2 per day for men and 1 for women For more details on this diet, see this WebMD article . There's a lot you can do to lower your blood pressure. Good luck!  Every person burns a certain amount calories at rest along with activities of daily living which is called basal metabolic rate. Upping exercise is one way to increase the total amount of calories you burn daily. This will help you estimate your basal metabolic rate. The key is to monitor how much weight you lose. A safe and steady amount is 1 to 2 pounds per week.  I cannot find anything linking panic attacks to high blood sugars. It seems plausible that increases in stress hormones during a panic attack could temporarily increase blood sugars. Your son's A1C and fasting glucose are normal so the high blood sugars are not caused by diabetes.  Alcohol consumption can and does affects how the gastrointestinal (GI) functions, which can vary from person to person. It also increases appetite. Alcohol slows down emptying from the stomach causing bloating and gas. It also can reduce the strength of the rectum resulting in loose, more frequent stools. It could be you are more sensitive to alcohol's effect or notice it more because you drink infrequently. If you feel there is another problem going on, don't hesitate to see your doctor.  Drinking diet soda in moderation should not be a problem. Although diet soda was associated with preterm delivery, more studies are needed to confirm a relationship. Also remember soda has caffeine. The March of Dimes recommends 200mg or less daily for pregnancy women and a diet coke has 45 mg. Be sure not to skimp on water and other nutritious beverages such as milk.  Only a doctor can diagnose you with IBS or another related gastrointestinal disorder. But from what you have shared, it seems your increase in bowel movements is due to your increase in fiber. Especially if you are not feeling abdominal pain or bloating and your bowels are not hard or really loose. For more on the symptoms of IBS, see this  The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends no more than 4 to 6 ounces of 100% fruit juice for young children. At one year of age, babies can switch from formula or breast milk to whole milk and it is recommended children get 2-3 cups but no more than 24 ounces. More than 24 ounces can increase the risk of iron deficiency since milk is poor source of iron and can fill up children's bellies.  While drinking water is part of a healthy lifestyle, drinking more and not doing anything else will not lower blood pressure.  If you just started a weight training program it is possible to gain some muscle that may show up on the scale. While exercise plays a role in weight management, so does diet. So you want to take a look at your eating habts, not just in terms of what you eat but how much. Research shows that some people compesate for physical activity by eating more. Make sure you eat regular meals at the table, honor feelings of hunger and satiety and eat in between meals if you are hungry. Make sure you include plenty of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean protein sources, low fat dairy and healthy fats. It makes sense to see a registered dietitian (RD) for more guidance. You can find one in your area by going to eatright.org. An RD can help you make tweaks to your diet to help manage weight. Good luck!  I'm sorry to hear you are having a difficult time. Here are some symptoms to be aware of: Weight loss of 5-10% in 6 months Feeling tired Change in bowels (constipation or diarrhea) Feeling cold (can't get warm) Losing menses (women) Thinning hair and brittle nails Getting sick frequently with slow recovery More reading Malnutrition symptoms Budget eating (dried beans can go a long way)  For most people, the turkey isn't the only thing getting stuffed at Thanksgiving. It's amazing how something that tastes so good can feel so bad afterward. The good news is that people do not need to take any herbs or supplements to "clean out the system." If you find yourself feeling uncomfortable after a lot of eating and drinking, you can adjust what you do with your food and activity and that will be enough to get your body, weight, and mind back in shape. Most of the traditional Thanksgiving Day foods are high in fat and carbohydrates. If you are not used to eating a lot of carbohydrates (bread, potatoes, stuffing, sweets, dairy, and fruit), you could retain extra fluids and feel bloated because of eating this. The solution to this would be to cut back on your intake of starches and sweets and replace them with vegetables and fresh fruits. That will help with the bloating and cut back on calories to help with weight loss. There is also a chance that you could be retaining fluids if there was a lot of salt in the foods that you ate. Stay away from salty foods and keep your intake of water up to help with this. The final thing that would help when you are in a situation like this would be to increase your physical activity. If you consumed additional calories, there is no better way to get rid of them than to be physically active, especially with aerobic activities. It's easy to go from one extreme to the other, but the last thing that you want to do is starve yourself or workout for five hours after overeating. Take a deep breath and know that some of the pounds are water weight and that you will feel better in a day or two once you make the changes to your food and activity. You may want to consider planning ahead for the next holiday or social event so that you will not have to work so hard to make up for it afterward. Try to enjoy the holiday, have some good food and drink, and hopefully these tips will help you to feel good about it when it's over.  Yes. It is possible to be allergic to a milkshake or other dessert made from ice cream but not to plain milk. You may be reacting to one of the other ingredients found in these desserts other than milk. But it is also possible that exposure to the cold is triggering some sort of reaction. McDonalds lists the specific ingredients that are used in their desserts on their website. Besides milk and ice cream, other things that may cause an allergic reaction in some people include: peanuts, almonds, sweeteners, preservatives, chocolate, flavorings, wheat and artificial colorings. Talk to your doctor about a referral to an allergist. Testing may help narrow down the cause of your symptoms. In the meantime, avoid any food that has caused a reaction in the past.  After a tooth has been removed, a blood clot forms in the area. This protects the bone and nerves and helps the area to heal. If the blood clot becomes dislodged, a very painful condition called a dry socket can occur. This is more likely to occur if you smoke, suck on a straw (or other device), or take certain medications. If your mouth has been feeling better every day, and then suddenly starts to become worse, you need to see your dentist right away. Here is the link to a WebMD article that goes into more detail about dry sockets. . As a doctor, I am much more concerned about your drinking and smoking habits. I urge you to talk with your healthcare provider and get on a more healthy path.  Caffeine can increase the blood pressure, but the effect usually only lasts for a short time. Experts have yet to make a strong link between caffeine and long term high blood pressure. That being said, a lot of doctors tell patients that have high blood pressure or heart disease that they should limit their caffeine. A boost, even a temporary one, in blood pressure may not be a good idea on top of already high blood pressure. Besides coffee, caffeine is found in tea, energy drinks, soft drinks and even in chocolate. Some headache/pain medicines also have caffeine in them. Your daughter-in-law should let her doctor know how much coffee she drinks, as well as other sources of caffeine in her day. Too much caffeine is often a cause of sleep problems or can make existing sleep problems even worse. Hope this helps!  Well alcohol does a bunch of different things to you while youre sleeping. So while it may help you fall asleep, it will keep you in the lighter stages of sleep, and remember, thats not the best sleep for you. It will also wake you up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom. It will also dehydrate you, which can affect your sleep. So when you ingest alcohol before you go to bed, and it makes you stay in the light stages one and two sleep, again, youre not getting that three and four sleep which is where we see the increase in growth hormone, where we see the cell repair, where we see the overall damage from the day repair. Nor, do you wake up and feel refreshed. So when you deprive somebody of stages three and four sleep, and you wake them up, what they tell you is they feel like theyve never slept. And thats that really fatigued, horrible feeling that people would feel in the morning. So, alcohol can cause that. Half the reason that people have a hangover is from the sleep deprivation. The other half of the reason is from dehydration. Now, I dont have a problem with having a glass or two or wine with dinner. But what I do have a problem with is people having 4 or 5 glasses of wine with dinner and then having sleep problems. So, if youre regularly taking alcohol to help you sleep, thats not a particularly effective methodology for helping you fall asleep, nor is it particularly good for you.  There are lots of drinks that are marketed to do something healthy for you. Drink orange juice if youve got a cold. Cranberry juice to keep your urinary tract healthy. Pomegranate juice for a dose of age-defying antioxidants. Milk with calcium to build strong bones. And that doesnt include the multitude of vitamin waters, drink mixes and others. But what about a daily drink to help you sleep? Something made from fruit? And something other than the mythological night cap that entails sleep-disrupting alcohol? Tart cherry juice might be the answer, according to a new study by a team from the University of Pennsylvania, University of Rochester, and VA Center of Canandaigua. The researchers looked at the sleep habits of 15 older adults who drank 8 ounces of tart cherry juice in the morning and evening for two weeks. Then they drank a comparable matched drink with no tart cherry juice for another two-week period. The results? A significant reduction in reported insomnia severity during the weeks when they drank the cherry juice. The adults saved about 17 minutes of wake time after going to sleep, on average, when drinking cherry juice daily compared to when they were drinking the other non-cherry beverage. So whats the magic in cherry juice? Cherries contain melatonin, a natural antioxidant with a well-documented history of helping to regulate the sleep-wake cycle. Produced naturally by the body in small amounts, melatonin plays a role in inducing sleepiness at night and wakefulness during the day. Though melatonin is marketed as a supplement to help people fall asleep, Im not a big advocate of going this route without a doctors supervision. But getting natural melatonin from whole foods like cherries is clearly another story. Our body is likely to use that very natural ingredient from a fruit in a much different way than it would via a pill. After all, we need solutions for better sleep: * More than 40 million adults and another 20 million experience occasional sleep disruptions, putting their health and well-being at risk. * Americans spend more than $84 million on over-the-counter sleep aids each year. If a glass or two of tart cherry juice (assuming you enjoy the flavor) does in fact help reduce insomnia, then this study is good news for insomnia sufferers. Drink up!  It's all about how much tea you drink. Drinking too much tea (or coffee) can decrease your ability to get pregnant. Researchers have found that drinking more than six cups of tea a day may decrease fertility. The American Society for Reproductive Medicine says one or two cups a day is fine. The effect may be related to caffeine. It's not quite as clear what effect decaffeinated tea may have. But to be safe, keep it under one or two cups a day and research suggests you should be just fine. Here's a helpful article on 8 Ways to Boost Your Fertility  There are no known interactions between hydroxychloroquine and drinking coffee. You should be able to drink a cup of coffee to two without any issues. Of course, if you think you are having any side effects from hydroxychloroquine, you should discuss this with your doctor. Everyone is different.  It's important that you talk to your oncologist about this because alcohol (even beer) can interfere with certain chemotherapy drugs. It really depends on which chemotherapy drugs you're taking. With most drugs a moderate amount of alcohol is fine. That means no more than a couple of beers a day. However, with certain drugs, alchol can interfere with how they work, which could affect their ability to fight cancer. You need to talk to your doctor to be sure if a small amount of alcohol is OK with your chemotherapy drugs.  It is recommended to avoid alcohol when taking Lyrica. The problem is that alcohol may increase the sedative effects of alcohol. In other words, make you sleepy. Lyrica may also increase the effects that alcohol has on your body, so that even a small amount of alcohol may feel like you had a lot more to drink. It is tough to predict the effects in any given person, so that's why we recommend avoiding alcohol when taking this medication. I would not skip a dose without talking to your doctor.  This is something you should definitely talk to your doctor about. Some doctors do recommend that their patients not drink alcohol after gastric bypass surgery. That's because it appears your body may metabolize alcohol differently and that alcohol may actually get into your system more quickly. In addition, a recent study showed a link between gastric bypass surgery and alcohol problems after surgery. That doesn't mean the surgery will make you an alcoholic. We don't fully understand the link at this point but it's something to be aware of. Here's more information about that study http://www.webmd.com/diet/weight-loss-surgery/news/20120618/after-bariatric-surgery-alcohol-abuse-more-likely  The timing of the last time you had something to drink would not likely affect thes urine results. While urine dip stick tests are good tests, they're not perfect. It's possible you had what's called a false positive test the first time. This means it detected something that wasn't actually there. However, it's possible to have blood or white blood cells in your urine with no symptoms. A repeat (third) test may be warranted to confirm or possibly even blood tests to make sure nothing shows up there. There's a good chance the first test was just wrong. It happens and that's why your GP repeated it. But continue to work with your doctor to get to the bottom of it.  for weight loss try this  Yes it is harmful and you would have to drink quite a lot of it to feel the effects. Please do not do this.  I have 2 kids who are lactose intolerant, neither of them did well with the iron in the formula, they would be gassy, colicky, and constipated. I think you have a reason to take her in and talk to her reg pediatrician.  Have you ever tried turning off the TV 1/2 hr before bed? For the last 1/2 hr read a book or whatever you prefer. If you need some form of noise in the background try a fan or classical music. Because, having the TV on or the radio will keep your mind moving. Almost like your still watching TV while you're sleeping. If you keep it on but volume down still will not help you. The constant movement of whatever is on will also keep your brain awake. Hope this helps.  You should at least wait a full 24 hours.  Congratulations on taking control and choosing to get healthy! I weighed more than you when I started my journey and I'm now down 101 pounds with about 40 more to go.  It lowers the eleturlites in your body it helps if u drink gaterrade after a fun night out. Stay away from water! A nice breakfast like eggs bacon and a cup of coffee will help a little.The grease cotes the stomach to keep you from having a hangover or getting sick.  Hi Just follow this link, give it a vary good read and follow what it says. http://www.webmd.com/diabetes/drinking-alcohol Good Luck  Hi,You can catch chlamydia through unprotected vaginal, anal or oral sex. It can also be passed on if you share sex toys and dont wash them or don't cover them with a condom each time theyre used. Its not clear whether chlamydia can be spread if infected semen or vaginal fluid on your fingers is transferred to another persons genitals, or by rubbing female genitals together. You cant catch chlamydia from kissing or sharing facilities, such as toilets or towels, with someone who has the infection. But if you still think you have chlamydeous, then get to an STD/GUM Clinic and get tested, or see your doctor. Good Luck  Hi Hope this helps, but they do say do to drink why taken any meds. What should I avoid while taking Plavix? Avoid activities that may increase your risk of bleeding or injury. Use extra care to prevent bleeding while shaving or brushing your teeth. Avoid drinking alcohol. It may increase your risk of bleeding in your stomach or intestines. Good Luck  Hi Yes if its fluid that pass's your lips you count it, that's why its call fluid intake. Get the picture. Good Luck  Hi, OK dark brown/red discharge means its old blood, but cant see how its been going on for 3 weeks, being rough during sex, sounds more like its dry, so yes could be the start of the menopause. The only way to find out would be your doctors, get a blood test done for her hormones, from this your doctor would be able to tell if its that. But if you still going to have sex, try some lubrication there's plenty she can use, but the best is almond oil, coconut oil (extra virgin), if she get no reaction baby oil or even olive oil. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi So you get these pains after a nights smoking? Yes So what do you think the answer could be then, do you think perhaps it could be from all the night smoking your doing? Trust me, its yes, and the more you keep doing it the worst it will get. But you do have away top kill all this pain your getting, you just have to give up smoking! What! O My God, yes its your only way. Look after 48 years of smoking and smoking very high nicotine smokes being French and Spanish, pipe and cigars, I kicked it, you can do its all down to breaking habits, and lots of self control. If your i9nterested just do an, Answer this, and ask?  Hi suggest you get her to a doctor, get some blood tests done, to check her hormones, she could be getting into her menopause, the heavy thick bleeding. putting on some weight, the jumping down your throat, is her hormones going out of whack, another sign. So get her in get her checked, may need some hormone replacement. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Increased coughing is not a typical effect of caffeine consumption, but in some instances, it might have that effect. The amount of caffeine you consume, your current medical condition and your predisposition to allergies are a few things that may influence how caffeine affects you. For some people, consuming caffeine may trigger coughing or make coughing worse. If you always seem to experience coughing after consuming caffeine, ask your doctor for advice. Read more: http://www.livestrong.com/article/524257-does-caffeine-make-coughing-worse/#ixzz2mDvKr1Gi So is that any help for you, but for me taken some black or green tea with lemon and honey in will do you a lot of good, now if you add some freash ginger into that your be even better, I keep some ginger in the freezer, just take some out fine grate It to the size of a hens egg, put that into a cup with a nice slice of lemon zap in micro wave 30 sec now add your tea and honey, sip slowly. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well being on a two day bender, not a really bright idea was it, well this could be the side effect of that. You ask am I pregnant of an STD, there are tests for both, pregnancy either an HPT or go see your doctor, as for the STD try an STD/GUM Clinic and get some tests done. See Help for both. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi, OK what follows, any one of these can give you ED (erectile dysfunction) every one of these are called sex killers. To little sleep. Performance anxiety. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Smoking. Meds. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Middle-aged-spread. Self image. Low libido. Your general health. Low testosterone and very high testosterone. With meds, its meds for depression, diabetes, HBP drugs and cholesterol, these are some of the really bad ones. If its non of these, seek help from a uro best place for good ED help. He may offer you Viagra or its two brother ED drugs, but this can get expensive Our you can try like me herbs and a hormone, its worked for me and no waiting like you would for drugs, google these posts of mine there on a site www.franktalk.org its a site for guys with ED problems, so try these. DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED, PART 2 Just google each one, it takes you straight to them. On site your see me as NOWHARD, this way is far cheaper than drugs long term use, that is, if you go this way it needs to become a way of life, but healthy. Hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi your find its the junk they put into it, this is giving you your real problems. Just give it up and drink water, its far better for you, if you want to add something to it just give it a squeeze of lemon or lime. Good Luck  Hi, there are two ways you can go, first I suggest you google yeast infections and sea salt, that's one way to fight your on going problem, or second you can google yeast infections and boric acid, they say this works 98 out of every 100 women who use it, but with this method you can also fight it two ways, by using the capsule and taken a 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water and drink through the day, this way you fight you ways, give it the old double wammy. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi was this a good ER, if you can get to try that, from there you should be sent on or treated. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi I would just go see your doctor and stop speculating on what you may have, if you have something on you tonsils like you say, the best thing would be to have them out, this would solve your problem in one go. So just see your doctor. Good Luck  Hi Dose not sound good, please go see your vet, same advice for humans blood in urine see your doctor, get the picture. Good Luck  Hi please try a drink as normal, you don't want to get dehydrated. But yes, please seek your doctor for advice or help. Good Luck  Hi I think you have got it the wrong way round, as you read from this link below, the recommendation is drink lots of fluids if you have constipation. The Link, http://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/water-a-fluid-way-to-manage-constipation Good Luck  Hi Drinking and eating things that are to sugary, will increase your chances of being a diabetic. Best if just kick the habit before it bites back, in a way you will not like. Good Luck  Hi Why is a 10 year old drinking health drinks anyway, the answer would be stop him, there not that good for him at 10, if you read up on them there not that good for a lot of people. So after what you have said about him then its the very last thing he needs. Fruit juice and spring water would be far better for him. Good Luck  Hi I think your g/f has been misinformed, and that she will be OK, its things like getting drunk and missing the pill, can be a big problem. Apart from getting drink she should be OK. Good Luck  Hi It just sounds like you have been burning the candle at both ends, and they have met, hence burn out, look take a couple of days off, relax with lots of sleep, eat well, keep of any alcohol, drink lots of water. If you can, get out in the sun, it will boost your vitamin D, its the one good thing we get from the sun, this will make you feel good. Then see how you are before you go to your doctor. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well death, that's about as fatal as it gets. Liver damage, so bad it will end in death. Get so drunk you fall under a car or bus = death, but then that ruins the drivers life as well. Be warned just don't do it, it will kill you or somebody else. Your choice.  Hi Well death, that's about as fatal as it gets. Liver damage, so bad it will end in death. Get so drunk you fall under a car or bus = death, but then that ruins the drivers life as well. Be warned just don't do it, it will kill you or somebody else. Your choice.  Hi So she should have had her period between the 3rd and 5th, and you both had unprotected sex on the 4th, so what makes you think she pregnant, day 1 of her cycle, period, day 14 or about then is her ovulation day and all being well around day 28 her new period starts. OK if you had sex on day 13 then she could have gotten pregnant, but not around the day of her period, unless she has a very odd system. Could be that she has just skipped her period, it can happen. Hope this helps you both. Good Luck PS I would carry more condoms or get her on some kind of BC if all's well, but not depo shot, the side effects a can be very bad.  Hi Could be just wind getting trapped, for the take some strong mints or a strong peppermint drink and stand back, either will shift it. As for energy drinks and diet pills forget both, if you need extra energy just get out and get healthy. As for diet pills forget them, just find a good healthy diet, along with your new found exercising, you should soon lose some weight. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Not sure, it could be the sweetener, but if this is what you get, just why do you keep drinking it? These sweeteners are not very good for you, can give you kidney problems. Good Luck PS take a tip just stick to bottled water.  HI And NO. Good Luck  Hi The way to go, would be one day at a time, our in your case drop a can a day over 15 days, this way your body has 15 days to adjust to its new way of life, doing it this way should not do you any harm. Just make sure you stay that way, will do your health the world of good, just in case your smoke as well, you can drop the smokes doing it the same way. This way your would really feel the benefits. Good Luck  Hi This is some info on MDMA. In the hours after taking the drug, MDMA produces significant reductions in mental abilities. These changes, particularly those affecting memory, can last for up to a week, and possibly longer in regular users. The fact that MDMA markedly impairs information processing emphasizes the potential dangers of performing complex or skilled activities, such as driving a car, while under the influence of this drug. Over the course of a week following moderate use of the drug, many MDMA users report feeling a range of emotions, including anxiety, restlessness, irritability, and sadness that in some individuals can be as severe as true clinical depression. Similarly, elevated anxiety, impulsiveness, and aggression, as well as sleep disturbances, lack of appetite, and reduced interest in and pleasure from sex have been observed in regular MDMA users. Some of these disturbances may not be directly attributable to MDMA, but may be related to some of the other drugs often used in combination with MDMA, such as cocaine or marijuana, or to adulterants commonly found in MDMA tablets. OK LSD Lysergic Acid Diethylamide ("LSD") is a hallucinogenic drug. I think if it was this you would know about it, you would have gone on a trip, amongst other things Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Have a look on www.spacedoc.com its not a joke site, its for real and all about cholesterol and statins, lots to read and lots of help. Good Luck  Hi You should not be drinking any alcohol while taken antibiotics full stop. Good Luck  Hi, OK what follows, any one of these can give him ED (erectile dysfunction). To little sleep. performance anxiety. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Smoking. Meds. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Middle-aged-spread. Self image. Low libido. His general health. Low testosterone and very high testosterone. With meds, its meds for depression, diabetes and cholesterol, these are some of the really bad ones. But at 38, a bit on the young side for ED but then it happens, and it seems its affecting men at younger ages, OK I have got a mild kind of ED, now if he can get semi erect, he could try a cock ring, they do work, I know I have one, its a hardwear ice, form myhardwearice.com. After that there are a lot of herbs and things I take, better than Viagra, as Viagra you need to take an hour before sex, get the timing wrong and you've blown 15 dollars, with the herbs and ring, he will be ready anytime you want him or should be. OK on www,franktalk.org, in general discussions look up these titles, DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE. NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS, NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED PART 2. every thing I take is there plus loads more, now its finding the ones that suit him, get the mix right and away he goes, in more ways than one, but try my list first and work away from there, something that is not on the list is simple iron tablets, its something that I have added recently, our blood is one of the things that need to be right for good erections. Franktalk is a good place for both of you to have a look around, also on pegym.com you find an ED forum again have a look around, he could try kegels, its a simple exercise, he will find these under exercise on pegym. Do hope all this helps him. Good Luck  Hi This first piece is from WebMD, I'm putting it here as an intro, but should help you for a start. http://www.webmd.com/vitamins-supplements/ingredientmono-1092-coconut%20oil.aspx?activeingredientid=1092&activeingredientname=coconut%20oil So just hit on the link. Then just goggle your question you find lots of info. But do use just virgin coconut oil its best, and here's a tip its very good for sex as lubrication. But it wont clog up your arteries, its to natural. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I would go back, they must be missing something, ask to see a paediatrician they must have one? Good Luck  Hi Two links, I was thinking this way (also not a doctor) if she cant drink milk does she like yogurt? as this has most of the same as most is made from cows milk. The two links one is milk the other is yogurt. http://www.milk.co.uk/page.aspx?intPageID=71 http://www.milk.co.uk/page.aspx?intPageID=83 Just copy each into google one a t a time to the www. To open and read. Try this one as well, could help you. http://lifehacker.com/what-is-the-best-alternative-to-milk-1479430034 Just copy the same as above. Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi, First you have to think clearly to this, how great is your need, and stick to it. Are you physically dependent on it? If yes could be a good time to quit. Keep away from your haunts. |Do things that will occupy yourself. Once you have quit, start counting the days, your off it. The more your off alcohol the better you will fill. If you do need help? Find somebody all ready doing it, try AA and seek help. Remember, you're not being forced to give up a good friend who has treated you well. Instead, you are finally ridding yourself of an enemy. Adjust your attitude so that quitting is made easier. Your better half wants you to quit; your selfish half wants you to stay the same. Talk to your doctor. If you choose to start the path to recovery alone, bear in mind that alcohol withdrawal can potentially be deadly. If you start experiencing severe withdrawal symptoms (panic attacks, severe anxiety, the shakes, rapid heart beat) you should seek immediate medical assistance . The condition could potentially deteriorate to delirium tremens, which is deadly, if left untreated. Don't feel like you need to quit alone. You are carrying a heavy burden, but plenty of people (including people with medical degrees) want to help you. It's often easier to quit with the help of medical intervention than it is to try it cold turkey. Doctors treating withdrawal from alcohol often prescribe benzodiazepines to help with symptoms. Benzodiazepines, which include alprazolam (Xanax), clonazepam (Klonopin), diazepam (Valium) and lorazepam (Ativan), are psychoactive drugs used to calm anxiety and quell panic. They are relatively safe and are rarely fatal when overdosed. Now is the time to pick a day to stop. Get rid of all alcohol and wine bottles either full or empty, beer cans, etc. Don't feel that just because you are having guests over you need to offer them a beer, wine, or cocktail. It is perfectly fine to offer people tea, lemonade, coke, or the like. Remember the reasons why you quit in the first place. Cherish your reasons. We don't always have reasons for acting the way we do  you may not have had very many when you were struggling  but when we do, they give us meaning and make us principled. That's a good thing. What are your reasons for staying sober? I never want to miss work because I have a hateful hangover again. I never want to embarrass my child in front of her friends again. I never want to be ugly to my spouse because I've had one too many again. I never want to get a DUI (again). I never want to drunk dial my friends and relatives and act like an idiot again. I never want to hide bottles all over the house again. I never want to have to pretend I remember what happened the night before when I don't recall anything after X o'clock again. I don't want to lose this marriage the way I lost my first marriage to the ravages of alcohol again. And last I wonder what it would be like to feel good again. When you do this its the time for you to get healthy again, good food get out and exercise, breath good fresh air. These will all help. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi I found this under one of the sites advertising them. Caution : If you are pregnant or nursing, consult your health care professionals before using any of these products. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. So see your doctor for advice. Good Luck  Hi This bit below is from WebMD, so show her this, it may help both of you. Sometimes you may notice that your menstrual blood becomes dark brown or almost black as you near the end of your period. This is a normal colour change. It happens when the blood is older and not being expelled from the body quickly. Temporary thick, heavy flow isn't necessarily cause for concern. However, regular heavy periods justify a trip to the doctor to check your blood counts. Many women become accustomed to heavy periods, considering them to be normal. Over time, though, the excess monthly blood loss leads to anemia , potentially causing weakness or fatigue. If you ever feel something's not right with your period, see your health care provider. As for the pains could be just cramping, has she had anything like this before? Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Just keep of these until the last week or days, its no good getting contractions now. What you got last night may have just been from having a hot drink. Just take things easy. Good Luck  Hi, I would say 24 to 36 hours max, but its best from the tap? Well my wife likes it that way. Good Luck  Hi If you take into account we are what we eat, I would take a long look at your diet, you may also get a sample looked at. When there is an infection in the urinary tract, the urine may take on a foul-smelling odour as well as appear cloudy or bloody. Or this could be coming from any meds your on. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like a vets visit is needed, ASAP the vet may give you some rehydration packs for him you have to use one each day, that's why his fur is like that he's dehydrated, and he may have something stuck at the back of his mouth, that's why he's keeping it open. Please the vets ASAP Good Luck  Hi Just stick to what you think is best for you, its keeping away from alcohol and smoking, there are a vew thing your find in the link below, you should stay away from, but most its for the first 12 weeks. But if you think about it orange juice has all the things you need as long as you dont go overboard drinking it, bu8t most should just get flushed away. But a miscarriage is just your body getting rid of waste, it knows when its not right, a bit like us when we know something is not right we throw it away. http://womenworld.org/health/foods-that-cause-miscarriage.aspx Just copy this link into google to the www. To open and read. Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Drinking alcohol can increase certain side effects of Pristiq. So the answer is no don't do it. Its that easy. Good Luck  Hi Just some good clean water is very good for your health, boring but very good. We have some friends they do just that never drink anything else. Good Luck and Good Health  Hi There are many sex killers and he has 3 of them, heavy smoking, heavy drinking of alcohol and stress, sorry double stress. So can you see the answers then? he must stop drinking, get rid of the smoking, google natural ways out of stress, you should find some help there. But the drinking and smoking, this is all down to self control. But you also need to look at what he eats, if he is a fast food and junk food eater, then these also need to go, to much high salt and sugars, get him to eat healthy. These would be a good start save going for the Viagra, there are natural herbs that would be far better for him, it can be done, I did. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS, If he's on any meds some of these are also sex killers, just google each drug with ED side effects, you should find things that way.  Hi OK I'm English, and us older people just love our tea, so your question has thrown up something I have never heard of before, so did a little research and found this nice link, it will not only answer your question but give you a lot more info. Bit I drink around 7to 8 mugs a day, and Friday is my green tea day, very good for you, I make mine with herbal tribulus, also very good for you. The link http://www.teavivre.com/info/tips-on-drinking-tea/ Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Dale just come of them slowly, just 1 a week over the next 8 weeks, there's a good reason for doing its to slowly mean your body of the sugar your getting now, switch over to drinking water, and perhaps slowly the headaches will go away, Its a bit hard to say how much you would lose, without knowing your complete diet, but just cut out any fast foods and junk foods, that you may still be eating, get out walking daily, build up to a good hours brisk walk, any hills get up them, it all helps. Good Luck  Hi Plan B has a 72 hour window, this you have missed, so for you its a waiting game, till your next period, if it dose not come then that would be the time to get tested, either HPT or your doctor. That would be the time to think of what you want to do next? Good Luck  Hi I'm very sorry, got the bit about being so pregnant wrong, this is what comes of answering late at night. But as you are pregnant, its still the same answer, take things in moderation. as they say been there and done that, brought up 3 kids all very healthy, now with there own kids, who have kids, yes makes us great gran parents. Gave them the same advice, just take life as it comes, and when your pregnant look after yourselves, don't over do things. Good Luck  Hi Using the potty is all new to her, like a new game, but she may be straining herself to please you, or thinking that way. So what happen when your out? Just try living with it for a couple of weeks, try asking do you really wont to go? Good Luck  Hi You should not be drinking any alcohol will taken medications, any kind of medication. Good Luck  Hi Follow this WebMD link below it should help you, loads of info for your question. The link, http://www.webmd.com/fitness-exercise/features/water-for-exercise-fitness Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your problem could be from Plan B, it does tend to through periods off for some time, this could be the reason for you having a lighter period. But if your still worried go see your doctor and get a pregnancy test done. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have a read of this link, you should find it very useful with its help. The Link, http://www.sisterzeus.com/Parsley.htm Just copy this link into google to open and read, just to the www. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I would go back to the hospital doctor, tell him/her youir problems your having could be a reaction to the Keflex with you kidneys. Good Luck  Hi It just goes straight into your system, food, and I mean a meal will slow this down. So that's why they say never drink on an empty stomach. Good Luck  Hi Have a read through this link, you should find it helpful. The Link, http://www.wikihow.com/Drink-Green-Tea-Without-the-Side-Effects Just copy this link into google to open and read Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi Know your problem, just the opposite sex, but like you have had for to many years, my doctor said there is nothing you can do for it, but just live with it. Its just the wife get fed up with washing my pillows or throwing them away, I can get throw at lease 4 a year. Do hope this helps a bit. Good Luck  Hi The idea behind a stent is to either keeps veins open or like yours may be widen a urine track. The pain is not from the stent, but could be from what your drinking, as you say its ok with water but not with juice? this must tell you something, just keep to water and see you doctor. Good Luck  Hi I think it would be best to see your doctor over this problem, as its a visual thing as well as the tenderness your getting. If your not happy seeing your doctor with this take a friend, and ask she is present all the time you in with your doctor if its a man, or a women even. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You can google natural ways out of BPH. You can also google natural ways out of high cholesterol. And if its type 2 diabetes this can be controlled by doing a diet. If your on drugs for diabetes and high cholesterol, and you have ED then its probably the drugs causing your ED (erectile dysfunction). Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS Cayenne pepper will help clean plaque from your blood, and a mix of garlic and dried parsley mixed in olive oil will help with your cholesterol, get this going and should help with your BPH.  Hi If this is a plaque problem, try cayenne pepper, At www.cayennepepper.info Down the left hand side your find were to look, I take cayenne pepper for ED as it keeps my blood clean, I take by mixing it with tomato paste and thin with olive oil, when you start just mix to a heat that will suit you, once you used to that you can build the heat up, with this I do add chopped garlic in olive oil and dried parsley, again very good for you blood, I add a teaspoon of the olive mix to the top of the pepper mix, just mix it in the top, take 3 teaspoon first thing in the morning, wash each down with water, after eat a small dark chocolate, will help kill the heat. Do hope this works for you. Good Luck  Hi Google and follow this, Chromhidrosis, its interesting, it could be why he has coloured sweat. Not to sure on the drinking beer side of it, you say since 10 years old, has he been drinking beer since that age then? Do hope this is some help for you. Good Luck  Hi There is a page on this here on site, http://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/h-pylori-helicobacter-pylori?page=2 But its seems a bit of mixed results, one says it helps fight by drinking wine and beer. and the next says different and it will bring it on, not a lot of help from me. Good Luck  Hi I think its about you seek medical help, you have a big problem, and drinking that amount everyday is not doing you any good, start with you doctor and let him take it from there for sending you for tests. Good Luck  Hi If your taken the natural way, go have a look on www.earthclinic.com Your find all the answers you want to acid reflux there, just look under A in ailments. Its one site you will keep in favourites. Good Luck  Hi For its heart worm, do have a good read of this link, could be better and cheaper that a vets, course of treatment at 3.000$. http://www.earthclinic.com/pets/heartworm.html Just copy into google to open and read. As for its depression try these links http://pets.webmd.com/dogs/features/depression-in-dogs http://www.webmd.com/depression/features/pets-depression This next one brings perhaps an answer, you say your just fostering him, perhaps its separation anxiety, this is something any dog can get mine does when I leave him at home always with good people as house sitters, when we get home he wont leave my side for the next 24 hours, do you know if he was just taken somewhere and left, to get on by himself, this could be the cause, just heart broken, but TLC will overcome this, but then you would be passing him on again, so would be getting the same thing again. So never ending, separation anxiety. The next link, http://www.pets4homes.co.uk/pet-advice/can-dogs-suffer-from-depression.html Just copy into google to open and read. Do hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi I found this peace of info, it may help you find the answer your looking for. If your drug test has detected diluted urine, it means the creatinine level is abnormally low. Creatinine is supposed to be present in the body, usually in the amount of at least 20 mg/dL. If your level is much lower than this, your results will stand out to the lab workers, who will likely assume you have been drinking a lot of water. This is because excess fluid consumption can reduce the concentration of creatinine. In fact, if your level is close to 0, lab workers may even assume you did not urinate at all, but rather substituted water or any other liquid for your sample. Clearly, creatinine has a lot to do with your results. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Seeing as you have come of coffee cold turkey, this could be your body reacting to that, I would give it a few more days, see if it gets back to what you would call normal, if not then see your doctor. Good Luck  Hi The only way I know of is by surgery, its a long and painful job, you have your legs bones cut and braces put on, and each day you move the nuts by one turn calcium grows each day to fill the gap, and so on, If I remember right you could add up to 6 inch's in height from doing this, but it will cost you a small fortune to have it done. Google this, increase height surgery Its all there. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The only thing is to go with it for a few more days, but try and offer him things you really know he likes, but not any fast foods or junk foods. And see how he does, see if after a few days he change's his eating pattern, then see how he's doing. Its things kids can do from time to time. Good Luck  Hi Just stick to natural juices then, you can mix them with carbonated spring water, your find this would make them more interesting. If you use a good apple juice with the spring water comes out like cider. Perhaps its just your system and sugar based drinks, not forgetting some of these or most of them use corn based syrups, perhaps it this that's giving you your problem. Good Luck  Hi Found this for you its from the DHSS in England, could help you or should. Alcohol Drinking excessive amounts of alcohol will cause your blood pressure to rise, as well as raising cholesterol levels in your blood. Therefore, sticking to the recommended alcohol consumption limits is the best way to reduce your risk of developing high blood pressure (hypertension) and CKD. The recommended limits for alcohol are: 3-4 units of alcohol a day for men 2-3 units of alcohol a day for women A unit of alcohol is equal to about half a pint of normal strength lager, a small glass of wine or a pub measure (25ml) of spirits. CDK is chronic kidney disease. Do hope this helps you, or at least, cut down. Good Luck  Hi From what your saying I would be straight round my doctors ASAP, you do have a problem with this urinating, and we all do need our sleep. Good Luck  Hi Google natural ways out of hbp, your find lots of ways you can do this and all without drugs, now if you can do that, you feel a whole lot better, also regulate what you eating, no fast or junk foods will help, to many sugars and salt. You can also try cayenne pepper, this will clean the plaque out of your blood, I know its a hot thing to take, but the thing is it works, have a look on www.cayennepepper.info lots to read about it, it wont bring your HBP down but will help. Hope this little bit helps. Good Luck  Hi Then I think you will have to have a urine test done, there are lots of hidden secrets in you urine, and perhaps even a blood test. It might be when the two results come together that an answer might just pop up. Good Luck  Hi No, it will just increase your caffeine. Good Luck  Hi I would have thought you would be on antibiotic and a decongestant, but he's your doctor. Drinks for your throat I would have thought honey and lemon would be good, and if you have it try and some fresh ground ginger, if you use fresh lemons put that in a mug with ginger grated to the size of a hens egg, sap in the micro wave 30 seconds, either add tea or water and the honey, you find it very soothing for your throat. But don't over do it with the ginger, it thins our blood. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This bit is from WebMD, During pregnancy , this medication should be used only when clearly needed. Discuss the risks and benefits with your doctor. So off it would be best you get off to your doctor ASAP before you take any. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi if you google this, drink castor oil to hurry delivery, the is so much info, its for and against, so lots to read, if need be you can just pass it on. But I do know that my mother tried it way back in the late 1940s, your find its just to get your system working, and by doing this whoops you make a baby. Do hope this helps you and your friends. Good Luck  Hi As this is becoming more frequent, the its about time to get to your doctor, your find its very important to do this, And to save time try and take a sample with you. Good Luck  Hi OK Just relax and read, Some women who take EC may experience light vaginal bleeding. This will typically end within three days of taking the medicine. If it does not, or if the bleeding becomes heavier, contact your health care provider. The bleeding may be a sign of a more serious problem. So go off and see your doctor or gyno ASAP Good Luck  Hi, Sorry, but is there something missing from your question.  Hi, Every thing you say your find is correct, its numbs the brain and from this gets confused, so jumps to wrong conclusions over very small things. Can you find anybody who works with AA, they might be of great help, in finding your answers. But I will come back to you. Good Luck  Hi For one, we are what we eat, this Metamuci for one is a high fibre treatment and this will make you stools float, just the same as any good high fibre food, as for shape who cares, as long as your going regular then things are OK Good Luck  Hi OK so your a heavy drinker, so how are your periods? If you having period problems, you then the first thing would be slow down at first, say for 2 weeks, to nothing, when you get your periods back regular, then that would be the time to start for a baby. But get to know your body and how it works, understand your periods and work with your cycle, this way your know when to try for a baby, don't forget it takes 3 days for male sperm to reach your egg, you just need to work when your ovulating, after that its easy. But please do cut out the drink all the way through your pregnancy as well. Can you do that? Do hope this helps. Good Luck   Hi OK so your a heavy drinker, so how are your periods? If you having period problems, you then the first thing would be slow down at first, say for 2 weeks, to nothing, when you get your periods back regular, then that would be the time to start for a baby. But get to know your body and how it works, understand your periods and work with your cycle, this way your know when to try for a baby, don't forget it takes 3 days for male sperm to reach your egg, you just need to work when your ovulating, after that its easy. But please do cut out the drink all the way through your pregnancy as well. Can you do that? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Nice to here somebody is trying, Keep up with exercise but bring it down to just 5 days, in a mix that would be up to you. The other hour a day try and get out doing a brisk walk, walking is very good for you, along with swimming, if you have a pool near by, with the walking try this, as you lose weight, get a back pack, put in the weight your losing, do this with sand bags and put an old cushion in the bottom, your find this a lot better, if you have some hills walk them, I know its hard going up but its nice when you come down, and take some water. Hope this helps, it did me. Good Luck  Hi if you google this, benefits of drinking aloe vera juice daily your find far more info than can be written here, and including the pros and con, its all there spread over many sites. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK the best drug is you, and only you, I'm not going to preach to you, that's not my way. For one you need to think logically, for one you have got this far by asking for help, your first place to go would be AA, go and tell them, that you want to quit. But as your sitting at your computer reading this, why not google how to quit drinking, one thing your find is this, http://www.wikihow.com/Quit-Drinking-Alcohol, it looks quit a logic way to go. Please stay strong. you have got this far. Good Luck  Hi From what I can read on them your OK apart from stretching day 7, you should of perhaps used a condom as stated, do just hope things work the way you want them to. A tip, if you have a mobile phone use the alarm for your pill taken, its a good rememi9nder. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, To get your power back and your ejaculating is hitting the ceiling again, you need to start doing some Kegels, for this exercise just google pegym, on the just look under exercises and you will find Kegels, you should find after a few weeks thins will be back to normal, then you can just do some each week. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I found this piece of info, it should help answer your question. Hip fractures become increasingly common as women age. Prior to menopause, the body produces enough estrogen to keep bones healthy and strong. However, after menopause, estrogen levels drop, and bones can become brittle and vulnerable to fracture. About 90 percent of all hip fractures occur in those over the age of sixty-five, and most are the result of a bad fall. Although alcohol increases estrogen levels in postmenopausal women, and moderate alcohol consumption has been linked to higher bone mass, it is more likely that alcohol actually leads to fractures. Drinking alcohol, even in moderate amounts, can make a person less steady and increase the likelihood that they will fall and injure themselves. In the Nurses' Health Study, we found that women who consumed about a drink a day were twice as likely to fracture their hips as women who did not drink at all. Similar results have been reported in several other studies, including the Framingham Study. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First just come off green tea till you tongue has got normal again, two things your neither drinking it to hot, and drinking to much a day, you can overdo it with green tea. Yes green tea is very good for us, but within limitations, you really need to research green tea and the amounts you can drink. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The best thing is to live your life as normal, relax and enjoy yourselves, this way you will get pregnant. The only time you need to watch things are if your having problem with either of your health's and told to leave certain foods alone, but just enjoy and take things in moderation. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Well what you was told was right, and this bit of info backs it up. Green tea can be a significant source of vitamin K and thus antagonize the effect of warfarin. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just stick to water, although boring, its best for our systems. Good Luck  Hi And the reason for you having all these teeth pulled was what? Perhaps drinking sodas all your life, did this not perhaps light a light in your brain, to why you have had all your teeth out. I have a grandson he's 20, and like you has had all his teeth pulled out, all because of sugary drinks. So how old are you, was yours the same problem, just think what there doing to the rest of your body. Good Luck  Hi If you think you have air stuck just try some very strong pepper mints or take a very strong glass of peppermint cordial, either of these should shift it. Good Luck  Hi Drinking that way liver problems, being way over weight and put together with the drinking, heart problems, do we take it that there is more smoking than just the joints, if so how about lung cancer. Any help. Good Luck  Hi Your problem arises from refermentation from the sugars and the beer yeast its just like having your own brewery working in your stomach, till your cork cant hold it back anymore, and away it all goes. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you gulped it, then its trapped wind, strong mints, or a good peppermint drink, should shift the trapped wind. but hang on to your hat. Good Luck  Hi, It is recommended that you avoid drinking excessive amounts of alcohol while taking this medicine, because this may increase the risk of liver problems or side effects on the muscles Read more: http://www.netdoctor.co.uk/heart-and-blood/medicines/lopid.html#ixzz2x0E7YsAq As you can see this come from netdoctor, I think for your own good just leave alcohol alone till your off the drugs, I'm sure that you put your health first before you have a drink. Taking an alcohol break will do your body some good, you mat even shed a few pounds, doing it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If your talking diet, with asti spumanti , then this would not be good for him, he would be best when around the house to drink fruit juice 50/50 with spring water, and when out just spring water. Tell him its for his health. Good Luck  Hi, OK not a doctor, but love finding info that may help, below you find some links that I think should help you, and help your problem. http://www.liverfoundation.org/abouttheliver/info/alcohol/ http://www.netdoctor.co.uk/diseases/facts/alcliver.htm http://www.drinksafely.info/AboutYourLiver/LiverDamage/ http://www.britishlivertrust.org.uk/liver-information/liver-conditions/cirrhosis/ Just copy them one at a time into google to open and read. Some of the info in these links is hard hitting, but you must know by now what some of these are, but have you had any tests done yet? If not it would be a good place to start, as Im British, in the UK you could go on a transplant list, perhaps if it starts to get that bad is there a transplant list you could go on in the states? Do hope you find some help amongst the links. Good Luck  Hi I can understand the no food, but not drinking?, we all need fluids, it keeps us alive, But the vet would be the best thing ASAP. Good Luck  Hi So if you think you have some kind of cancer, the only way you will ever find it, is through you doctor and not here. You need to get your doctor to set up tests for you, with a cancer unit. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If this just after feeding baby, it should be clear of your body for the next feed, which should be over two hours away? yes. Good Luck But just the one glass, OK  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Some more you can get checked out. Migraine Appendicitis the grumbling kind Labyrinthitis Hyperglycaemia Bulimia or other psychological illnesses Some forms of cancer Just some ideas that may help. Good Luck  Hi, No this shows things are working as they should, but at two why is he still in diapers? Its now summer, now is the time for potty training, if need be let him run around the garden naked if you let him do that, but tell him when he needs to go use the potty. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sorry but why would you wont castor oil your now in contractions, caster oil is used to do that, and again your now there, just go with it, when they get down to 3 minutes then off you go to hospital, mind you this would depend how far you are from it? Good Luck. Many happy days to come.  Hi This you should find interesting, makes very good reading and should help you understand your problem. Delayed ejaculation (male orgasmic disorder) is classed as either: experiencing a significant delay before ejaculation is possible being unable to ejaculate at all even though the male wants to and his erection is normal There is no set definition to describe how long is too long, but a persistent (and unwanted) delay of ejaculation that lasts for 30 to 60 minutes may suggest delayed ejaculation. Alternatively, if you are unable to achieve ejaculation at least half the times you have sex, you may have delayed ejaculation. As with premature ejaculation, delayed ejaculation can be either acquired or lifelong. Lifelong delayed ejaculation is less common and affects an estimated one in 1,000 men. Delayed ejaculation can occur in all sexual situations, or just in certain situations  for example, you may be able to ejaculate normally when masturbating, but not during sex. When delayed ejaculation only happens in certain situations, there's usually a psychological cause. Now when it comes to masturbation, if your using a very tight grip, then your doing it wrong, the vagina is delicate a soft, so this is how you should be masturbating, you need to masturbate with a feather light touch, and use some baby oil. But as for leaving out foods, it would not help as you can read, but as we get older this can happen, and not knowing you age makes it harder to give a complete answer. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  What happens if I overdose? Seek emergency medical attention or call the Poison Help line at 1-800-222-1222. A tramadol overdose can be fatal, especially in a child or other person using the medicine without a prescription. Overdose symptoms may include slow breathing and heart rate, severe drowsiness, cold and clammy skin, and fainting. If your planning this please go seek help ASAP Life can never be that bad. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi If this was around 4 weeks ago, then you could now get tested, just get to your local STD/GUM Clinic and see the staff there they will help you and get you tested. Best to be safe than sorry Good Luck  Hi just dilute the milk with water 50/50, they do say cats should not have milk, but mine always get this, still going after 7 years, but we have had loads of cats up to 18 years old always drank 50/50. A little tip our cats when they were kittens we fed then on a mix of cat food and over cooked pasta, they loved it and still do, its now cooked with carrots and peas and has pasta in it, plus some stock cubes, they have this twice a day with meat, what's left over the dog gets with his food, its 5 minutes high heat for the carrots and peas with the pasta and cubes, 5 minutes with the pasta high heat, then simmer for 15 minutes, keep in the fridge, just microwave it as you need it to just warm with any meat. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See above answer  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Here are two links they should help you, the first should give you a better understanding of high cholesterol, and the second one if go way down, you find out how parsley and garlic will help you. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/health/healthadvice/lifecoach/8323416/Lifecoach-How-can-I-lower-my-cholesterol.html http://www.charmainejohnson.com/the-benefits-of-parsley/ Give both of these links a good read as there packed with info. Also google natural ways out of high cholesterol, you find more info. Do hope all this helps you. Good Luck  Hi google dog blot, you should find some help, but I think a vet would be best if its an on going thing. If I remember right blot is deadly. Good Luck  Hi Off the top of my head, see your doctor and have your ears looked at, he would be looking for an inner ear infection. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It would do your body the world of good, sodas and fry along with any other fast food's and junk foods, these are all high in salt and sugars, so by cutting them out you will be doing you body and baby the world of good. I take it that your pregnant then? yes, well eat as healthy as you can lots of fresh fruit daily and don't forget your vegetables as well, drink lots of milk and water, keep of coffee, sick to tea and if you can Green tea is best, try it with honey and lemon, very good for you. As for the rest just try relaxing, have an afternoon sleep, should help cut your stress. Hope this helps you. Good Luck   Hi It would do your body the world of good, sodas and fry along with any other fast food's and junk foods, these are all high in salt and sugars, so by cutting them out you will be doing you body and baby the world of good. I take it that your pregnant then? yes, well eat as healthy as you can lots of fresh fruit daily and don't forget your vegetables as well, drink lots of milk and water, keep of coffee, sick to tea and if you can Green tea is best, try it with honey and lemon, very good for you. As for the rest just try relaxing, have an afternoon sleep, should help cut your stress. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well if you go bankrupt, then you could not buy them. Look just try this, take a sip of soda, then a sip water for a week, the next week just double the water, the next week triple, till sodas no not exist anymore. See by doing a slow change over it gets your body back to normal, your find the headaches are coming from the sugars, so by doing this, your body's not going cold turkey, make sense? Do hope it works for you. Good Luck  Hi, For now all you can do is wait till Friday, being you period date, if by Sunday your period has not started then do your pregnancy test? that's the best time to do one and not before. Test before a missed period that can throw up false results. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think your find if you cut out the sodas and any fast food for a couple of weeks, they should go. if so you will then know what you need to do in your life. Get healthy, stay healthy, then your be healthy. Good Luck  Hi I had an idea and followed it up and come up with this link, it may help you. The Link, http://www.labyrinthitis.org.uk/page3.htm I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi ,Well you do have a problem, well its either give up the demon drink, or you could try having spritzers. Good Luck  Hi Yes and a tip, blood in stools or urine, get to your doctor ASAP Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi By the sound of you OK, now your down to 3 cigs a day, time to go all the way and kick it, I did the same 17 years ago, mind it takes you it takes time to really kick the habit, there are times now when it would be so easy to pick up a smoke, its times like that when self control kicks in. But you sound OK Good Luck  Hi OK just relax for a while, you have two ways to go, either your doctor and see what he/she says, or its off to the STD/GUM clinic and get some tests done there, the staff will be helpful to your problem. Do hope this helps somehow. Good Luck  Hi There is no reason why not if you like it drink it, as long as your getting you veggies as well, don't for get your daily 5, in fruit and veg, get out in the sun when you can for your vitamin D, then you should be healthy, and try to take 2 table spoonful's of olive oil a day, all very good for you. Good Luck  Picking the area would definitely cause inflammation, so on top of placing oven mitts on his hands, talk to him about the importance of leaving his peeling lips alone. The peeling could simply be chapped lips which is a very common thing in the winter. For chapped lips, I've always used Carmex. Just a suggestion. Hope this helps.  If its a short term prescription, I wouldnt risk it. Nail fungus sounds like a pretty annoying and probably painful problem to have. I would wait until you are finished with treatment, especially if he told you not to even take any Tylenol.  I DON"T EAT OR DRINK ANYTHING BEFORE A BLOOD TEST. I WAS JUST TOLD BY A FRIEND THIS PAST WEEK THAT COFFEE, PLAIN, HAS SUGAR SO IT'S BETTER TO FAST.  your allergies maybe got something to do w/ it mainly because it has a triggering factor before you experience it as you said especially when taking dairy products.. what you experience is that when you take certain food or anything that triggers your allergic reaction is that your throat lining starts to swell thus decreasing your airway and making you feel that somethings blocking your throat.. to verify if its allergic response that causes that feeling whenever you experience it try taking any anti-histamines but make sure to take non-drowse or take it when you are not working because it will make you feel drowsy..  Caution should be the watchword here. Any med taken with alcohol can be a problem because almost all meds have to go through the liver to be broken down and that's exactly where the alcohol goes too. So, there's a fight in the liver for passage and, because of this, the med builds up in your system since it can't be broken down. The result is something like a massive dose of the med and this has consequences.... It's never a good idea to drink alcohol when you're taking any type of psychotropic med. Some of them can have extremely bad effects, but not everyone is aware enough of this. The best advice is to avoid alcohol.  If your son has a diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia, he is trying to fight very powerful "demons." It is one of the most difficult psychiatric disorders there is and, as you say, it comes with other problems including severe anxiety. Many individuals with this diagnosis do try to self-medicate with alcohol, smoking and using street drugs. It is a painful situation, as you well know. He requires the help of highly experienced mental health professionals because he has what is known as an illness that requires MICA program intervention. This stands for "mentally ill chemically addicted." I would think that he should be in individual counseling as well as receiving substance abuse counseling. Usually, there are local programs which have been developed for individuals who have a MICA profile. When I worked in psychiatric hospitals, we always had family programs in the evening where families of these patients would come together to offer each other support and suggestions on workable interventions. I would suggest that you inquire of social service agencies in your area to see what might be available for you, your family and your son....  Have not had a specific blood test yet  Protein, fats and starches are first all related, ... simply depends on the breakdown. First thought to me would be gallbladder, ... but the location of the pain pins things down a bit more. Now I know space here is limited, ... but again. one needs information. How much of these proteins, fats and starches are you eating and in what forms? Pizza, Pork Chops, all with pasta and bread? Everyone needs these 3 items within their diet, ... but if any are overdone, ... BAM. All take time to digest within the stomach, breaking down into smaller, more tolerable items before the hit the "gut", ... the small intestine (duodenum, jejunum, ileum), ... there is a lot of activity that goes on here. So from what information you have here, ... my first suggestion is see your MD. Other than that, ... I'd suspect a esophageal spasm due to gastritis of the stomach or a night of heavy alcohol use. The other thing to consider is a hernia of the diaphragm (between the lungs and belly) called an Hiatal Hernia. Diagnosed by a barium swallow at your local hospital X-Ray department, ... piece of cake. Get 'er done!    Hello!  Depending on a persons lifestyle certain drugs are detectable for varied lengths of time. The longest time that Cocaine generally stays in an average persons system is 72 hours.  No caffeinated tea doesn' t work. Instead it decomposes the sucrose level in the body. It's advice to drink 7 ltr of water and glucose water to maintain the body liquidity. http://www.designerforum.com.au/  You can drink a bottle of water....of a reasonable amount....quite fast if you want, when you are thirsty. This is not the same as trying to drink as much water as possible, and as quickly as possible, to the point where you are creating a very dangerous electrolyte imbalance (often called water intoxication). This is not something that you or anyone should be doing. There have been cases where people have died.  The clindamycin will help the bacterial vaginitis, but it will not help yeast at all. As a matter of fact, an antibiotic can worsen a yeast infection. I typically advise my patients NOT to drink alcohol while on antibiotics. While there is no specific contraindication to using alcohol with this particular drugh (assuming you drink in moderation), I still discourage it. You can always call the medical provider who is treating you for patient-specific advice.  Drinking SUGARY sodas most definitely can make you gain weight. Some sodas can have 8 or more teaspoonfuls of sugar in each can.  No, genital herpes is spread by genital contact, not by a glass or straw. Oral herpes can be spread that way, but not if you only have genital lesions.  Not all kidney injuries are the same, and I do not know anything about you (age, medical history, etc.) nor the amount of alcohol that you are planning on drinking, so I would suggest that you get this "okay" from the medical provider who is treating and managing your kidney injury.  No. If this person truly has gastric ulcers, she should be under the care of a good medical provider and on medications that will WORK to alleviate her pain and cure the ulcers. I don't know how she was diagnosed or what tests have been run to determine the type and location of her ulcers, but perhaps seeing a gastrorenterologist would be advisable. Treating something that can be potenitally serious....over-the-counter...is really not the best approach.  That would depend on your diagnosis (the reason for the antibiotic) and the TYPE of antibiotic you are taking. Some can be taken with moderate alcohol, and some cannot. Since you did not tell me those two important facts, the easy way to get this answer is to call and speak to the pharmacist that filled that prescription for you.  You will not get sick. The tea may be a bit "stale" and lack some flavor, but it would not harmful.  No...your daughter got it from some other person; exposed recently....in the last month or so. You are not contagious 32 years after having mono.  If those protein shakes do not make you constipated, they are unlikely to exacerbate your hemorrhoids. Of course, you will be the first to know if it happens.....  It would be very unlikely that your husband has a UTI that is being passed to you, but sexual activity alone can lead to urinary problems, including infections. The mechanics of vaginal intercourse often spreads bacteria that has colonized in the neighborhood. Not all urinary burning is a UTI; some are just cystitis (irritation of the urinary opening). Women who do get infections associated with sexual activity frequently can be prescribed an post-coital antibiotic by their medical provider.  You can worry if you want, but you will probably be fine. The human immune system does a very good job in fighting off germs in our midst. There is really nothing you can do after the fact anyway.  It is not the same. I don't know the medical reason you were prescribed the diuretic (water pill), but just drinking more water will not accomplish the same goal. Stay on that diuretic and discuss it with your doctor.  No problem....I answered BOTH!  You didn't really ask a question, but nothing you have shared is that alarming. This is typical of a viral infection, but as you know, I have no way of blindly diagnosing or treating your grand-daughter over the Internet, so you will need to have her properly examined if the symptoms persist or worsen.  Green tea is healthy and good for you, but it is not the panacea for weight loss. When you combine your green tea with calorie reduction and exercise and it will help.  If it was easy to quit drinking alcohol, everyone would probably do it. You are addicted and you need help with this disease. I would suggest that you start with AA (even if you don't want to go).  The inability to achieve or maintain an erection could be medical or psychological, or both. Unfortunately, it would not be possible to determine a specific cause in your case based solely on the limited information you have posted in your question. My first inclination (no pun intended) would be to feel that his is a limited psychological response, perhaps due to some performance anxiety. If you can achieve an erection at other times, such as a morning erection or during masturbation, this would be the likely underlying cause. Nearly every man, at one time or another, will experience temporary erectile dysfunction. Alcohol use can be a factor, so you may want to consider giving it up for a while, until things improve. You did not mention using other recreational drugs, but cannabis, Ecstasy, and others have been implicated in temporary erectile dysfunction. If not, you will need to seek the services of a skilled medical professional to look for a medical explanation.  The medical world hears these "miracle", natural cures all of the time, but as you know, just because you read it on the Internet or Facebook, in no way proves scientific efficacy. A person on insulin is likely to need that insulin. I do not believe that any amount or form of okra will "cure" diabetes. Eating a diet balanced with ample vegetable (including okra if you want) will certainly help a diabetic control blood sugar, but as far as I know, there is nothing magic in okra. If there was, Dr. Oz would have devoted a show to it, or you would see research in the medical literature.  Sure...wine in moderation is not going to be a problem when you are on estrogen pills, any more than those years when you were making your own estrogen. It is safe.  One beer will not hurt the nursing baby. There are plenty of healthy German babies out there that contest to this.  Her prognosis would be unclear at this time. Not knowing the details and findings of her scans (CT, MRI, etc.) and her neurosurgeon's assessments, there is really no way to guess at an outcome. The fact that she survived to go this far is really a miracle, so since this is a season of miracles, you can sincerely wish for a complete recovery in time. How long? That also could not be determined. The brain has a remarkable way of healing itself if the damage is not extensive. I am sure that the family has been well-informed, so you may want to talk with a family member for more details. Go visit her if you can. Sometimes, the voice of a dear friend can be excellent medicine, too.  Diet sodas do not have calories, so they will not interfere with your weight loss, although some studies have started to implicated "sweetness" (including non-calorie sweeteners) as being problematic in the way of appetite. Also, remember that not all weight is fat....some weight is due to water retention. Diet sodas have sodium, that can cause fluid retention in some people. Just hang in there. If you calorie intake is less than you need to maintain your current weight and you are exercising, you will lose weight.  I have no way of blindly diagnosing the reason or significance of your cough over the Internet, so I would suggest that you see a medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. Your drowning sensation may be due to fluid or mucous in your lower respiratory tract or even pneumonia, so it would be wise to get it checked out today.  Yes, you can start the medicine today. The alcohol has left the building......  There may be no problem at all. Many children do not achieve full, nighttime dryness until age eight. Assuming she does not have any underlying medical problems that are contributing to this, you can just wait it out a bit longer....trying not to make her feel that she is responsible. Talk to her pediatrician, but most conservative clinicians may just recommend watchful-waiting at this time.  The fear is that you may vomit stomach contents and aspirate during anesthesia. This could be very serious.....  The issue would not be low blood sugar, but HIGH blood sugar. Increased thirst and increased urination are signs of diabetes, not low blood sugar. I would strongly suggest that you see your medical provider for a proper investigation of these symptoms.  No....HPV (human papilloma virus) is spread through sexual contact.  This is ADOLESCENT GYNECOMASTIA....caused by his hormones. I see it every day in my practice that has a large population of teenagers. It is not the soy milk, it is his ranging hormones. Use both words "adolescent gynecomastia" in your search engine and you will find plenty of information. Very common. Temporary (can last a few years, thought). I have only had one patient in 40 years that eventually needed surgery....the rest self-resolved, hidden under a shirt for a few years.  You are treating a fever incorrectly.....! First, fever is harmless and does not need to be treated. Second, you don't ever use rubbing alcohol sponge baths since this does tend to raise the temperture when the thermal sensors on the skin send signals to the brain the this child is "cold". This causes shivering, and shivering raises body temperature. You also do not wrap up a child to "sweat it out". As a matter of fact, sweating allows the body to naturally cool when air is passed over it. This is not a very high fever at all. If you want to give her some acetaminophen or ibuprofen, then this is fine. Keep her well hydrated and out of those baths! Most febrile events in children are caused by simple viral infections, so you can certainly see her regular medical provider if you are concerned. Going to the ER would not likely be indicated.  She may have been exposed , but exposure does not necessarily mean that a person will automatically become infected. The exposed person would need to be susceptable, and most healthy adults will be fine. Obviously, if she shows signs of thrush in the near future, she will need to be treated, but I suspect she will be fine.  Oral herpes (fever blisters, cold sores)....yes. Genital herpes.....no. Genital herpes is spread by sexual contact.  I am not a big fan of juice for babies (unless they are having problems with true constipation). When they start eating solids well, you can give a little "pure" juice (not sugar-water, flavored)....fruit is better after about age six months. Most of the time, they do not need more water than what they are getting in breast milk or formula. If is hot outside, it's okay to give a little water...it won't hurt them, but you don't want them to fill up their little tummies with water to the point where they won't take nourishment.  There is 30 ml in each ounce. An 8 oz glass has 240 ml. A 900 ml bottle is just about a quart, or almost four glasses, so fill up twice, drink it, and you will be reaching your fluid intake goal. See, and we thought we would never use math.  True "traveler's diarrhea" is a bacterial infection, often due to enteric E.coli, but parasites and viruses can cause diarrhea, too (Heard about those cruise ships?). I don't think this had anything to do with your Nexium. The advice that you can "eat anything" was not intended to say that Nexium prevents food-borne pathogen infections.  Yes, one can survive quite a while on IVs, but there would need to be special fluids that provide additional nutritional support (calories), not just fluid replacement. Nasogastric tubes (through the nose and into the stomach) can be inserted to put special nutritional solutions directly in the stomach, or a surgical portal can be put int he stomach to do the same. For this is only for a short time, IV fluids will suffice. Of course, a confused person would have to tolerate any of these tubes and not pull them out.  I agree with you...testing him for Strep would have been prudent, although he was not experiencing a severe sore throat. There can be other reasons (intestinal virus) to account for his array of symptoms. Preventing dehydration is essential. I suspect he is nauseated, so there are medicines that can be prescribed so that he can drink fluids without vomiting. Call his medical provider. Some immediate signs of dehydration includes lack of tears, dry mouth, and a reduced urine flow. If he is experiencing these, he should be re-evaluated immediately by his medical provider.  Drinking 64 oz of skim milk over a seven day period is really not "too much", but I do not know if you have a weight issue or not, if you are female, or if you have any other medical issues. Basically, when you are thirsty....drink water, but when you want a glass of skim milk, just have it.  Yes. The ingestion of sodas will not cause any issues with your birth control (I am assuming you are taking an oral contraceptive).  Just get him to drink more....not just milk (which can be constipating in some children). The lack of bowel movement is not concerning as long as he is acting fine. When you are not drinking sufficient fluids, the body actually pulls water from the colon to use (not the bladder). There may not be any "extra" fluid for him to urinate, so this is why you need to really encourage good hydration today. Signs of dehydration in children would include dry eyes (no tears) and a dry mouth (no saliva). If he has wet eyes and mouth, you can just hang in there a bit longer and see if increased fluids today will help. Popsicles, commercially-available electrolyte solutions, Jello, ice chips, etc. all can entice a toddler to hydrate.  Many people have "cold sores" in their past history, but do not remember or they went unnoticed as being something else. Once you have antibodies for the herpes simplex virus, it can reactivate at any time in your life....forever. Mono is an entirely different and unrelated virus. Mono cannot cause herpes, but if a person already has herpes antibodies, exposure to an illness or getting an illness could trigger this reactivation response. There can be many reasons for your symptoms, so please see your medical provider so you can be properly examined and diagnosed.  No...just the temporary weigth of the water; most of which will come out as the urine. Drink the water!  I would suggest that you contact Alcoholics Annoymous or Alanon in your area for assistance. If you can get your husand to a meeting (I know this may be difficult) it would best.  MRSA is transfered to another person by direct contact. I don't know the location or even the type of MRSA that she has, but it is not likely that drinking after each other or sharing laundry would be problematic. MRSA can be prevented by now allowing an active lesion to touch another person (keep it covered if you can), and by practicing good hygiene (handwashing, showers, etc.). Hopefully, your wife is being treated.  Baby formula water? I can't say that any of my little patients are using special water to mix the formula. I see nothing wrong with mixing the formula with any bottled water. Just buy a gallon of purified drinking water, leave it at room temperature, and use that....or use your water cooler water to fill up a jug so it gets to room temperature before you give it to the baby. I don't think they would appreciate ice water! I don't know the quality of your city water (some cities have excellent water).  Water is good. Water is essential to life. I don't think it is necessary to drink distilled water, but it will not rob you of nutrients. Water doesn' have any nutrients anyway. Drink it if you want, but your body is capable of handing tap water. It is cheaper, too.  It is safe, but I am not sure why you would want to do this challenging drink.  Although children are supposed to be on formula for 12 months; eleven months is close enough if she is eating well from the table. Give her whole milk in a cup, encourage yogurt, cheese, and other dairy products. She will be fine.....  It's safe to drink.....a personal preference.  Nothing is wrong. We both know that you have plenty of blood...it is just a problem trying to get it out. The skill of the phlebotomist may be in question. Using a smaller "butterfly" needle may have solved the problem. Some veins are smaller and more elusive, so going to a larger vein in the arm should have been easy, if your arm is not too large. Veins are typically palpated (felt) rather than viewed when it comes to drawing blood. If the tourniquet was not on tight enough or long enough, the vein may not have distended. If all fails, many phelbotomists will put a warm compress on your arm and allow it to dangle down a bit.  The toilet seat is possible, but girls using the toilet typically do not have these parts directly touching the seat. If the herpetic lesions were on her buttocks or legs, it would be more possible. You cannot get or transmit genital herpes by drinking or eating after someone....just direct contact. As long as she keeps her hands clean after using the toilet, and of course, keeps the bathroom toilet spotless, you will be safe.  There are NO CALORIES (or very few) in diet soda. It would be impossible for two diet sodas to be the smoking gun for weight gain, although there is some evidence that some non-calorie sweeteners can actually trigger sweat cravings, making you eat or drink things that are NOT calorie-free.  I don't know....I don't know what medication you are taking, so my advice to you to speak with your pharmacist.  I don't think there is a direct relationship, but there could be a peculiarity that just affects you.  Instead of what? A baby under age one should be on formula or human breast milk, but after age one, they can drink cow's milk, goat milk, yak milk, etc. as part of their diet. If the child is being offered goat's milk that has not been pasteurized, care should be taken to avoid any milk-borne pathogens.  There would not likely be any consequences to alcohol consumption in moderations after having influenza. Many people who self-diagnose themselves with flu did not actually have influenza, but another flu-like viral infection. Influenza causes generalized body aches, malaise, fever, and respiratory symptoms (coughing, congestion, sore throat). People who have gastrointestinal symptoms (nausea, vomiting, diarrhea) did not have the "flu" but most likely a viral gastroenteritis, often erroneously called the "stomach flu". This has no relationship to true influenza. If you did, indeed, have gastrointestinal symptoms recently, I would recommend that your alcohol consumption but very light, or none at all until you are completely well.  Drinking water is good, but it does not cause weight loss. Weight loss is caused by calorie restriction (eating less than you body needs to maintain your current weight), and by calorie expenditure (exercise).  Assuming he does not have a history of kidney problems, protein shakes can be a part of his diet, but NOT as a substitute for meals (make sure he isn't trying to lose weight to get into a lower weight class). Protein shakes will NOT make him stronger or his muscles bigger, in spite of what he hears or reads on the side of the product. Excess protein can be a stress on the kidneys, so make sure he remains well hydrated and does not exceed the recommended amounts of this product. More is NOT better.....  Just an odd coincidence. There would be no medical explanation for this.  Gastritis from his alcohol ingestion would be high on the list of possibilities. Alcohol use can lead to gastric bleeding and ulcers as well. There is no way to accurately diagnose your husband's stomach burning over the Internet, so I would strongly suggest that he (a) stop drinking, and (b) see a medical professional to start the diagnostic process.  There is really little that can be done over the Internet, other than to offer you some advice. I don't know your husband's complete medical history or have any way to medically evaluate his memory issues, but he does have some obvious contributory factors: tobacco, marijuana use, poor nutrition (a guess), insomnia due to unknown factors, and perhaps many, many other issues. He will need to see a medical professional to start the evaluation process, assuming you will be able to convince him to do so. Encouraging him to give up tobacco and marijuana may be futile, but at least you can try and work on him.  A modest consumption of alcohol should not interfere with the effectiveness of this antibiotic.  Drinking vodka can be dangerous. Drinking Crystal Light is not. If you mix the two together as a mixed drink, the vodka is still dangerous.  Yes, you should see a medical provider....a gastroenterologist, to be specific. Chronic laxative use....chronic constipation....can be caused by many, many things. Unfortunately, I have to way of diagnosing you over the Internet.  Gatorade is primarily water, so really any liquid is fine to help thin mucous. Water is cheaper; less sugar. Tea is fine.  The anus and the stomach are on opposite ends of the gastrointestinal tract -- quite a distance away. I would not think that an anal fissure would cause any stomach pain; at least pain as a direct relationship. Certainly, if you are having severe anal pain, this may potentially cause non-specific constitutional symptoms (upset stomach, nausea, headache, etc.), but as a rule they would be considered two, isolated symptoms.  As a non-drinker, I don't feel anyone should consume alcohol while being treated with antibiotics, but one or two drinks would probably not cause you any harm or adverse effects. The most important thing for you to do while on Bactrim is to drink plenty of water, so if you will just follow those one or two drinks with a full-glass or two of water, you should be fine. The most important thing is getting your UTI properly treated. Excessive alcohol consumption can interfere with judgment and impair inhibitions; impaired inhibitions can lead to sex, and sex can lead to another urinary tract infection....a vicious cycle!  Fruit smoothies are fine, with the exception of those calories which can be surprisingly high. Not all smoothies are created equal, you know. If you are trying to lose weight, I think it would be wise to limit these as a sole breakfast option. Once in a while is fine. You will lose more weight and get a bit more mileage if you ate a piece of fruit and had some protein in the morning (like an egg), and a piece of dry toast. Less calories....  I don't think there are any particular benefits from drinking coffee before a work-out, or any particular hazards. People process caffeine differently, so I think you should do what you want. If you are having any issues that you attribute to your coffee ingestion, just change your routine or timing of your coffee.  Many things can cause an accelerated heart rate, including certain types of nasal sprays. For you, alcohol may be acting as a stimulant, so perhaps you need to cut back on your intake to see if it is "dose-related". You should run this by your medical provider so you can have your heart properly examined.  The urine should be cultured to determine the pathogen causing the infection, and the best antibiotic for that particular pathogen. Not all people with classic symptoms of the UTI actually have one, so perhaps you will need to see a urologist to look for other possibilities.  It is possible, but any injury would likely be very minor (and accidental) since the throat is really not touched. A tongue depressor is used to push down the tongue in order to see the throat. The child may now have an unrelated sore throat, gagging from post-nasal drainage, or have a croupy voice from laryngeal irritation....things that have nothing to do with the examination.  No, multiple myeloma is not contagious.  No diet or exercise is going to help. Use the betamethasone cream and manual stretching, but be careful. Do not keep the foreskin forcibly retracted, or you may create a painful condition called paraphimosis. I do not know you age, but your glans should be fully retractable in your early teen years or before, unless you have some adhesions (tissue still attached). Without an exam, I cannot comment. Rather than treat yourself, a consultation with a good urologist now may be beneficial to you.  Urine can have an odor when it is very concentrated, or from other foods. Some foods (such as asparagus), vitamins, and antibiotics (such as penicillin ) can cause urine to have a different odor. A sweet, fruity odor may be caused by uncontrolled diabetes. A urinary tract infection (UTI) can cause a bad odor. Urine that smells like maple syrup can mean maple syrup urine disease, when the body can't break down certain amino acids . A rotten smell should be medically-investigated, at least by a urinalysis.  Not directly, but if you want to drink orange juice and the acidic nature of this juice does not hurt your throat, go for it. Orange juice will not cure or even improve Strep throat, however, but OJ is wet....and hydration is very important when you are sick.  Shouldn't be a problem......  He needs to see his medical provider so he can be properly examined and diagnosed. Frequent urination could be related to a prostate problem, a urinary infection, or even diabetes.  More concentrated urine in the bladder can be darker. As long as your urine returned to a more-normal, light yellow color after you drank more water, there is no need to be concerned.  Try a few nights without the orange juice, and then try it again. If you do find a connection, then just don't give OJ at night. For most people, this would not be an issue, but it may be for you and your child.  I don't have enough information to answer your question. Why would you be drinking glucose anyway? You can certainly do this if a glucose tolerance test was ordered for you by the OB, but otherwise, I see no need to drink glucose.  It can, so it may be wise to curtail caffeine for a while to see if your tinnitus improves.  If that were true, there would be millions of diabetics out there looking for okra. Okra is a good vegetable, but unfortunately, okra stems soaked in a glass of water overnight is NOT a cure for diabetes...  It's only a dream.....  I see the survivor people on television do it all of the time and there are a few urine-drinking zealots out there who feel that the practice is somehow beneficial. Personally, I am not sure why anyone would do this unless they were in the desert or stranded in a lifeboat; dying of thrist. Is it okay to do it? Urine tends to be sterile and primarily water with some mineral sediment, so it would not be harmful......just unusual.  No...that is ridiculous. Do you see an epidemic of destroyed kidneys in tea-drinking countries, like England, China, or Japan? Tea, like most things in moderation, is just fine....and some types of tea are probably good for the kidneys.  There can be hundreds of reasons for a child to have an headache (not an exaggeration), so it would not be possible to get a handle on the reason based solely on the content of your brief inquiry. Since this has been going on for MONTHS now and severe, it would be in his best interest to have a thorough examination and some diagnostic tests. Migraines, just one type of a severe headache, can occur in children. Now, he has a low grade fever. This may have nothing to do with his headaches since many things can cause fevers as well, but it will take a hands-on examination to make that important association. He needs a diagnostic work-up, starting with his primary care provider or with a pediatric neurologist.  You don't have to "break a fever" in children. Fever is beneficial and is helping him fight off an infection. A fever of 103 does not cause harm. Dehydration is a different issue, so it is important for him to drink fluids. As long as he has tears and his mouth is moist inside, he is probably doing fine. Fevers from viral infections, for instance, can last 3-4 days The reason to seek medical care would be the cough. Simple colds (viral infections) can definitely cause a fever and cough, but so can influenza and pneumonia. If you are concerned that this illness is something more than a viral infection, then you would need to have him properly examined by a medical professional. While you don't have to worry about fever or even treat it, you do need to make him comfortable, so if ibuprofen or acetaminophen makes him feel better, then use it.  Most infants transition to whole milk at 12 months, assuming they are eating well from the table and do not have any sensitivity to milk and milk products.. Milk is just one source of nutrients in a child's diet, but cow's milk and soy formula are not bio-equivalent. I don't know why your child is on soy, so I really can't give you the "okay" to start whole milk. You will need to talk to her pediatrician.  I don't believe that a glass or two of wine is going to interfere in any way with a flu vaccine. Enjoy.  About half of the women who have symptoms of the UTI do not have at UTI, but rather urethritis (irritation of the urethral opening where you urinate). A menstrual cycle and the items use you for your period (tampon, pads) can create some of this inflammation; even shower soap or bathing can cause irritation.  I am not sure how this "calcification" on your prostate was found, but if it was from a digital rectal exam, this may not be clinically significant. The urologist will be able to make that determination, however. It would be highly unlikely that this would be a sign of symptoms serious, like prostate cancer, in your age group. Masturbation does not cause this sort of problem. Excessive alcohol has it's own set of issues and problems, but this would likely not be unrelated to this prostate finding either.  Unfortunately, humans cannot absorb water through the skin, so it is back to the shaved ice again, sucking on popsicles, or just taking tiny sips through a juice box straw. Hopefully, his doctor gave him something for pain....a little Tylenol with codeine eliier will help him a great deal, but you will need to get someone to call in a prescription for him. If his throat hurts less, he will be more likely to drink. Signs of dehydration include a lack of tears, a dry mouth, and a reduction in his urine output.  This drink will not have any effect on your cholesterol. Enjoy.  Fast....your stomach will empty of solid food completely in an hour or two, so anything liquid is likely to pass into the small intestine in a few minutes.  There is really no set amount, but a pre-teen girl does need plenty of calcium, phosphorous, protein, and all of those nutrients found in milk and milk products. These minerals, vitamins, and protein can be found in many other food sources if she eats them. If she was allergic to milk, she wouldn't be drinking any, so these other non-milk sources would be essential to her. If she eats cheese, yogurt, or even ice cream, she is getting milk in another form, so the bottom line is: Milk is a good, healthy source of many nutrients, but an exact amount cannot be determined unless we knew what she was eating. Personally, I like milk, but humans are the only mammals on this planet that continue to drink milk after we have been weaned. We like it, but we don't necessarily need it if we have a good diet.  You and your baby will be fine, but you need to keep tract of where you put your beverage next time. It is not a good idea to be pregnant and get exposed to any secondary smoke....perhaps one of those smokers mindlessly put the cigarette in your bottle/can.  If you are talking about milk, as in breast milk or formula, then yes, an infant can take this while on Tamiflu, or just about any medication. My biggest question would be why is the infant taking Tamiflu? It is usually not recommend or used in children under age one, according to the literature. I special cases, I assume it could be used (although I have never used this drug in this age group), but it has not been well-tested for safety in infants.  Many things..... You become dehydrated. You become constipated and increase your chances of developing kidney/bladder stones. Your blood pressure may not be well-regulated. Your mouth, nose, and respiratory tract will become dry. This is just a few of the nasty things that can happen when you don't drink plenty of water....  Ice chips. Popsicles. Juice boxes with those tiny straws. Staying hydrated is not optional, so offer only a tiny sip or about an ounce at a time will certainly add up if you do it often. Food is optional for a few days, but fluid intake is NOT....you have to encourage them to drink. My giving ibuprofen, you can lower the pain threshold a bit.  Beer will not hurt a cut tongue. The tongue will quickly heal.  You cannot just request a tonsillectomy and have it done. It is really your insurance company that calls the shots anymore, but your ENT specialist would be the one who would need to justify the surgery. Unfortunately, tonsils stones, alone, may not meet the criteria for a tonsillectomy, so the ENT may need to be your advocate to see if it can be approved. There is nothing over the counter or non-surgical that would "cure" this disorder. Gargling after each meal would limit the accumulation of debris that is getting trapped in your tonsils.  Sure....but if you are taking certain antibiotics, there may be a problem. Check with your medical provider or pharmacist if this is the case.  Assuming you were not on a alcohol binge, alcohol clears the body rapidly so it would not be a problem to take metronidazole a day later. Don't ever take this drug while you are drinking, unless of course, you would like to feel very, very sick.  Most decaffeinated tea would be fine with blood pressure medication. Get a home blood pressure kit and monitor it, and you will see that you are unlikely to have any adverse effects.  Intense urinary burning? Strong smell? Frequent urination? Yes, that sounds like a problem to me.These are three common signs of a urinary tract infection. Time to call your medical provider to order a urinalysis and culture.  Moderate alcohol consumption will not interfere with any of your over-the-counter (topical) yeast treatments.  As much as I would like to answer your call for help, it is not possible for me to blindly diagnose or treat you over the Internet, so the next and most important step is yours to take. You will need to see a medical provider so that you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. You may have a Strep throat and need antibiotics, but you will need testing first. Viral infections, including mononucleosis, can also cause severe sore throats. Treatment will depend on your diagnosis.... In order to help yourself, you will need to see a medical provider today. An urgent care facility would be good, if your doctor's office cannot see you.  Yes.  You should be pleased that you have a heartbeat at all..... What a fool you are by taking this odd and dangerous combination of medications and chemicals. There is really no way to know if, or when, your body will recover from this self-inflicted insult.  Water, the purer the better, will be your friend. Caffeine is known to irritate the lining and can cause spasms, so it's best to avoid that. Thinned out fruit juice can be good, but watch the sugar. I've had excellent results with herbal teas sweetened with stevia rather than artiicial sweetener. Perhaps start wih a baseline of just drinking water, then try one thing at a time to see how your body reacts. That way you can tell what feels better with your body.  well now that you are pregnant i would suggest that you go ahead and stop drinking the redline. if you stop early enough i doubt there would be any damage done but i would not continue to drink it while being pregnant... also if you plan to breast feed just remember that what ever you intake into your body your baby will get it as well through the milk...  yes  The only problem with tea is the caffeine tends to defeat the purpose of drinking so much water (peeing a lot, can cause dehydration). If water is just too boring, try green tea or something without caffeine (not familiar with all of the herbal options). Drink mix sticks (e.g. Crystal Light) are also a fairly good alternative to drinking plain water.  See your obstetrician, or get to an emergency room. You are in premature labor, and a doctor needs to monitor your condition. A baby born too soon may be at risk for complications. DO NOT TAKE ANYTHING -- GET TO A HOSPITAL IMMEDIATELY.  has she seen a neurologist to rule out any serious problems  If you drink soda in limited way so its no problem but if you excess that it will harm you and result weight gain coz soda contains lots of sugar and calorie  OCD  I suffer from anxiety/panic for 30 years now. Caffeine will definitely affect you depending on how much you use. For me exercise helped but at the same time it did make my heart race and sometimes I talked myself into a full blown attack. If you are healthy, chalk it up to worrying or anticipating an attack.  Alcohol can raise the blood pressure and slow down clotting. So it is a good idea to curtail drinking a few days before an extraction.  Food and drinks like coffee, red wine, and tea can discolor the teeth on the outside. But those drinks aren't for children. Sodas are the worst possible drinks due to the high acid content. Acid in the saliva allows cavities to form and grow on your teeth.  Unrestricted, at-will sugar consumption has long been known to promote tooth decay, which is the single most common chronic childhood disease  five times more common than asthma and seven times more common than hay fever. A lack of certain nutrients can also make it more difficult for tissues in the mouth to resist infection. The largest calcium depleters are sodas.  Silver front teeth are a thing of the past. If you do have a cavity it can be repaired with white restoration. More than likely, the sensitivity is transient and will go away soon.  First i do like to advice you to wait for the period, if you do not see the period go for a home pregnancy test. A pregnancy test only reacts to the pregnancy hormone human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG). However, if you are pregnant, this hormone will not be present in your urine or blood until 13 to 16 days after ovulation (the release of an egg), which is around the time that you would normally get your period. Until this time has passed it will not be possible to see a positive result in a pregnancy test. Source :- Pharmacysell  I also have severe anxiety. I am only 17, so I do not know what a drunk/high feeling is like. However, I am familiar with the spaced out sensation. These are factors that contributed to my spaced out feeling: In addition, depending on what form of anxiety you have, perhaps your worried thoughts are always on your mind and thus prevent you from staying in the moment. This was true for me - I have OCD. I think it would be in your best interest to see a psychiatrist.  its a normal reaction it means that you are slightly allergic to alcohol    Nausea and vomiting are usually harmless and the color of your vomit will reflect what was in your stomach at the time. Here are some things to consider:  After you've had a tooth pulled, there are a few things to consider during your recovery:  The best answer here is to get to your doctor or the ER and get this checked out immediately. That way, you'll know for sure if there is anything to worry about, and if not your mind will be at ease. Here is some information on that may be helpful. We hope you find out soon. The WebMD Answers Staff  Here are two links that I think will answer your questions: Be sure to let your doctor know what's happening as soon as possible. The WebMD Answers Staff  The tongue is much like a sponge. Whatever you eat or drink it Absorbs. Are you a smoker? Smoking often can have adverse effects on oral health leaving the tongue " hairy" in texture and a yellowed colour. Dark pops will also leave a yellowed colour to the tongue. Make sure you are brushing the tongue when you brush the teeth to avoid the further growth of bacteria . There is a condition called yellow tongue which is usually self treatable. Yellow tongue occurs when bacteria of the mouth grow and create a colour pigment of yellow. It is suggested to quit smoking, brush the tongue several times a day and use mouth wash and to create a high fibre diet for yourself. If you are feeling really concerned you can wash mouth with 1 part peroxide, 5 parts water(do not swallow!). Once rinsed gargle water through the mouth for approximately 60 seconds to shake peroxide and bacteria loose. It is recommended that you should continue to check eyes for yellowing, as the next related cause could be jaundice. If concerns continue go see your MD.  How much water are you drinking? It's all about balancing intake and elimination. Are you drinking at least 6-8 cups of water each day? If not, then that's probably why you're peeing it out... sounds like a little bit of dehydration/electrolyte imbalance (that's why you're having stomach pain). Sometimes, water isn't enough. Try Gatorade, but small amounts because it has a lot of sugar in it. I drank some, and it worked like a charm :) I know you said you live far from a doctor, but you should try to go to one anyways, just to be on the safe side. Maybe somebody can drive you or you can take public transportation. Best wishes <3  I love Parents.com and Pampers.com. They provide you an status of what to expect from your developing child month by month. I was so concerned with my son for a similar reason. First he wouldnt eat and then he would only eat the SAME thing allllll day. Come to find out for this year (2) this can be expected. What was comforting was when the doctor writing the Pampers.com article said there are no known case of a two year old starving themselves. They are just being independent and they are not growing as much as they have been so just dont need the calories for energy. Below is the link...I hope it works and hope it helps... http://www.pampers.com/the-art-of-feeding-a-toddler  Sometimes it just takes time, give it a year if you are under 35. If you are over 35 then 6 months, if no luck by then call your obgyn and make an appointment. Or if your really concerend just go. And if nothing is wrong just relax enjoy the process of making a baby. When you let go and relax that's usually when it happens.  use medicated Vaseline it works for everything even new tattoos  as mentioned above, fibrous food.  When was the date of your last menstrual period and what was the date of the sexual encounter?  If you are on any medications, you should talk to your doctor immediately. You may be having an allergic reaction.  hello. I am a cna 2 and i know a little bit about blood pressures. Even for a younger person around 18, that top number is pretty low. drink a lot of fluids that contain sugars and electrolytes and see if it helps. If it does within a hour. Call a doctor. If u normally have high blood pressure or anything higher than the average (120/80) i would suggest calling the hospital. Also try putting your feet above your head level. I hope this helps!  First this can cause DEATH. How she made it this far is beyond me. I would do an intervention or help her seek medical help. She is hooked to drugs and alcohol without realizing it.  Sounds like a bacterial infection. Get an antibiotical ointment or cream for the penis. Give it five day to a week to heal. Also, don't wash the penis with soap. I know that you wish to teach him cleanliness, but there is a possibility that soap could be caught between the penis and the foreskin, causing bacteria to build up. Warm water on a cloth is good penis health. Keep a relationship with your pediatric doctor just in case the ointment or cream does not help.  The pain is similar to angina. The issue is, in your additional information you did not put if it is hot of cold drinks.His esophagus might be inflamed and it's situated right behind your heart. A gastroscopy will find out if his stomach and esophagus are alright and if not you need to be put on a "special diet." Remember to always consult your physician. You can also check out sites: http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/000289.htm http://headtotoe.apta.org/topic/special/ut1638spec/sec1.htm  Yes and No. Is the machine controled by an outlet? If so, it can only cause asthma to worsen if it is not cleaned regularly. If you have carpet, leave windows open for some time, have a pet, ceiling fan, if you leave the air conditioner running... Dust, dirt, and debris travel, which is why it most be cleaned daily, even if you do not use it often. If you are ok to put the work in, the machine can help you ease your asthma. For more infomation, check out site: http://www.djdepot.com/difference_between_fog_and_haze.html    Korean ginseng tea may be helpful if you have erectile dysfunction, male infertility, diabetes, chronic fatigue syndrome, colds, infections or flu. There are issuse like Increased Blood Pressure & Heart Rate, Gastrointestinal Problems, Insomnia & Nervousness, Hormonal Effects, Blood Clots, Manic Episodes, and Hypoglycemia. You can research, check out site: http://www.livestrong.com/article/138166-korean-ginseng-tea-side-effects/  Burning Mouth Syndrome could be Nutritional deficiencies, Dry Mouth (xerostomia), Oral Candidiasis (Oral Thrush), Diabetes, Menopause, Anxiety/Depression, etc. Consult with a doctor and check out this site: http://www.yourdentistryguide.com/burning-mouth/  i have hypoglycemia and whenever i have low blood sugar i feel like im going to pass out and vomit. My limbs go numb and soon i puke. The monster shouldve provided enough sugars to keep blood sugar at normal but if she doesnt eat she may need more. Try getting sugars into her from juice or a candy bar.  not sure. have you googled it?  I have ADHD myself. Most energy drinks have caffeine, and the effect is the same as most stimulants in people with ADHD: it slows them down. I take a B12 vitamin supplement as a pick-me-up when my stimulant medicine isn't enough, and some energy drinks have B12 instead of caffeine. Try V8 Fusion Energy.  you have to take pain medication, the good medication for you is  I am prone to UTIs I am 24 and get about 3-4 a months since I can remember. The Cystex cranberry should help if you need to go up to a pharmacist and ask how much they think she should take. I started going to wal mart and buying just cranberry it's down the juice isle and that helps me it is only cranberries no sugars or artificial flavoring all natural and it is sour I have a kids cup I fill up just half way and drink because I can't handle to drink any more than that but I drink that and it's gone usually within an hr or two. She is still to young for the azo pills but I get mine for no apparent reason I can eat and drink all the right thing wipe good take showers constantly it doesn't matter I always get them and I just don't worry about going to the dr and getting meds or else I would get immune to them but try that I know how she's feeling especially at such a young age.  yes you can iv dun it and im still alive and it dident hurt me  I'm assuming she has a MRSA infection in her skin, which is most common. In that case,the most important thing is to keep good hygiene. Wash your sheets with bleach every time you sleep on them, wash your hands regularly, and avoid contact with the wounds. Drinking after her should be okay unless she has a skin infection near her mouth. Even when you think the MRSA is gone, it is important to keep up these habits, as she will still be able to infect others. I learned the hard way, and got MRSA from my sister long after we thought it had subsided.  You might have a little trouble sleeping? I wouldn't stress out about it too much unless you are allergic to either one.  I have heard that carbonated water isn't great for your teeth and that if you tend to get heartburn it might be a problem but to me, it is the lesser of many other evils. Here's an older blog post where it's mentioned in the context of tooth issues: http://blogs.webmd.com/healthy-recipe-doctor/2010/11/the-dangerous-duo-for-your-teeth.html I also found the heartburn connection in this article: http://www.webmd.com/heartburn-gerd/america-asks-9/cooking-meals I still drink it as again, the lesser of evils with a touch of fruit juice and a little regular water as a substitute for something even worse for me when I get tired of plain water. I guess everything in moderation. Hope this helps!  You must do daily 1.5 hours and follow strict health regime. http://www.rashidhassan2013.wordpress.com  What I found when I searched your answer was 'floppy eye syndrom' but I'm not sure if that's what it is... I will still mention it to the doc when I go soon. There doesn't seem to be much irritation under the eyelid though... my eye lashes on the more tired side do flare down more like the symptoms of floppy eye. There's no abnormal discharge. My instinct is that it could be Myasthenia Gravis but my PCP didn't seemed very concerned. I'm really frustrated, because I know people see that one side of my face looks exuasted while the otherside looks like it's in shock. Nothing really stood out from the blood tests done at the PCP so I wasn't told to do anything else about it. Should I take it upon myself to set up an appt with a Neurologist? I don't want to keep forking out money to be told things "seem" normal. I don't want to wait for symptoms to get worse and I've waited to this point to see if things would get better. Are their any other eye problems that are similar to MG and floppy eye? Are there better test to request from the eye doc or pcp?  Could be associated with Motrin/Ibuprofin that is causing the bleeding  First off, right now, the alcohol is the main issue and her bipolar can not be addressed until she free of its usage...Ok, i too suffer from depression and manic episodes......did the alcohol bring on the depression or did the depression bring on the alcoholism? I dont know but i do know that once i got into a 12 step recovery program that i was able to work on my issues and resume a semi-normal life. I would recommend you save your patience for waiting in a slow grocery checkout line and get on with your life, her life might just need that "tough love" approach. I had to hit bottom to move on.  I remember I had this same questiosn when I was pregnant, and unfortunately things like herbal teas are not often on the typical "do no eat" list for pregnant women. That said, I would definitely ask your OB about this. Although herbal teas are "natural" they are not regulated so you can never be sure what you are getting. Plus, there isn't much research to know for sure whether any specific ingredients are harmful. I remember I pretty much avoided them. Here's some more information that may help: http://www.webmd.com/baby/rm-quiz-pregnancy-food-facts  Vertigo maybe mine is usually caused by wax pressing on my ear drum except the 1st time which was from a middle ear infection.  I am sure you got your answers if she has already went. Which I hope she has. It is very important that she gets the help that she needs because I believe this is very serious if she has gone as far as drinking and having suicidal feelings. I am experienced with this because I was a patient of bi-polar and began treatment in 2002. Helping is hard. She must first want to help herself before she can be helped. It is going to be a bumpy road for you both, as relationships with a bi-polar person can be difficult and hard to deal with. Positive words and thoughts are always a plus. Patience is the key.  This may have to do with a motion sickness issue.  It really depends on the ingredients. Some contain artificial preservatives that aren't very good for the body.  Yes this is very normal I believe. When i was pregnant I had this same problem and the only thing that worked for me was to drink a glass of cold water and to eat a small amount of mustard.  I to am bipolar 2 My Dr. said that bipolar 2 jusst means that I am more on the deppressive side on the upper side for the most part. I don't think that anything a friend does brings it on its just something that we batte. Medication is the only thing that helps. And maybe a friend to be there for you to just listen. cougar  I am a dental hygienist and my advice to you is to see your dentist because it sounds like you may have a problem with the temporo-mandibular joint. Most people refer to this as TMJ. Dentists are very highly trained in the detection of all oral disease and head and neck disorders. Do you frequently wake up with a headache in the morning? This is another sign. I hope you find out what the problem is and follow up with your Dr.  I came across some info online awhile ago about exercise, diet and healthy living. I remember that the woman in the video said, "Sugar is your enemy". In my own experience, (I have fibro.) sugar is definitely my enemy. I crave it daily but I really try to avoid it because it simply increases my pain when I have it. It's not worth it! Fizzy drinks are full of sugar and other chemicals that are damaging to your system. They contain caffeine as well and drinking that much per day can cause issues such as irregular or rapid heart rate and keep you "wired" and up at night. While initially, you feel like you are energized, you will certainly have that sluggish feeling as the day goes on. I would suggest you try to "wean yourself" off them slowly and I guarantee you will feel better, have more energy and probably lose weight too. Try replacing the drinks with water and increase your intake of vegetables and fresh fruit. An overall diet restructure will help you so much. Good luck!  You need to go to the Dr. Drinking tea that contains caffeine can hurt your heart if there's a genetic problem. I saw on Dr. Phil that his Dr. On call app is free and if you get the free app you can talk to a real live Dr. For free till Feb. 28th. Hope this helps.  No. You need Braggs raw unfiltered Apple cider vinegar with the mother. In a glass of water, put one tsp in and one tsp of lemon juice. If you have raw honey, a tsp of that too. Coke and meth stay in your system for 72 hours.  I woundnt be to worried but just to be sure see a doctor  it could be acid reflux  heartburn try antiacids like tums or even sprite helps some times even try tonic water  if he has pain or a burning sensation when he tries to pee. it could be a urinary infection  Most people are dehydrated alll the time, but with such little water this would make it more severe. If you tend to be normally hydrated, it will be more drastic a change. In either case, headache, nausea may occur. Skin and hair may become brittle and you will lose energy and the ability to focus in some instances.  view this product http://abeeainkg6kuev34mbz96bk281.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=KENYDIET  View this product http://f6a25ajbm7fo1z3hbiz-ol4we2.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=DIABETES  try drinking lots of liquids, sodas with carbenated water in them work for me  Is there a possibility you might be pregnant? That would explain the "morning sickness"  i think u should try to get in with a gi dr. your primary may not be able to help. also try to cut down on fatty foods and drinking. it will really help. a gi dr will be able to do tests to see whats going on in your stomach and other organs that aid in digestion.  Its not likely you have HIV but good for you for being responsible and taking the the first steps. Are you in the UK? Most of the main hospitals have a GUM clinic and they usually offer a counselling service before you get the test know your not alone, if your really scared I would do this just getting it out there will make you feel better. I had a needle stick accident working with street sex workers once whilst visiting them in a house that was not too clean I sobbed for 10 hours knowing that it had a higher than usual chance of having HIV on it but I went to see the therapist and felt so much better. I had something called ART therapy for six wks its a course of HIV meds to block out the virus that you can have if you have been put in a high risk category of contracting the virus that is a very strong HIV medication in a high dose that had toxic side effects, only to be used if you believe your at risk.  frequent urination, extreme thirst and unexpected weight loss.  Two basic possibilities: a) food poisoning or what is sometimes called "stomach flu" and b) some more lasting problem. Either way, you need to stay hydrated and go see a doctor.  Probably a stone in the right one as well. My son is 43 and has kidney stones since he was 18. Usually has multiple stones in both kidneys. At one point he had too many in each kidney for the specialists to count.  I don't think so. It is only the sugar from the oranges.  None at all  First, It is nothing that you said or did that brings on the episodes. Bi-polar disorder is very difficult. I am bi-polar. It is very important that she gets help for the drinking. Many people with bi-polar disorder self medicate with drugs and alcohol. The best thing you can do for her is to make sure she gets help.  Rest  No. Tea is a diuretic and actually dehydrates you in a similar way as coffee or alcohol  caffinated tea will dehydrate you even more and does not count.  moderately its not life threating  defeats the purpose  no  There is no way around this. You need to contact you GP. Make certain you are honest with what you have been doing with the weed. I am not going to speculate what has happened. Good Luck and please be grateful that you have had your mitral valve replaced.  Nothing should be ingested from 12 am the night before until after the surgery. Drinking alcohol within 8 hours of surgery will have very very detrimental harm to your body since they will be giving you pain medicine and anesthesia which ultimately may kill you in combination. Don't be stupid.  I would not want to be on the same road as her. Dosage and tolerance is a factor and as long as she does not abuse her medication then driving on that alone is safe. The combination of two depressants however is harmful to your essential organs and is in fine print on the pill bottle to never combine alcohol and the medication. In reality, two glasses of wine alone will have one being sober as a goat but drinking on top of the medication will result in feeling very messed up and is basically the same as driving drunk. I had a friend who passed away from the combination of alcohol and antidepressants when he was 18 and that was the biggest tragedy I have ever gone through (wasn't his first time doing both either). If you care about this person then you should either get them help or cancel their subscription because they are rolling the dice everyday they take it.  Alcohol affects every single organ in the body when one may think just the liver. I will say that one glass of wine has been proven that it is not harmful and some studies show it is good for your body. A shot of liquor will have more harm as the alcohol is highly concentrated but still has little to no effect at all on one's body. One beer will cause essentially no harm in the body as well. Now when looking at two or more drinks is when alcohol begins to turn downhill. Starting with the most important organ, your heart beat is slowed down as it is a depressant which is why caffeine is strongly disapproved while drinking. Excessive drinking amounts can cause an irregular heartbeat and difficulties down the road. The brain is affected and obviously alcohol kills brain cells. It also blocks neuron receptors which is a reason why people tend make stupid decisions while drinking. An alcoholic's brain in a study have had scans done and become significantly different from those of people who do not drink. The liver can gain fatty cells that can be hazardous if alcohol continues to be consumed over a period such as a couple years. Other problems can arise such as jaundice and liver cancer but will be caused by a lot more than just one drink for a very long time. Alcohol is also a diuretic which means it dehydrates the body which is why when drinking alcohol, many people pee out a lot of water from their body to help pass the poisons from alcohol faster. Kidneys are affected by having their functioning percentages being lowered if excessive drinking occurs. Other organs have are affected a little such as breathing and bowel movements will be slower. Another part of the body that may unnoticeably be affected is the esophagus and thyroid but primarily from liquor (not so much wine and beer) due to the higher level of alcohol percentage which results in a burning sensation when going down the throat. Ultimately, drinking one glass of alcohol will have little to no effect on a person. Drinking in moderation is the key and keeping your drinks below 4 is helpful as well. Hope this helps  You more than likely have an ear infection but it is hard to tell from online. I would recommend seeing your doctor who will give you medication and have you feeling better in no time. hope this helps  I really don't think you should worry about this.  Please don't do that. Diet products are very unhealthy and known to cause pain in joints at the least and lead to cancer. Eating a healthy portion with less sugar and salt is so much better for your baby.  It is the carbination you should be worried about. Carbination causes anything you are eating (like sugar, caffeine, etc to be absorbed more readily). This is not healthy. If you feel you need to cut back on caffeine try a clear soda pop without caffeine to ease your cravings. The best replacement though is water with a little real juice added for flavor and nutrients. Depending on your other needs you can adjust the juice. i.e. cranberry for kidneys, cherry for inflamation in the body... Buy 100% juice. Please stay away from diet drinks.  Try the BRAT diet, if you have not already. It's strictly Banana, Rice, Apple sauce (not sweetened), and Toast (dry). DO NOT CHEAT while on the BRAT diet. Not even a bite. And only drink water. Eat this way until you have solid bowel movements for a day. Then reintroduce bland foods. The bland meal I always have to follow up is plain chicken breast, yam, and rice. If the stool gets loose again, go back to the BRAT for another day or two. I used this remedy with my children whenever they had diarrhea, and it worked like a charm.  Its not heartburn this a way different pain then heartburn  12 hours  blood chemistry is returning to normal range  In the last week I have begun to experience sudden vertigo while lying down, if I try to to stand up I become completely disoriented. What could be causing this? I do take Lisinopril 20mg and Terazosin 5mg for prostrate, do not smoke or drink.  Close your eyes and pray is all I can think of. Hope this dosent happen, Take care!  I remember my mother complaining about this same thing everyday for 3 years. What I can tell you is that my mother was type 2 diabetic and had lung cancer. She recently died in May 2012. I am not assuming that her food lodging or feeling lodged was associated with her lung cancer however it may have something to do with her being a diabetic. She was never able to get an answer from her doctor to what may be causing it. I sometimes feel guilty because there were times I thought she was just using that for an excuse not to eat. I was worried because she was losing weight. That's why when I read your question it just immediately jumped out at me. My answer to you would be to get your sugar tested. And whatever you do, don't ever give up on finding an answer because it could be something serious. Hope you are better soon.  More water, try drinking it. Coffee causes a strong urine smell too. So do illicit drugs. Yeah :[  okra is healthy but i have tested out drinking a tablspoon of organic coconut vinegar and it greatly decreased blood sugar levels where i was getting severe lows from it. i havent explored in daily trials yet.  try adding real lemon to your water and drink as much as you can tolerate and rinse your mouth with organic coconut vinegar before swallowing it. dont swallow often as this tends to lower your blood sugar level greatly. this technique will help clear infection or toxins out of your body and if taken routinely, will help prevent future infections for the most part. if there is pain, you will find by placing a piece of clove (a spice/herb) under the tongue where the bump is or if thats too painful, put it between your cheek and gum and kinda let sit there for as long as you tolerate. it has a numbing affect.  drinking and gargling with organic coconut vinegar and putting real lemon in your drinking water will help cleanse and rid your body of any toxins. followed routinely will help prevent future infections.  yes , if the bp fluctuates high enough  have you talked to the doctor and poison control? they should have treatment for various type of chemical  24 hours  Many over the counter analgesics contain small doses of caffeine, anyway. In fact, whatever Power Drink you chose may synergize with the pain-relief aspect of your medication, while helping to eliminate some of the drowsiness associated with narcotic pain medications. Just be mindful of dosages on both ends. A good rule of thumb is that you can always add more later, but you can't take away if you've had too much; basically start small and work your way up  I've been in recovery for seven years. You can't get someone to stop no matter what you do. I am very sorry you are going through this. My husband resented me because he couldn't drink when I stopped. We split up. We finally divorced but still loved each other desperately. I never doubted that we would not got back together. We were divorced 4 months. Then I got a call from the sheriff on December 16, 2012 that Bill died of a massive heart attack. A direct result of alcohol. No goodbyes, not a last hug, kiss or I love you. That man was my life for 26 years. It's been 18 months and I'm still in a fog. Bill and I shared the same birthday, December 5th so we got married on our birthdays December 5th 1988. I was asked to speak at an AA meeting two days after Bill died. I made it all the way through and didn't break down until the end. When I was drinking I didn't think my drinking affected anyone but me. I didn't realize until after 2 years I was sober that it does more than anyone thinks. I have lost five of my closest friend in 6 years to alcohol. It does affect those around us. I wish your husband could see my pain, my agony and my grief every time someone dies. Especially my husband, How I wish I had that on tape to help others with. Remember, if anyone really wants a new and easier life they will go to any lengths to get it. A lot of people are blessed with this gift. Some people don't make it. Please ask your husband to read my post. Again Sweetie, if your husband chooses to continue drinking no matter how much it hurts you have to take care of you. You are both in my prayers. God Bless you both and my the Lord shine down and help you both.  Try drinking some ginger ale or chai tea to help ease your stomach. These usually help me after being sick and not able to eat. Also you can try a smoothie. It will give you the vitamins back you need and help fill you up.  No chlamydia is spread only through sexual intercourse.  not really  Regardless if it is a hot or cold water, drinking lots of water everyday will definitely improve your weight loss efforts. Drinking water can make you feel full and suppress your appetite.  It may count to keep you hydrated. Drinking lots of water have significant effects on our bodies. It is very important that we should take in lots of water to keep us hydrated and flush out toxins from our bodies. Water also has its wonderful effects to keep our skin glowing and vibrant.  Most sodas contain sugar that can make you gain weight. It will be better if you will drink water of fresh juices instead of sodas to keep your skin glowing and prevents the occurrence of acne.  The best advice I can give is to go see an oncologist. He/she would be the only one that could diagnose you with Lymphoma.  Same thing with me and wheat. Happens to a lot of people whether they want to admit or not. Even the French.  Your husband should be tested for sleep apnea right away! He is probably sleep deprived and his heart health is at risk. Does he snore? and like snort and wake himself up? That's because he has stopped breathing. There are many reasons for sleep apnea. Also, if he has a cold, or sinus congestion or cluster headaches, that can cause these symptoms. But I am thinking he has sleep apnea. After I found out that I have sleep apnea and started treatment on my c-pap machine, it took about a week to get used to having the mask on, but within 3 weeks, I noticed that I was thinking more clearly and had way more energy! Call an Ear Nose Throat Doctor and they will get you started!  prickly pear cactus...eaten by Mexican and central American peoples.  Ok, it is possible. BUT 98% of the time women don't have periods when pregnant, BUT there are rare cases in which they do. SO to your question...it could be possible sometimes those HPT tests are 100% true. I took 3 here just recently back. I had 2 positives and 1 negative. And see this was after I had a tubaligation done. So I would HIGHLY recommend to go see your PCP because if you haven't had a period since November, I would think you would be. But this way they can do a blood test which is more accurate. When I took a test with my daughter it took 30 minutes to read, and than it was extremely faint, so when I went and had the blood test done it was positive and accurate. Hope all turns out for the best for you and I really hope I was some kind of help. Good Luck.  sounds to me like high blood pressure  have u tryed applying for ssi and medicade and telling them that is a emergency fist u need to find a gi doctor because i had that problem and couldnt swollow i have a hernia in my throat so thats what i can offer is my addivce to u.good luck.  another words he prefers he doesnts want u to drink at all both beers are bad for u.hope this help.u need a support if ur a heavy drinker.  main concern is no appetite, lips are blistering, not drinking much. plays for a few minutes and then just falls asleep. very unusual for her.  Is it gone by now? if not, please please please please please see a doctor pronto. *I AM NOT A DOCTOR BUT I HAVE COMMON SENSE AND I LIKE TO STUDY MEDICINE*  I heard that drinking mild water early in morning will surely help you in weight loss efforts.  yes  It might be a food allergy or sensitivity. My cheeks and ears get red and hot after I eat wheat, but also sometimes randomly. I think its probably a dye and additive that makes me flush on the non-wheat times. Have you tried keeping a food journal?  if you didnt drink alot in the first place it could be your body flushing its self. if you dont drink alot of water and then you start all at onec only drinking water, you will have a clencing cycle if i my  you may want to look into Vertigo. my mother was just diagnosed with this and had a lot of the same symptoms. She'll go for days without an episode then all of a sudden she's dizzy, off balance and she ended up hurting herself fairly badly when she fell and hit her head. I'd suggest going to the doctor asap if you're able.  Not sure about GERD but they suggest not drinking really cold drinks with IBS  How long have you been drinking this much?  Doctors have many medications these days for nausea. I was nauseous all day for 9 months. I need to go to the doctor a few times to get fluids also. Call your doctor they can help with that. It is not fun I know exactly how you are feeling. Some things I did was have crackers by my bed and ate a few before I sat up in bed and then slowly sit up. Also one of those rice packs you can heat up in the microwave and lay it on your stomach. Use an alcohol swab pad and smell it for a few minutes, ginger tea, a couple cups of mint tea with honey and sugar. I hope you feel better!  extreme thirst..dark urine are symtpoms of diabetes...also blurred vision..my husband always had 20/20 vision and he started having trouble seeing road signs...and was always thirsty and could never quench it...finally he checked his sugar with my father's meter and it just came up "high" was over 800 when he went to hospital  I always take mine as needed. It is very addictive.  If you have to ask that question, its safe to assume you already know the answer! I'd say you should think about some counseling for alcoholism if you're a drinker!  Sounds like pancreatitis....when you have the pain go immediately to the doctor. It is difficult for them to diagnose it unless you are having an attack. My husband is experiencing the same thing. The doctor told him when he has an episode go straight to the clinic and get a blood test and a scan. He has a standing order for both. You may want to ask your doctor for the same thing so the next time you have a flair up you can get the tests done that day.  okay to start weight gain , he will become very heavy, number two it bearks down the enamel of your teeth which means in time youll be toothless also cause of the sugar your at greater risk for becomeing a diebetic , thats just for starters , sode should only be a treat , not and everyday all day thing it may taste good but it nothing but enpty carbs and to top it off ur body uses more water breaking soda down then it gives you and the end result you contuine to want a drink cause your looseing water not giving it , hope this helps and telll your friend to ease up on the soda :)  sounds like it could also be kindey stones .... either way if the pain gets worse or of u begin to have pain when u pee, call the doctor :) if u have fear to go maybe justa consult can let u know weither its something to go in for , hope u feel better  i cant say for sure what is going on but you seem to be in tune with the things your not doing right, i would go speak to your doctor about it first thing, then def try to up take in water..... water is life without it everything in your body will slowly begin to break , also eatting right it not that hard to add healthy things into your everyday habbits there so many thing you can do that dont take much time at all ex: try not eatting carbs after 4 pm meaning no pasta no bread no cookies and cakes chips anything high in carbs , your body makes insulin that breaks down crabs and turns them into engery , after late after noon your body stops making this and all carbs eaten after that time frame become stored as fat. also with a uptake on water will help flush out anything bad in your system. try to eat thing that have color i ate very bad for a long time and with a lil bit of trying was able to make a world of difference . i feel better and look better . also smoking i cant say anything about that im a smoker as well and we both know its very bad but i know quitting isnt easy or i would have done it already but i do try not to take my cigarettes outside with me when im doing things so i dont smoke as much , it helps me a lil ..its not a bad idea to try to also swelling could happen from lack of water and a lot of salt in your diet ..... try to take care of these things little everyday choices and change your life ..... i hope this helps  its def sounds like bloating to me, best bet would be to ease up on the soda cause soda can make that worse and try not to lay down after you eat so your stomach can break down your food the best it can , you also could have a hernia i have a hiytal hernia and i have to eat slow or i get the same way also doc told me to wait a good half an hour to lay down if im going to also you help with the feeling of being bloated and to boost up digestion stand up after eatting and walk around for a while it helps me also dont eat to late at night try to keep dinner as far from sleep as possible and uptake on water , water is good for everything , hope this helps  it possible , and this really depends on how much you were drinking on a normal basis but as we all know when you drink you get a surge in sex drive, it possible that now because your body is use to having the drinks ,your sex drive .... now without it your body has to again adjust to the changes , i dont think its something to worry about , also when you stop drinking of even something like cigarettes they give your body and mind stress and that alone can lower your sex drive i say give your body sometime to go into a groove without the drinks and see how you feel theres also many little things that can be done to boost your sex drive eatting better , working out ex. running ...all these help your brain produce the hormornes of happiness and with happiness come sex drive :) if this problem dosent go away on its own i would say its a good idea to talk to your doctor about it , good luck and hope the best for you :)  i would start off by saying 1 drink plenty of water , and two try as best as you can to pee after sex as this helps keep out things can can give you a uti, yeast infections are due to the yeast that lives in you intestines , if you do anal sex try to not do it before vag sex and if possible wipe yourself when u go number two toward your back not toward your vag as this will help limit the contact of yeast to your vag. hope this helps , also a healthy diet can help with utis, i get them sometimes started after my son was born and i began drinking lots of water and for me i was able to stop it without meds , if you try this and it doesnt go away go to your doctor , if you have had children before they say it makes it more common to have utis , hope this helps :)  You could since it has a lot of nutrients, but you still have to count the carbohydrates and sugars into your meal plan. You may find there are too many carbs and sugars for the drink to be worth it. Since they are expensive you may want to see if the nutrition facts are online before buying.  Good for you for trying to help your partner! I can only imagine how this takes a toll on you. I agree that she should see her doctor again and get a few blood tests done. If she is losing that much blood, she may be anemic, causing her to feel weak and tired. Try to get her to a Gyno and go with her if possible. I, personally, would be most worried about the drinking and paranoia. Alcohol is a depressant and is more than likely making things worse, though she may feel a bit better at the time she is drinking. There could also be some underlying depression. Until she gets to the doctor, do your best to be patient and kind. She is clearly not herself at this time and probably feels bad about how she treats you afterwords. Try distracting her and getting her to do a bit of excersice (a walk around the park) as it can help some period symptoms. Worse comes to worse, offer chocolate!!  It's safe to drink the Mirlax. You've more than likely had gall stones for awhile, it's just recently that they started causing issues...so technically, you've already drank Mirlax while having gall stones.  The signs you've described can also be caused by hypo or hyper glycemia. Have a doctor do some simple blood tests to make sure he doesn't have diabetes.  As you have tried Diflucan, tell your doctor that it doesn't work. There are prescription creams for yeast infections they can give you that are stronger than the ones you get over the counter. Also, after sex try using cleansing wipes instead of just toliet paper after you urinate. You can get flusable wipes at Walmart for a few dollars. Also, if you haven't already, have the doctor check your blood levels to make sure you don't have diabetes. Women with diabetes are more prone to getting yeast infections.  The last 2 answers have it about right....I'll just add to it. Working out 7 days a week can put too much strain on the body. Go down to 5 or 6 days to give your muscles time to repair. When we exercise we create little tears in our muscles and they need time to heal. If you exercise too much you could cause an injury, get dehydrated, and start to feel weak intead of invigorated. Also try other excercises besides just cardio. Weight lifting with lighter weights can help create that slick athletic look that you are probably going for. Yoga is not only relaxing but is great for flexibility. Swimming, walking, zumba/dancing can keep work outs fun which will help you stay motivated. Also, make sure you are getting enough calories You should never go under 1200. That will put your body into starvation mode and make it harder to lose weight. Make sure you are eating lean protein with every meal to help you stay full. Water is wonderful for you so keep drinking it. Don't deprive yourself of other drinks/foods though. A treat once and a while can help you remember your goals and keep you from binging. Good Luck!  It can be mouth wash. Some mouth wash has some strong alcohol in it and cause my co worker smelled like it and it's because of the mouthwash she used. It smell fresh at first, but then it gives you that after smell like you been drinking if haven't had anything to eat or drink that morning.  For the doctor, I would see a gastroenterologist  work it off after thanksgiving  Drinking lots of water is fine but too much is bad because it exerts pressure on the kidneys and over a period of time you may suffer some type of an ailment related to your kidneys. Moreover, the sodium levels may also get very low. There may be a number of reasons that may be the reason behind the excessive thirst for water such as diabetes, kidney or liver disease, head injury, burns or infections or even psychological disorders. Please refer to an experienced doctor.  the barometric pressure affects the way people feel. Especially those with chronic illnesses  A1c levels will spike out after illness and during illness they will be low  Has his blood clot resolved? Does his doc know he drinks? Doesn't sound like he has a clotting disease. To answer your question, I've been doing it for years. I take at the very least 2 baby asprins/day and have probably 2-3 cocktails at bedtime, sometimes more. Asprin should be either chewable or enteric coated. He's probably on Coumadin or something close. As long as his doc knows (and that's probably not between you and his doc) I'd let it go.  You may want to have the doctors check you for Gastroparesis. Diabetics are more prone to get it, but I just found out I have it and had it before I became type two diabetic. It causes problems with the emptying of your stomach.  I have same problem. Nothing work for gas pain, except X Gas.  Thanks for your answer Doctor. I have stopped the fiber. It was metamucil. So it was psyillium. And now I am back to normal. I was also drinking double up on the water and my stomach doubled in size with the bloating. I may try to do just one of the wafers a day instead of the 4 I worked my way up to, but then again, since my pain stopped, and my stools resumed to normal, I do not understand the need. I also do eat fruit and vegetables already as well. I think I will listen to my body rather than the "You need to do this" type of advise we are getting over all. I can say in my case fiber is not the answer to life lol  Yes, under doctors care.  You have the same story of my mother. She also did not eat sugar,less salt, and even meat. She also experience nausea and vomiting. She was diagnosed with hypoglycemia. She thought that less sugar will help her in losing weight or even if you are low of protein in the body . Our body needs sugar also. Even diabetic people needs it. But not too much. If you really want to lose weight. Find a loss buddy and have a nutritionist . I am doing this too http://bit.ly/1ocaNoB Perhaps this will can help you.  Yes, but your skin may turn a bit orange...no joking!  aerated drinks increase the blood sugar levels. besides,most of the aerated drinks,including soda,contains sugar.these should be avoided.  i wouldn't have thought an uti could cause constipation and the more water you drink the better. try adding more fibre into your diet and i would suggest going to your doctor about the constipation as it could be caused by the antibiotics or any other medications you are taking at the moment. good luck and hope you feel better soon.  i dont think this is very healthy, i would suggest going to your doctor to see about being referred to a dietician for advice. You should have a varied diet or fresh fruit and vegetables, grains, meats and dairy. these all have essential minerals and nutrients that your body needs to function properly. even if you can start with another veg or a piece of fruit with the lettuce and build it from there you may find you have more energy and not want to sleep all day. hope you feel better soon.  Intitially i would say you are probably going through some kind of withdrawal, either from caffeine or sugar or carbs etc, however if these headaches are still ongoing for that long i would strongly advise going to the doctor to get it checked out, its probably nothing major but better to be safe. Hope you feel better soon.  You may have Hypoglycemia ( I do) Its when your blood sugar drops if you dont eat anything or well at all. My papa said to keep anything with nuts with you or peanut butter nearby.Peanut butter will help bring your sugar back up if you feel faint. I blacked out when my mom was coloring my hair I hit the floor and woke up to her shoving a spoon full of pb in my mouth I felt better after but you should eat small meals or snacks throughout the day to keep your sugar up.  Your girlfriend is either money hungry or man hungry. Either way you should have a talk with her. This is not simple flirting. If she cares at all for you then she will step back and think about your feelings. How is her self respect? Is this just about money? You need to know.  I read that any fluid can be counted toward your daily fluid intake. Except for alcohol. And limit coffee to 2 cups. So I would say yes, this counts as water.  NO TROUBLE WITH BOWEL MOVEMENT.I DON'T DRINK  find new doctor!!!  Drinking water to lose weight should be an important consideration in your weight loss program. Maximum of intake of water should be 8 cups for most of the people. There is no need to take tea as the water you are taking is enough. Water can be taken in the form of cold water and there is no problem with it and it works to reduce weight because cold water will help eliminate body fat because your body burns calories when it needs to warm the water to body temperature. Better you can follow many other exercises for weight loss that means you may "Love Your Weight Loss" if you worry about your weight again. One suggestion that "sallysymonds" the best trainee to reduce weight and no chance of get back weight again!  What is sloppy eye syndrome?  They may question why you have such clear pee. It will probably still test dirty and they will most likely ask you if you've tried to flush something out of your system. Just say NO and you won't have to worry about it. I used to have ways to beat the system too, but you always get caught sooner or later. It's not worth it unless you want to be on paper forever.  Yes , I think anytime you have a fever for a couple of days you should see a doctor. The body is fighting something when there is a fever. You need to find out what it is fighting.  Sounds like a major alchol problem. I would definetly seek counseling.  I would seek a Gastroenterologist. I think you might have an upper GI ulcer of some kind.  I would be taking him to the doctor and letting a him listen to his lungs.  I had the same problem. It turned out I was allergic to wine.  no  no  3 ounces  3 ounces  Alprazolam and Xanax are the same thing. Alprazolam is just the generic form. Benzodiazapines can make you groggy, have slower reaction time, cause slurred speech, make you tired and many other side effects. Drinking alcohol with them is not a good thing to do. It exacerbates the effects of both the alcohol and Xanax. Blacking out is fairly normal when using both.It sounds like he needs to alter his behavior but sometimes when people reach a certain age they aren't as concerned as they once were. I hope that isn't the case with your father. Also keep in mind that bipolar medications can effect a lot of things. And a lot of them can be physical ailments.  Is it actually white? Or cloudy? Cloudy urine can be caused by dehydration and diabetes, although there can be many other causes. Drinking water usually clears it up. As for foaming, that can be caused by urinating rapidly or just having a lot of protein being filtered out by the kidneys. Most people think of the kidneys as just filtering waste from the body, but they also serve as a regulator for levels in the body such as glucose, blood pressure, protein, and many other things.  I agree. The best thing you can do is relax! Don't think about getting pregnant. Just enjoy. That's when it happened for my husband and I. I was constantly thinking, when I stopped thinking and just relaxed. Boom! haha  Actually the answers given are not true I am allowed a glass of white wine or a clear alcohol beverage, it is written on the paper I received from the doctor and just to make sure it was true I did call in and yes you may have a cocktail. Do call your doctor to be sure as I did. I usually have a glass of wine with my meals but usually red, this is not allowed or anything that is purple or red in color liquids.. I was surprised by reading the paper so I called in just to make sure. This is what you need to do, I have noticed many of the answers given on here are mostly opinion without the facts. Check with your doctor as I did .  My doctor told me that red or purple color anything was not allowed. This is any fruit juices that have red or purple. As far as a glass of wine or clear cocktail my doctor told me this is permitted.  You posted you question 6 months ago - did you drink some beer? Subutex is used for drug addiction and 2mgs is a small dose of bupe. Beer is not recommended when on bupe, but I drink a little wine or beer sometimes and I take 4mgs of the stuff- for depression with no real effect. Maybe I was something you ett.  Who says you look 35- you or others? It's a matter of perspective. I am 58 and people tell me I look about 45. How would you like to look 45? I don't; rather look 35.. When you were 15 and wanted to drive your own car and drink and do other grown up things, I bet you wished you were 25. Drink lots of water- another thing, those bright vanity mirrors make-- everyone-- look older and shows every imperfection if you have one chuck it out.  When I get a bad case of heart burn, I can feel pain in my jaw. It feels like it's in my teeth as well. Or maybe it's indigestion - chest hurts stomach hurts- wonder if its a hart attack.. Ends up being one of the above.- not heart attack -:)  if the child has been given the recommended medication [pediatrician recommended] i would also include pedialyte drinks [available at most drug stores and walmart] this will give valuable electrolytes to the body which should help the child to become more energetic - also it is necessary to get the fever down to normal as quickly as possible  yes I have type 2 diabetes and it is healthy for you  While alcohol may not be advised, it should be noted that alcohol does not interfere with the prevpac antibiotic drugs. Alcohol usually inflamates or produces more acidity in the stomach. Alcohol may also cause the absorption of the antibiotics to be delayed.  i stay this way 24/7,the dr keeps saying its vertigo,but other dr's say its a spot that they found on the back of my head  Hi I would just drink water before the test.  I'm not sure if that's a good idea. My wife, who is an alcoholic, tried drinking non-alcoholic beer for awhile, but quit because it didn't give her that "buzz" that she needed. Eventually, they're going to stop drinking the "near beer", and go back to the real stuff.  any anti-biotic used long term can cause liver damage.  you should wait for 48 hours to clear your system.  dehydration may be some of the problem......  