If he starts going to dialysis daily, his mental status SHOULD return to normal within a week or two. The amount of toxins that are in his body right now cause a sort of temporary dementia. I've seen 80% of my residents bounce back to relatively normal.    Indocin is a strong anti-inflammatory usually given for Gout. Do you take any other medicine for migraines, Vicodin, Tylenol, Aspirin, Advil, Motrin, Aleve, Excedrin? All of these medications can cause elevations in liver enzyme levels if taken for long period of time. Do you drink alcohol as well? Is your pain located below your right rib cage, and do you have a yellowish tint to your eyes or skin? That can indicate liver damage. Did the Dr draw a AST & ALT LEVEL on you? I suggest if any of the above questions are yes, get redrawn blood labs & Abdominal Ultrasound to check for enlarged liver/damage.  If you need to take a medicine that can cause bone loss, talk to your healthcare provider about taking the lowest possible dose for the shortest amount of time for your condition.  Usually when they order labs with "long term drug use" as the reason, it is because you're on a medication that has possible side effects, & they're checking for those (which they should do). For example, patients on Amiodarone have their liver function checked annually. They aren't saying you're using recreational/illegal drugs.  It is impossible to know how long his medication should be lasting. Typically, Ritalin tablets last about 4 hours, Ritalin SR tablets last about 6 hours, Ritalin LA capsules last about 8 hours, Focalin XR capsules last about 10 hours, and Concerta caplets last about 12 hours. Of course, these are just averages, and there is considerable variability among children. If you think the medication has worn off, you can ask your doctor about either changing the morning medicine to something that would last longer, or you could ask about adding a short-acting pill in the afternoon on an as-needed basis. (If your child has difficulty swallowing pills, they also make a lqiuid and chewable form of short-acting Ritalin formulation called Methylin. ...  Caffeine can increase your blood pressure and heart rate a little, just as Concerta and all of the other stimulant medications can. Although there is the risk that the combination can lead to significant and undesirable increases in your BP or HR, this is not a common occurrence and I do not believe most...doctors recommend stopping consumption of all caffeinated beverages for patients on stimulants. ...  Insurance companies pay for medications when a drug has received FDA approval for treatment or there are advanced clinical trials (Phase III and above), which show that the treatment is effective. What is hard for patients and families to sometimes understand is that insurance companies only pay for proven therapies, not experimental therapies. This is especially hard when the disease is cancer. Fortunately the National Institute of Health and drug manufacturers are very involved in clinical trials for new cancer drugs or new indications for cancer drugs. Clinical trials are very important because cancer drugs are generally very toxic and expensive and we need scientific evidence to decide on the best treatment options, not anecdotal successes. Because each cancer patients situation is different, we want to make sure that a drug works for a particular patient. Not all breast cancer patients are the same. Some have limited disease, some have advanced disease, some breast cancers occur before menopause, some after, and hormonal and genetic characteristics can vary from patient to patient. Afinitor (everolimus) is FDA approved for breast cancer in combination with Aromasin (exemestane) for certain postmenopausal women. The breast cancer must be advanced, hormone-receptor positive, HER2-negative, and in patients who experienced a recurrence or progression of their cancer after treatment with hormone therapy using Femara (letrozole) or Arimidex (anastrozole). If your sister fits in this category, then her cancer doctor can write a letter to the insurance company citing her qualifications. Another important avenue to pursue for cancer patients is clinical trials. You can look up clinical trials on the web site, http://www.cancer.gov/clinicaltrials, by cancer type and features in your zip code or state. There are several ongoing breast cancer trials using everolimus (Afinitor) that may be applicable to your sister. Talk with her cancer doctor about clinical trials and assistance in working with the insurance company to get the best treatment for your sister.  I am glad you raised this question. Bupropion is the generic or chemical name of the drug and Budeprion and Wellbutrin are brand names. Drugs can have both a generic name and a brand name. The FDA released a statement that the brand named medication; Budeprion XL 300 mg is not therapeutically equivalent to the brand named medication Wellbutrin XL 300 mg. This means that these two versions of bupropion XL 300 mg do not work the same when given to patients. When a suffix or ending is attached to a drug that refers to how often it is taken. Bupropion XL (extended release) is taken once daily; bupropion SR (sustained release) and is taken twice daily; and bupropion 300 mg (immediate release) is taken 3 times daily. The FDA statement pertained only to the XL 300 mg dose. When brand named medications lose their patents, different manufacturers can make their version or the medication can be marketed under the generic name. Generic and brand named drugs should contain the exact same active drug and have the same dosage, intended use, action, side effects, risks, and safety. The difference between generics and different brands of the same drug is that they may vary in the inactive components. These inactive components include dyes and fillers. The FDA does studies to make sure that all the different brands and generic formulations are the same. The FDA did the studies on the dose of bupropion XL 150 mg and concluded that all the manufacturers were making equivalent medications. The FDA did not study the 300 mg dose but assumed the 300 mg would be just as good. Due to complaints from patients, the FDA finally studied the 300 mg dose and found that the Budeprion and the Wellbutrin version of bupropion XL 300 mg were not the same. There was a difference in the rate to which they were released into the blood stream. There are ongoing studies on the manufacturers of other versions of bupropion XL 300 mg. Some physicians feel that the differences in the inactive components of a drug do influence the availability of a drug to the target tissue (bioavailability). This difference is not usually felt to be clinically significant. Talk to your doctor about your use of bupropion to determine whether the formulation you are using is the right one for you.  Whenever you take several medications, it is important to check with your doctor and pharmacist about drug interactions. You are wise to question the combination of bupropion (Wellbutrin), escitalopram (Lexapro), and fluconazole (Diflucan). Bupropion increases your risk of seizures and the addition of escitalopram (Lexapro) raises that risk further. This is especially worrisome for the elderly and for those who are at risk for seizures, for example from a head injury. Presumably, the doctor who prescribed both of these medications felt that the benefit of this combination outweighed the risk. Sometimes your doctor will need to check your blood levels of escitalopram when bupropion and escitalopram are used together. Adding a single dose of fluconazole, a fungal medication taken by mouth, probably wont have a significant effect on how you feel. However, when fluconazole is used for several days it can raise the blood levels of escitalopram increasing your risk of complications. There are several web sites that allow you to check drug interactions online, but the safest path is to check with your doctor. When you are seeing several doctors who are prescribing medications, there is a risk that drug interactions between medications will be overlooked. To safeguard against this happening, it is always best to have one doctor, a family practitioner or internist, overseeing all your care. Checking with your pharmacist before filling medications is also important.  I wish that I had better news for you. It is a certainty that you did everything you could to help your son before he passed away. And now you are facing the same scary situation again. Unfortunately, sometimes despite our most valiant efforts to help a sick family member, they seem to be on a self-destruct mission and will implode. At 21 years old, your grandson is all grown-up and considered a man. You cannot force him to change his reckless lifestyle or to seek professional help. To be honest, he seems to heading for either death or prison. Here are my recommendations to help with the challenges that he presents to you: Do not enable his behavior by giving him money or by helping him to circumvent his personal responsibilities, Keep yourself physically and emotionally safe. If you feel that danger is in the air by way of your grandson, then detach yourself from his life. That may mean having him legally removed from your home, having locks changed on your residence, calling the police for help, or by obtaining a restraining order. Sometimes mentally sick individuals (along with their friends) are capable of causing their well meaning family members physical, emotional, and legal harm. Do not blame yourself for his negative life-style. It is not your fault. Your grandson will exploit any guilt that you may display. He is most likely morally bankrupt and will rob you of your physical property and health as well as your love for him. I wish you well during this time of uncertainty.   You are correct in suspecting that the Paxil is no longer working at controlling your conditions. Many of the SSRI's, including Zoloft and Prozac, have the same quality of no longer working after a period of therapeutic symptom improvement. After several years of reliable benefit, these SSRI's may even begin to heighten the anxiety symptoms. I would not recommend taking Abilify. It has been shown to have many serious side-effects including affecting blood sugar results. While I understand that you do not want to give-up on a drug that once was effective, it is probably best to try another medicine.  Liver disease requires extra vigilance in determining the foods and beverages that should be consumed. At first blush, the somewhat restrictive appearing diet may seem to be an unreasonable challenge to follow. In reality, the dietary considerations are based on treating the liver well and may be applied to even healthy individuals. Some foods and beverages to avoid include the following: Caffeinated products, products containing artificial chemicals and dyes, dairy products, animal products ( especially meats), fruit juices, white flour, rich desserts, alcohol, municipally treated tap water, oils that are refined, and processed foods. Some foods and beverages that are acceptable include the following: Beans, sulfur containing products like eggs, vegetables of most types (potatoes in small portions) and especially broccoli and spinach, soy products, whole wheat grains, flaxseed oils, most spices, and many other liver healthy choices. Undertaking major changes in your diet may need to be taken in incremental steps. Additionally, your diet should be approved by your hepatic specialist and nutritional counselor. I recommend that you join a support group to obtain other dietary suggestions. Try not to eat alone, but instead, share your newly acquired good eating practices with friends and family.  Please allow me to restructure your questions into my own words. Your questions were: 1.What do you recommend? 2.Is it safe for me to be treated with both Ecotrin (over the counter coated aspirin product) and Fluoxetine ( Prozac )? You also made the following statement.. - I took the Fluoxetine yesterday and was really feeling bad, had a headache, and felt kind of funny. My Answer : No, it is not safe. Based upon your symptoms of experiencing a possible negative drug interaction, you should immediately stop taking these medications and notify the prescribing physician. Temporarily stopping these medications until receiving clear instructions from the doctor should not adversely affect your health. Comment: It is prudent judgment to listen for, and respond quickly to, your body's messages. It is also very important to report all prescribed medications being taken along with all over the counter medications, herbs, and supplements to your doctor and pharmacist.   The chances are heavily in favor that your tramadol pills (labeled with a 12/21/10 discard date) are still effective. Here is why I make that statement: Back in the 1980s the US Pentagon had millions of dollars of stock-piled emergency expired medications that were required to be disposed. Because the military budget was becoming lean, approval was given to test the out of compliance dated meds. The study revealed that more than 90% of the studied medications remained fully potent even after multiple decades ( some for 20 or more years ) had passed beyond the expiration date. The FDA regulates prescription discard dates and requires shelf life testing on medications approved for consumer use. Here is how the system works, in part, in determining the expiration date shown on medication bottles... During shelf-life testing, pharmaceutical companies usually warehouse 3 lots of the medications under the following environmental conditions: 77 degrees F & 60 % relative humidity. They will also stockpile 3 other lots under conditions that simulate shipping conditions as follows: 104 degrees F and 75% relative humidity. As a general rule, drugs that remain potent after the testing procedure, are assigned shelf life expiration dates ranging from twelve (12) to twenty-four (24 months) from the date of manufacture. Drug companies may do more extensive testing to support even longer shelf life dates than 1 or 2 years after the manufacturing run date. I suspect that your tramadol HCL with a discard date of 12/21/2010 was manufactured between 12/21/2008 to 12/21/2009. The 12/10/2010 discard date in your example gives assurance of the medications potency of its active ingredients through that date. It does not mean that that the medication may not be potent for many months, years, or even decades after the 12/21/2010 date. In summary: To be safe, obtain a new prescription for the tramadol. While no guarantee of effectiveness beyond the discard date can be may be assumed, to me, a > than 90% chance of the active ingredients maintaining their full potency represents pretty good odds. Of course, the environmental conditions such as light (maintaining the meds in a tightly sealed dark bottle), heat, and relative humidity under which your tramadol HCL was stored may impact the overall integrity of the medication.  Let's look at the first part of your question. Yes, medications can remain in the system for hours and days after taking your final dose. As a matter of fact, I am still experiencing some residual allergic reactions from the medication, Bactrim, 3 days after taking the final dose. The 2nd part of your posting questions whether Keflex caused allergy symptoms 5 days after you took the final dose. The answer is most likely, no, and here's why: Keflex, an antibiotic, is excreted by the kidneys and has a relatively short half life of less than an hour (0.9 hours). The half life represents the time necessary for half of the drug to leave your system (some people may experience a more delayed drug half life if they took Keflex with milk or have kidney disturbances). After 1 or 2 days of having taken the last dose, all of the Keflex should have left your system.  Many physical and emotional disturbances can cause hallucinations. According to Health-Care, the following are some of reasons that hallucinations may occur:   Amiodarone is an antiarrhythmic medication prescribed to restore proper heart rhythm. When the heart is beating out of rhythm blood clots may form resulting in a stroke. Therefore, it is appropriate for patients taking amiodarone to also to be prescribed warfarin jointly in order to thwart clots and strokes.   An enlarged liver is a symptom and not a disease. Treatment is directed at the disease causing the symptom. Causes for an enlarged liver may include diseases of the liver, heart disease, cancer, and other reasons. I suggest that you follow-up with the doctor that ordered the ultra sound. In order to have a conclusive diagnosis and receive expedient treatment, the following recommendations are submitted for your consideration: Provide a list of all prescription and over the counter medications being taken, follow a healthy diet, avoid alcohol, and prepare a list of all medical symptoms that you may be experiencing.   I've had hypothyroidism for decades. Years ago, I remember going to a hospital where they destroyed my thyroid gland through radioactive iodine therapy, which was often used to treat hyperthyroidism. Radioactive iodine therapy can destroy the thyroid gland, leading to hypothyroidism. In present day times within the United States, most cases of hypothyroidism are caused by the immune system producing defense antibodies and destroying thyroid tissue. Symptoms of hypothyroidism may include an enlarged thyroid gland, a goiter, slow body movements, brittle nails, coarse and thinning hair, inability to tolerate cold, cold skin, feeling tired, sluggish, or weak, constipation, memory problems, depression, difficulty concentrating, dry skin, and yellow tinted skin. It is a disease that is manageable with conscientious taking of replacement medication. In many cases the medication of choice is called Levothyroxine . It has been around for almost forever. A popular brand of levothyroxine is called Synthroid. In the last 30 years I have probably had 6 different doctors who all prescribed Synthroid. It is relatively inexpensive and can probably be secured in various pharmacies for as little as $4.00 for a 30 day supply. Try Wal-Mart. You may also look-up Synthroid on the internet, determine the manufacture, and contact them to see if they offer free medications to needy folks. In some larger cities, free city health clinics are still providing medication to their patients. Your doctor may be able to provide you with some free samples or know how you can secure Synthroid for free. Youre probably not going to find anything else that is more effective and whose cost is as reasonable as Synthroid. At any rate, if your partner has hypothyroidism, medication and medical supervision is needed and must be your number one priority. I know that times are tough, but $4.00 for a 30 day supply seems like something that you can come-up with each month with some creative thinking. I hope that my answer has been helpful. Best wishes for your success.   Ibuprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for temporary pain relief, fever reduction, and protection against swelling. In general, ibuprofen also acts as a vasoconstrictor. Ibuprofen is rapidly absorbed following administration and is rapidly distributed throughout the whole body. The excretion is rapid and complete via the kidneys. After complete excretion of Ibuprofen, It will no longer reduce pain, fever, or protect against affected area swelling. Ibuprofen will not cure back problems. Maximum plasma concentrations are reached 45 minutes after ingestion if taken on an empty stomach. When taken with food, peak levels are observed after 1 to 2 hours. These times may vary with different dosage forms. The half-life of ibuprofen is about 2 hours.   I do not believe that you have a mental condition. THC, the active ingredient of marijuana has a metabolic 1/2 life of approximately 20 hours. Some of the THC is stored in fat tissue and eventually released into the blood stream with elimination through the kidneys and processed as urine. It can take the average person 20-30 days, or even longer, to metabolize all of the THC. The psychological and physiological effects of one marijuana joint may last 8 hours or longer. Reflexes may remain impaired for 5 hours or longer even when the THC concentration is lowered. Having flashback symptoms as you describe lasting 40 minutes may be unusual for you, but may be typical for other people. Much of stoned flashback episodes are individualized according to the person, THC concentration exposure, the frequency of usage, body type, whether you regularly or only infrequently smoke marijuana (tolerance builds up to regular THC exposure), and the overall health condition of the person. Some individuals never experience flashbacks. You may be experiencing the lingering effects of THC and are not mentally ill. As you know, your mind and body are in a state of arousal while under the influence of THC causing motor, coordination, emotional and behavioral changes. Please be careful and do not over use this drug  No, gabapentin does not contain anti-depression properties. But it's an interesting thought and here's what makes it so fascinating. Gabapentin was approved by the FDA as a treatment for convulsive seizures. It is now prescribed as one of the 1st line defenses in treating neuropathic pain. Many physicians also prescribe it to their patients in a practice called, " Off-label". Physicians may exercise their good judgment and pharmacologic training in issuing usages for gabapentin (and other medications) other than the reasons approved for by the FDA. Some other usages of gabapentin may include anxiety relief, depression relief, and as a sleep assist. Gabapentin really is a medication that helps many patients to overcome many different conditions. Since gabapentin is now approved to treat neuropathic pain, it just makes sense that along with the improvement in pain, comes a feeling of improved mental disposition. Gabapentin may be effective in treating pain and depression through its control of calcium channel builders as part of the central nervous system.  A better job should have been done in explaining the 2 discharge prescriptions. Norco (Generic) and Vicodin (Brand) are medication names. Hydrocodone and acetaminophen are the active ingredients contained in both of these medications. Norco is the generic form of Vicodin. Both of these drugs contain hydrocodone and acetaminophen as their ingredients. In your prescriptions the ingredients are: - # 1- (Vicodin) Hydrocodone 5 and Acetaminophen 500 mg.; - # 2- ( Norco) Hydrocodone 5 and Acetaminophen 325 mg.; As you can see, both prescriptions are the same except that # 2 contains less acetaminophen and is the generic version. My instincts tell me that you should only be taking one of the noted prescriptions. The pharmacist may be able to contact the prescriber and clarify their intention. I would not recommend taking both of these prescriptions together.  I hate to say it, if that the only way to get a period, take the period. Unless Mother Nature come by.  There is no problem taking Claritin-D with Tylenol or Claritin-D with Advil. In fact, combination products (i.e. Advil Allergy Sinus) exist with the same ingredient or same class of ingredients as the ingredients within these individual products. As with any over-the-counter (OTC) products, read and follow dosage directions. Also, pay particular attention when taking other OTC products containing Tylenol (acetaminophen) or Advil (ibuprofen) because taking more than the recommended dose or other products containing the same ingredients can cause toxicity and overdose and lead to liver damage. If you ever have questions about over-the-counter medications, be sure to ask your pharmacist.  It depends on which products you are using. Over-the-counter (OTC) products have directions on the label with age-specific dosage instructions as well as uses, warnings, and possible side effects and storage information. Decongestant ointments and sprays can cause rebound nasal congestion if used for an extended period of time. If you ever have questions about over-the-counter medications, be sure to ask your pharmacist.  Sudafed is an over-the-counter (OTC) nasal and sinus decongestant that contains the active ingredient pseudoephedrine. Although safe and effective if used as directed, it has been placed behind the counter because of its potential for misuse and abuse. Federal regulations require states track products containing pseudoephedrine as a means to curb improper use.  According to the CDC, 82% of Americans take at least one medication & 29% of us take five or more. Each year seven hundred thousand ER visits are due to adverse effects from medications. Medications have the potential to cause harm if steps are not taken to ensure their proper use. <?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p> Talk with your local pharmacist, they are an incredible & under-utilized resource for consumers. Programs exist that contain comprehensive information on drug-to-drug interaction. Ask them about the medications, supplements or herbs you take. They can review these with you and help prevent or reduce the risk of an adverse reaction or medical error. <o:p></o:p>  I think it may be yeast fungus. A yeast shampoo from your doc may help. Take charge now. Your hair can fall out.  It can be treat with HT (Hormone Therapy) in which women need to opt for Birth control or oral contraception pills. It is prescribed because they contain hormones estrogen and progesterone and helpful to control irregular periods. So, you can opt for Depo Provera, Nexplanon and Ovral G etc. And to get them at your doorstep you may go for online pharmacy Meds247online.  Go for a complete check up is she really infertile or not? If she is unable to conceive then she need to adapt Clomild or Clomiphene as it will stimulate your hormones which will help in ovulation. Clomid is usually used to treat infertility in women. It will help you to regulate your ovulation and stimulate the development of multiple eggs for use with assisted reproduction technology like IVF. It elevates a woman's FSH level to the normal. And after such things it make a woman fertile or able to give birth to a healthy child. So, you can really opt for Clomid and if you want to start it early, you may order it from online pharmacies like Meds247online to get at your doorstep.  ... There are breastmilk banks across the country if you are interested in obtaining breastmilk for your baby. Breastmilk is a bodily fluid and can contain harmful viruses such as hepatitis B/C, HIV, etc. I would not recommend using frozen milk that someone offers you. At least the milk from the milk bank has been screened. Your baby will grow and develop normally whether you use donated milk from the milk bank or formula. The most important thing is for you to follow your doctors' advice and get back on the medications that are so important to your health. Ultimately, taking care of your needs is more important than offering breastmilk to your infant. ...  A variety of drugs are available to treat arrhythmias. These include: Antiarrhythmic drugs. These drugs control heart rate and include beta-blockers. Anticoagulant or antiplatelet therapy. These drugs reduce the risk of blood clots and stroke. These include warfarin (a "blood thinner") or aspirin. Because everyone is different, it may take trials of several medications and doses to find the one that works best for you.   If you take a calcium supplement, read the package label carefully. It will tell you the amount of elemental calcium or how much calcium the supplement provides. It will also tell you how many doses or pills you must take to get that amount. In some cases you need to take multiple pills to get the amount of calcium listed on the front of the bottle.  To Carolonthebay: You said you had slurred speech and droopy eyelids before being diagnosed with meningioma. Were these symptoms all the time, or just at certain times of the day? My husband has these symptoms on occasion, often near the end of the day. It's causing a lot of friction in our marriage because to me, he seems drunk. When I ask him if he has been drinking, he swears that he hasn't. But it sure seems that way to me: slurred speech, slightly unsteady, droopy eyelids, and probably also fatigue. But it's not totally like when he drinks either, because he's not as gregarious as when he drinks. I am really concerned and don't know if my husband of 23 years is a closet alcoholic, or if there is something more serious going on. He isn't in great shape and doesn't get enough sleep, so exhaustion may play a role too. But I can't help but feel in my gut that he has been drinking and lying to me about it. Either I'm being a fool or a really horrible wife, and either way it's not a good situation. So that's why I've been searching online to see if there are any other medical conditions that could cause these symptoms. Any additional details about your situation that might be helpful, would be greatly appreciated. Thanks.  Hi,  It may take up to 4 weeks to see the effectiveness of OAB medications. They do have side effects, but...the topical or skin gel OAB medication (Gelnique), may be better as it has fewer side effects. You need to drink so as to maintain your hydration.... OAB [overactive bladder) does not usually cause discomfort or pain in your pelvic area. IC [interstitial cystitis] does cause pain which is relieved (goes away or lessens) after voiding. I suggest you try behavioral interventions such as diet modification , bladder retraining and pelvic floor muscle training. ...  Typically, when you are taking a medication that makes you more sensitive to sun, sunscreen alone is not going to be enough. You really have to have sun smart behavior. What this means is trying to stay in the shade as much as possible, and you can follow the shadow rule. The shorter your shadow, the more dangerous the rays of the sun. So when you look down and there is no shadow; typically that's around noon, you look up, chances are the sun is right above you, and that's when those UVB rays are very harmful. Most medications that make you sensitive to the sun are really making you sensitive to the UVA rays, so it doesn't always have to be a sunny day in order for you to have increased risk for burning. So don't be fooled by whether or not it's sunny or cloudy. One is, you can follow the shadow rule, but two is, you really have to be sun smart. Wear a hat when you can, wear sun protective clothing, if possible. Apply a sunscreen of an SPF 30 or higher, up to an SPF 50, after that it doesn't make much difference, and reapply that sunscreen regularly, and then avoid being in the sun as much as possible.  Psoriasis is an autoimmune condition, and over the past 10-15 years. We have discovered the exact pathway that's gone awry, and so there are new treatments that we have for it that can target various points along that pathway, and these are called biologics, and they are prescription based medicines. In psoriasis, there is no diet or supplement that has been shown consistently to help treat the psoriasis. So there is nothing out there that you can really do. But psoriasis being an autoimmune condition tends to also be made worse by stress. So managing your stress can help. It won't cure the psoriasis, but it can help you have better control over it. Other products we use are just moisturizers and even just occlusion. So just having something cover the area and add water in, and maybe even a little bit of sunlight along with that, can help suppress the psoriasis in that area, but it isn't a cure. So what the sunlight does that helps the psoriasis is that it suppresses the immune system in the skin, and that's what turns it off. But in the winter it tends to come back, and of course you have to be careful not to get too much sun and a sunburn, because then you end up with other problems that can be much worse.  The underlying cause of acne is unclear. Some are more prone to it than others. It is best treated with prescription-strength antibiotics and topical retinoids and benzoyl peroxide. If the lesions leave scars, I would recommend evaluation and treatment by your dermatologist sooner rather than later, in order to minimize/prevent scarring.  I wish I could explain this, but it's impossible to know what happened without knowing the specifics involved. Percocet (generic name: oxycodone-APAP) is an oral tablet taken by swallowing. Usually, post-surgical pain is treated with intravenous (IV) medication, not pills. It's possible your post-surgical blood pressure issues had nothing to do with the percocet. Normally, low blood pressure in the recovery room is treated with IV fluids. I don't know what "reversal drug" you were given for the percocet. I'm going to assume you received naloxone (brand name: Narcan). I don't know why this would cause you to feel as if you were having a heart attack. I could speculate, but that would be of no use. If you are truly concerned about this, I advise taking it up with the surgeon who performed your knee replacement surgery. He should have access to the anesthesia and nursing records that show exactly what medications you were given, the times they were given, and the dosages you received. Perhaps your surgeon could shed some light on what happened. Wishing you well!  The short answer is this: Your father should continue taking all these medications until a doctor tells him he can stop. Perhaps it would help to explain what some of the medications are for. As you indicated, the metformin is for blood sugar issues. Part of the reason your dad's blood sugar is controlled is because he is using this pill. He should follow up regularly with a doctor regarding his diabetes and should get a hemoglobin A1C blood test every 3 months at the lab. The is, indeed, a blood pressure pill. Again, the reason your dad's blood pressure is controlled is at least partly due to taking this pill. It's very important he not stop or decrease his blood pressure medication after having an angioplasty. is a blood thinning medication. If your dad had stents placed in the arteries of his heart during the angioplasty, the doctor may want to keep him on clopidogrel for a year or longer. This medication helps prevent the blood's platelet cells from sticking to the stents and causing a blood clot. is a medication to help keep your dad's cholesterol within normal limits. Excessive cholesterol in the blood can cause clogged arteries and heart problems. Sorbitrate treats a couple of different heart conditions, including angina (chest pain). So, as you can see, your dad needs all of these medications to help manage his diabetes, blood pressure, and heart problems. He should not stop or reduce his use of these medications. If you have any questions about this, please follow up with his doctor. Best to you both!  It's impossible to answer your question because the answer is different for every single substance. What you're really asking is "how long does it take the body to metabolize (break down and eliminate) various legal and illegal drugs"? The prescribing information for legal medications includes the drug's "half-life." The half-life is the length of time it takes the body to metabolize half the active ingredient. Thus, if the half-life of a drug is 12 hours, it means half of the active ingredient will still be circulating in your blood 12 hours after you take the medication. That gives you some idea of how long it takes the body to metabolize that particular drug. However, we're not talking about a perfectly curved graph when it comes to drug metabolism. You should not assume if a drug has a 12-hour half life that all of it will be eliminated from your system in 24 hours. It might be. Or maybe it will all be eliminated at the 18 hour mark. Pharmacokinetics is a precise science. In terms of illegal drugs, think of it this way: If you take NO illegal drugs, they will stay in your system for exactly ZERO hours for drug testing purposes. In other words, if you avoid taking illegal drugs, you need not worry about drug testing. Anyway, you shouldn't be taking illegal drugs. (I'm excluding marijuana from this category simply because some states have now legalized it. My exclusion of marijuana does not imply I endorse or approve of using it.) There are a whole host of problems that go along with taking illegal drugs -- one of which is you don't really know what you're taking. There's no safe "dosing" level. They interact very badly with prescription medications. The list goes on. Best bet: If you know you're going to be subjected to random or routine drug tests, make sure you have a valid prescription for any medication that might turn up positive, and avoid taking illegal drugs. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you and your mother are going through this. It's very difficult to watch a loved one deteriorate. Although your mother doesn't trust doctors, I think you should consider taking her to a good primary care provider for a complete assessment of her health and all her medications. If your mom doesn't trust "doctors," maybe try to find a nurse practitioner. This alone may set your mother's mind at ease. Your mother certainly deserves to have her pain controlled to the extent possible and to have her other symptoms addressed. I can think of a number of conditions (none of them related to pain pill use) that could cause the symptoms of falling and disorientation, including a urinary tract infection. That's why I think you should consider getting your mom to a medical professional. Please don't give up just because you've made the rounds of health care providers for years. It can take a long time to find a provider who's a "good fit" and takes a true interest in the patient's health and well-being. Also, I'd suggest you make sure to take care of yourself. This sounds like a stressful situation, and you don't want your own health to suffer. Wishing you and your mom all the best!  Oxycodone is a narcotic pain reliever. OxyContin is the brand name of a time-release version of oxycodone. So, you're correct in that the active ingredient of both products are the same. However, plain oxycodone is not a time-release product. The purpose of prescribing the time-release version of a narcotic pain reliever is to allow for longer-lasting pain relief. OxyContin (for which there currently is no generic equivalent in the U.S.) delivers oxycodone slowly over a period of time. This is why the dosing instructions are very different between OxyContin and regular oxycodone. If you've been prescribed OxyContin, you should follow the instructions on the label very carefully. OxyContin is not taken as frequently as plain oxycodone. And, obviously, do not take both regular oxycodone AND OxyContin at the same time, as this could lead to an overdose. If you have any questions about any of your prescription medications, you can always call your pharmacist. He or she can clarify what a medication is for and how to take it. Best to you!  I'm sorry you're dealing with this. The issue of (methicillin-resistant Streptococcus aureaus) infection continues to grow as a public health concern. As you've learned, it can take multiple rounds of antibiotics to treat MRSA. Because only the infected spot on your nose is itching, I doubt what you're experiencing is a side effect of medication. I guess my point is it's impossible to say what's causing the itching and tingling without a physical examination. If you're scheduled for follow-up with your health care provider, you are probably safe to take a wait-and-see approach with this, as long as you don't develop a fever or additional symptoms (increased redness/swelling/heat at the infection site, feeling like you're coming down with the flu -- that sort of thing). If you don't already have a follow-up appointment scheduled, I'd suggest making one. You and your doctor want to be sure that infection is well and truly gone. In the meantime, be sure against spreading any possible remaining infection by washing your hands often and thoroughly; not sharing towels or clothing that may have touched the infected spot; and routinely disinfecting routinely touched surfaces by using antimicrobial wipes or something similar. I hope this helps!  First, I just want to clarify that none of the medications you mentioned are used to prevent bone cancer. They are used to prevent or reverse osteoporosis, which is "thinning of the bones." There's no way to tell you which medication is "safest." Every medication has risks. That's why your doctor gave you brochures to look over. You can compare the risks of each medication, weigh them, and then make your decision. Your health care provider already has narrowed the field for you by giving you three options (as opposed to the many others available). That must indicate he or she feels any of those three medications would be safe for you to take. Beyond the manufacturer brochures, you might consider seeking out information on these drugs from the Food and Drug Administration website or the National Institutes of Health website. Both of these agencies have a lot of good information regarding current research and safety statistics for medications and medical procedures. I wish you all the best!  Unfortunately, it's impossible to answer your question here because there are several drug combinations given for sedation during a heart catheterization. The good news is that this information should be contained in your husband's medical record. If you contact the facility where your husband had his heart cath done and ask for medical records, they will have some sort of procedure for you to obtain them. The anesthesia record should be included. If you can't read the handwriting (which I can tell you, as an OR nurse is common!), you can take a copy with you to your next doctor appointment for an explanation. You also could try contacting the anesthesia provider's office directly. Often, the anesthesia provider works for an anesthesia group, not for the medical facility. The provider probably would have a copy of your husband's anesthesia record and could interpret it for you. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. I can't offer personal experience, but I have a few thoughts for you. All patients who undergo require physical therapy afterwards to rehabilitate the joint. If you have a prosthesis for your right leg, this rehabilitation will be easier. If you don't have a prosthesis, this might be a good time to consider one. But even if you have no prosthesis, your physical therapy team should be able to design a program that meets your needs. Having an amputated leg shouldn't complicate your recovery too much. Hip replacement surgery today isn't as grueling as it was 20 years ago. Techniques have improved, and the surgery today has a much shorter recovery period. I'd suggest you have a good talk with your surgeon about the potential pitfalls of recovery from total hip replacement after amputation of the opposite leg. If your surgeon doesn't have experience with this situation, I'd suggest you find one who does. Good luck to you!  No, there isn't. is a prescription medication that reduces the production of glucose (sugar) by the liver. There is no over-the-counter equivalent to this drug. Metformin is prescribed mainly to people with to help control their blood sugar levels. If you have been diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes, and your healthcare provider has prescribed metformin for you, it's very important you take it as prescribed. If cost is a problem for you, talk to your healthcare provider about this issue. Your provider or diabetes educator may be able to work with you on other ways to help control your blood sugar, such as through exercise and diet. Usually, metformin is used in combination with lifestyle changes, so if you're not already exercising and following a diabetes diet, you can possibly reduce your need for medications like metformin by working harder on these lifestyle changes. WebMD offers a very active and supportive to help you get your diabetes under control. I encourage you to check it out! I wish you all the best!  Yes, I am also on Topamax as a prevention med for complex migraine, In the begining there was weight loss, I was also exercising as well which made it faster, cuz I wasn't having such terrible headache. I have been on it for about 13 years, do some research, and if you are not already Vitamin D difficent make sure that is checked regular. I am not a DOCTOR. Topamax is good the side affects do subside. I am still on it but struggling.   Your healthcare professionals (e.g., doctor or pharmacist) may already be aware of any possible drug interactions and may be monitoring you for it. Do not start, stop or change the dosage of any medicine before checking with them first. This drug should not be used with the following medications because very serious interactions may occur: MAO inhibitors (isocarboxazid, linezolid, methylene blue, moclobemide, phenelzine, procarbazine, rasagiline, selegiline, tranylcypromine). If you are currently using any of these medications listed above, tell your doctor or pharmacist before starting this medication. Before using this medication, tell your doctor or pharmacist of all prescription and nonprescription/herbal products you may use, especially of: beta-blockers (e.g., atenolol, metoprolol, timolol eye drops), digoxin, high blood pressure medications (e.g., clonidine, terazosin), tricyclic antidepressants (e.g., amitriptyline). Tell your doctor or pharmacist if you also take drugs that cause drowsiness such as: antihistamines that cause drowsiness (e.g., diphenhydramine), anti-anxiety drugs (e.g., diazepam), anti-seizure drugs (e.g., carbamazepine), barbiturates (e.g., phenobarbital), medicine for sleep (e.g., zolpidem), muscle relaxants (e.g., cyclobenzaprine), narcotic pain relievers (e.g., codeine), psychiatric medicines (e.g., phenothiazines such as chlorpromazine), tranquilizers. Check the labels on all your medicines (e.g., cough-and-cold products) because they may contain drowsiness-causing ingredients. Ask your pharmacist about the safe use of those products. This document does not contain all possible interactions. Therefore, before using this product, tell your doctor or pharmacist of all the products you use. Keep a list of all your medications with you, and share the list with your doctor and pharmacist.  Drug interactions may change how your medications work or increase your risk for serious side effects. This document does not contain all possible drug interactions. Keep a list of all the products you use (including prescription/nonprescription drugs and herbal products) and share it with your doctor and pharmacist. Do not start, stop, or change the dosage of any medicines without your doctor's approval. Some products that may interact with this drug include: other drugs that can cause bleeding/bruising (including antiplatelet drugs such as clopidogrel, NSAIDs such as ibuprofen, "blood thinners" such as warfarin). Aspirin can increase the risk of bleeding when used with this medication. However, if your doctor has directed you to take low-dose aspirin for heart attack or stroke prevention (usually at dosages of 81-325 milligrams a day), you should continue taking it unless your doctor instructs you otherwise. Ask your doctor or pharmacist for more details. Avoid taking MAO inhibitors (isocarboxazid, linezolid, methylene blue, moclobemide, phenelzine, procarbazine, rasagiline, selegiline, tranylcypromine) during treatment with this medication and for two weeks before and after treatment. In some cases a serious (possibly fatal) drug interaction may occur. Before using citalopram, report the use of other drugs that increase serotonin, such as dextromethorphan, lithium, St. John's wort, sibutramine, street drugs such as MDMA/"ecstasy," tramadol, tryptophan, certain antidepressants including SSRIs (such as fluoxetine, paroxetine) and SNRIs (such as duloxetine, venlafaxine), "triptans" used to treat migraine headaches (such as eletriptan, sumatriptan), among others. The risk of serotonin syndrome may be more likely when you start or increase the dose of these medications. Tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking other products that cause drowsiness including alcohol, antihistamines (such as cetirizine, diphenhydramine), drugs for sleep or anxiety (such as alprazolam, diazepam, zolpidem), muscle relaxants, and narcotic pain relievers (such as codeine). Check the labels on all your medicines (such as allergy or cough-and-cold products) because they may contain ingredients that cause drowsiness. Ask your pharmacist about using those products safely. Many drugs besides citalopram may affect the heart rhythm (QT prolongation), including amiodarone, pimozide, procainamide, quinidine, sotalol, among others. Citalopram is very similar to escitalopram. Do not use medications containing escitalopram while using citalopram. This medication may interfere with certain laboratory tests, possibly causing false test results. Make sure laboratory personnel and all your doctors know you use this drug.   Misuse or abuse of amphetamines may result in serious (possibly fatal) heart and blood pressure problems. Amphetamine-type medications can be habit-forming. Use only as directed. With long-term use, drug dependence may occur, which may cause withdrawal symptoms after stopping the drug. For weight loss, this medication should not be used long-term (more than a few weeks) and should only be used when other treatments have failed. Consult your doctor or pharmacist for more details.  Valium  Taxotere  Methadone has a high risk for abuse. It can also cause severe, possibly fatal, breathing problems and heartbeat problems. These problems are more likely to happen when this medication is first started, or when you are switching from another narcotic drug to methadone, or when the dose is increased. Breathing problems from methadone may not happen right away after taking a dose. Most heartbeat problems have happened in people using large doses of methadone for pain relief, but this problem can also occur in people taking smaller doses to treat narcotic drug addiction. Do not increase your dose or take this medication more often than directed. Get medical help right away if you notice unusual slow/shallow breathing, fast/irregular heartbeat, severe dizziness, or fainting. Keep this medicine in a safe place to prevent theft, misuse, or abuse. If a child accidentally swallows this drug, get medical help right away.  Methadone has a high risk for abuse. It can also cause severe, possibly fatal, breathing problems and heartbeat problems. These problems are more likely to happen when this medication is first started, or when you are switching from another narcotic drug to methadone, or when the dose is increased. Breathing problems from methadone may not happen right away after taking a dose. Most heartbeat problems have happened in people using large doses of methadone for pain relief, but this problem can also occur in people taking smaller doses to treat narcotic drug addiction. Do not increase your dose or take this medication more often than directed. Get medical help right away if you notice unusual slow/shallow breathing, fast/irregular heartbeat, severe dizziness, or fainting. Keep this medicine in a safe place to prevent theft, misuse, or abuse. If a child accidentally swallows this drug, get medical help right away.   Misuse or abuse of amphetamines may result in serious (possibly fatal) heart and blood pressure problems. Amphetamine-type medications can be habit-forming. Use only as directed. With long-term use, drug dependence may occur, which may cause withdrawal symptoms after stopping the drug. For weight loss, this medication should not be used long-term (more than a few weeks) and should only be used when other treatments have failed. Consult your doctor or pharmacist for more details.   Drug interactions may change how your medications work or increase your risk for serious side effects. This document does not contain all possible drug interactions. Keep a list of all the products you use (including prescription/nonprescription drugs and herbal products) and share it with your doctor and pharmacist. Do not start, stop, or change the dosage of any medicines without your doctor's approval. Some products that may interact with this drug include: aldesleukin, mifepristone, quinolone antibiotics (such as ciprofloxacin, levofloxacin), drugs that can cause bleeding/bruising (including antiplatelet drugs such as clopidogrel, "blood thinners" such as dabigatran/warfarin, NSAIDs such as aspirin/celecoxib/ibuprofen). If your doctor has directed you to take low-dose aspirin for heart attack or stroke prevention (usually at dosages of 81-325 milligrams a day), you should continue taking it unless your doctor instructs you otherwise. Ask your doctor or pharmacist for more details. This medication may interfere with certain laboratory tests (including skin tests), possibly causing false test results. Make sure laboratory personnel and all your doctors know you use this drug.  Naltrexone can cause liver problems when given in large doses. Stop using this medication and tell your doctor immediately if symptoms of liver problems develop (e.g., persistent nausea, abdominal/stomach pain, yellowing eyes/skin, pale stools, dark urine). This medication should not be used in patients who already have liver problems (e.g., active hepatitis, liver failure). ()  Percocet, Tylox  In this situation, the parent should consult with a health care provider before getting that vaccination. But in general the commonly used medications, including those for ADHD, are not known to have powerful interactions with vaccinations. Short-term, low dose steroid therapy is usually not a contraindication to administer live virus vaccines. There's no evidence of increased severity of reactions to live attenuated vaccine that's been reported among people receiving corticosteroid therapy by aerosol ... so that sort of therapy is not a reason to delay. Higher doses or longer-term treatment, someone probably being treated for a fairly chronic or severe medical condition, should consult with their health care provider before being vaccinated.  Methamphetamine (not to be confused with Amphetamine) is the name for the man-made drug from the chemicals n-methyl-1-phenyl-propan-2-amine. Methamphetamine is highly addictive stimulant (similar to amphetamine) that affects the central nervous system. Methamphetamine is cooked in clandestine labs often referred to as Meth houses and the main ingredients of the drug are ammonia, methanol, ether, other chemicals and reactive metals. The combination is toxic and the fumes can kill you. Long-term Meth use will lead to the development of a tolerance in which it will take more of the drug to achieve the same effects. Increasing the amount of the drug used will increase the risk for overdose. Individuals who use Methamphetamine (such as Crystal Meth) experience physical and psychological side effects including: skin crawling; "Meth Mouth" which is deteriorating teeth and gums/ paranoia; violent mood swings; aggression; anxiety; insomnia; hallucination/delusions. The best way to overcome Methamphetamine abuse or addiction is with the help of a professional medical detox. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Heroin is an opiate and is derived from opium. Heroin can be snorted, sniffed or injected. One of the factors that make the drug so dangerous is that it is often mixed with some pretty toxic chemicals such as rat poison, household cleaners including drain cleaner, as well as over-the-counter antihistamines and prescription painkillers including Fentanyl. Heroin abuse can result in chronic and severe health issues including kidney, liver, heart and brain damage, as well as pulmonary and respiratory issues. Heroin users are also at risk for developing Hepatitis, HIV and AIDS. Quitting Heroin can be very difficult, but it is not impossible. Do not try to quit on your own or cold turkey. Heroin withdrawal is quite painful and the side effects can turn into life threatening consequences without notice. During Heroin withdrawal you can expect to experience some or all of the following symptoms: 	Flu-like symptoms 	Nausea/vomiting 	Cravings 	Body/muscle aches/pains 	Constipation/diarrhea 	Restless legs/arms 	Depression 	Anxiety/irritability 	Paranoia Most physicians recommend getting help quitting Heroin through a professional medical detox treatment. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Over time, the more OxyContin that an individual uses, a tolerance develops requiring more of the drug to achieve the desired euphoric feeling. Long-term abuse has the potential to lead to dependency and addictive behavior. Depending on the severity of OxyContin abuse, most people experience withdrawal symptoms when they stop taking the drug. Withdrawal symptoms may include: flu-like symptoms, constipation, insomnia, body aches and anxiety. Symptoms may range in intensity from mild to painful. While some people may try to quit OxyContin abuse cold turkey and try to suffer through withdrawal symptoms, it is important to understand that most people who try to quit on their own usually return to their drug use just to find relief from the withdrawal symptoms. The most common signs of OxyContin withdrawal include: 	Constipation/diarrhea 	Nausea/vomiting 	Flu- like symptoms 	Excessive sweating 	Tremors 	Seizures While it is possible to overlook or dismiss some of these symptoms, it is important to know that if left untreated, all of these symptoms, as minor as they may seem, can lead to potentially life-threatening conditions. Most doctors recommend a medical detox treatment that will manage withdrawal symptoms and keep the patient comfortable throughout the process. Medical detox treatment is available in an outpatient program, through an inpatient detox treatment. Inpatient medical detox treatments vary, some use oral medications which take a bit longer to become active and others offer IV therapy medical detox which allows the medications to be immediately active. The difference is that if you have to wait for relief from withdrawal symptoms, you may be tempted to walk out of the detox before it is complete. Gallus Detox Center is an inpatient private medical detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  In 1947, Methadone was introduced as a medication capable of treating pain but also as an effective component in addiction treatment. Although Methadone is an opiate similar to Vicodin, OxyContin and Morphine, it is different in that when it is used it competes with and blocks other opiates at the opioid receptors in the brain and central nervous system. Methadone prevents those drugs from becoming effective. In addiction treatment Methadone works by tricking the brain and preventing withdrawal symptoms when other opiate use is discontinued. Another component is that Methadone will stay active in the body for nearly 60 hours. As with other opiate use, chronic use of Methadone can lead to tolerance, dependency and addiction. Increasing the dose (due to tolerance) puts the individual at risk for overdose. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  The purpose of alcohol detox is to remove the toxic chemicals from the body. Depending on the severity of alcohol use, when most people quit drinking they will being to experience alcohol withdrawal symptoms. The intensity of the symptoms will depend on the severity of use. If left untreated, alcohol withdrawal symptoms can be fatal which is why most doctors do not recommend trying to quit chronic alcoholism suddenly and without medical assistance. Another problem with alcohol withdrawal is that it can be so painful and uncomfortable that many people return to drinking in order to relieve their symptoms. Medications will work to control the withdrawal symptoms, decrease the amount of stress and anxiety throughout the process and help the patient successfully complete alcohol detox treatment. Although there is no magic pill that will cure alcoholism or stop the desire to drink alcohol, there are a number of medications available that are FDA approved for use in alcoholism treatment including Antabuse, Campral and Naltrexone. Antabuse has been around for more than 50 years. Antabuse is effective by blocking the bodys ability to absorb alcohol and preventing the body to produce the enzyme responsible for alcohol absorption. Instead there is a build-up of acetaldehyde which results in nausea, flushing and palpitations. Unfortunately, Antabuse does not reduce alcohol cravings and should be used in a controlled setting. Campral is an oral medication, taken three times per day and is effective at reducing withdrawal symptoms as a result of abstaining from alcohol. In some people Campral is able to block alcohol withdrawal symptoms from reoccurring after detoxification, but it does not work for everyone. Naltrexone works to reduce alcohol cravings as well as the euphoric feelings individuals get from drinking. Naltrexone is effective by blocking the receptors in the brain. Naltrexone is available in a once-daily pill and a monthly injectible. Other than convenience, the biggest difference is the cost. Naltrexone pill is about $11 per month and the injectible (Vivitrol) is about $1000 per month. After medical detox treatment it is not unusual for the doctor to send patients home with certain medications such as Neurontin, a low dose anti-depressant and/or Vistaril, a non-habit forming anti-anxiety medication to help with post-acute withdrawal. It is important to understand that medication by itself is not enough for successful alcoholism treatment, but should be combined with some type of psycho-social treatment such as cognitive behavioral therapy, motivational enhancement therapy or a 12-step program such as Alcoholics Anonymous. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  While drugs such as Zoloft, Effexor, Cymbalta and Paxil are not chemically addictive - in the same way that prescription painkillers are - quitting antidepressants is not as easy as one might think. In fact, there is sufficient evidence to show that many individuals struggle with withdrawal symptoms when they quit taking many of the short-acting antidepressants. For this reason, most doctors suggest that patients use a tapering off method for quitting. Tapering means that the amount of the drug taken with each use is reduced overtime. Most doctors suggest that it is not unreasonable for it to take several months of tapering for an individual to completely stop after many years of use. Suddenly stopping, quitting cold turkey or drastically reducing the amount of medication can result in the following physical and psychological symptoms: flu-like symptoms, nausea/vomiting, dizziness, fatigue, muscle spasms, insomnia/nightmares, mood swings/depression/anxiety, suicidal thoughts, and manic episodes. Withdrawal symptoms usually depend on a number of factors including the specific medication and severity of use. In most cases withdrawal symptoms present within a few days of the last time the medication was taken and may last up to 10 to 14 days. In cases where the patient suffers extreme withdrawal symptoms, many doctors recommend changing the individual from a short-acting antidepressant to a long-lasting formula. Long-lasting formulas have been known to reduce the number of side effects and withdrawal symptoms while using the tapering down method for quitting. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929  There is a significant amount of research that shows there is the potential for Dolophine dependency, as well as other precautions. Dolophine is an oral medication and should not be snorted or injected. Individuals should only take Dolophine as instructed; however, long-term use can still lead to tolerance and dependency even if the medication was not abused. Stopping Dolophine use suddenly can result in the onset of withdrawal symptoms including the following: constipation; flu-like symptoms; nausea and vomiting; insomnia; hallucinations and confusion; anxiety and irritability; respiratory problems; irregular heart beat and chest pain; and loss of consciousness. Since Dolophine is a long-acting medication and stays in the body for nearly 59 hours, combining it with other drugs and especially alcohol is dangerous and can result in an overdose. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Teens with drug abuse issues risk their health as well as their futures. Between the ages of 12 and 20, there are important physiological and psychological changes that occur. These changes can be significantly altered in teens that have drug abuse. Identifying the signs of drug abuse in your teen may save his or her life. Parents can help their teens by getting them help for the drug abuse and by helping them regain control of their life. There are some indications that could help you determine if your teen is using drugs. Have you noticed a decline in their grades at school, a change in their behavior and attitude or have they lost interest in things that at one time was important? Has your teen been noticeably tired or hyperactive? What about their friends, have you noticed that they are not hanging out with the same group? These are all things to consider if you suspect that your teen is using drugs. There are some valuable resources online at the Mayo Clinic, National Institute on Drug Abuse, and Teen Drug Abuse. Each of these sites offer tips on how to talk to your teen about drug abuse. Making yourself aware of what is going on with your teen is the best way to prepare to help them. Gallus Detox Center is an inpatient private detox facility which specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Naltrexone is used after the individual has stopped using opiates for a period of seven to ten days. Persons using Naltrexone while still engaged in active opiate use can result in severe withdrawal. Naltrexone is not safe for women who are pregnant or nursing. Additionally, persons who have been diagnosed with kidney or liver disease or Hepatitis should not use Naltrexone. The most common side effects from Naltrexone use includes: 	Abdominal pain 	Muscle/joint pain 	Anxiety 	Hallucinations 	Liver disease/failure Perhaps the biggest drawback is the cost. Naltrexone pill is about $11 per month and the injectible (Vivitrol) is about $1000 per month. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Both Percocet and Tylox are narcotic pain relievers, used in the treatment of moderate to severe pain such as after an injury or to manage surgical pain. Both are a combination of acetaminophen (the active ingredient in Tylenol) and oxycodone which work together to enhance the effects of the drug. The primary difference between Percocet and Tylox is the dosage. Tylox has 5 mg of oxycodone and 500 mg of acetaminophen, whereas Percocet has different levels of oxycodone and acetaminophen  the most common dose being 5 mg oxycodone and 325 mg acetaminophen. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Substance abuse during pregnancy affects not only you but also your baby. During pregnancy you owe it to your baby to stop drinking and using drugs now and get help so that your baby will have the best chance at a healthy birth. Substance abuse including marijuana, methamphetamine, cocaine, alcohol and even tobacco is harmful to your baby. Methamphetamine use during pregnancy may result in the baby having a smaller brain. Babies born to heroin users can have withdrawal. Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, developmental delays, early labor and low birth weight are all risks that face babies born to substance use mothers. Illicit drug use including cocaine and marijuana can cause serious learning and attention problems that can be exacerbate depending on the severity of drug use. Babies born to alcohol addicted mothers can have a multitude of problems including poor growth patterns, problems with hearing and sight, attention and learning deficits, behavioral issues, problems with sleeping patterns and eating irregularities. In many cases, these babies need additional medical and learning care for the rest of their lives. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Long-term use of Desoxyn can lead to tolerance which means that it will require more of the drug to achieve the same effects. While an increase in concentration, motivation and weight loss are the side effects most appealing to users, there are also some negative side effects associated with the drug including:  Nausea/vomiting  Constipation  Insomnia  Headache  Heart attack  Anxiety  Aggressive behavior  Paranoia/hallucinations  Seizures Individuals who take the drug with alcohol or other medications are at risk for serious health issues including overdose which can lead to heart failure and permanent brain damage. Furthermore, as the effects of the drugs diminish, most individuals have a crash feeling along with periods of depression and irritability. Stopping Desoxyn use suddenly can lead to painful withdrawal that can be life-threatening without proper medical attention. Desoxyn is intended for individuals with ADHD. When taken appropriately, Desoxyn is very effective at relieving the symptoms; however when the drug is abused, it can have damaging effects on the individuals long-term health. Inpatient medical detox, followed by rehabilitation is strongly encouraged for people struggling with Desoxyn dependency and abuse. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you would like to know more about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Methadone Intensol, also known as Methadose, is an oral medication used to treat moderate to severe pain, as well as in the treatment for opiate dependency. In addiction treatment, Methadone Intensol works to prevent withdrawal symptoms that are the result of stopping other opiate narcotics such as prescription pain medications and Heroin. Methadone Intensol comes in liquid form that the individual takes orally as part of a Methadone maintenance program. Some individuals experience heart rate irregularities and chest pain as well as respiratory problems. Stopping Methadone Intensol - especially after long-term use, can result in the onset of withdrawal symptoms which may include: restlessness/insomnia, flu-like symptoms, sweating, nausea/vomiting and muscle aches. One of the problems with using Methadone Intensol in opiate detox is that many people never stop taking it and if they try to stop, most experience Methadone withdrawal. To prevent the onset of Methadone withdrawal symptoms, your doctor may suggest that you try tapering off the medication which means that you reduce the amount of the drug taken over a specific period of time until you are no longer taking the drug. While this method works for some people, even the slowest of tapering schedules may result in the onset of withdrawal symptoms in which case the doctor may suggest an inpatient medical detox. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  The best thing you can do for both you and your (future) baby is to be very honest with your doctor about all your substance use. The sooner you do this the quicker you can get them out of your body and focus on preparing for your future pregnancy and for when the baby arrives. Substance abuse during pregnancy may result in the baby having a smaller brain, can increase the risk of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, developmental delays, early labor, and low birth weight, Babies born to heroin users can have withdrawal. Illicit drug use can cause serious learning and attention problems that can be exacerbate depending on the severity of drug use. Alcohol Syndrome (FAS) which is a pattern of mental and physical defects during fetus development during pregnancy. Babies born with FAS may have damage to the central nervous system and brain which can result in mental retardation as well as facial abnormalities. Substance abuse during pregnancy can cause serious harm to your baby; however help is available to help you stop using drugs and alcohol now for a healthier baby tomorrow. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Yes, Tramadol is a controlled substance. Tramadol is similar to other prescription painkillers like Demerol, OxyContin and Vicodin. Prescription opiates are work by blocking the opioid receptors in the central nervous system and brain and reduces pain by increasing the dopamine neurotransmitters leaving a euphoric sensation. However, what makes Tramadol different from other prescription opiates is the time release formula. Tramadol should not be used with alcohol or other drugs especially sedatives or tranquilizers as it can depress breathing causing it to slow or stop. Gallus Detox Center is an inpatient medical detox facility specializing in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Valium (diazepam) is from a class of drugs called benzodiazepines which includes sedatives and hypnotics as well as anti-anxiety and seizure medications. Valium has been used to treat clinical depression, anxiety and also in the treatment of drug and alcohol abuse when used in a low dosage. Gallus Detox Centers is an inpatient medical detox facility specializing in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our detox facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Allergy drops are more commonly used in Europe than in the United States. The allergy drop method is currently being investigated particularly for those allergic to many different pollens (polysensitization). In my opinion, the allergy drop method is still investigational, but may offer an exciting new approach to allergy vaccine once more is learned on how to maximize efficacy. I currently recommend the injection form of allergen immunotherapy but am following the results of ongoing research into other modalities  Finding an asthma doctor/pulmonologist to partner with, if he does not already have one, may be beneficial. What medications is he taking on a routine basis for asthma? For some patients with severe allergic asthma, xolair may be helpful. His doctor will be able to determine whether this is an appropriate possibility for him....  Everyone's response to the allergy vaccine is somewhat different as I have seen many patients be able to stop medications while others still need their medications but have much better control of their symptoms. I usually tell patients if their symptoms are doing well to stop or reduce their allergy medications one at a time and if symptoms return to add it back. That way, the least amount of medications to control symptoms are taken. Many patients can at least reduce allergy medication use following vaccine.  Three oral medications -- disulfiram (Antabuse), naltrexone (Depade, ReVia), and acamprosate (Campral) -- are currently approved to treat alcohol dependence. In addition, an injectable, long-acting form of naltrexone (Vivitrol) is available. These medications have been shown to help people with dependence reduce their drinking, avoid relapse to heavy drinking, and achieve and maintain abstinence. Naltrexone acts in the brain to reduce craving for alcohol after someone has stopped drinking. Acamprosate is thought to work by reducing symptoms that follow lengthy abstinence, such as anxiety and insomnia. Disulfiram discourages drinking by making the person taking it feel sick after drinking alcohol. Other types of drugs are available to help manage symptoms of withdrawal (such as shakiness, nausea, and sweating) if they occur after someone with alcohol dependence stops drinking. Although medications are available to help treat alcoholism, there is no "magic bullet." In other words, no single medication is available that works in every case and/or in every person. Developing new and more effective medications to treat alcoholism remains a high priority for researchers.  Medications to stop infection and to 		 control symptoms often are used to treat attacks of 		 diverticulitis . Antibiotics (such as metronidazole and 				 ciprofloxacin ) are given to treat the infection causing the 				attack. Prescription pain relievers sometimes are needed if 				nonprescription pain relievers cannot control the pain. Medicines are not used to 			 prevent future attacks of diverticulitis . Prevention depends on increasing the 			 amount of fiber in your diet and practicing healthy bowel habits. For more 			 information, see the Prevention and Home Treatment sections of this 			 topic.  Antiviral medicines are the recommended 		 treatment for 		 herpes simplex virus (HSV) infection. The topical form of acyclovir ( Zovirax ointment) offers 			 little benefit in the treatment of genital herpes and is not 			 recommended. People taking antiviral medicine 			 every day (suppressive therapy) may want to talk to their doctors about not 			 taking the medicine for a short period each year. This can help determine 			 whether genital herpes outbreaks recur as frequently. They can then decide 			 whether they need to continue taking medicine. People who have six or more 			 outbreaks a year or who have severe outbreaks may benefit from taking antiviral 			 medicine every day. Antiviral medicines for genital herpes work 			 best when they are taken as soon as symptoms are noticed. For that reason, 			 people with herpes should keep a supply of the medicine on hand. Acyclovir (Zovirax) is most commonly used for pregnant women. 			 Valacyclovir ( Valtrex ) also may be used during pregnancy. 4 , 5 People with 			 impaired immune systems may be more likely to: Need daily antiviral medicine to prevent 				recurrent outbreaks. Develop a 				 resistance to some antiviral medicines. For these 				people, other antivirals are available, but they must be given through a vein 				(intravenously, or IV) and can have dangerous side effects.  Medicine is often used to treat pain 		 caused by a 		 herniated disc . Although medicine does not cure a 		 herniated disc, it may reduce 		 inflammation and pain and allow you to begin an 		 exercise program that can strengthen your stomach and back muscles. Medicines that may be used to relieve symptoms caused by 			 a herniated disc include: Pain relievers, such as 				 acetaminophen and 				 nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) , 				including aspirin . Muscle relaxants . Corticosteroids . Opioids . Antidepressants . Enzyme injection into the damaged disc ( chemonucleolysis ) can be done to dissolve a bulging 			 disc. (An enzyme is a chemical or protein that is able to speed up a specific 			 chemical reaction.) This procedure is rarely done. 1 The use of pain relievers or 			 corticosteroid injections alone will not cure a herniated disc. It is important 			 to take care of your back and exercise to increase strength and fitness in 			 addition to using medicine to control your symptoms. Some of the 			 medicines used, such as opioid pain relievers and corticosteroid injections, 			 can have serious side effects. Discuss this issue with your doctor before 			 deciding to use a medicine.  Medicines can relieve 		 neck pain and reduce 		 inflammation of the soft tissues. Pain relief will 		 allow you to move your neck gently, so you can begin easy exercises and start 		 the healing process. Although pain relievers, muscle relaxants, 		 and antidepressants are commonly used for neck pain , none are well-proven 		 treatments. 2 Nonprescription pain 		 relievers include: Creams or gels, such as Bengay , that are rubbed into the 			 neck. Acetaminophen , such as Tylenol , which reduces 			 pain. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , including 			 aspirin (such as Bayer), ibuprofen (such as Advil), or naproxen sodium (such as 			 Aleve ), that can help relieve pain and reduce inflammation. Do not give aspirin to anyone younger than 20 because of the risk of 			 Reye syndrome . Prescription pain relievers include: Muscle relaxants , which are used to treat severe neck 			 pain and spasms when neck pain begins (acute neck pain). They include diazepam 			 (such as Valium ), cyclobenzaprine (such as Flexeril ), and carisoprodol (such as 			 Soma ). Narcotic pain relievers , which are used to treat 			 severe short-term (acute) neck pain. They include codeine , acetaminophen and 			 hydrocodone (such as Vicodin , Lortab ), aspirin and oxycodone (such as 			 Percodan ), and acetaminophen and oxycodone (such as Percocet ). Antidepressants , which are used to treat long-lasting 			 (chronic) pain. They include doxepin (such as Sinequan ) and amitriptyline . 			  Janumet is a combination product containing Januvia and metformin. Both medications are used to help decrease sugar levels found in blood circulation after eating a meal, but by different mechanisms of actions. Metformin is a generic medication that can be found at several pharmacies on their special pricing lists for one month and three month supplies. However, Januvia is still a brand medication, as well as Janumet. There are plenty of different combinations of diabetes medications that can be used to lower sugar levels. However, if sugar levels are being maintained with this combination product, I would not switch. Check with your insurance company to see if there is a lower co-pay for using Januvia versus Janumet. If so, you still can get the same coverage as Janumet by taking the two ingredients, Januvia and metformin. There arent medications in the same drug class, but there are medications available to help lower sugar levels by a different means of action within the body. Start by contacting your insurance to see what they cover and at what co-pay costs. Work with your pharmacist and physician to see what will work best for diabetes coverage specific to your husbands needs. Check around with pharmacies to see if they have different generic lists of medications they cover at a lower cost that may be lower than your insurance. Lastly, talk to your doctor to see if he/she has any co-pay assistance cards. Many brand medications do have an assistance program to aid with co-pays. ...    The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) assigns a category system to classify the possible risks to a fetus when a specific medicine is taken during pregnancy. Xanax and its generic (alprazolam) have been assigned pregnancy category D, meaning this class of medication have shown clear evidence of risk to the fetus in studies. Pregnancy category D is a stronger warning class than pregnancy categories C or B classifications. A pregnancy category D medicine may still be given to a pregnant woman if the health care provider believes that the benefits to the woman outweigh the possible risks to the unborn child. I would not just stop taking the medication if you are concerned that you may be causing harm to your baby. Work with your health care provider to decide whether you should be taking the medication. If you reach a decision to not take the medication any longer, work with your provider or pharmacist to taper (decrease gradually) the dose to take and to prevent withdrawal symptoms. Common withdrawal symptoms consist of, but are not limited to, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, increased heart rate, palpitations, hallucinations, memory loss, confusion, panic attacks, seizures, dizziness, headaches, depression, and insomnia. It is important to work with your health care provider to make sure you are getting the best care possible.  Zonisamide, Lyrica, and Celexa have a similar side effect of increased dizziness and drowsiness. Combining all three of these medications can increase the intensity of their side effects. Driving and doing activities that require cognitive function may be more difficult than usual. The side effects may subside with time. Maxalt is a triptan medication for symptomatic relief of the migraine. Celexa works on serotonin receptors, just as Maxalt can. The increased combination of both these products may potentiate the risk of serotonin syndrome, which is a rare but serious and potentially fatal condition. Symptoms of the serotonin syndrome may include mental status changes, such as irritability, altered consciousness, confusion, hallucinations, and coma; autonomic dysfunction, such as tachycardia, hyperthermia, diaphoresis, shivering, blood pressure lability, and mydriasis; neuromuscular abnormalities such as hyperreflexia, myoclonus, tremor, rigidity, and ataxia; and gastrointestinal symptoms, such as abdominal cramping, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. Because of these side effects, I would monitor how frequently the migraines occur and how often you are taking the Maxalt. If you are taking the Maxalt more than twice a week then you may need to start taking a preventative medication. Monitor all your side effects, if you have any, and make sure to partner with your pharmacist or health care professional regarding any concerns or discomfort.  Antihistamine medications that are NOT combined with other medications are safe to take with blood pressure medications, and should not affect your blood pressure. We tend to be more concerned about nasal decongestants affecting blood pressure more than the antihistamines when treating allergy symptoms. I suggest working with your local pharmacist to help select a product for the specific symptoms you are trying to treat that would not affect your blood pressure.  Toprol XL is an extended-release blood pressure medication. It is not uncommon for medications that have the enteric coating or protective surroundings to be excreted in the stool. This does not mean that your body did not absorb the medication. The active ingredient has been absorbed, while the coating has passed through your digestive tract. The coating is what protects the medication so that it will last longer in the body and act over a longer period of time. As long as your blood pressure is being controlled and there is no interference with your colon, Id advise you to continue the therapy.  The medications that you listed have not been reported to exhibit any sun-sensitivity side effects. However, it is important to continue to check with your local pharmacist to make sure this doesnt change. In addition, it is always important to use sunscreen when out in the sun, whether your medications are known to increase sensitivity or not.  Protonix and ranitidine can both be used to treat GI ulcers, GERD, maintenance therapy for ulcer prevention, and heartburn. Both of these medications block acid production by two different mechanisms. Protonix is a proton pump inhibitor while ranitidine prevents gastric acid stimulation by blocking histamine release in the stomach. Protonix is prescription strength, while ranitidine is over-the-counter. This means that there could be a price difference, depending on the co-pays with your health insurance. Protonix does have a generic (pantoprazole) that is equally effective as the brand name. If you are thinking about switching, without knowing the severity of your stomach condition is it hard to give information as to whether ranitidine can be supplemented for Protonix. I recommend that you speak to your health-care provider about your options. These medications do work differently and the effectiveness can be different. If the symptoms have subsided, keep in mind that the medication can be the controlling factor. Therefore, it may not be necessary to switch if your current treatment is working for you.  Delayed release means that there is an enteric coating or capsule that protects the medication from being destroyed by gastric acids of the stomach to allow the active ingredient to get to the intestine for proper absorption and functioning.  The FDA recently released a warning about the increased risk for fractures of the hip, wrists, or spine with high doses or long-term use of proton pump inhibitors. The labeling on all PPIs will change to reflect this new finding. If you have been taking Prilosec, an over-the-counter product, for longer than 14 days and without the advice of your health care professional, I would discontinue and seek medical advice. If you are currently taking this medication according to the recommendations of your health care professional, be sure to continue. Nevertheless, ask questions upon your next visit to the office. If you have any other concerns or issues, dont hesitate consulting your health-care professional or your local pharmacist about whether this medication is right for you.  Currently, there are no drug interactions found between Synthroid and Prevacid. However, this does not mean that interactions cannot exist. It is important to work with your pharmacist to see if there is any new information regarding these two products. Prevacid should be taken 30 minutes prior to a meal. Synthroid should be taken 30 minutes to one hour prior to a meal. They can be taken together with water on an empty stomach.  Yes. Medications that are applied topically can be absorbed by touching skin to skin. There are some medications that are so strong in effect (such as cancer medications) that simply touching them can cause side effects. There is no list of these medications. So it is important to ask your local pharmacist or check with your physician.  Depending on the severity of your hemorrhoid condition, there are plenty of over-the-counter products that you can purchase. The over-the-counter FDA-approved products for treatment of hemorrhoids include Preparation H products and Tucks pads. Both of these products also have generics available. Preparation H has many different formulations, which contain different ingredients. Therefore, reading the label to look at the active ingredients is important. The wipes contain witch hazel, which is used as an astringent. The cream, gel, and ointment products have many different ingredients. Phenylephrine is used as a vasoconstrictor. Hydrocortisone is for anti-itch. And pramoxine serves as a local anesthetic. Either Preparation H products or Tucks pads can help temporarily relieve your symptoms, until you are able to see your health care professional. Make sure you inform your health care professional about what over-the-counter medications youve used and for how long you used them.  If you have a true allergy to sulfa medications then Lasix may not be for you. It does contain sulfa product. If you have difficulty breathing, or your airways feel like they are closing off, or a rash has developed, specifically on the trunk of the body, then you should stop taking this medication immediately and consult with your pharmacist and health care provider. It is important to differentiate between allergies to medications and side effects. If you have experienced intolerable side effects to medications containing sulfa products, that doesnt mean you are allergic. Work with you local pharmacist and physician to re-evaluate this situation and to make sure you are taking medication that is appropriate for you.  Avinza is the extended release formulation of morphine sulfate. Due to the addictive properties associated with this medication it is classified as a narcotic or schedule II medication.  Any medication that can thin the blood, such as Coumadin, should be avoided. Drinking alcohol should also be avoided for this reason. Keep in mind that getting a tattoo is like having a wound that needs to heal appropriately. Proper care should be taken in consideration. You should also consult with your health care professional about contraindications that may interfere with your immune system or healing time, such as diabetes, heart conditions, allergies, or any viral conditions. Extra precautions may need to be taken under these circumstances. Make sure you are up to date with your immunizations, especially hepatitis and tetanus.  According to the manufacturer, Bystolic may contain corn starch or wheat starch. Therefore, Bystolic is not gluten-free. If you need to maintain a totally gluten-free diet, I would be cautious when taking this medication. I recommend that you work with your health care provider to see what is best for you. If you need more questions answered about this medication, you can contact Forest Laboratories at 800-678-1605.  Every medication has two names: a brand name and generic name. The brand name is only used by the company that has discovered the recipe for that medication. The brand name is usually on the market for about 7 years, until the recipe becomes available for other manufacturers to bid for and begin creating generics. The generic has to have the same active ingredients that the brand name contains. Generics are monitored by the FDA to make sure they are comparable to the brand-name products. The differences will be the color, size, shape, and cost.  There are several medications that can lead to photosensitivity, or sun sensitivity. Photosensitivity appears similar to sunburn and usually occurs within 24 hours of exposure to the sun while taking photosensitivity medications. Avoiding sun exposure and tanning beds is recommended for protection while using these medications. Apply sunscreen SPF 30 or higher with UVA and UVB protection every few hours if you will be exposed to the sunlight. Some common medications that can lead to photosensitivity include, but are not limited to: Antibiotics: ciprofloxacin, levofloxacin, tetracycline, doxycycline, minocycline, TMP-SMX. Antihistamines: diphenhydramine. Antidepressants: amytriptyline, desipramine, doxepin, imipramine, nortriptyline, trazodone. Malaria medications: quinine, chloroqine, hydroxychloroquine. Chemotherapy medications: 5-fluorouracil, vinblastine, dacarbazine. Disease-modifying agents (rheumatoid arthritis/lupus): dapsone, hydroxychloroquine, methotrexate, sulfasalazine. Cardiac/blood pressure medication: amiodarone, nifedipine, quinidine, diltiazem, furosemide, hydrochlorothiazide. Diabetic medications: chlorpropamide, glyburide. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medications: naproxen, piroxicam, ibuprofen. Acne medications: isotretinoin (Accutane). Oral contraceptives. Before taking your medications or spending time in the sun, consult your pharmacist to find out if your medication(s) can lead to photosensitivity.  The acai berry is a fruit that has more recently been marketed to have antioxidant properties. It has also been credited with other health benefits that have not yet been scientifically proven. False claims include the reversal of diabetes and other chronic illnesses, enlarging the size of your genitals, increasing men's sexual virility, and increasing sexual desire in women. In addition, there are no current studies supporting the berrys supposed promotion of aiding in weight loss. I cannot tell you if there are any interactions with levothyroxine or Pristiq. I can tell you that the two medications you are taking are safe to take together. Pristiq does not have any food considerations when taken orally. It is recommended that levothyroxine be taken on an empty stomach, 30 minutes to 1 hour prior to breakfast.  No. The machine will not denature any of your medications or interfere with their stability.  Currently, the only safe over-the-counter medication for the treatment of headaches during pregnancy is Tylenol (acetaminophen). Make sure you are using a product that only contains Tylenol (acetaminophen) and not other ingredients. Remember to follow the directions according to the labeled product, or as your health care provider advises. If this medication is not working, consult your ob-gyn to find a medication that is effective, but still safe for your unborn baby.  Currently the medications youre taking will not interfere with Prempro. However, this does not mean that no drug interactions exist. It is important to check with your pharmacist every month to make sure that drug interactions have not been reported.  Amiodarone, a cardiovascular medication, does cause some people to turn irreversibly blue. It is important to check with a pharmacist in order to understand this medication prior to taking it. Also, if you have any apprehensions, you should talk to your pharmacist about the risks and benefits of any medication to make sure that you are comfortable and compliant.  Separate from the issue of sun sensitivity, there are so many choices of blood pressure medication that can be examined in order to make sure the correct product(s) has been selected for you. But we do not want to completely change your therapy if it is working for you. There may be another drug in the same class as the one you are currently taking that is less sun-sensitive and that can be just as effective for treatment. Be cautious in changing drug classes entirely. Work with your health-care professional and your pharmacist to find the right treatment for you. Close  Yes, they can. So it is very important that you always check with your health-care provider or pharmacist before taking anything new. Make sure you list any vitamins you take on your personal medication list. This list should be with you at all times, and you should show it to your pharmacist every time you pick up medication. If you have any questions about drug interactions, get to know your pharmacist. You will be glad you did!  Excedrin Migraine contains acetaminophen 250 mg, aspirin 250 mg, and caffeine 65 mg. Aspirin and products containing aspirin should not be used for children due to the increased risk of Reye's syndrome. The exact cause or cure for Reye's syndrome is unknown. However, we do know that children taking aspirin increases the risk, which attacks the organs of the body. Since there isn't a cure, we don't want to take the risk of harming the child. I would not give your child Excedrin Migraine. Pay attention to the label on all over-the-counter medication to make sure you taking appropriately, and so you know the recommended age as well.  There is no stronger over-the-counter medication for headache or migraine pain relief. Headaches are very individualized. There are several over-the-counter medications you can use to alleviate painful headaches. These medications include acetaminophen (Tylenol), an effective over-the-counter analgesic (pain reliever) and antipyretic (fever reducer) medication. This medication can help with achy pain, stiffness, and fever. However, it does not have any anti-inflammatory properties. This is important for some types of headache relief. In addition, the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug class (NSAIDs) consists of products like ibuprofen (Motrin, Advil) and naproxen (Naprosyn, Aleve), which work by exhibiting analgesic relief, antipyretic, and anti-inflammatory properties. Lastly, combination products, such as Excedrin Migraine, contain acetaminophen, aspirin, and caffeine. These ingredients combined make a more powerful headache/pain reliever than the ingredients separated out alone. It is important to follow the instructions on the label of over the counter medication and not to mix products, in order to prevent overdosing or toxicity. Monitor the frequency and intensity of your migraines to know when it is time to seek professional help and possibly the addition of a prescription medication.  Medications that can increase blood-thinning properties tend to increase the risk of bruising. There are several prescription medications that can increase this risk, including warfarin, heparin, and Plavix. Over-the-counter aspirin can also have the same effect. There is much caution and monitoring while on these medications. You should consult your local pharmacist to discuss your current medication profile and your increased bruising. Based on your pharmacists advice and if the bruising worsens, you should then consult your health-care provider to make sure it is actually your medication, and not a separate condition, that is causing the bruising.  All over-the-counter and prescription-strength naproxen have a shiny coating on the pill, which means it has a slight enteric coating to prevent stomachache. In addition, this medication should be taken with food to help buffer the effects on the stomach.  This is a difficult question to answer. Compounding used to be more popular than it is now. Pharmacists were trained to compound in school, and any nearly pharmacist could prepare medication for you in this way. Now many pharmacy schools have compounding training available, but do not require the course. A compounded medication is a product that a pharmacist makes on an individual basis because it is not commercially provided. Pharmacists need to make sure the ingredients can remain stable in the mixture and that they will provide proper treatment for the patients condition. Recipes for compounds are not standard, so sometimes the pharmacist has to conduct research to obtain a recipe for the compounded medication that your physician has prescribed. Many chain pharmacies do not have pharmacist that are trained to compound. If you need a compounded prescription, they should be able to direct you to another pharmacy to suit your need There are community pharmacies available that specialize in compounding. But you want to do some research. Check with your local childrens hospital to see if they have an outpatient pharmacy that will fill your prescription. If they do not, see if they can recommend a local pharmacy that is able to compound the medication for you.  Tanning is not a medically recommended habit. If a tanned appearance is important to you, look into using self-tanning products. There isnt a drug that will block your tan. However, there are plenty of medications that can accelerate or increase the risk of burning.  Toradol is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medication (NSAID) that is prescription-strength. It helps to reduce inflammation, swelling, and pain that can all be associated with the migraines.  Most medications work best if taken with water. There are certain foods that can affect the absorption of medication. It is important to ask your pharmacist about taking medication with or without food with every new prescription you begin.  This medication is scheduled as a legend medication, meaning that this is not a high-enough risk of addictive properties to be scheduled a higher controlled medication. It still requires a prescription.  There is a moderate drug interaction between these two medications. The disabling of the motor coordination and mental alertness is effected with one medication alone. Both medications give an additive effect, or intensify the side effects. Depending on the dose doctors worry about respiratory depression. However, if the medications are taken according to the physician's directions there shouldn't be any issues. Just be cautious of the cognitive capabilities while on both these medications.  Half-life is a measurement of the amount of time it takes the body to clear half the medication from the body.  I have Fibromyalgia, but don't have insurance, so I have been trying different things to treat Fibro with over-the-counter and more natural alternatives. Before I lost insurance, Magnesium was recommended to me by a nutritionist. I was told it helps to release energy inside muscle cells, so it primarily helps with energy. I know that it helps me in terms of energy and pain. I've been doing this for about 2 years - I take about 400 mg a day, in the mornings. I would definitely recommend it.  There aren't any drugs or medications that will really cause the penis to grow; it's a genetic issue, I'm afraid. But the good news is that most men do not really need any greater size in order to sexually satisfy a partner; while a large penis can be initially impressive, what is ultimately much more important is a man's skill with using his tool. Learning how to use your penis to provide ultimate satisfaction  to both him and his partner(s)  is usually more fruitful than concentrating on size issues. Keeping the penis healthy is also important, so use a quality penis nutrient cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil). One with vitamin A among its ingredients can also help eliminate penis odor (which is often a turn-off to partners).  Sounds like checking to see how far back your drug use if any is. But I thought that was with hair follicles they can go back for a certain time. I am not sure if they now have a blood test to do that, which they probably do.  It starts with communication with your doctor and pharmacist. Make sure you know why you are taking all of your medications. This way you can try to minimize redundancy. Ask your doctor for recommendations regarding when to take each medication  it might make sense to take your water pill earlier in the day so you arent woken up at night by the urge to go the bathroom. Ask you doctor if routine liver or kidney laboratory testing is appropriate. Bring your medication list with you to every doctors appointment or emergency room visit. One of the biggest causes of medication errors or side effects is when doctors prescribe people medications that they dont tolerate or when similar medications are already being prescribed. Remember that supplements can have side effects and may interact with your medications  know what you are taking and why you are taking it. When making changes in your medications, its best to make one change at a time  that way you can identify the likely cause if a side effect occurs. Take advantage of the pharmacists offer to counsel you regarding new medications.  Another drug bites the dust. In the past few weeks, we have seen sibutramine (Meridia) pulled from the shelves due to an increased risk of heart attacks, and now lorcaserin (Lorqess) has failed to pass muster with the FDA because of concerns about cancer. Many years and millions of research dollars later, our only remaining pharmaceutical arm in the fight against obesity is orlistat (Xenical), with the convenient side effects of bloating, stomach upset, and the need to have a public restroom app on your iPhone in case of emergencies. So whats a health care system to do? On one hand, you might argue that Big Pharma has failed us in the obesity space. So should they throw in the towel? The drugs work poorly, have gross side effects, and increase our health risks in other ways. Some say, why dont we save the millions of dollars spent on drug research and instead invest them in education, legislation, and regulations that will help us eat better and exercise more? Put the money toward the health costs of the uninsured. Or, use it to fund research in diabetes, heart disease, or any of the other countless complications of obesity. But is it too early to admit defeat? If we had done the same for cholesterol medications or diabetes medications, or even smoking patches and pills, wed be paying for it in countless ways. So is there something unique about developing medications for obesity? Obesity is considered by many to be purely a lifestyle disease, and some are biased against the obese as a result. Given that we already have proven treatments (eat less and exercise more), some argue that we are wasting our time by investing heavily in a pharmaceutical solution. As a physician who believes strongly in the power of personal choice to influence ones health outcomes, I tend to favor an investment in healthy lifestyles. But in all fairness to the other side of the debate, one can also argue that prevention hasnt worked out so well either. Despite the fact that we have effective treatments, we are not very effective in their prescription or compliance. For example, aggressive lifestyle modification can lower heart disease risk as effectively as cholesterol medication for many people  but the fact of the matter is, some people would rather take a pill. Obesity has skyrocketed despite our efforts at communication. So, it looks like the health care system has failed as well. Could our failure as health care providers actually position obesity drug research and development as the most important pharmaceutical goal of the decade?  yes, you can get right solution because i have same problem of you so at that time get solution from this site:  go to the home page and type in the meds you are using , read some of the comments for the thyroid med. i started it 2 weeks ago , and feel worse on it then off of it. called my Dr.Stomache and nausia is the worse. but i was very anxious at first , I had to cut out all caffeine which made that part better. looks like there is alot of us not liking this med. just to keep taking more meds is crazy. get one thing fixed at a time or you wont know hat med is causing what.  Sugar and carbohydrate cravings are common in what's known as atypical depression -- a tendency toward overeating and oversleeping. Not necessarily more common in women than men. Sugary foods (think: chocolate) can have a mood-enhancing effect by increasing serotonin levels, as well as N-acetylethanolamines, which can stimulate the same receptors that cannabis stimulates. Plus, carbohydrates intrinsically have a stimulant effect. So there you have it, a legal way to get high.  Medicines all do very different things, and all have their own side effects. I would hope your doctor is not sending you the message that they are arbitrarily interchangeable. He or she should be telling you the pros and cons of each (what specific benefits, if any, can be expected from each) as they pertain to your specific symptoms and problems. It's not the patient's job to tell the surgeon what kind of sutures the surgeon should use.  Depends. As we get older, our kidneys naturally slow down in their ability to clear medicines from our bodies, so the dosages of some medicines may need to be lowered accordingly. Aside from that there is no special reason that medicines need to fundamentally be different at any given age.      "Psych meds" is a pretty broad category that's hard to generalize about. Lithium is well-known to cause problems with short-term memory and associative fluency, though stopping lithium (or sometimes lowering the dose) usually reverses this. Nardil is not known to cause cognitive problems (and in fact, antidepressants in general are not associated with cognitive problems, other than the tricyclics which have anticholinergic effects).  Actually, the only medicine that carries an FDA label to reduce the risk of suicidal behavior is clozapine, in schizophrenia. Lithium is thought to reduce the risk of suicidal behavior in people with mood disorders, but that's more of a clinical impression on the part of clinicians, and not a formal statement in the FDA label for lithium. It was never really "tested" specifically for this purpose, it's more of an incidental observation that has been noted over the years. Some researchers also think the anti-suicide data with lithium has been overstated and may be more of an artifact that when lithium reduces mood episodes, less suicidal acts occur....or, that when lithium is co-administered with other medicines (especially antidepressants), people stabilize, and are less likely to try to hurt themselves. A study by researchers at Columbia University a couple of years ago compared suicidal behaviors in a large group of bipolar patients who were taking lithium or Depakote over several years and found no differences between the two.  It would depend on the patient. If they had a history of multiple significant manic or depressive episodes, I would counsel them that their decision was very risky and probably ill-advised, and warn them of the likelihood of relapse and clarify what their wishes would be should they relapse. In my experience, in people with bipolar I disorder, an eventual relapse off medicines is almost always inevitable and I don't know that there is any "natural" way to avoid that. I would encourage regular ongoing monitoring/visits and enlist their family as look-outs on the team. If they had a history of suicide attempts or hospitalization or psychosis in the last few years, I would probably urge them against a very dangerous idea and personally not feel comfortable being cast as simply an onlooker to looming disaster. In someone who had a history of episodes long ago who's been stable for at least several years, no suicide attempts, functioning well, they're responsible, family is supportive, no drugs or alcohol, relationships and work are stable/steady, and they know what to watch for and could catch a looming relapse quickly so we could nip it in the bud, and were agreeable to resuming medicines at the first signs of relapse, I would probably be much more encouraging.  One common side effect of narcotics can be sexual dysfunction including decreased desire and performance. Medications like Viagra and Cialis may be able to help with performance but usually do not increase desire. For most people if there is decreased desire, they may not be "inspired" to have sex. I remind patients that are on pain medications like narcotics that it is for quality of life and that if you don't need it at that time you may not have to take it. Some people who do this may have improvement if their symptoms.  Well, they actually would all probably help; but theres a few other things that we need to know here. Does the patient want to have something thats gonna cause em drowsiness, or something thats not gonna make them tire. The other question I have is, are they actually living with the pet? You know, its one of those things that they might go over to a house once in a while occasionally where there are pets there that they have this allergic reaction to, and in that case theres different choices based on that medication. For something quick, Zyrtec or -- over-the-counter is a great choice. It will cause a little bit of tiredness; but it does work, usually within 30 minutes. Claritin is a non-drowsy one, but sometimes you have to take it for a few days before itll make you feel better. But once again, we just need a little bit more information. But if the patient can go to their pharmacist and ask them and tell them Yes, I live with the cat year-round and things like that, we can help them in the right direction as far as what product over the counter may be a good choice, or refer them to the proper healthcare professional.  This is a great question, especially now, because we have over-the-counter products, we have vitamins, we have herbals and we have prescriptions. The number one thing I tell people is, number one, you should have a medication list. This should be a list of all the medicines that youre taking, both prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins and herbals. Use one pharmacy. This is very important, especially nowadays. Pharmacists can only see what you have filled in their store; we cant see what you get filled at maybe the three other pharmacies that you go to. If at any time you have any questions about Am I taking too many medications, talk to your pharmacist. We will actually look at the list that youre on.  I always typically refer my pregnant moms to make sure that they talk to their healthcare provider first, because they might have a particular brand that they are comfortable with. I always typically refer my pregnant moms to make sure that they talk to their healthcare provider first, because they might have a particular brand that they are comfortable with. There is another product out on the market called Chlor-Trimeton, and thats an older medication very similar to Benadryl that is still available, and that has great data with it because it was actually tested in pregnancy; and that is considered very safe and effective. Zyrtec and Claritin are other alternatives that could be used; but once again, I do stress, though, the fact that they should really call their healthcare provider first and see what they prefer as far as the drug to treat with. Now, if they have a stuffy nose its a little different subject, because nasal decongestants arent as safe in pregnant women, and typically they have to use a saline nasal spray, which I know is difficult because it may not relieve the congestion as much; but its really the safest thing for them to use.  Thats another great question. And once again, we want to make sure that the patients are using one pharmacy or have a medication list ready when they ask this question, because we dont know sometimes all the medications that patients are taking. And everyone thinks, Well, you know, this medications over-the-counter, so I should be able to take it and its not gonna react with anything. Unfortunately, thats not the case. Were finding out more and more that as people use them more frequently and are starting to take herbals and vitamins and prescription meds all together that there are so many interactions.  Believe it or not, there actually are some foods that can counteract with medicines today. One of the things that I notice even with Allegra is the fact that fruit juices can actually not make the drug work as well -- and its not just grapefruit juice. Things like orange juice and apple juice, just the level of acidity actually doesnt make the drug work as well; so therefore Ive recommended patients to not take it with juice or not have juice within an hour of taking the medication. Also, another popular thing that people do is that they tend to take things like Maalox or Milk of Magnesia if they have an upset stomach and take their pills, you know, with it or within 20 minutes of it. Always good to space it with medicines, because these products can actually bind and make it like a cement brick, and therefore the pill cant do its job as well, because its stuck in this little, nasty situation. So I always tell people, space antacids and things like that by at least two hours. Therefore, its out of your system and the medication can dissolve and do its job. But thats a really common question that we get with pharmacists. If you have any questions about specific food products, always feel free to ask us. We can look it up if were not sure, but there is some really good data out there that shows us what medications and what foods might interact. If it says Do not drink alcohol, which some people may consider a food, that is something that I tell people to not do, either. Alcohol is just a product that, believe it or not, just makes side effects worse. It will make you more tired, especially with allergy medications. It could cause your stomach to become more upset. A lot of people dont realize all the things that it could do for you; so basically while youre on allergy medications or, really, for that matter any medication, you should really limit your alcohol use or dont drink at all.  Absolutely. Just come in and talk to the pharmacist or a pharmacy technician at the pharmacy you go to. We may ask you to sign a waiver, but we would be more than happy to change the cap to something to make it easier. Many elderly patients have a hard time opening up prescription vials, or over-the-counter products, so we are more than happy to help them with replacing that cap. It's one of the things that I enjoy doing, talking to people and finding out that they need help in something like this, so just come and ask me, I will be more than happy to help you.  It all depends what prescription meds we are referring to. I would have to ask this patient, what else are they on? Now, Tylenol PM and Nyquil and those products do contain acetaminophen or Tylenol in them. Tylenol PM also contains Benadryl or Diphenhydramine, and if they are taken with other products or other prescription meds, we could have some side effect issues like increased drowsiness. Also, we want to make sure that people don't overdose on Tylenol or acetaminophen, and they may not realize that it may be in some of their prescription products. Nyquil, we also need to know which Nyquil they are on. Sometimes there is different versions of Nyquil that might have a cough suppressant or a nasal decongestant, or it does contain alcohol. So we want to be real careful about the patients that are taking that. We want to make sure too that they are not taking them together. I always encourage patients to come and talk to the pharmacist. Labels can be confusing, and now when you go down the cough and cold aisle, everything sometimes looks the same, but we have to read the box, and we have to see what the ingredients are and what the dosing is. If you have your medication list on you, as a pharmacist, I can make sure that there will be no interactions or problems down the road with your other prescription medications, other OTCs, or vitamins and herbal supplements.  This is not common with Advil PM. Now, there are other products in the market though, so once again, we have to encourage consumers and patients to read the bottle and know what the active ingredients are. Advil PM contains Ibuprofen, and Diphenhydramine, which is really Benadryl. So if you are taking Benadryl for your allergies and now you are taking Advil PM on top of it all, that could be a problem, because you may end up with a lot of drowsiness, and actually you might feel that hangover in the morning, like oh, my head feels like it's floating, it's because you have taken too much Benadryl.  I would definitely recommend seeing a doctor or a healthcare provider. One of the common causes of insomnia is pain, and we all are realizing now that your level of pain is different than my level of pain, and that could be the cause of it. The other thing is, what pain pills are we taking? Are they taking a lot of acetaminophen or Tylenol? Are they are also taking Motrin or ibuprofen? What other sleep aids are they taking on top of that? Do they realize that Tylenol PM has Tylenol in it on top of all these acetaminophen they are taking? So we want to make sure that the healthcare provider or doctor is aware of this situation. The pharmacist needs to be aware of this situation in case they are taking any prescription medications on top of it, and their pain really needs to be assessed. Even though they say it's doing okay, there are some prescription medications, or they may have to go to physical therapy; which should be better options for them and they may not have to rely on so many medications. They may also not be feeling well in general. The side effects from the medication, the drowsiness, or upset stomach, could lead to bigger problems down the road. So I would highly encourage that person to definitely consider seeing at least a primary care physician for just an evaluation and to make sure everything is in check.  This is a great question. Osteo Bi-Flex is a very popular product. Its actually a vitamin and herbal supplement. It contains Glucosamine and Chondroitin. It's supposed to help with joint pain. Now, there are studies that go back and forth as to whether or not it really works. But one of the things that we don't really have is good data on, does it interact with medications? So once again, I recommend it to patients that they need to have a medication list on them at all times that contains all their prescription medications as well as things like this. So I can double-check to see. We don't know long-term if it will interact with any of the medications, but it's fair to be safe and check it out, and if they have any types of adverse reactions or breaking out in rashes, or maybe the medications arent working as well, it could be because they are interacting. We do know that Osteo Bi-Flex can interact with certain diabetes medications and with blood thinners. So once again, we want to be really precautious about giving patients this particular over-the-counter supplement. Doctors, physicians, nurse practitioners, physicians' assistants, everybody needs to know about everything that you are taking. It's just that important.  Savella was a drug that was just recently approved for Fibromyalgia. When you come to the pharmacy, we ask you, do you have any questions for the pharmacist? Ask us possibly, what are signs and symptoms of allergic reaction? Typically people will break out in a rash, that will appear all over their body, or especially on their chest or their arms. They may feel like there is a flushing or their face feels hot or red. However though, if you notice though that you are having a hard time breathing, you want to call 911, and you want to go to the emergency room as soon as possible. If you do break out in a rash, you want to discontinue the medication. You want to let the pharmacist know, so therefore. We can put it in your profile and avoid refilling it in the future dates, and also let your doctor or healthcare provider know. They are probably going to take you off that medication and put you on something else. But those are the very common symptoms that we will see in allergic reaction.  This is a great question. As a pharmacist, I recommend each patient has what we call a medication list, which is a list of all of your medications. Use one pharmacy. We have a lot of people who say they go to different pharmacies, and what they don't understand is that I cant see the medications you are getting filled at other chains. Or other independent pharmacies, I only can see what you have filled in my particular store. So I need that medication list to make sure that there is no duplications of therapy. Similar medication that may have the same ingredients in them but don't realize, because they have different names to them. Get to know your pharmacist on a first name basis. We are the medication experts, that's why we went to pharmacy school. All of our years are dedicated to learning about medications and how they work. So when I am able to see all of this information, I may be able to point out a few things, and therefore call your doctor or healthcare provider and say, by the way, did you know that Dr. such and such prescribed this; they may have never been aware. So there is a possibility that you could be taking too many medications. That's our role as a pharmacist is to look out for the patient, make sure that you are safe and that you are taking your medications in the right way.  This does depend on the patient. Some of my elderly patients, they may last a little longer, because they are slowing down a little bit. So their body systems, like their kidney and their liver are not working as well. So they may have an effect that's a little bit longer as compared to you or me.  This is a hot topic right now. I think what a lot of consumers and patients didn't realize is that acetaminophen is also known as Tylenol over-the-counter or APAP. In prescription medications, it's also included. So we had a lot of people taking two medications that contained a lot of Tylenol, and exceeding what we call the daily dose. If you are a healthy adult. You don't want to exceed more than 4000 milligrams a day. In the elderly, we recommend 2000 milligrams a day. We also found out that a lot of people were taking it too many times a day, not following the directions on the box. So we really want to make sure that people understand it's important to take it as directed, as per the instructions on the box. If you ever have any questions about the dosing, come and talk to the pharmacist, we will be more than happy to help you with that. We also want to make sure that you don't drink any alcohol while taking these products. And that you also want to avoid alcohol containing products. Some cough syrups still contain alcohol, and it's usually just enough that with the Tylenol in the alcohol, it actually causes an elevation in your liver enzymes. We see this a lot sometimes with people who have the flu. They tend to not feel well, they are taking a lot of cold medicines on top of Tylenol for their fever, and there has been some emergency room admissions, where peoples liver enzymes were elevated just from a few days of doing this. So that is the reason why it's a hot topic right now.  This is a great question and there are some simple things that you should have around the house. These things should include things like hydrogen peroxide, alcohol swabs, gauze pads, Vaseline. Just basically because you have to use a thermometer which is another thing that should be on that list. A rectal thermometer sometimes is recommended by the pediatricians depending on the age of the baby, but regular ear thermometer works just as well. Things also like Neosporin or triple antibiotic ointment. Saline drops to help loosing any mucous if the baby seems congested. A nasal aspirator, which is a device that will help you draw out the mucous out of their congested nose. A vaporizer or humidifier is always handy to have as well and including things like diaper rash ointment, maybe some latex gloves to have. These are some necessities I think will be really important for them to have.  It has been in the news lately and the reason why is because children were getting multiple different types of medications, not intentionally and were exactly following the directions. The parents were kind of like, well I need to go to work, and I need to get my child to school. So they're giving them all these different types of medicines not realizing that some of them contain the same ingredients. Children were becoming very tired, they were having different types of reactions and actually some children did end up in the emergency room. The labeling and directions have actually been revised and now, most products are not recommended for use in children under four. So, as a parent when you come into the pharmacy, ask the pharmacist if they can assist you in making sure you're choosing the right product. The pharmacist is going to ask you a lot of questions including, what is your child's weight? We are finding out more and more that these medications need to be dosed on the child's weight rather than their age. Also when you get a dropper or spoon that comes with the medication, you want to keep those together. That spoon was specifically designed for that medication to make sure your child receives the right dose. Read the labels. The labels may have Tylenol Cough and Cold, but it is going to contain some products other than just Tylenol. Then you might go to a Robitussin type of product which may contain the same thing as well. Make sure everyone in the house is aware of what you might be giving your child to help their cough or cold. Sometimes we have nannies or grandparents that come over and say, oh, I'm going to give him some medication. Well, make sure everyone knows when the last time the medication was given, what was given and keep track of it. Sometimes also the best medication is no medication at all. We might want it to run its course, or it may just require something like a simple nasal drop, or running a vaporizer at night. It's as simple as that. But we really want to keep this in mind, we want to be safe, we want to make sure that parents understand that. There are lot of questions around this topic. Ask your pharmacist or the medication experts, we'll be more than happy to help you with this.  There actually is. There are products that are called Mylicon Gas Drops where the active ingredient is Simethicone. This has been approved by the FDA, it's very safe.  This is a great question and actually, the answer is, talking to your pharmacist. We'll be able to help you figure out what are the ingredients in each of the products that you may have at home. Bring in a list, we will be more than happy to sit down with you and go over it. If you are looking for our recommendation on a product, once again telling us what you may have given your child in the past, the weight of the child is extremely important because now we are finding out that dosing really needs to be based on weight instead of age. And making sure that you understand that in some cases, the best medicine maybe no medicine at all. Keeping in touch with your pediatrician or healthcare provider is really important, but once again, by coming over to the pharmacy, asking to see the pharmacist, telling us what you are looking for, we will be more than happy to go over what products contain what. In a lot of cases, you don't need the multiple combination products because your child may not have the symptoms of what it used to treat for it. So it's getting to know your pharmacist, we are more than happy to help.  There is actually nothing over-the-counter that you can use for an ear infection that actually make it go away, but you can give a product like Tylenol or acetaminophen for the ear pain. Well make sure that you take your child though to their pediatrician, healthcare provider to be evaluated, and don't be alarmed if they say, we are not going to give any antibiotics. Believe it or not, in most cases, ear infections will actually resolve on their own.  This is a great question. When patients come in or consumers and ask me about heartburn, as a pharmacist I have to ask them a few questions, to find out what kind of heartburn are they having. For instance, if they are having heartburn at night, they really need to see a physician. I need to find out how frequently they are having their heartburn. If they are having it everyday, or is it only one or two times a week? Then I need to ask them some questions about their diet, because what they may not understand is that diet, caffeine, acidic foods, even smoking could lead to heartburn. Then I will look at them and say, okay, are they taking any other medications? My elderly patients hopefully they have their medication list with them. I will be able to take a look and see what's appropriate for them. There are a variety of different products that are available. If it's just something for quick relief, then you could use like an antacid, like a Maalox or a Tums, something along those lines. If it's something that maybe needs a little bit more consistency, then we can go more towards a Pepcid type of product, which works a little differently by cutting down on the amount of acid in the stomach. If they complain that they have had it more frequently during the day, for a number of days, then the choice might be something like Prilosec OTC, which they are going to take for about 14 days. If they come back to the pharmacy after that, and the 14 days, and it hasn't worked, then I am going refer them back to their physician or their healthcare provider for further evaluation.  This is a class effect, and it's really important that patients understand that they need to use one pharmacy, get to know their pharmacist on a first name basis, and have a medication list, which lists all of their medications that they are taking; both over-the-counter, herbals, vitamins, as well as prescriptions. This class can interact with certain antibiotics, it can interact with certain blood thinners, so it's going to be really important that we know all the other medicines that people are taking. Nowadays, a lot of people don't use just one pharmacy. So help out the pharmacist, we are looking out for your safety. If a drug interaction is possible, if the pharmacy can get a hold of it quickly, like basically know what other meds you are on, intercept it, and then call the doctor, we can get you switched to something that won't interact and therefore you will be okay. So once again, it's that essential communication, that information that we need to help the pharmacist do our jobs so we can help you.    Capadex is the newest addition to the proton pump inhibitor family. It actually works and sits in your stomach and has a special mechanism that it's delayed as it releases. So therefore the drug stays around longer in your system. It is actually used for treating of ulcers as well as GERD. One of the things is that the side effects would be very similar to the class effects with other PPIs. So constipation, diarrhea, nausea, dizziness. I do encourage patients though to see how they are feeling as they are taking this new medication, encourage them to keep a diary of their symptoms to see if it's helping. We are finding out that patients basically on medications react differently to different ones and your therapy may have to be individualized. So after a month and you are not feeling so well, you come to the pharmacist, we find that out, we may refer you back to your physician. Because that might not be the right choice, you may have to be put on a different type of medication, that might work a little better. But tracking your symptoms, letting us know how you feel is probably one of the most important things.  Believe it or not Unisom should not be used for morning sickness and it shouldn't be use by pregnant women. It's used as a sleep-aid, but it does contain an antihistamine. Talk to your doctor or pharmacist, we'll be more than happy to help you, one of their options could be a Sea-Band which is a wrist bracelet that pregnant women can wear. It applies pressure around their wrist and helps with morning sickness. Also changes to your diet, eating smaller meals, things like saltine crackers and items like that have really shown to be beneficial. There are really no prescription medications that are available for morning sickness unfortunately, but by talking to your doctor or pharmacist will be able to make sure you make the right choice of this.  There are so many different medications and we could go for hours if we went through every single one. But it really depends on what the area is. If it's a case of nasal decongestants or vitamins or things like that, there are some that can't, and there are some that can. But by developing that relationship with your pharmacist, getting to know us on a first name basis, we will be able to talk to you about anything, even prescription products. We have data on prescription products about whether or not certain ones are safe to use, also we can help call your doctor if you have any other concerns about a prescription. You may have been taking before you got pregnant, and ask them if they want you to continue with it. But talking to your pharmacist developing that relationship, that's really the key.  Codeine and hydrocodone can be very harsh on the stomach. And a lot of people complain that, it makes their stomach upset, and that they don't feel right and that it contains a lot of pain in their stomach just alone. If you have ulcers, it definitely will probably be something that you would not want to use. Because of the fact that you already have some type of irritation to your stomach. So that's where you have to work with your physician on figuring out, what might be some other alternatives. There may be some pain medications that aren't as harsh on the stomach that could be used. In the case of using Tylenol, that's okay. But to be honest with you, for severe back pain, we might need to find out a little bit more. And as the pharmacist, I might actually ask this patient, what other medications are they on? Are they seeing a specialist? Have they had scans done of an MRI or a CAT Scan to find out what is really causing the problems. And based on that figuring out what medications may be appropriate, working with their other physicians, healthcare providers, coming together and figuring out what might be the best treatments for this patient, is probably the best answer.  There is a few great rules that I have for people to make sure that they are not taking more medications than they are supposed to. Number one is use one pharmacy. That should be the one-stop shop for all of your needs, including getting to know the pharmacist on a first name basis we are more than happy to help you. One of the other things is, two, is to carry a medication list. A medication list is all the medications that you are taking including over-the-counters, vitamins and herbal supplements. Bring that to your pharmacist and make sure that they have that on record. So, therefore every time you get something filled or you have a question, we can check that out for you. We might actually be able to tell you right off that list, whether or not you are taking two of the same medications. Two medications that may work for a same condition. They may work a little differently, but their side-effects may be doubling onto each other, causing you more drowsiness or more dizziness or nausea. So, therefore it's one of the things that we say to people, you know, know your medicine and know your pharmacist. Get to know your pharmacist on a first name basis. We'll look out for you, that's our number one priority.  A lot of prescription medications can cause constipation. Some examples could be prenatal vitamins, some heart medications, and also pain medications. Always feel free to ask your pharmacist when you come to pick up your medication. We will ask you, do you have any questions for us? We also provide information usually written in your prescription bag. Take a look at it right before you leave the pharmacy and say, you know, I need to know if it's going to cause some constipation? Pharmacist will be able to tell you if this is a common thing, maybe some things that you want to do to help avoid that possibility, such as, changing your diet or increasing your fluid intake. But please feel free to ask us. We are the medication experts, we are more than happy to answer your questions.  This is one area that we just don't have enough data yet. Ginger kind of falls in the category of being a vitamin and herbal supplement. It is regulated by the FDA but not as strictly, and therefore they really havent done a lot of clinical studies or types of studies where we are going to say, okay, you are on prescription drug x, does this interact with it? So we really don't have that much data. There are some concerns about ginger causing an increase in bleeding. So you want to make sure that everyone knows that you are taking something like this. Your pharmacist, your doctor or whether healthcare provider, make sure it's on a medication list which is all the medications that you are taking. So therefore if something does happen, we are aware of it. But right now we just don't have enough data to find out whether or not that's going to happen.  H. pylori is a bacteria that has been found to cause ulcers. There are variety of prescription medications that can be used to treat it usually in combination. It includes antibiotics, it includes things like Pepto-Bismol and it also include things like a Proton Pump Inhibitor. So these combinations of products usually used each day for a number of days have been shown to basically get rid of the bacteria. Theory to get rid of the bacteria but ulcer will heal. This needs to be confirmed though through a test that your physician will do to find out whether or not the ulcer you have is being caused by this bacteria. In some cases you may have to space your other medicines with the medicines used to treat H. pylori to make sure that they don't bind to each other. When they bind to each other, they may not work as well. So once again talk to your pharmacist about it, find out how you are supposed to take it and what to avoid and how to space things. Therefore you benefit from taking medication.  This is a possibility in the stimulant category that could be used for weight loss. What happens is a lot of people become dependent upon it and when they come off of the medication, they experience symptoms of withdrawal, which could include insomnia, extreme nervousness, heart palpitations. So sometimes doctors may wean a person off of it, but sometimes the best option for weight loss is not going to these type of products and changing your lifestyle, changing your diet, including exercise such as walking, those are really the keys to help in maintain a healthy lifestyle and actually have weight loss in the process. So therefore we may not need any medication at all.  This is a great question, because actually the two drugs mentioned, Wellbutrin and Geodon, actually can cause some weight gain. So I would actually ask this patient, number one, are they telling their doctors that they -- they may be seeing two different doctors, are they aware that they are taking these medications and do they have a medication list. Because of the side effect profile, we are adding a medication that we really probably don't need. I would like to be able to find a more non-drug option, such as changing their diet, increasing their fluid intake. So we want to make sure that, that patient understands that. The pharmacist, by looking at their medication list when they are coming to visit the pharmacy, will be able to point that out and say, hey, you are getting an unnecessary medication for side effect of two drugs, and maybe one of them, they may not necessarily need. So that's where the pharmacist can actually contact the physicians or healthcare provider and say, doctor, are you aware of this? This happens all the time in the pharmacy. I can't tell you how many times I say to patients, does your doctor know? Well, I went to this doctor for this medicine, but this doctor doesn't know about this one. Everyone needs to know about it. That's why that medication list is so important. Not only is it help the pharmacist but bring it to all your other doctor appointments. That way they can see everything that everyone is prescribing and we can avoid medication errors and unnecessary use.  It is fine to ask our physician for free samples, and don't be afraid to tell physicians, your healthcare provider that you can't afford medicine. That's a very common occurrence today. I want to make sure that people understand that, we might be able to give them a different medication that they can afford or be able to enroll them in basically programs that could help offset the cost from the pharmaceutical industry. There are some many different options that it could be available to patients, but if we don't know that you can't afford your medications, we can't help you. Talk to your pharmacists, there is a possibility that there is a generic available for the medication, or we can call the doctor's office, and let them know that, hey, this prescription is a little too much money for them, can a doctor recommend something else. We are more than happy to help patients, we want to make sure that they are taking their medicine, if they don't take their medicine they are not going to feel better. We want them experience all the benefits and the value of medicine as well. So ask your pharmacists, we are more than happy to help you.  Generics are proved by the FDA when they come to market. They do contain the same active ingredient as the brand, they may differ though in the way that their tablets are made. They may have a different sugar, or a different salt, or a different color. Now there are some classes of medications though where the brands maybe better for a patient, such as thyroid medication, there are blood thinners. We need to find that out based on patient by patient, so individual decisions. But overall generics can be a great way for patients to save a little money, and get the medication that they need.  I would advice this patient that they need to just go proceed with caution. We are finding out that lot of online pharmacies actually take drugs from other countries and send them overseas. So we can't guarantee the products that you get through the Internet are really what you think you are getting. So it could be kind of big problem in a small package. So I would highly recommend that if you are going to -- basically what are prescription medications over the Internet or through mail-order go through major companies based in United States These are also chains that have stores. We could actually walk into a store, and get a prescription refilled, and you want to be able to talk a pharmacist You know when you are doing with online, you are not going to be able to talk to anybody if you have a question about, is it going to interact with my medicine? It's actually a little bit risky. So patients need to understand that, the pharmacist is a key person that they need to make sure as part of their healthcare routine, the Internet is free for some things but not for medications.  Great question! A lot of people always store their medications in the bathroom where we always find out that people take showers and there is a lot of moisture. When I store the drugs and the pharmacy or the prescription products, they are kept in a controlled temperature. It's a dry area, it's cool. The lights go off at night, it's dark. That doesn't happen in the bathroom necessarily. So I recommend the patients that you should actually keep it in a closet or in an area of possibly the kitchen where it's not humid not near the stove of course, where it's cool, dry, and there is not a lot of light, because some medications are actually like sensitive and they will actually lose their potency if they are exposed to a lot of light and moisture. You want to make sure that you go through your medicine cabinet at least once a year, and check the expiration dates. If the expiration dates are bad on OTC medications, you want to dispose them properly by using the right way to dispose them, no more flushing down the toilet. Even prescription medications, if you have stuff, you use before this pain pill, I have a few leftover, you should always get rid of them as well. There are some easy steps you can follow. All it involves is a Ziploc bag. You want to take the medications and put it in that Ziploc bag. You want to take some water to help it dissolve a little bit. You could crush a little bit, take a hammer, break it up, and then you want to take something like coffee grinds or kitty litter, put it in that bag, seal it up and put it in the trash. It's a great way to make sure that your medicine cabinet is up-to-date. It also helps curve prescription drug abuse, as we're finding out more-and-more teens are going to their medicine cabinet, finding pills, sharing them with their friends. So there is a lot of different great ways, we can help all these different types of issues, by just cleaning out our medicine cabinet and keeping an eye on what we have.  I don't necessarily think this is going to save you money. Believe it or not, XL and CDs and things like that are actually once a day formulations, which means, you don't have to purchase as much of the medication for it to work for what the doctor or healthcare provider is trying to treat you. We found that a lot of people even struggle with just taking their medication once a day, if you don't have this extended release formulation, you have to take it two, three, four times a day. I found out a lot of patients forget or don't take it at all. So in the long run it actually costs you money, because you are not taking your medication in the right way. You are actually going to probably get sicker and maybe go to the emergency room or visit your doctor a little bit more and in the long run, healthcare cost go up. Drugs are a small component of that and I think a lot of people underestimate how important it is that these extended release products are actually a benefit and worth the money.  Absolutely. It's better to be honest than not, especially if it's medications that he doesn't know, that you took and if they're medications that he doesn't think that you need prescribe for yourself. This is very common today with people sharing their medications. Once again, that's why we have doctors and healthcare providers and pharmacists. We study these subjects, we study conditions, how drugs work, drugs are safe when used correctly. But if you're going to actually take a medication that wasn't intended for you, there is a good chance you could end up in the emergency room. You don't know what is being treated  what you are being treated for -- you don't know if you're going to have an allergic reaction to it. You might think, well, it's just -- I have some flu, so I'm going to take my friend's water pill. Well, your blood pressure could drop so low that you can actually pass out and hit your head and it could have been because of that. So it's really important that people don't share their medications. Be honest with your physician and say, look, this is what happened, promise that you'll never do it again. And keep a medication list of all your medicines that you should be taking along with your vitamin and OTCs and just be honest.  This depends on the products that the manufactures make. So I know a majority of them have 1800 number that you can all. You can go to their website and usually they have a patient assistance tab that you can click on and then it brings you to the page where you can enroll in their assistance program. And I believe the pharmaceutical manufacturers PHRMA also has a link.  I know it's hard to justify when you get a new medication and it's expensive. But this medication might be the right medication, and in the long run might actually save you money. This is a once-a-day medication, it's used for depression. And if it helps you and it makes you feel better, then that's a good price to pay. When you don't feel well with depression and you don't take these types of medications and you take some that have to be taken more frequently or might have more side-effects, you forget to take them. Therefore, if there is a price on your quality of life, and then also you are going to see the doctor more often, which means that your overall healthcare costs are actually going up. So there are patient assistance programs available through the manufacturers, patients may want to look into that as helping offset the cost of that medication. At the end of the day it might be the right fit.  There are actually no new medicines for scabies. One of the things I would ask this patent is if they had seen a health care provider for treatment. There are two prescription medications that can be used to treat scabies. The patient may also want to consider preventative measures like washing all bedding, sheets, etc. in hot water. Also take any household pets to the veterinarian for examination.  Thanks for asking this question because many people don't know that chigger bites differ from mosquito bites in the fact that they leave an open wound rather than a red bump. You can apply a triple antibiotic ointment with a "pain relief" component (which is usually a numbing agent) for these types of bites. If you need help in finding these products in a pharmacy, just ask, we are more than happy to help you.  Good question. This really depends on what type of infection and how severe it is. Typically if you have a small cut, you can wash with soap and water and then apply a triple antibiotic ointment. If the infection on the skin appears red, warm to the touch, painful, or oozing, you will need to see your health care provider. Skin infections can be very difficult to treat and can require prescription antibiotics if not taken seriously.    It is not safe to give your child expired medication -- even if it is prescription or over the counter. Your child may be put at risk for having an allergic reaction to the medication breaking down and the medicine may not even work. It is not worth it, especially if it costs you a trip to the hospital. You should go through all of your medications once a year. Make sure you get those vitamins and over the counters as well. The process is really easy for disposal: We do not recommend flushing anymore -- instead get a zip-top bag, and place the medicines in the bag. You can then add some water to the bag to help them dissolve. Next, add kitty litter or coffee grinds, zip it up and throw it in the trash. For more information, visit www.smarxtdisposal.net.  This is a good question. No, you cannot administer "for oral use" medications rectally because they will not work. Medications that are approved for "rectal use" (will say so right on the packaging) are specifically made in a particular way so the medication can be absorbed into your body.  Because you are allergic to most of the medications used to treat pain, the only option that would be left is acetaminophen or Tylenol. Thanks for submitting a question today.  I would like to know if you went to see a doctor or health care provider when you fell and if you are still seeing them. It is very important that you advise them that you are still in pain so they can re-evaluate your condition and possibly prescribe treatment. At the end of the day, your quality of life is the most important and if you are on the right medications, it will actually help. When pain is not treated properly, it can cause other issues like insomnia and depression, not to mention the fact that you may call out sick from work or not be able to focus on work -- something that is called "presenteeism."  This is a great reason to go and talk to your pharmacist. This is why I went to pharmacy school and one of the reasons why I became a pharmacist -- to help people and make sure they are on the right medications and taking them correctly so they get the benefits of the medication. Your mother may be eligible for medication therapy management services. This is where a pharmacist will review all of her medications and look for possible problems and also make sure she is on the right medications. You can contact her insurance company to see if they cover this service, if not, some pharmacists offer these services as part of their practice for a fee.  This is very risky, and I have to ask if you talked to your pharmacist or doctor about the fact that you cannot afford your medication? If you are taking Synthroid (Brand) there may be other options for you to take that may not be as expensive. You should not go without taking your medication, and I also advise you to call your doctor or health care provider as soon as possible and let them know that you have not taken your medication for that long. Many people do not realize that this may cause more harm than good ... you may end up in the hospital, which ends up being a much bigger health care bill. You also want to check out the web site for Synthroid at www.synthroid.com and also the partnership for prescription assistance at www.pparx.org or by calling 888-477-2669.  This is a great question. You can actually dispose of them yourself at home. It is simple and easy process. You can take a Ziploc bag and put the medicines in the bag. You can then put some water in to help dissolve the medication or crush it. Next, add some coffee grinds or kitty litter. Zip up the bag and dispose of in the trash. For more information, visit www.smarxtdisposal.net.  Good question. The company did not lose its patent but was approved to transition to the over-the-counter class of medications. Prevacid OTC will be available late November, early December. It is not the exact same drug as Nexium, but is in the same class (like a family member).  This is a good question because there are a few probiotics on the market that are helpful with the symptoms of IBS. Some patients may be treating their heartburn, gas, diarrhea, or constipation with over the counter medications not realizing that it may be IBS. I would need to ask a few more questions in order to provide information. I need to know exactly what probiotic you are taking and what acid reflux medication. I also need to know what your symptoms are, how long you have had them, and what your diet looks like. There are many factors that can contribute to heartburn and there are some simple lifestyle modifications we can try first to see if that helps.  I would like to know why you decided to stop taking your medications and does your doctor or health care provider know? This is very risky and it is important that you understand that with some medications, you should not just stop them abruptly because you felt like it. Nor is it wise to just "start them up" again when you feel like it. I would strongly recommend that you call your doctor and let them know what you did. They may want to see you for further evaluation and gradually ease you back onto your medications.  This is a great question because this is one of the very important things that we do to protect you and keep you safe. Yes, a pharmacist checks your profile each time we fill a prescription but keep in mind that if you go to more than one pharmacy, we may not know everything you are taking. Most of the national chains are linked; so for instance, if you go to one Target and then visit another Target, they can see all your medications. But if you got one prescription filled at Wal-Mart and another at CVS and another at Joe's Pharmacy, we don't have access (at least not yet -- we really need electronic medical records). It is very important that you carry a personal medication list. This is a list that contains all your prescription medications and also all your over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and supplements because they can interact with your medications too! Bring this list with you each time you visit the pharmacist as well as each doctor and health care provider.  Due to the fact that you are on medication that is trying to help your stomach, I would not advise drinking any alcohol at all. Alcohol is a known "trigger" for heartburn and other GI conditions. Its not worth your health.  There are specific laws in place that do not allow this type of information to be shared with the "common world." You should be aware of the fact that if you don't share this information with the pharmacist, who is a health care provider, you are putting yourself at risk of drug interactions and adverse effects. We don't know all of the medications, OTCs, vitamins, and herbals you are taking and one thing that many do not know is how they may cause a dangerous drug interaction. I went through six years of school focusing on that and protecting you! Talk to your pharmacist, it may actually save your life.  I was so excited when I saw this question! We are encouraging everyone to use a personal medication record which is a list of all your medications, including over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbals. You should bring this to every health care provider visit and show your pharmacist. You can download a template at www.pharmacist.com/pmr and also at the FDA web site at www.fda.gov/Drugs/ResourcesForYou/ucm079489.htm.  Good question. I recommend speaking with your health care provider as soon as possible because Topamax is not recommended for use in pregnant women because it may cause harm to the fetus. Your health care provider needs to re-evaluate your condition and truly talk with you about the risks versus the benefits.  Based on the fact that you are having so much pain, and that you don't want to walk, I would advise seeing a doctor or health care provider immediately. This type of bite can lead to a serious skin infection, so you want to have it checked out especially due to the pain (It can be a warning sign of some type of infection).  There are not many choices when you are pregnant with a cold. As a pharmacist, I would also need to ask you some additional questions about your exact symptoms. You can take Tylenol for a fever/aches/pain. You can also use a saline nasal spray to help loosen sinus congestion, and try running a vaporizer at night in the bedroom while you sleep. If your symptoms do not get better after a few days or you continue to run a fever, contact your health care provider.  Fexofenadine is the generic name for Allegra. This is a medication that is used to treat allergies. If you ever have any questions about names of medications, talk to your pharmacist -- it is worth the extra time.  Great question. Some medications have to be taken on an empty stomach because it helps the medication dissolve and get into your bloodstream quicker. Certain medications need to be taken around the same time every day so you have a consistent level in your bloodstream and body. A good example of this is blood pressure medications -- you should take your dose at the same time each day so you benefit from the medication. If you ever have any questions about how to take your medications, ask your pharmacist. We are happy to help.  This is a popular question that I get a lot at the pharmacy. For a headache, you can take Tylenol or acetaminophen. This medication is safe to take if you have stomach ulcers. You want to make sure you follow the dosage instructions on the package and if you have any questions, talk to your pharmacist -- we will be happy to answer questions like this.  The FDA considers ginger to be a safe food supplement. So in food the root is OK and does not have any activity. Larger doses carry the potential for adverse reactions. Adverse reactions can include mild effects such as heartburn, diarrhea, and mouth irritation. I would recommend speaking with your health care provider first especially if you are on prescription medications. They may want to monitor you more closely for a few months.  This is a common side effect of this class of medications. My recommendation is to always talk to your health care provider first. They may be able to lower the dose of your medication so the weight gain may subside. They may also refer you to a nutritionist who can help you with diets and eating habits. Many patients that I talk to also try taking up simple exercises like walking. Simple steps like this can go a long way.  Yes, this is a classic example of how a vitamin or supplement can effect a prescription medication. The calcium citrate inhibits the absorption of the Levothroid, which means your body will not get the dose of the thyroid medication it needs. This can lead to hypothyroidism. I suggest taking your Levothroid in the morning and the calcium citrate in the afternoon to avoid this interaction. If you have any questions about medications, talk to your pharmacist, we are happy to help.  This is a good question you can always ask your pharmacist. The word "elixir" means "liquid". It does not change the purpose of the medication.  This is a good question to ask. We have a lot of data on Alli (orlistat) because it is a lower dose of a prescription medication. You can take Alli while on Synthroid, but you want to space the medications by four hours, so take your Synthroid at 8 a.m. on an empty stomach, and you can then take Alli at noon. You also want to let your doctors and health care providers know that you are taking Alli and include it on your personal medication list.  Yes, they can, so it is very important that you always check with your doctor, health care provider, or pharmacist before taking them. If they approve, make sure you list them on your personal medication list. This list should be with you at all times, and you should show it to your pharmacist every time you pick up medication. If you have any questions about drug interactions, get to know your pharmacist, you will be glad you did!  This is a common question I receive from patients. You've probably seen many commercials on TV offering assistance to patients who cannot afford their medications. Many pharmaceutical companies offer prescription assistance programs, which can include free or discounted medications. I recommend you work with your health care provider to identify the right medication for your condition, and then contact the pharmaceutical company who manufactures that medication to see if you qualify for the prescription assistance program. Contact the Partnership for Prescription Assistance at www.pparx.org or by calling 888-477-2669.  Great question. Many patients think that more expensive brand medications are better than their cheaper generic equivalents. The FDA requires pharmaceutical companies to prove all brand and generic drugs meeting specific requirements for not only safety and efficacy, but also related to identity, strength, quality, purity, and potency. Scientific tests and procedures are undertaken to demonstrate generic drugs can be substituted or be therapeutic equivalent to their brand-drugs counterparts. Generic drug products must contain the identical amounts of the same active drug ingredient as the brand-name product, but can differ in shape, flavor, preservatives, and other inactive ingredients, along with how they are "released" into the body (especially for extended release products).  Great question. Since your sister has insurance, I would recommend she call her insurance company to determine what medications are available to her at a lower co-pay or "tier." Then provide this list to her health care provider, so that the right medication is chosen for her. Patient assistance information is available through Zetia's web site. Check out http://www.zetia.com/ezetimibe/zetia/consumer/index.jsp or contact the partnership for prescription assistance at www.pparx.org or by calling 888-477-2669.  Great question, but I have to ask if you also spoke with your doctor about this? I would suggest letting them know because the other factor that comes into play here is what the diagnosis is. What is selected for drug therapy will really depend on that. If you medication cannot be switched, you may want to look at the Plavix web site for programs they have to help offset the cost of the medications. It is very important that you don't just stop taking the medication because that could lead to you ending up in the hospital (and a bigger health care bill!)  Great question. Protonix is now available as a generic, so you may want to talk to your pharmacist to see if it is available and if your health care provider will approve the generic for you to try. It may be a little cheaper and it has been on the market for a few months. If you are taking Protonix for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), you might also consider lifestyle modifications that could reduce your risk of heartburn. 1.) Eat small, frequent meals; 2.) Avoid foods (e.g. spicy, fatty, acidic foods) and drinks (caffeinated and carbonated beverages) that trigger acid reflux; 3.) Wait at least two hours after meals to lie down; 4.) Elevate your bed a few inches; 5.) Lose weight; 6.) Avoid smoke and alcohol consumption; 7.) Avoid tight-fitting clothing; 8.) Avoid stress; 9.) Keep a heartburn journal of your acid reflux events. Also, there are certain medications that can contribute to heartburn. Keep a personal medication list and review this list with your pharmacists and your health care provider against the list of medications that can contribute to heartburn.  Zocor (which is the brand name) is a medication that is used to treat high cholesterol. The generic name for Zocor is simvastatin and is available if your health care provider wants you to be on this medication and approves the generic.  Great question. Medications will work properly when stored in an environment away from light, heat, and moisture. Medications improperly stored can expire before the expiration date. Using expired medication is very risky. Expired medications are not only less potent, but some medications become toxic when used beyond the expiration date. Taking expired drugs can cause an unwanted visit to the emergency department as well having an unnecessary medical bill.  Great question. No, there are no over-the-counter medications that help lower blood sugar. If you have been diagnosed with diabetes, it is important that you still try to see a health care provider for evaluation. Depending on your condition, you may be eligible for some classes of medications that are available generically and are lower in cost. You want to make sure you do not ignore this because you can end up in the hospital if your diabetes goes untreated. You are on the right track though, diet, exercise and lifestyle modification are important factors in helping lower blood sugar. I encourage you to visit the American Diabetes Association web site at www.diabetes.org for more information and tips. Talk to your pharmacist too, they may be able to help you choose a more cost-effective meter to test your blood sugar at home.  This is another great question. Medications should be disposed of in a safe and environmentally protective manner. There are several steps you can take to protect children and pets from potentially harmful effects. 1.) Pour medications into a sealable bag. Crush it or add water to dissolve it. 2.) Add kitty litter, sawdust, or coffee grounds to the plastic bag. 3.) Seal the plastic bag and put into trash. 4.) Remove and destroy all personal information from medication containers prior to recycling or throwing them away. There is a small number of medications the FDA recommends disposal by flushing. For more information about safe medication disposal, please visit http://www.smarxtdisposal.net.  ... Many patients think that more expensive brand medications are better than their cheaper generic equivalents. The FDA requires pharmaceutical companies to prove all brand and generic drugs meet specific requirements for not only safety and efficacy, but also related to identity, strength, quality, purity, and potency. Scientific tests and procedures are undertaken to demonstrate generic drugs can be substituted or be the therapeutic equivalent to their brand-drugs counterparts. Generic drug products must contain the identical amounts of the same active drug ingredient as the brand-name product, but can differ in shape, flavor, preservatives, and other inactive ingredients, along with how they are "released" into the body (especially for extended-release products).  Yes, they can, so it is very important that you always check with your doctor, health-care provider, or pharmacist before taking them. If they approve, make sure you list them on your personal medication list. This list should be with you at all times, and you should show it to your pharmacist every time you pick up medication. If you have any questions about drug interactions, get to know your pharmacist; you will be glad you did!  ... Some medications have to be taken on an empty stomach because it helps the medication dissolve and get into your bloodstream quicker. Certain medications need to be taken around the same time every day so you have a consistent level in your bloodstream and body. A good example of this is blood pressure medications -- you should take your dose at the same time each day so you benefit from the medication. If you ever have any questions about how to take your medications, ask your pharmacist. ...  ... We are encouraging everyone to use a personal medication record which is a list of all your medications, including over the counter, vitamins, and herbals. You should bring this to every health-care provider visit and show your pharmacist. You can download a template at http://www.pharmacist.com/pmr and also at the FDA web site at http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/ResourcesForYou/ucm079489.htm .  I would like to know why you decided to stop taking your medications and does your doctor or health-care provider know? This is very risky and it is important that you understand that with some medications, you should not just stop them abruptly because you felt like it. Nor is it wise to just "start them up" again when you feel like it. I would strongly recommend that you call your doctor and let them know what you did. They may want to see you for further evaluation and gradually ease you back onto your medications.  There are specific laws in place that do not allow this type of information to be shared with the "common world." You should be aware of the fact that if you don't share this information with the pharmacist, who is a health-care provider, you are putting yourself at risk of drug interactions and adverse effects. We don't know all of the medications, OTCs, vitamins, and herbals you are taking and one thing that many do not know is how they may cause a dangerous drug interaction. I went through six years of school focusing on that and protecting you! Talk to your pharmacist; it may actually save your life.  It is not safe to give your child expired medication -- even if it is prescription or over-the-counter. Your child may be put at risk for having an allergic reaction to the medication breaking down and the medicine may not even work. It is not worth it, especially if it costs you a trip to the hospital. You should go through all of your medications once a year. Make sure you get those vitamins and over-the-counters as well. The process is really easy for disposal: We do not recommend flushing anymore; instead, get a zip-top bag and place the medicines in the bag. You can then add some water to the bag to help them dissolve. Next, add kitty litter or coffee grinds, zip it up, and throw it in the trash.  ... No, you cannot administer "for oral use" medications rectally because they will not work. Medications that are approved for "rectal use" (will say so right on the packaging) are specifically made in a particular way so the medication can be absorbed into your body.  ... This really depends on what type of infection and how severe it is. Typically if you have a small cut, you can wash with soap and water and then apply a triple antibiotic ointment. If the infection on the skin appears red, warm to the touch, painful, or oozing, you will need to see your health-care provider. Skin infections can be very difficult to treat and can require prescription antibiotics if not taken seriously.  Sudafed is an over-the-counter (OTC) nasal and sinus decongestant that contains the active ingredient pseudoephedrine. Although safe and effective if used as directed, it has been placed behind the counter because of its potential for misuse and abuse. Federal regulations require states track products containing pseudoephedrine as a means to curb improper use.  The number of online pharmacies has multiplied in recent years. At the same time, it's becoming more difficult to determine whether a website selling prescription medications is legitimate, yet it is increasingly important for our safety that we do so. If you purchase your medications online, take steps to protect yourself. Avoid online pharmacies that: Don't require a prescription Dispense drugs based solely on a questionnaire Don't have a phone number or street address Don't allow you to consult with a pharmacist Offer non-FDA-approved drugs Only purchase medications from pharmacies that have been deemed safe and are recommended by the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy. On its site you'll also find a list of pharmacies to avoid .  Look for patient assistance programs. NeedyMeds.org has information on thousands of programs, more than 10,000 free, low-cost or sliding scale clinics, drug discount coupons, and nearly 1,000 application assistance programs, which help consumers navigate the confusing application process. RXAssist.org offers a database of pharmaceutical company programs.  Look for patient assistance programs. NeedyMeds.org has information on thousands of programs, more than 10,000 free, low-cost or sliding scale clinics, drug discount coupons, and nearly 1,000 application assistance programs, which help consumers navigate the confusing application process. RXAssist.org offers a database of pharmaceutical company programs.  If you're buying a new insurance policy it must include drug coverage. That's the law.  The U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) offers a mental health locator and a substance abuse facility locator to connect you with services in your area.  It's unlikely your insurance plan will cover the cost of the same prescription in two places within the same general time frame. If you have some other type of pharmacy discount card, however, you may use that to pay for one of the prescriptions as long as it isn't at all connected with your insurance plan. But it's always best to check with your insurance policy to confirm the specific rules of your plan.  Although you'll have to wait until the next open enrollment period comes around in October, you can change Part D drug plans. You should at least shop your options to see if you can find one that better covers your medications costs.  I also have been on antidepressants (numerous combinations) for coming on 28 years now. I normally would go through a needed med adjustment once every 3 to 7 years but now I am longer is benefitting from any of the normal drug combinations, MAOI's and even had shock treatment with no results. The only think I discorded was that when I took my ADD med's I would feel better for a hour or so. But there has to be some better way of having the will to life then getting happy off of my Addrell. Is there any hope for someone who has who has reached this point? because if I have a chose of living to be 80 felling like this then I would rather live 10 years happy on the Addrell and die earlier.  When it comes to medication, what you dont know can definitely hurt you. Almost half of all Americans regularly take at least one prescription drug, and half of older patients take three or more, according to a report released in 2004 by the National Center on Health Statistics. But doctors dont always communicate critical information about the medications they prescribe. And prescription drug misuse is a growing problem, contributing to thousands of deaths each year. According to recommendations from the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ), always ask: The name of the medication, and whether the drug is a trade medication or generic Why the drug is being prescribed How, when, and how long to take the medication The drugs possible adverse side effects and what to do if they occur When to expect the medication to work, and how to tell if it is working If any foods, herbal supplements, and other medications should be avoided while taking the drug  what is the name brand for docetaxel?  WHAT IS THE BRAND NAME OF DOCETAXEL  It depends on the test thats being used  methylphenidate is related to amphetamines. You should bring your prescription for methylphenidate to your drug test, or a doctors note, to verify that you take methylphenidate for medical reasons.  Yes, it is OK to take Adderall with Lexapro or Prozac. Both Adderall and SSRIs, like Prozac and Lexapro, increase your levels of serotonin, a chemical in your brain that affects your mood. Taking them together can increase these levels too much, and your doctor should be monitoring you for severe changes in your mood, heart rate, and blood pressure. If monitored properly, you should be fine.  XR indicates that it is extended release, meaning the medication is slowly released into your system. This is used to either maintain steady drug levels throughout the day, or to make the medicine work for a longer period of time.  Whenever you have prescriptions filled, your pharmacist will screen for potentially dangerous drug interactions, which is why it is very important to have all your prescriptions filled at the same pharmacy. There are no significant interactions reported for the three medications.  Emotional outbursts can occur in people taking Adderall and citalopram. If your daughter is having outbursts or experiencing any other changes in her mood or behavior, she should consult her healthcare professional.  Strattera may decrease the lisinopril and HCTZs ability to lower your blood pressure, as it may cause high blood pressure as a side effect. With proper monitoring of your blood pressure, your doctor should be able to manage it. It is important to have regular follow-ups with your doctor so he/she can monitor your condition and to have all your prescriptions filled at the same pharmacy so all the proper screenings can occur.  There are a few ADHD medications classified as non-stimulants  Intuniv and Strattera are two of these. Before you combining medications to treat a condition, you should really talk to your healthcare professional, as everyones condition is different. If a non-stimulant medication was prescribed to you, I would want to be sure the prescriber was aware of the fact that you are already taking Vyvanse. If one medication is not treating your symptoms adequately, you should talk to your healthcare provider about your options.  If you take medication for high blood pressure and cholesterol, there are some cold medicines you want to avoid. Depending on how well your blood pressure is controlled, and the rest of your medical history, it may be best to avoid decongestant medications that contain phenylephrine or pseudoephedrine. These can increase blood pressure and heart rate in some people who are sensitive. Before taking any over-the-counter cold medicine, you should talk to your pharmacist, who can collect more specific information about you and your medications and make the best recommendation for you.  It depends. Almost all the night-time cold medicines contain medications that can make you drowsy. Adding a benzodiazepine to that could make someone excessively drowsy. Without more specific information about which medications you are referring to, I would have to refer you to your personal pharmacist. He/she has your personal medical information and can help you best.  You have to be careful when mixing over-the-counter cold medicines. As a pharmacist, I tend to tell my patients to avoid products that treat multiple symptoms and contain several ingredients. When you use these products, you often end up taking something for a symptom you do not have. Also, you may end up taking too much of one type of ingredient if you mix products. I do not know what cold medicine you took, or if that medicine contained a cough suppressant. Therefore, I could not tell you if it was OK to use dextromethorphan with it. I suggest you take the products to a pharmacist who can review them with you to make sure you do not overdo it.  It really would depend on the seizure medication. Acetaminophen does not generally interact with any seizure medication. But without knowing specifically what medications you are referring to, I could not give you a definitive answer. You should talk to your pharmacist, who knows what prescription medications you use and can recommend an appropriate over-the-counter pain reliever.  Tessalon is a prescription cough suppressant. It can cause some drowsiness, so you should avoid other medications that can make you drowsy. And since it is a cough suppressant, you should probably avoid other cough suppressants, such as dextromethorphan. If you are worried about other specific drug interactions, you should talk to your pharmacist who knows all the medications you take and can help you further.  You should not mix over-the-counter cold medicines without talking to your pharmacist to ensure you do not take medications that interact.  Yes, as long as the vapors do not cause irritation and cause them to have difficulty breathing.  Acetaminophen and ibuprofen are the two best over-the-counter fever relievers. You should check with your pharmacist to determine the proper dose for the patient. Also, keep in mind that most fevers occur due to some sort of infection. So it is usually recommended that you see your doctor if you are running a fever.  Yes. Most over-the-counter cold medications are safe to take with Zoloft. You should check with your pharmacist, who can recommend the best product for you that will help your specific symptoms and not interact with your prescription medications.  No. Over-the-counter cold medicines will not affect the effectiveness of birth control pills.  Most cold medications are safe to use with thyroid hormone. The only ones that I would caution you about are the decongestants, like pseudoephedrine and phenylephrine. These could increase your heart rate and cause you to feel like you have too much thyroid hormone in your body. I suggest you talk to you pharmacist before taking any over-the-counter cold medicine so he/she can make certain it does not interact with your medication or your condition.  To answer your question, I really would need to know more specific information about which medications you are referring to. In general, people with hypothyroidism and high blood pressure are advised to avoid decongestant medications that contain phenylephrine or pseudoephedrine because these medications can raise blood pressure and cause a rapid heartbeat in some patients. Ask your pharmacist which cold medicine would be right for your specific symptoms and with your current medications.  There are no dangerous interactions between codeine and acetaminophen or ibuprofen. The two can be used together.  Yes. Robitussin is safe to take with Lexapro. I suggest you talk to a pharmacist who can recommend a product that is safe to take with Lexapro; one that can treat your specific symptoms if the Robitussin doesnt work.  Yes. You can use cold medicines while taking birth control pills. There are no interactions to be concerned about. Check with your pharmacist to make sure that the medicines you choose are right for you.  Most over-the-counter cold and flu medications are considered safe to use for the short term while breastfeeding. Pain relievers like acetaminophen and ibuprofen, antihistamines, and decongestants are all considered safe. However, they should only be taken if absolutely necessary. If you have to choose a cold and flu medication to use while breastfeeding, it is wise to choose short-acting products over long-acting versions, and to try and take the medication right after youve breastfed. Also, topical versions (like nasal sprays) may be safer choices than oral versions of decongestants. Always check with your pharmacist or physician before taking an over-the-counter medication while breastfeeding.  "DM" refers to one of the ingredients on the cough medicine. It stands for dextromethorphan, which is a cough suppressant often used to quiet a dry, annoying cough.  No. Whooping cough should not be self-treated with over-the-counter medications. If whooping cough is suspected, the person needs to be seen immediately by a physician and receive antibiotic therapy. Whooping cough is dangerous, especially in infants, so it is important to seek medical attention promptly if whooping cough is suspected.  You should call the poison hotline any time someone takes a medication that is not intended for them. The universal poison control number is 800-222-1222. They will be able to provide you with advice on how to handle the situation. You should keep all of your prescriptions out of the reach of children, and store medications for different people in the household in different areas to avoid mix-ups.  First, you need to be sure the licorice contains licorice. Many candies widely sold (like Twizzlers and black jelly beans) do not contain any real licorice. Real black licorice, taken from the licorice plant, contains a substance that can affect blood pressure and cause liver toxicity and cardiovascular problems if taken in high amounts. Real black licorice candy is best avoided in people with heart disease, but licorice-flavored candies will not be a problem.  To provide you with the best advice, I would need to know more about your husbands medical history and current symptoms. In general, decongestants that contain pseudoephedrine would be safe considering his medications. As far as the cough goes, it would depend on the type of cough he has. If it is a loose cough, it would be safe for him to use guaifenesin, an expectorant, to help him bring up the phlegm thats making him cough. Guaifenesin would not interact with is medications. I suggest you talk to your pharmacist who can collect more specific information from you and make the best recommendation.  It is safe for your son to use Clean & Clear Advantage while taking doxycycline for his acne. The Clean & Clear system contains two medications to treat acne  salicylic acid and benzoyl peroxide. When he first starts using these medications, he may notice that his skin is dry and red. If the dryness and redness is bothersome, or if it persists, he should discontinue the Clean & Clear and talk to his dermatologist about what is best to use for his acne.  There are many things that can cause swelling below the knee, known as edema. It is usually a result of fluid retention, and can be caused by several different health conditions. Cyclosporine has been associated with causing edema in less than 2% of the people that take it. I suggest you contact the prescriber and notify him/her of your father's swelling. They can tell you how best to handle it, considering his past medical history.  There are many over-the-counter medications available for cold sores. Most of them treat the pain and discomfort of a cold sore with anesthetics. There is one product available that speeds up the healing process for cold sores called Abreva, which contains docosanol. This medication, when applied several times throughout the day at the first sign of a cold sore, can reduce the time the cold sore lasts. I suggest you talk to your pharmacist who can help you find a remedy for your particular situation.  It is always important to check with your pharmacist before taking any over-the-counter medications. He or she knows your medical history and can provide more personalized recommendations. Coricidin HBP is a line of cold medications that do not contain any decongestants, like phenylephrine or pseudoephedrine, which can raise blood pressure in some people. It is important to understand that this line of products will not treat congestion. It will only help with runny nose and cough, depending on which formula you buy. The ingredients in Coricidin HBP can be found in other products, as well. So ask your pharmacist about the most economical way to treat your cold symptoms.  Most antihistamines are safe to use with medications for high blood pressure. But I would avoid the ones that also contain a decongestant, as these may raise blood pressure. I would need to know which medications you take in order to provide a more precise answer. You should talk to your pharmacist before taking any over-the-counter medications, especially if you have high blood pressure.  Many medications are formulated in a special way to slowly release the medication over time. Some of these formulations may result in a "shell" being passed through the stool. The shell appears to be a whole tablet. But normally the shell has been rendered empty of the medication. It really depends on what medication you are referring to in order for me to tell you if it is normal and expected. I suggest you ask your pharmacist if the medication you are using could lead to the expulsion of shells in your stool.  You should not use Sudafed if you are taking Allegra-D. They both contain decongestants and you will likely experience more severe side effects from combining the two. Side effects common with decongestants include rapid heartbeat, jitters, insomnia, loss of appetite, and increased blood pressure. Sudafed is safe to take with Rhinocort and allergy eye drops. But if you are still congested while taking Allegra-D, I would suggest you talk to your doctor to figure out how best to manage your allergies and congestion.  It is not recommended to take medications past their expiration dates. Expiration dates are used on medications to ensure that the medication is being used at its highest quality, and many medications can lose potency over time. In some instances taking a medication past its expiration date will not hurt you, but it may not work as well.  It depends on which antihistamine and which cold mediation you are referring to. Many cold medications come in combinations. And many formulations already contain an antihistamine. So it's really important to know which medications you want to use. Always consult your pharmacist before using an over-the-counter medication. They can help you find just the right one for you.  Postnasal drip from a cold is best treated with first-generation antihistamines (such as diphenhydramine, chlorpheniramine, or brompheniramine) and pseudoephedrine. This combination has been shown to effectively dry up the drip, and relieve the cough and sore throat that can occur from the drip. You should talk to your pharmacist to review all your symptoms, and find the right over-the-counter products to treat them all.  Over-the-counter antihistamines are safe to take if you use Lexapro. But I suggest you use one that does not cause drowsiness. Antihistamines can cause drowsiness, which can be more pronounced in someone taking a medication like Lexapro. Always ask your pharmacist before using an over-the-counter medication to ensure it is safe for you.  There are several options available over the counter to treat allergy symptoms for a 10-year-old. Loratadine and cetirizine are the two newest OTC antihistamines available. The advantage to these medications is that they work for a full 24 hours and you only need to take them once a day. Cetirizine, found in Zyrtec, tends to cause a bit more drowsiness than loratadine, which is found in Claritin. You should talk to your daughter's pediatrician if she is having severe allergies to ensure an over-the-counter antihistamine is appropriate for her at this time.  I would assume you are using all of these medications to lower blood pressure. It is quite common for someone to require several blood pressure medications to reach their blood pressure goal. I would need more information as to what specifically you are concerned about to help you further. I do not recognize any dangers in taking those four medications.  To answer your question, I would need to know which medications you take for heart failure, and how severe your heart failure is. Vicodin and other narcotic pain relievers can cause breathing difficulties if you take too much. People with congestive heart failure, who often already have breathing difficulties, may be more prone to that side effect. In reference to your question about specific drug interactions, I would need a list of your medications to answer that question. I suggest you talk to your pharmacist, who has a list of all your current medications, and can discuss the potential for drug interactions with you.  While there are many ways to save money on expensive medications, buying them online from a foreign pharmacy is not one that I would suggest. While you can safely buy medications online, you can only do so from a trusted, verified site. Websites that carry the VIPPS seal, which stands for verified Internet pharmacy practice site, are reputable, safe sites that sell medications online. Also, many pharmacies have discount cards available and generic medication programs that can help patients save money. Talk to your doctor or pharmacist to ensure you are taking the least expensive versions of all your medications, and switch to generics wherever possible. While shopping around for the cheapest price may seem like a good idea, it is strongly advised that you have all your medications filled at one pharmacy, so your pharmacist can properly screen for potential drug interactions.  Sometimes. You would need to contact the companies or do research on their web sites to find out if they have any patient-assistance programs. You should also talk with your doctor and pharmacist to see if there are any acceptable generic substitutes that can help you save money on your prescriptions. There are many ways you can reduce your out-of-pocket costs for medications. But you need to discuss it with your health-care professionals who can help you.  All medications carry some risk of side effects. Side effects of Toprol-XL include dizziness, drowsiness, dry mouth, nausea, constipation, and depression. Signs of serious side effects are shortness of breath or wheezing, changes in your heartbeat, and swelling of the feet and hands. It is safe to take Toprol-XL with lisinopril? There are no dangerous drug interactions.  If your husband is experiencing pain and fatigue that is new and unusual, he should be examined by his doctor to make sure everything is OK and his diabetes is being managed appropriately. A basic multivitamin is usually OK to take. ... Also, you should make sure he is eating a healthy and well-balanced diet that contains fruits and vegetables. This is the best way to get all your vitamins and minerals.  They are the same drug. They both contain the active ingredient propranolol in an extended-release capsule.  There are no dangerous interactions between atenolol and Viagra. However, you should discuss your erectile dysfunction with your doctor as it may be a sign of other conditions.  Zetia and Lipitor are different types of medications that work differently to lower cholesterol. But only you and your doctor can decide which one is the best for you. If you are concerned about the medication you are taking, talk to your doctor about your concerns and he or she may decide to switch your medication.  No. If it has been determined that your husband needs testosterone replacement therapy, only prescription forms are considered safe and effective and are approved by the FDA.  Most medications are good for about a year after you get them from the pharmacy, that is, if they are stored properly away from direct heat or light, and in a cool, dry place. I do not recommend keeping medication longer than a year because passing time increases the likelihood that mistakes can be made while taking it. If you havent used the lorazapam in years, most likely you don't need it. So I would recommend discarding it. The best way to dispose of medication is through a local drug take-back program. Or mix the pills with an undesirable substance -- like kitty litter or used coffee grounds -- wrap it all up, and throw it away. Flushing medications down the toilet is not recommended.  The three most common medications for erectile dysfunction are Viagra, Cialis, and Levitra. There are currently no generic versions of any of them.  Zoloft is a member of the class of medications known as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors.  Yes, as long as your doctor has determined it is safe for you to engage in sexual activity.  Yes. It is safe if handled correctly.  If your father is having prostate problems, it is very important that he see a health-care professional for an examination and evaluation. There are no over-the-counter treatments for prostate problems. While there are supplements that are marketed for prostate health, none of them are approved by the FDA or recognized to be safe and effective if someone is not properly diagnosed. I suggest you look for a free health clinic for your father so he can receive a proper examination. Check out this website: http://findahealthcenter.hrsa.gov/ .  It is safe to take these medications together. But if she is having bad side effects from the combination, you should discuss it with her doctor. At 89 years old, her body uses medications differently than a younger person, and she is much more susceptible to side effects and toxicities.  The medications for erectile dysfunction, like Viagra, are safe to take with enalapril. There are no drug interactions to be concerned about. But you should take those medications only under the care and advice of a health-care professional.  Grapefruit juice contains enzymes that can interact with certain medications like simvastatin by slowing down your bodys ability to metabolize them. This means it will take longer for your body to get rid of the simvastatin when you drink grapefruit juice, which can potentially lead to having too much simvastatin in your body. This can lead to more side effects, like muscle pains. This interaction does not happen with all the statins. For instance, there is no interaction between grapefruit juice and pravastatin, found in Pravachol.  Losing 30 pounds can affect your cholesterol. So you should see your doctor for some blood work. Some people lose enough weight so they no longer need blood pressure or cholesterol medications. But only your doctor can determine when its time to stop taking your medications.  No. There are no effective over-the-counter diuretics. If you are experiencing water retention, you should see your health-care professional for an examination. Water retention could be a sign of other conditions that should be checked out by a doctor  While there is some evidence that statins can affect blood sugar, the benefits of the medications usually outweigh the risks. The effect on blood sugar is minimal. If you are concerned about your blood sugar or the medications you are taking, you should talk to your health-care professional.  No. It is unlikely to cause significant harm. You may notice some dizziness due to extra low blood pressure, though.  They should not affect the efficacy of each other. There are no significant interactions reported between these two medications, except that when taking Bactrim, you are more likely to experience high potassium levels, which is a side effect of enalapril. If you are concerned about drug interactions, you should talk to your doctor or pharmacist, who can help you sort through your concerns.  The three OTC pain relievers available are acetaminophen, ibuprofen, and naproxen. None of these interacts with amlodipine. So any of them would be considered safe to use for short-term management of pain or fever. Ibuprofen and naproxen, when taken chronically for pain, can raise blood pressure. In this case, acetaminophen would be best. There is more to consider in finding the right pain reliever than just the other medications you take. I would suggest you talk to your pharmacist, who can evaluate your entire situation and help you find the best pain reliever for your needs.  Zyrtec does not have any significant interactions with blood pressure medications. So it should be fine to take for managing your allergies. You should talk to your pharmacist, who can provide a full assessment of your situation and help determine if Zyrtec is best choice for you.  There are no significant interactions between these two medications. Your pharmacist should check all of your medications for drug interactions when you have your prescriptions filled. So as long as you have your prescriptions filled at the same pharmacy each time (which I suggest you do), they will be screened for dangerous interactions.  Aspirin can be taken with lisinopril/HCTZ. There are no significant interactions to be concerned about. You should always talk to your pharmacist before taking any over-the-counter medications to make sure they are safe to take with any current medical conditions and medications.  We have recently published a paper on this topic. It may be found by going to PubMed, and searching: "DOMINION." )You may also type in "Stacy, M" - if you would like additional information. In the DOMINION trial, we interviewed almost 3,000 patients with PD, and found compulsive spending, gambling, sexual behavior, and eating to be in 13.6 of the PD population. While we were not able to make any assumptions about risk factors, these behaviors are associated with advancing PD, and increasing dosages of levodopa or dopamine agonists (pramipexole or ropinirole). Treatment is intially reducing PD medications - usually the dopamine agonist. I would advise you to call your Neurologist today, and ask for some direction on how to reduce the appropriate medication.  I do not know know why UTI are so common in PD, but do not believe it is from the PD or the medications. I believe it is from a tendency to dehydration. With declining mobility, fluid tends to pool in the legs during the day, and at night when the fluid shifts higher in the body to the body, it is more easily filtered by the kidneys. So -- you quit drinking enough fluid, to keep from being up all the time. This leads decreased frequency of urination. Urination will clear small amounts of bacteria, and without that, infection is more likely. Hallucinations occur from a number of causes - UTI being one of them. Also medications can cause this problem. I try to reduce medications in the order of most likely to least likely. My criteria are potential for side effects vs. potential for motor benefit -- and it is not an exact science: 1) Artane or Cogentin. 2) Amantadine. 3) Selegiline. 4) Rasagiline. 5) Pramipexole or Ropinirole. 6) Entacapone. 7) Levodopa. I would not want to stop levodopa, and would likely start a medicine for hallucinations before that. The two most commonly suggested in the US are quetiapine or clozapine.  There are no IV [intravenous] PD formulations available in the United States, but IV lisuride and apomorphine are available in Europe. In addition there is a levodopa gel that may be pumped into the stomach from a small feeding tube. Better options may be PD medications that dissolve in the mouth. "Parcopa" or carbidopa/levodopa ODT is equivalent to swallowed versions of levodopa. Zydis-selegiline is the same as selegiline. Apomorphine may also be injected just under the skin up to 6 times per day.  Potassium supplements should not interfere with PD medications. However, too high or too low levels of potassium may produce neurological symptoms or potentially make PD symptoms a bit worse. If you are concerned about this, a simple blood test by your doctor can make sure your potassium is in the right range.  Drug metabolism is the process by which the body breaks down medications. The liver plays a major role in metabolism, especially a group of enzymes known as cytochrome P-450. Drug interactions can occur when two or more drugs inhibit or induce a P-450 reaction and the drugs do not metabolize as quickly as they should. Nicotine is a "drug" also, and is known to induce the P-450 system. Individuals with liver disease may also have insufficient levels of P-450 enzymes. The result is that drug levels can remain high in the bloodstream and cause more side effects. Genetic factors also play a role in drug metabolism. The metabolic rate can vary significantly from person to person, and drug dosages that work quickly and effectively in one individual may not work well for another or cause build-up and more side effects. Infants and elderly patients have a reduced abilty to metabolize certain drugs, so we often adjust their med dosage. But we find that people with FM [fibromyalgia] seem to act like "geriatric patients" in terms of sensitivity to meds and side effects (and metabolism?) and often require lower doses than the "normal" non-FM adult. Certain foods, such as grapefruit juice, and certain meds taken on an occasional basis can inactivate or lessen the metabolic activity of P-450s, and can cause apparent fluctuations in response/tolerence to regular prescribed meds. We with fibro always seem to develop tolerances and intolerances to meds that we previously did well with, which is frustrating to say the least. So there are different metabolism, tolerance and intolerance factors that can cause us to have "reactions" to our meds. ...  Alas, the FDA has not yet approved any testosterone for women's use for libido, despite a significant number of studies showing it to be helpful (one of the studies has a really cool name, the "APHRODITE" study!). Testosterone patches for women have been approved in England and Europe. So in the U.S., gynecologists have to do things in a somewhat roundabout manner. One is to have it compounded by a compounding pharmacy. The other is to use one of the male products, in a much lower dose -- and what your gynecologist suggested is quite in line with what many of us do. I wouldn't use it at the standard dose for guys! But the dose he is suggesting is quite reasonable. Just one thing to keep in mind: With any libido medicine, it may take up to three months to see a significant response -- so as long as you are not suffering any adverse effects (like facial hair -- or other "masculinizing" effects) -- give it a three-month trial.  a  The key is to get the cause of the weight loss under control which it sounds like have started to do.  Abnormal cholesterol levels are a risk factor for cardiovascular disease (heart attacks and strokes). Although many people with high cholesterol will never develop cardiovascular disease, its impossible to accurately predict who will and who wont. The first treatment for anyone with abnormal and potentially unhealthy cholesterol levels (dyslipidemia) is to make healthy lifestyle changes. This means exercise most days of the week, eat a heart-healthy diet, and do not smoke. For people at average risk, these actions together are effective at preventing heart attack and stroke. However, most people with dyslipidemia find it difficult to improve their cholesterol numbers into the normal range with lifestyle changes alone. And LDL or bad cholesterol levels tend to rise with age. The question of whether to treat dyslipidemia with a cholesterol medication, like a statin, is complex and depends on your expected risk for heart disease, as well as your own preferences. If youve already had a heart attack or stroke, lowering high cholesterol is extremely important to help prevent another one. Only you and your doctor can decide if long-term treatment for dyslipidemia is the best option for you.  Currently, there are no cures or vaccines for the herpes simplex virus. However, avoiding precipitating factors, such as sunburn and stress, can help prevent additional outbreaks. There are established treatments available to help decrease healing time, reduce pain associated with the lesion, and in specific cases, suppress the recurrence of the virus. Nondrug therapy: Frequent hand washing will help reduce the spread of the virus to other parts of the body or to other people. Also, applying cool, moist compresses to the lesion may decrease pain and keep the lesion from drying and cracking. Over-the-counter (OTC) topical medications: Most topical OTC products provide symptomatic relief only; they do not decrease healing time. Using topical anesthetics that contain benzocaine (5%-20%), lidocaine (0.5%-4%), tetracaine (2%), or dibucaine (0.25%-1%) will help relieve burning, itching, and pain. The most commonly recommended products are Lipactin gel and Zilactin. It is important to keep in mind that these topical anesthetics have a short duration of action, usually only lasting 20-30 minutes. Skin protectants, such as allantoin, petrolatum, and dimethicone-containing products help keep the lesion moist and prevent cracking of the lesion. Sunscreen-containing lip balms may also help prevent additional outbreaks if the sun is a precipitating factor. For additional pain relief, using aspirin, ibuprofen (Advil), or acetaminophen (Tylenol) may be beneficial. These products should be used according to package directions. Docosanol 10% cream (Abreva) is the only OTC topical product that is known to decrease healing time when applied at the first sign of recurrence (for example, the prodrome or tingling sensation). Docosanol is applied five times per day until the lesion is healed. Common side effects include rash and itching at the site of application. Prescription-strength topical medications: Treatment with topical acyclovir (Zovirax 5% cream) or penciclovir (Denavir 1% cream) will reduce healing time by approximately half a day and decrease pain associated with the lesion. Topical treatment is limited in its effectiveness because it has poor penetration to the site of replication of the virus, and therefore is restricted in its healing ability. Acyclovir cream should be applied five times per day for four days, and penciclovir cream should be applied every two hours while awake for four days. In August 2009, the FDA approved a cream containing acyclovir and a topical steroid, which reduces healing time by approximately one day. Oral prescription-strength medications: The current FDA-approved oral antiviral medications used in the treatment of herpes simplex virus in adults are acyclovir, valacyclovir (Valtrex), and famciclovir (Famvir). Famciclovir has not been tested in children with cold sores. These oral medications have been shown to decrease the duration of the outbreak, especially when started during the prodrome (symptom onset before the actual condition becomes fully evident). The medications are generally well tolerated with few side effects. Most common side effects include headache, nausea, and diarrhea. Treatment is only for one day with valacyclovir and famciclovir. Valacyclovir is given as 2 grams orally every 12 hours for one day, and famciclovir is given as 1,500 milligrams orally for one dose. Acyclovir is given as 400 mg orally five times per day for five days. Acyclovir, valacyclovir, and famciclovir are considered relatively safe and effective when used in pregnancy, although topical treatment would be preferred when appropriate. Acyclovir and valacyclovir have been used while breastfeeding. However, pregnant women and nursing mothers should contact their physician or pharmacist prior to using any medication. People who have more than two outbreaks in four months, which significantly affect their daily lives, should consider chronic suppressive therapy. The FDA has approved the use of oral valacyclovir daily to prevent recurrence of the herpes simplex virus in people with normal immune systems and famciclovir in people with suppressed immune systems. Other treatment options: Lysine supplements, citrus bioflavonoids, lactobacillus acidophilus and bulgaricus, and vitamins C, E, and B12 have also been identified in the potential treatment of herpes simplex virus. However, there is no good clinical evidence to support these treatments, and they are not recommended.  Just a few of the many dangerous effects of drug use in adolescents include: Drugs of any kind decrease teens' ability to pay attention. The younger a person is when they begin using drugs the more likely they are to develop a substance-abuse problem and the more likely they are to relapse into drug abuse when trying to quit. Juveniles who use drugs are more likely to have unprotected sex, sex with a stranger, as well as to engage in sexual activity at all. Substance use can cause or mask other emotional problems, like anxiety, depression, mood swings, or hallucinations (for example, hearing or seeing things). Either of those illnesses can result in death by suicide or homicide. Anabolic steroids have been associated with impotence in boys and men, clitoral enlargement in girls and women, as well as baldness, stunted growth, heart attacks, strokes, liver disease, cancer, acne and infections, including HIV/AIDS in both sexes. Depending on how the body takes in and processes each kind of drug, substances of abuse can affect virtually every one of the body's systems. Examples of this include permanent brain damage associated with inhalants, heart attack or stroke from stimulants, halted breathing from sedatives. Any of these problems can result in death.  Methadone is used both for treating pain and for treating narcotic addiction. In order to prescribe it to treat addiction, the physician must have special certification from the DEA (Drug Enforcement Administration). However, any licensed physician may prescribe methadone to treat pain. Methadone is a very effective drug for treating chronic pain. However, it has unique characteristics that separate it from the other pain pills, which has prompted warnings from the FDA. The FDA has noted that the pain relief from methadone lasts about 4-8 hours, but the drug's elimination from the body is much slower, taking up to a week. This means that if you rapidly increase your methadone dose, the methadone can accumulate in the body with the risk of stopping breathing. Further, methadone is associated with abnormalities in heart rhythm, potentially leading to death. In addition, the breakdown of methadone in the liver is very complex, and interactions with the metabolism of other drugs can lead to changes in the blood level of both the methadone and the other drugs. Finally, methadone is secreted in breast milk and can be passed on to nursing infants.  Prolonged, appropriate, use of any opioid, including OxyContin, for a legitimate medical purpose can lead to a situation where you might undergo withdrawal if you stop the medication. This situation should not be considered "addiction." It is a normal response to the use of the medication. There are many medications we use which should be tapered off (slowly discontinued) when no longer required. For example, if you are on steroids, certain high blood pressure medicines, or anti-seizure medications; these drug dosages should be slowly reduced (tapered) rather than abruptly discontinuing the drug. This is a medical issue and should be handled by your prescribing doctor. In like manner, tapering off of your OxyContin is a medical issue and should be handled by your doctor in case you do have any withdrawal symptoms. There are many ways to wean off of medications. Generally, if you have time, gradually lowering the dosage of the drugs is the easiest. Rehabilitation centers tend to focus on people who are taking the medication because they have a craving for the opioids, where they give up social activities because of the opioid use and center their life around getting the drugs -- rehabilitation centers focus on people who are addicted. As a rule, people who are taking the opioids for a medical reason don't need to go to rehabilitation centers to get off the opioids. If they do, it is because they find the withdrawal symptoms to be a problem rather than that they need the support to control any desire to keep taking the medications.  ... Standard guidelines recommend a general approach of starting with lifestyle modification (eating and exercise) and then adding medications if blood sugar levels are not adequately controlled. If diabetes is newly diagnosed because a patient presents with symptoms of high blood sugar (such as excess thirst, excess urination, blurry vision, etc.) then we typically use medication immediately to bring the blood sugar closer to normal and alleviate the symptoms. Furthermore, metformin is approved to use in prediabetes to delay or prevent the onset of type 2 diabetes, and one can justify using metformin in anyone with type 2 diabetes or prediabetes. The threshold for starting medication can therefore be any point between A1c of about 5.9 to 7.0. Once the A1c is higher than 7.0 it is harder to justify delaying medication. In any case, doctors and patients need to have discussions about the benefits, risks, and drawbacks of using medications, and these benefits, risks, and drawbacks change depending on the degree of glucose control and the type of drug(s) being considered. Personally, I start to think about starting metformin if a patient cant keep the A1c below 6.5. If someone wants to use lifestyle change and weight loss to reduce medication I usually discontinue the sulfonylurea type drugs (glyburide, glipizide) if the blood sugar levels start to dip below around 70-80 mg/dL, or the A1c goes below 6.5. I like to stop the metformin once the A1c stays below 6.0 for about 3 months, provided that the patient can maintain or extend the weight loss and lifestyle changes.  One of my greatest pleasures in life is to help patients achieve remission of their type 2 diabetes. This means their blood sugar levels have become normal in the absence of any diabetes medication. Many clinicians and patients are interested in learning my views about how to go about decreasing and discontinuing diabetes medications. The main role for medications is to help reduce or delay the risk of nasty complications of diabetes, particularly the damage to the retina, kidney, nerves,and circulation. The higher the average blood sugar level, as indicated by the hemoglobin A1c level, the greater the complication risk (which increases exponentially with increasing A1c). We know from clinical trials that using medication to keep the A1c at or below 7% can help reduce the risk of these complications. There is broad agreement that clinicians should recommend starting or increasing diabetes medications to patients who cannot get their A1c level to 7% or less via lifestyle change. Many patients come to me because the A1c is already over 7%, and their primary care provider proposes increasing their diabetes medication, unless the patient can get to 7% or less with improved eating and/or exercise habits. Some of these patients are already on many pills, and insulin shots are the frequently the next appropriate treatment. Many patients would rather make the lifestyle changes than take more medication, so when the doctor frames the issue in this way, then a patient might become inspired to renew or increase the lifestyle efforts. The clinician might say let's recheck the A1c in three months, and start the new medication if it is still above 7.0%. There can be little doubt that using lifestyle changes to normalize the glucose levels and A1c is a good thing. In contrast, the strategy of driving the A1c well below 7.0% with multiple medications has little to offer most patients in terms of quality of life or reduced risk of complications. Most patients I see are already taking metformin, which is the preferred second-line treatment after lifestyle change. I typically recommend initiating it in patients with A1cs of 6.5% who cannot push it any lower via lifestyle change. For patients who are already on metformin, I do not decrease the dose unless the A1c is 6.0% or less. I might reduce the dose by half every three months, as long as the A1c stays at 6.0% or less. I stop the final 500 mg of metformin when the A1c is 6.0% or less for at least three months. Some drugs can lower the blood sugar levels below the normal range, causing symptoms of hypoglycemia. These drugs, which include insulin and those in the sulfonylurea family (which are common in patients on more than one kind of diabetes pill) need to be reduced or discontinued by the clinician as required to avoid hypoglycemia, so these are typically the first drugs to be discontinued. It is important that patients who take these medications check their blood sugar levels regularly, particularly while making lifestyle changes. Doing so lets us know the risk of future hypoglycemia and guides the decision about when to decrease or discontinue such medications. In the absence of insulin or sulfonylureas, then other drugs (such as pioglitizone) come off next. I typically wait until the A1c is 6.5% or less to propose stopping such drugs, and would not initiate or re-initiate any diabetes drugs (other than metformin as noted above) unless the A1c is above 7.0%. So, in summary, ambitious eating and exercise goals are important in all stages of diabetes, and drugs are crucially important in patients who cannot otherwise keep the A1c below 7.0%. It is clear that medications can be avoided, delayed, or discontinued when lifestyle efforts are intensified and sustained. For many (if not most) patients, lifestyle coaching by a clinician, dietitian, personal trainer, peer group, etc. can dramatically increase the odds of success.  ... There are multiple potential causes for blurry vision, and speaking with your opthalomologist sooner rather than later makes sense. Blurry vision due to high blood sugar levels is usually when glucose levels are very high, such as well over 300 mg/dl. I would not expect the recent medication change to be an obvious culprit. In any case, I'm confident your health care team can help you find the answers.  Yes, for many reasons. Today, almost half of all prescriptions in the United States are filled with generic drugs. They are less expensive and often require a lower co-pay if you have insurance, which could mean big cost savings for you. Generic drug manufacturers dont have the initial investment costs associated with development of a new drug. Original manufacturers are given a patent for their drug to protect their investment, including research, development, and marketing costs. A generic drug is not available until that patent expires, about 20 years after the patent is received. Once a generic version is available, competition helps keep costs down even more. What about effectiveness? For the most part, they are just as good as brand-name drugs. Generics have the same active ingredients; In fact, the Food and Drug Administration requires that generics be as strong as brand-name drugs and work just as quickly. They also carry the same risk of side effects. This means that, even though the shape and size of a generic pill may differ from the brand-name pill youre used to, it should work the same in the body.  There could be a couple of things going on. First, antibiotics can cause diarrhea. That diarrhea usually goes away once you stop the antibiotic. Taking probiotics may help. You can get probiotics either by eating yogurt (look for "live, active cultures" on the label) or by taking probiotic supplements. For supplements, look for these probiotics -- Saccharomyces boulardii and Lactobacillus GG -- as they may work the best. Probiotics for Diarrhea http://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/probiotics-diarrhea However, another concern is that you could have a condition called Clostridium difficile (also called C. diff), which is an infection that happens after you take antibiotics. Cipro is one of the antibiotics that more commonly causes C. diff. We see this more in people treated with antibiotics in the hospital. However, it can happen in anyone taking antibiotics. C. diff is often treated with one of the antibiotics you were on -- Flagyl. Clostridium difficile http://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/tc/clostridium-difficile-colitis-overview If you try the probiotics for 2-3 days and that doesn't get rid of the diarrhea, you need to let your doctor know as you may need other treatment. Also, if the diarrhea gets worse or you develop new symptoms, also let your doctor know.  Cough and cold medications and decongestants may cause the eyes to dilate. In general, any medication that is a stimulant may cause the eyes to dilate. While it's not particularly common, this could include ADHD medications such as Adderall or Ritalin. Of course, certain illegal drugs do this as well, such as cocaine.  There are other generic medications similar to temazepam or even other generic options that are different drugs that help with sleep, which is the reason most people take this medication. You would need to check with your doctor to see what's right for her and to make sure it's covered on your formulary.  Fentanyl is a level 2 controlled analgesic. The medication Phen- Phen was, to the best of my knownledge, was removed from the market due to side affects it caused. These are 2 VERY different medications.  Hi OK Done a lot of reading and this come up a long time ago, just try putting yourself on vitamin B 6, if it works for like others then you just need to stay on it, they say it works for all but 3 days a month. If this dose not work try some natural oils, almond oils, virgin coconut oil, old but a goodie, and that's extra virgin olive oil if your vagina can take it, or good old baby oil, if your vagina can take it, reason I say this for the last two is sometimes women get a reaction to then by keep getting yeast infections, if you do just cut them out. Me and my wife have used both over the years baby oil the most, olive oil it we get horny in the kitchen, that way its to hand same as the kitchen paper towels, never a dull moment if your having a good sex life. But there's always lots of good sex oils around, just try them till you find what's best for you. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I would get back to your doctor, the nauseous is something that needs reporting to your doctor, and the rest as well would not hurt. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sorry one thing I forgot to add this is not a quick fix, depending how improvement you think you need, your be looking at 2 to 3 years, and you need to be dedicated. Good Luck  Hi It would have been good if you sent with your question the meds your taken?  Hi, Many drugs, both prescription and illegal, can cause tooth damage. Estimates suggest that about 40 per cent of people take at least one type of medicine that could damage their teeth. Excessive fluoride can damage children's teeth. Antihistamines, aspirin, asthma medications and syrups may cause tooth damage. Illegal drugs including cocaine, crack, ecstasy, heroin and methamphetamines can damage teeth. So yes they can. Good Luck  Hi It just sounds like you have been burning the candle at both ends, and they have met, hence burn out, look take a couple of days off, relax with lots of sleep, eat well, keep of any alcohol, drink lots of water. If you can, get out in the sun, it will boost your vitamin D, its the one good thing we get from the sun, this will make you feel good. Then see how you are before you go to your doctor. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It would have been nice to know what ED drug he's using, is he by any chance taken other drugs? If so these could be his problem, some drugs do not mix well and give other side effects. If its nothing to do with other drug use, could be time he went to see a urologist, have some tests done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS Or you could go my way, as ED drugs gave me bad side effects, I'm on herbs and a hormone.  Hi Have you thought of the natural way to overcome your problem? Have a read through this link. http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/asthma.html Just copy into google to the www. to open and read Who knows? it could help. Good Luck  Hi This is from the FDA. A new ruling from the FDA offers good news and some warnings for people who take a cholesterol-lowering statin. The good newsno more periodic blood tests for liver function. The warningstaking a statin may increase the odds of developing type 2 diabetes or suffering reversible memory loss or problems thinking. The FDA warned that one statin, lovastatin, shouldnt be taken with some antibiotics, anti-fungal agents, or medications used to treat AIDS. Also have a read of this site, its very interesting. www.spacedoc.com Good Luck  Hi This is some info on MDMA. In the hours after taking the drug, MDMA produces significant reductions in mental abilities. These changes, particularly those affecting memory, can last for up to a week, and possibly longer in regular users. The fact that MDMA markedly impairs information processing emphasizes the potential dangers of performing complex or skilled activities, such as driving a car, while under the influence of this drug. Over the course of a week following moderate use of the drug, many MDMA users report feeling a range of emotions, including anxiety, restlessness, irritability, and sadness that in some individuals can be as severe as true clinical depression. Similarly, elevated anxiety, impulsiveness, and aggression, as well as sleep disturbances, lack of appetite, and reduced interest in and pleasure from sex have been observed in regular MDMA users. Some of these disturbances may not be directly attributable to MDMA, but may be related to some of the other drugs often used in combination with MDMA, such as cocaine or marijuana, or to adulterants commonly found in MDMA tablets. OK LSD Lysergic Acid Diethylamide ("LSD") is a hallucinogenic drug. I think if it was this you would know about it, you would have gone on a trip, amongst other things Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi There is some very good info here on site, here is the link to it. http://www.webmd.com/hypertension-high-blood-pressure/secondary-hypertension Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Have a look on www.spacedoc.com its not a joke site, its for real and all about cholesterol and statins, lots to read and lots of help. Good Luck  Hi The answer is yes, they will, but for shear safety you should always keep tops on drugs, saves children from getting to them, saves them from getting mixed up, but they should always be keep up high so there out of children's ways as well. That's why they sell medicine cupboards with locks on. Good LUck  Hi, OK what follows, any one of these can give him ED (erectile dysfunction). To little sleep. performance anxiety. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Smoking. Meds. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Middle-aged-spread. Self image. Low libido. His general health. Low testosterone and very high testosterone. With meds, its meds for depression, diabetes and cholesterol, these are some of the really bad ones. But at 38, a bit on the young side for ED but then it happens, and it seems its affecting men at younger ages, OK I have got a mild kind of ED, now if he can get semi erect, he could try a cock ring, they do work, I know I have one, its a hardwear ice, form myhardwearice.com. After that there are a lot of herbs and things I take, better than Viagra, as Viagra you need to take an hour before sex, get the timing wrong and you've blown 15 dollars, with the herbs and ring, he will be ready anytime you want him or should be. OK on www,franktalk.org, in general discussions look up these titles, DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE. NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS, NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED PART 2. every thing I take is there plus loads more, now its finding the ones that suit him, get the mix right and away he goes, in more ways than one, but try my list first and work away from there, something that is not on the list is simple iron tablets, its something that I have added recently, our blood is one of the things that need to be right for good erections. Franktalk is a good place for both of you to have a look around, also on pegym.com you find an ED forum again have a look around, he could try kegels, its a simple exercise, he will find these under exercise on pegym. Do hope all this helps him. Good Luck  Hi The real best thing you could do for your friend, is talk to her about what she is doing to her and if keeps going the way she is to her family as well, she needs to get on a program and counselling to kick the habit. That would be the best help you could give her. Good Luck  Hi Perhaps you need to have blood test done before you period and when your on your period, the blood test would be for hormones. Perhaps the problems stem from hormones. Sites that may help you, http://www.womentowomen.com/emotions-anxiety-mood/depression-mood-and-anxiety-disorders/ http://www.womentowomen.com/emotions-anxiety-mood/anxiety-and-worry-in-women-causes-symptoms-and-natural-relief/ http://www.helpguide.org/mental/depression_women.htm You will need to copy these into google. But these could be helpful to you, and may help you understand your problem a bit better. Have you thought of meditation to help with your problem, may be better that drugs. Do hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi, Yes. could well be the statins doing this to you, go have a very good read on this site, www.spacedoc.com its not a joke site, its for real packed with lots of info, left hand side at the top lots there and the stuff down the right hand side. Now the only thing you can try is just coming off the, may take two weeks to get back to normal, but if by the pains have gone you now know where it come from. Just google natural ways out of high cholesterol, lots of help there as well. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi In a nutshell, dementia is a symptom, and Alzheimer's is the cause of the symptom. Got this from this link below, it should answer all your questions and more. The Link ,http://www.alzheimersreadingroom.com/2010/06/whats-difference-between-alzheimers-and.html Just copy into google your see it that way. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi In a nutshell, dementia is a symptom, and Alzheimer's is the cause of the symptom. Got this from this link below, it should answer all your questions and more. The Link ,http://www.alzheimersreadingroom.com/2010/06/whats-difference-between-alzheimers-and.html Just copy into google your see it that way. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi found you this on Wikipedia In humans, induced lactation and relactation have been observed frequently in primitive cultures, and demonstrated with varying success in adoptive mothers. It appears plausible that the possibility of induction of lactation in women (or females of other species) who are not biological mothers does confer an evolutionary advantage, especially in groups with high maternal mortality and tight social bonds. The phenomenon has been also observed in most primates, in some lemurs, and in dwarf mongooses. Lactation can be induced in humans by a combination of physical and psychological stimulation, by drugs, or by a combination of those methods. Some couples may stimulate lactation outside of pregnancy for sexual purposes. Now what is above may sound a bit odd, now read this bit below The stimulation need not be intentional epidermal touching such as with finger tips, tongue or lips. Mental stimulation with normal brushing of nipples against the inside of brassiers can induce lactation. Of course it may be embarrasing, but you should not be scared. If it really bothers you, try avoiding sexual thoughts or remove focus on some one you find attractive. Wear a bra one size larger etc. Have also found you this. Lactating is linked to the hormone named "PROLACTIN". Only when that hormone is very high you can lactate. In a normal situation that hormone is high during last months of pregnancy and after the child is born...and continues to be high for the duration of breast feeding. If the PROLACTIN is high without pregnancy/child breast feeding it means that your hormonal system is out of balanced in a big way! Simple blood tests with your MD (FULL HORMONAL PANNEL blood tests) will you closer to a diagnosis. The causes of your hormonal being out of balance can be multiple and it is true (somebody mentioned) that pituitary tumor is one of them, also hypothyroidism is another one. In my practice I see a lot of women that have adrenal fatigue (do not ask you MD about it because they do not study in school such thing, only alternative practitioners) and/or hypothyroidism. The most common cause is long term stress. Untreated, it will eventually get to sterility and very early menopause. If you are talking about a pituitary tumor, there is medication and holistic (natural) way of treating it before surgery. In fact for all hormonal imbalances there are alternative natural ways of balancing. This last part come from steady health. See so it could be you just out of balance with your hormones. Interesting and do hope it helps you.. Good Luck  Hi I think it would be best to see your doctor over this problem, as its a visual thing as well as the tenderness your getting. If your not happy seeing your doctor with this take a friend, and ask she is present all the time you in with your doctor if its a man, or a women even. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Have you thought of finding (natural ways out of sexual addiction) now this last bit in brackets you can google, you may find the help you need without drugs, If your penis is still leaking precum, this could be down to a weak, penis neck muscle, kegels could help this the tighten up, its just a very simple exercise, if you go to www,pegym.com and look under exercises, on here your find some info on how to do them. Do hope this works for you. Good Luck  Hi I found this peace of info, it may help you find the answer your looking for. If your drug test has detected diluted urine, it means the creatinine level is abnormally low. Creatinine is supposed to be present in the body, usually in the amount of at least 20 mg/dL. If your level is much lower than this, your results will stand out to the lab workers, who will likely assume you have been drinking a lot of water. This is because excess fluid consumption can reduce the concentration of creatinine. In fact, if your level is close to 0, lab workers may even assume you did not urinate at all, but rather substituted water or any other liquid for your sample. Clearly, creatinine has a lot to do with your results. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It would be best for you if you come off it slowly, if your on 10mg, first week do 7.5, next week 5 next week 2.5 till your off it, this way you can keep a n=mental note on how your doing, and the same after your off it. It would be the best way for you to go. And if you can, keep your doctor informed. Good Luck  Hi and welcome to the world of male patient baldness, that's it wave goodbye, and perhaps even cry a little. Now's the time you think of two things, you can either move your parting down to just above you ear, and comb it all over the top, but I do think when you see these guys they do look a bit sad, or just do the manly thing and have your hair cut short. You could try some of these sprays, and spray it back in. But one last thing, it wont grow back, sorry. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This link is from the NHS on the side effects of your drug. High cholesterol is one of them, and if you go down further your also find vaginal bleeding is another, now this cant be doing you any good, health wise. Have you seen a gyno over your problem of the bleeding? If no then you should. http://www.nhs.uk/medicine-guides/pages/MedicineSideEffects.aspx?condition=Breast%20cancers&medicine=Letrozole&preparation = Just copy this link into google to open and read. Before you go and think of statins, go have a good read around www.spacedoc.com lots of info all about how statins are not that good for you. But if you can get off Letrozol that could be better for you all round, and see how your breast cancer is doing. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just found your question, Have a good read on this link to earthclinic, see how you get on, you never know something there could help you. The Link, http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/polycystic_ovary_syndrome.html Just copy into google to open and read, if need just the first bit. Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi You cant do it that way unless you have the eggs implanted, twins are just a freak of nature, you either get identical twins, which is a split egg, or just twins which is from two eggs sometimes released over two days or by two eggs coming down together. But never by drugs. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sorry forgot to say, Have a read of a site called www.spacedoc.com your find very interesting, its all about statins, there is reference to Red Yeast Rice and Niacin. Good Luck  Hi This piece of info may help you? tell your doctor if you are pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or are breast-feeding. Methimazole should not be used during pregnancy or breast-feeding. If you become pregnant while taking methimazole, call your doctor immediately. Methimazole may harm the fetus. So with this in mind I would not plan to get pregnant just yet. Good Luck  Hi This piece of info may help you? tell your doctor if you are pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or are breast-feeding. Methimazole should not be used during pregnancy or breast-feeding. If you become pregnant while taking methimazole, call your doctor immediately. Methimazole may harm the fetus. So with this in mind I would not plan to get pregnant just yet. Good Luck  Hi Yes it dose seem so, its a severe side effect, breast enlargement. But before you change over have a very good read on this site www.spacedoc.com you should find it very interesting, lots to read all about statins, and the things they do to people. Hope this helps you. Good Luck   Hi Yes it dose seem so, its a severe side effect, breast enlargement. But before you change over have a very good read on this site www.spacedoc.com you should find it very interesting, lots to read all about statins, and the things they do to people. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, And yes they are giving you your ED problems. Have you thought of trying to control your diabetes with a diet of the right foods, that's if you can, and that way you would be drug free. This would depend on your diabetes 2, try discussing it with your doctor as a way out of the drugs that are giving you ED. Try googling diabetes 2 diet, you should find what you looking for. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, And yes, first google natural ways out of high cholesterol, your find lots of ways so you can give up your drugs and get your sex life back. I do know one way you can try, its garlic and parsley. hers a link for it, http://www.charmainejohnson.com/the-benefits-of-parsley/ If you google garlic and parsley for cholesterol, your get more info, also have a look on www.cayennepepper.info on here you will find more info how cayenne can help. If you can get off satins, you will get your sex life back, the natural way with out drugs for that as well. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I'v come up with two things you can try one is you just google natural ways out of insomnia. The second is have a look at this its all natural ways. http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/insomnia.html Just copy this into google to the www. to open and read These thing could help him to get off the drugs, might take a few weeks to get to the right one, but he will need to go through this to get his health better in the long run. Do hope these help him and your life. Good Luck  Hi You should not take antibiotics for a cold/flu, they don't work for that kind of thing, so you should tell your mother=in=law, that she should know better being a nurse. Your clinic doctor should tell you the same thing. Do what the rest of us do, take an Aspirin go to bed and sweat it out. Good Luck  Hi, If you think that way, why are you here then? Viagra does not work for a lot of guys, me as well, for some of us it has just to many side effects, and for some guys does not even work. You also have to remember ED comes in lots of different ways, and these are just some of them. Like low testosterone along with high testosterone, low libido, watching porn and masturbating to it, even just over masturbating, I mean more than once a day, to little sleep, performance anxiety, high cholesterol and its meds, diabetes and its meds, depression and its meds, stress and its meds, anxiety and its meds, anger, middle aged spread, self image, your health. Add into this fast and junk foods and to much alcohol, all this gives you quite a jungle to work through. Will add here high testosterone, if its over the top, works just the same as low testosterone. hence e lose of erections. So were did you get you ED from. Good Luck  Hi A yeast infection, you can get anytime, its not a kind of STD, it just happens. OK if you have one then you can either go to your doctor and get meds for it, or go the sea salt way, for this its taken a warm sea salt bath a couple of times a day, for more info just google yeast infection and sea salt, you find lots of info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Just google natural ways out of anxiety, there are lots of ways you can try, and there all drug free. Do hope this helps you, lots to read. Good Luck  Hi, If like me and you really want to give up your smokes, I did it all without any aids. How I just kept cutting back over around 8 weeks till I was down to 3 a day then packed in, that was back in 1996 around March time, its a long time between smokes. Its all down to breaking bad habits, the one after each meal, those one in the car if you drive, you just need to do it slowly and you will win. Once you have got there, you never say I'm a none smoker, always class yourself as between smokes, it worked for me since 1996, and some times could kill for a smoke, and I did smoke very high nicotine smokes, French ones, do love a French smoke. So there, No Patch's, No Gimmick's just lots of self control. Look I did it, smoked from the age of 11, so if I could no it. I think you could. Good Luck  Hi If you google this, statin drugs and adversly affecting brain function, your find lots of information. If your on statins, for high cholesterol, the google natural ways out of high cholesterol, your find some useful info, and one other thing is cayenne pepper, this does not fight cholesterol on its own but what this will do is get rid of plaque in your blood, for info just go to www.cayennepepper.info And your find garlic also helps. I take cayenne pepper daily, Itake mine in tomato paste thinned with olive oil, when you first take it, mix to a heat that suits you, and after time you can increase the heat, its good for a lot of other things as you will find out. By doing this you can give up the statins, get your memory back, and get you out of any ED problems. Good Luck  Hi You could be right, but before you go off getting extra help till you have read this link. The Link, http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/high-blood-cholesterol/expert-answers/coenzyme-q10/faq-20058176 Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi the top answer makes me look a bit silly, seems I did post a first answer, it should have read something like this, but would not have had the spacedoc in it, or the link to the red yeast rice, just sorry. Hi Ok he's on statins, the go to www.spacedoc.com lots to read from a famous space doctor http://www.charmainejohnson.com/the-ben ... f-parsley/ On this site scroll down to men and parsley and just read on. http://www.cayennepepper.info/health-be ... epper.html On this site look down the left hand side, you should find what you looking for on cholestrol, and theres something on HPB, all very interesting, I do take cayenne pepper for ED. I take 3 small spoonfuls first thing every morning, how just like this. I mix CP in tomato paste and thing with olive oil, he would need to mix to a heat that suits him, over time he builds up the heat, he can also mix in the parsley and garlic in with it, I fine chop a whole head, put this in olive oil with either dried or fine copped fresh parsley, keep both in fridge, all very healthy. And there is Red yeast Rice, you need to read this link. http://www.medicinenet.com/red_yeast_rice_and_cholesterol/article.htm You can also find links to it on spacedoc, sorry more reading. Any links that dont work just copy into google. Do hope some of this helps Good Luck PS if this starts working, he may be able to drop some of the meds, your see why on spacedoc.  Hi Although your pregnant, you could try the Dash Diet, if for people with HPB and high cholesterol, but its just a good diet all round they say, could be worth a try for you, save taken extra drugs why your pregnant. Just google the Dash Diet, and see how you go with it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi A new ruling from the FDA offers good news and some warnings for people who take a cholesterol-lowering statin. The good newsno more periodic blood tests for liver function. The warningstaking a statin may increase the odds of developing type 2 diabetes or suffering reversible memory loss or problems thinking. Have a read of this site, www.spacdoc.com you may find this site of some help when it comes to statins. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi In doing some research have come up with this. Its fro drugs.com Clonazepam has been assigned to pregnancy category D by the FDA. An increased risk of congenital malformations in humans has been associated with use of all known anticonvulsant agents in the treatment of women with epilepsy. However, epilepsy itself may be associated with an increased risk of congenital malformations. Additionally, use of other benzodiazepines is associated with an increased risk in congenital malformations. Only very limited experience with the use of clonazepam during pregnancy has been reported. Some reports have suggested that clonazepam may possess less teratogenic potential than other anticonvulsants and benzodiazepines, however, there are no controlled data in human pregnancy. One report has indicated that clonazepam may cause neonatal apnea. Clonazepam should only be given during pregnancy when there are no alternatives and benefit outweighs risk. To provide information regarding the effects of in utero exposure to clonazepam, physicians are advised to recommend that pregnant patients taking clonazepam enroll in the North American Antiepileptic Drug (NAAED) Pregnancy Registry. This can be done by calling the toll free number 1-888-233-2334, and must be done by patients themselves. Information on the registry can also be found at the website http://www.aedpregnancyregistry.org/. Also read through this, its long, but lots of info. http://www.health.harvard.edu/newsletters/Harvard_Mental_Health _Letter/2008/December/Prescribing_during_pregnancy And this one. http://www.rxlist.com/klonopin-drug/warnings-precautions.htm These two last links, just copy into google to the www. To open and read, unless they stay blue. Do hope these help you. Good Luck  Hi If you can get this to work for you, google natural ways out of anxiety, your find lots of help, but just stick to one route. Get this working and you can be drug free, even better. Hope it works for you. Good Luck  Hi, Prolonged drug use can affect egg production and maturation affecting fertility levels. The chances of successful pregnancy depend on many factors (ovarian, uterine, hormonal, stress etc). You should consider getting a complete infertility work-up done for partner to see if there are any underlying causes for the infertility/inability to conceive. Do Hope this helps both of you. Good Luck  Hi, OK just go to www.pegym.com now if you read through there, and the forums, you will see that there no drugs or magic potions that will increase the size of a mans penis, but jelqing and stretching will help the most. You will find lots to read about and the exercises that go with it. With this I will put a warning, these exercises have rules, and if you don't follow these quite simple rules when working out, you could end up with ED, and that you do not want. When on site have a look at the photos of how guys are doing and how some of the more dedicated have gained, if you start I would do the same, this way you can keep a record of how your doing. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  When deciding to take a new path for treatment of any condition it is best to consider the risk(s) and benefit(s). The risks for taking magnesium are the possibility of side effects, most commonly- diarrhea. The possible benefit is reduction in symptoms- mostly pain. I have no experience or knowledge of taking magnesium specifically for fibromyalgia... I do know that fibromyalgia is a condition involving the perception of pain... magnesium effects how the nerves function - "perceive pain".  I'm a fibro sufferer also and I do take magnesium but not as a pain killer as per se, but as a relaxant for my legs cramps. I can assure you that since I've been taken it , its estremely rare for me to have those horrible nightly legs cramps.  I'm not quite sure because I started to mix my word & numbers I'm on strong pain killers daily and now on Norspan patches as well...started last May on 5 mrg and the dosage has been steadly increasing...today the doc put me on 25mrg..I don't see any difference with my writng but I noticed that when overly stressed everything increases..pain, fog, jumbling letters and numbers...so its the stress or the pain killers?..I wish I knew the right answer good luck..  First, I'm not a real fan of any of these over-the-counter or prescription meds. They usually just depress appetite short term and most of the time people develop a resistance to their effects anyway. The suppressants usually have a short life -- over the course of 24-48 hours. However, I have no idea what you're taking. There are countless appetite suppressants on the market. I'd need to know precisely what's in the ones you're taking. Most have some kind of amphetamine derivative. It is for this reason that I'm concerned that you have other health issues. Most of the appetite meds are contraindicated if you have high blood pressure or heart issues. As well, many of them adversely interact with a whole host of medications out there. Please don't be playing poly-pharmacy on your own. Please work with your medical team and tell them what you're taking so that you can all work together for the best outcome. Hey, I have a radical idea. Instead of popping pills, join us on this board and on WebMD and let's team together to do more physical activity and eat more heathfully so that you can shed those excess fat pounds, get healthy and get on with life. You game?  You can have up and down days and I think it's a question of your body really getting adjusted to the med and how it has to work. It's really a biological reaction and sometimes the body isn't ready to be totally adjusted. The side effects you mention are found with meds, but you should tell your doc about these, too.  You can ask your doc about this. Tell him you need a PRN (as needed) short-acting med just for specific trips and only to be used sparingly. I would also recommend that you learn relaxation techniques and use them prior to any car trips and use them on a regular basis.  One thing we know, for sure, and that's that no medication works for everyone. It's unfortunate, but there has to be a period of trial-and-error in order to find the right medication or combination of medications that may work for you. You also have to consider the fact that you may not really need medication at all. Remember, sometimes learning to help yourself and to cope differently with things that are happening in your life can be very effective in curbing anxiety. You indicated it has been 12 years now that you've had this diagnosis and I'm wondering what besides medication has been tried in order to help you. Has anyone suggested cognitive therapy, mild exercise, self-help techniques, or lifestyle changes? Unfortunately, sometimes treatment plans do not include all of these aspects and, I believe, that may lead to an inadequate result. Hopefully, you are working with an experienced psychiatrist. I would think, however, that there are things you can do for yourself. ...Review your current lifestyle and see if some changes might be helpful. Sometimes, this is one of the simplest things to do and can have the most dramatic result.  Since you are in treatment with both a psychiatrist and a psychologist, and you have tried, as you said, many medications without sufficient help. You also indicated that you have serious agoraphobia which keeps you in your home. What is the treatment plan to handle your agoraphobia? I think this needs to be discussed, especially with your psychologist who would seem the one with special expertise in this area. You might also consider getting a second opinion from another psychologist who might have more of a behavioral orientation, which would help you take small steps toward leaving your home. I understand that this could be difficult to do, but you really need someone who can offer you a treatment plan to properly address your primary symptom which appears to be the agoraphobia.  Since this was your first anxiety attack I'm wondering if there are some stressor in your life currently that might be causing this. Often, we don't realize that we are under stress until our body tells us by doing something like this. I know it's quite upsetting, can be frightening, but you shouldn't be embarrassed. You have done nothing for which you need to be embarrassed. It's your body responding to something either internal or external. I see that your prescriber has done the prudent thing and has given you something to use as needed. This is always a good idea, but you need to do a bit of work on your own, too. As I said, please review your current situation and see if there is anything that might be causing you some stress or where you have neglected yourself in terms of diet, sleep or social activities. All of these are vital to maintain our physical and mental health. I would also suggest that you begin engaging in some self-help techniques, such as relaxation breathing, mild exercise and positive self talk.  Medication alone doesn't always provide sufficient help, and we know that cognitive therapy is often vital to help you improve your situation. Since you are receiving medication, has your prescriber not recommended that you also be in cognitive therapy? I believe this individual should provide a referral for you and the person to whom you are referred should be highly experienced in both anxiety and depression treatment. I also think that you could benefit from using some self-help techniques.  Since it's now been five years since you had your first panic attack, and you said you've tried many medications without success, I'm wondering who was doing the prescribing. Sometimes, it takes a combination of more than one medication for you to get relief from persistent panic attacks. Several other things which can help in controlling anxiety include regular, mild exercise ... proper diet, access to social activities outside of the home, positive self talk, and relaxation breathing. Getting yourself out of the home and having some time for yourself is always a good idea. That's where a yoga class or even one for tai chi, would be good because it accomplishes two things; it gets you out, and it provides exercise that is physically and emotionally relaxing. Try some of these things and see how helpful they can be. It may take a few weeks, but it's worth the effort.  Sleep isn't always a question of meds. Many times it can be anxiety, built up stress or lack of exercise, too. Yes, anxiety and depression do interfere with sleep, but the most recent research on the subject points to cognitive behavioral therapy being one of the most effective ways to fix this problem. Why not give it some thought and see if you can get a referral to an experienced psychologist?  You bring up two important issues regarding the treatment of ADHD with medications. First, the difficulty finding the right combination of medications when co-existing conditions are present and, second, the use of ADHD medications during pregnancy. When choosing a medication to address ADHD symptoms, it is extremely important to keep co-existing conditions in mind and not make them worse with treatment. Some co-existing conditions such as mild depression/demoralization or anxiety may be the result of untreated ADHD and will improve once the ADHD is treated. However, some stimulants may make anxiety (or depression) worse, particularly those in the amphetamine class, so its best to avoid those if you can if you have anxiety. In addition, other therapies such as cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) have been shown to improve symptoms of anxiety in persons with ADHD. This treatment can be a particularly useful adjunct for those with anxiety/self-esteem issues or who can not take medications for whatever reason. That brings us to the second issue, pregnancy and medications used to treat ADHD. Basically, the stimulants are not recommended for use during pregnancy in order to avoid any possibility of damage to the developing fetus. There have been no studies done in humans, but cardiac defects have been seen in animals given very high doses of stimulants during pregnancy. If you are contemplating getting pregnant, it is best to discuss this with your prescribing physician and ob/gyn and wean off any stimulant treatment.  When someone has ADHD it can take several weeks, and sometimes even months, for a physician to determine the correct type (class) of medication, dose and treatment schedule to effectively reduce that patients ADHD symptoms while at the same time limiting potential side effects. If you cant get your medication, there are several things you can do to try to get by until your medication is available again. Substituting like-for-like is the best alternative. If a generic version of your medication is available try that first (Example: methylphenidate for Ritalin). Talk to your physician about trying the short-acting version of the same medication you are on, but take it more frequently. Let people know that you are not able to take your medication and ask for their help and understanding. (Parents, be sure to send a note to school to inform your childs teacher and ask for help). Give yourself more time to accomplish a task. This might mean getting up earlier in the morning or asking for an extension on an assignment. If you tend to act impulsively, put off making an important decision until you are back on your medication or at the very least sleep on it overnight. Use tools to keep on task. Set an alarm and check that you are doing what you are suppose to be doing. Ask for more supervision or have someone check in with you more frequently. Do the hardest tasks first or earlier in the morning when you are not as tired. Get plenty of rest and exercise. Exercise can decrease hyperactivity and that feeling of restlessness. Take frequent breaks. Get up and walk around and come back to a task after a few minutes to refocus. Try to keep to the same routine. Make lists and use lots of reminders. Send yourself an email or voice mail or write on your hand if you need to. If driving is a problem, ask someone else for a ride or take public transportation. Forgive yourself and ask others to be more patient with you. Dont make excuses, but do make a sincere effort to avoid problem situations or discussions that you know may get out of hand. Dont forget to eat. Start your medication again as soon as it is available. Plan ahead and keep a few pills in reserve for the next time that there is a shortage!  Yes. Pepto-Bismol has been used for a number of years to prevent travelers' diarrhea. Studies show that if adults take the equivalent of two tabs four times a day, it can decrease the incidence of travelers diarrhea up to 60%. Now, many people who take that amount of Pepto-Bismol end up with severe constipation. I take two tabs twice a day when I go into a risky situation. I do believe that it is very helpful, but most recommend if youre going to do this, that it should just be for short-term -- up to three weeks. While this helps many people, those allergic to aspirin cannot take it. And if you're taking prescription medications, you should check with your doctor to see if you can take this. Some swear by probiotics like lactobacillus for preventing travelers' diarrhea. But studies of this strategy in limited numbers of subjects are inconclusive. And some people are given prophylactic antibiotics, which are very effective in preventing travelers' diarrhea, but the problem there is we don't feel very good about prescribing antibiotics for a number of reasons for someone if they dont need them. There are issues such as side effects, or of diarrhea caused by the antibiotics themselves, and increased antibiotic resistance in the normal organisms we harbor in our bodies. Rarely, if it is just for a very important weekend, or occasionally for government officials or someone in an athletic competition, we may prescribe preventive antibiotics.  The real question since you have removed the Implanon is whether you are getting your menstrual cycle. If not, you are not ovulating at this point in time. It may take you longer. Rheumatoid Arthritis itself should not affect one's ability to conceive, however you did not mention the medication you are currently taking. Most medications for RA don't cause problems unless you require chemotherapeutic agents. If you are concerned, I would recommend you contact your physician to discuss further.  We know aspirin interferes with blood clotting, so people go off aspirin for some period of time. But often patients dont know that some of the other medications they are taking without a prescription again, or even with prescription may interfere. So, we have a list of over 200 medications, over the counter and prescription that are known to contain elements that would interfere with blood clotting, and we give it to the patient well in advance of the surgery and say look through this list, and if youre taking any of these, please stop, or lets talk about. And we ask very specifically on our questionnaires what medicines are you taking, both prescription medications and non-prescription medications. We are trying to make sure the patient doesnt forget or doesnt disregard the importance of these medications that could interfere by the way not only with the bleeding, but even with the anesthesia. There are certain drugs that the anesthesiologist would be very unhappy if he didnt know the patient were taking. But its not just supplements and prescriptions. What about foods? Well, garlic and ginger for example, when consumed in large amounts, can cause some change in clotting, yeah, so we tell people about it. We tell people those things that would get them into trouble. By the way, foods can also help us though, because papaya and pineapple, rich in an enzyme called papase which is the same thing that is in meat tenderizer, after surgery, very good, because they help digest the red cells that cause bruising. When you see a bruise its because the red cells in the blood have seeped into the tissues and it helps digest them. So, you know foods can work for us, and they can also work against us. But we need to know. This is the most important thing. And this is why its so important to have a very complete evaluation by the cosmetic surgeon, a very complete evaluation by your personal doctor, so that none of these things would slip through the cracks. We dont want anything slipping through the cracks. An anesthesiologists worst nightmare is that the patient took a drug that the anesthesiologist didnt know about and that drug was in the patients system and could interfere, sometimes significantly with a safe anesthetic.  We ask the patient to tell us everything that we believe is important for their safety. There are some drugs that people dont want to own up to. There are people who, for example have taken cocaine and its left some damage in the nose and we need to know what the damage came from We remind the patient though that this is confidential. It is, it does not go beyond the office, and does not go beyond the operating room, and it is up to the patient if they ever want any of that revealed, because they dont have to have their medical records released to anybody. There isnt a cop in the world that can demand your medical record. They can demand your drivers license, but nobody has the right to demand your medical records without your permission. So they are held in strict confidence. Its much more important that we know these things than that the patient, because we dont want the patient to worry that oh my god, I dont want anybody to know. Now we need to know for the patients safety. I could recount tragedies that occurred because the patients did not reveal to the anesthesiologist the history of drug abuse and that led to serious complications. Thats a story unto itself isnt it? Oh yeah, there are certain drugs that interact for example, very unfavorably with certain anesthetic agents. Thats the risk of not fessing up. Youve got to be honest with your doctor, your doctor needs to be honest with you about the risks of not being honest.  Depending on a persons lifestyle certain drugs are detectable for varied lengths of time. The longest time that Cocaine generally stays in an average persons system is 72 hours.  There is no cure all magic pill that can be found to erase traumatic memories however certain prescribed medications may help to control symptoms of depression / anxiety that coincide with these past problems. Please do not resort to illegal substance abuse as this is not a solution, generally speaking people who use are only suppressing issues and prolonging their pain, in most cases adding more problems. If you're having psychological issues then you should find the proper help such as psychologists or if you feel prescriptions are a better way then psychiatrists. If you are having homicidal or suicidal tendencies then you should ask a trusted friend or family member for support and report to a treatment facility near you.  The easy answer - none. Not only have cold medicines been found to be ineffective, they have the potential to make things worse. Over-dosages of potent decongestants, antihistamines, and cough medications were common, so the new recommendation is to withhold giving any medications to a child under the age of 6 years. Of course, cold symptoms can be treated with non-medicines. A stuffy, congested nose can be miserable. Parents can liquefy this mucous (medical term for snot) by saline nasal sprays or drops, maintaining adequate hydration, and by using a cool mist humidifier. Less-viscous snot is easier for the baby to naturally swallow than Velcro-like, sticky snot. (Gross, huh?)  Narrowing down your home pharmacy to just ten medicines  will simplify your life and free up some room in those medicine cabinets that may be overflowing. Use the KISS rule: Keep it Safe and Simple. First, take out ALL of those medicines and line them up on a table. Look at the expiration dates and dispose of any old ones. If you have any leftover antibiotics from prescriptions you never finished, throw all of those away, too. Medications for conditions that you no longer have, or are unlike to have, can be discarded, as well. Group your home pharmacy into categories: cold medicines, ointments/creams, pain/fever medications, etc. This will help you find duplicates  medicines of different brand names that do the same thing. The categories of medicines that you should have in your home pharmacy: Pain and fever medications: Acetaminophen (Tylenol) and ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin) in both adult and child strengths (if you have children). If you have an infant, you may need infant strengths, as well. Remember that ibuprofen also has anti-inflammatory properties. Antiseptic solutions: Cuts and wounds should be carefully cleansed, so your pharmacy should have hydrogen peroxide, Betadine solution, or the equivalent. Topical Antibiotics: Your choice. They come in both ointments (greasy, but protective) and creams (rubs in easily) and all are considered equally efficacious for the prevention and treatment of minor skin infections. Some topical antibiotics are better for burns  you should have a burn ointment in your cabinet. Hydrocortisone: This topical steroid is also available in creams and ointments. Used for itching, treating mosquito bites, etc. Antifungal medications: Use for athletes feet or fungal diaper rashes. If the woman in the house is prone to occasional vaginal yeast infections, some miconazole (Monistat) is nice to have available. Stomach and intestinal disorders: Include a good stool softener, such as Colace (docusate sodium), or a mild laxative such as Milk of Magnesia. I do not routinely treat minor diarrhea, but having Kaopectate or even Pepto-Bismol at home would be helpful. Over-the-counter Tagamet (cimetidine) or Prilosec (omeprazole) would be appropriate to include, along with Maalox or Mylanta. Salt: You can get this from the kitchen, but making your own saline (1/4 tsp of salt to 8 oz of water) can be used for gargling or homemade nasal spray/drops. Antihistamines: Drying up a watery nose or controlling itchy allergies. Benadryl (diphenhydramine) is the most common, but it can be sedating. Claritin (loratadine) or Zyrtec (cetirizine) lasts longer (24 hours) and both are considered non-sedating. All are available in both adult and children formulations. Decongestants: Medications containing pseudoephedrine (Sudafed) or phenylephrine are for stuffy/congested noses. They can be stimulating and may interfere with sleep. Decongestants also drain mucous, so taking them at night is going to cause a river of drainage. It is best to do this during the day when you can blow your nose. Cough medicines: There are two types: expectorants (makes you cough by loosening mucous), and suppressants (controls or reduces coughing). It is important to know your goal when you select one. Guaifenesen (Mucinex) is a mucous-thinning expectorant. Plain Robitussin is a cough expectorant. Medicines that contain dextromethorphan (DM), such as Delsym, can suppress a cough. Combination medicines, like Robitussin DM, have both an expectorant and a suppressant  sort of makes you cough and tries to stop it at the same time! Coughing is a NORMAL bodily response to clear the airway, so it does not necessarily need to be controlled, but having a quiet, comfortable night is okay. Miscellaneous: Band-aids (all types, including finger-tip ones), gauze dressings, Telfa (non-stick) pads, paper tape, and other dressings are always needed. Each home pharmacy will need to be individualized, and only you can do it. The home pharmacy of someone with children will be totally different than a family without kids. Medicines need to be securely locked if you have kids, or grandchildren visiting. Always use discretion and avoid over-medication. Follow dosage recommendations and avoid the home treatment of things that have not been properly diagnosed  even if you are the one diagnosing them. Use your medical provider as a consultant if you have doubts.  There are no drugs that strengthen the bladder per se, but there are several medications that can help relieve the need to go all of the time and improve accidents. Talk to your medical provider or see a urologist.  There is a good chance that your drug test will be POSITIVE for marijuana and cocaine, so you may have some explaining to do.  If you are taking a drug not specifically prescribed for you, then the first process of elimination is for you to eliminate doing this. How long a drug is detected depends on many factors: the method of analysis used (something I do not know in your case), the extent of your drug use, and your body's ability to metabolize this particular substance. I can't offer you any tricks or inside information on how to pass your random drug test. It is what it is.....  Yes.  You will need a urine specimen. Many labs will allow you do this without a doctor's order, but you can also confide in the pediatrician and allow him or her to order the proper test. This is a very serious problem, so it is important that you disclose this to a professional, since the safety of your child is paramount. Knowing the suspected drug would be helpful, since drug tests do not test for ALL drugs.  The penis doesn't really shrink from the point of maximum penis growth (age 17, believe it or not), so if you are accurate in your measurement, it is not due to the nortriptyline. Some antidepressants can cause problems with libido or even make it more difficult to have an orgasm, but it should not change the size of your penis. Erections are all about blood; the engorgement of blood in your penis. As you may have experienced, some erections are more rigid than others (more blood shunted to the penis). Under the right circumstances, with the right attitude, I suspect that that lost inch will mysteriously reappear. Don't fret.  The father's drug habit is adversely affecting EVERYONE, including him. His drug use is not causing the colic or crying spells, so the baby should be examined by the pediatrician. Incidentally, colic -- if this is what is causing the crying -- improves at age three months, so there may be brighter days soon. The drug use is a more serious problem. It is difficult enough to care for a baby, but when one parent is impaired, it can be next to impossible. The three month old will most likely get better, but with drug use, it can only get worse; perhaps to the point where the baby no longer has a father.  The vascular ring should most likely be surgically repaired, but I do not know the type or severity so this answer can only come from his specialist. This can happen to ANY child, so I don't believe there is any correlation whatsoever with any prenatal drug use.  I have used atenolol on patients for decades and have not found any relationship to anemia. There are numerous causes and types of anemia, so it would be important for you medical provider to look for other reasons.  There are no special tests, like blood tests to make that determination. The choice and dosage of anti-derpressant medication is based solely on the medical history and a bit of "trial and error". Until the proper medication and dosage is found, changes are often made. I am not saying this ten minute questionaire was appropriate, but a skilled medical provider can usually pick the right combination of medications and counselling to help.  St John's Wort is an herb and will not show up or be tested on a urine drug screen. Obviously, the medical marijuana will be detected.  How about NONE ....when you are trying to manage depression, only a fool would use recreational drugs. Don't be a fool...  Taking antidepressants is not a prerequisite for seeing a psychiatrist.  The Viagra patent expires in 2020, so other companies will be able to make it generically if they choose. Seven more years is a long time to wait, so you better save up your money for the brand name.....for now.  I don't think your work place with test you for myrrh, so unless you have been taking or smoking something else, your drug test should be clean.  Why in the world would you choose to have unprotected sex with an IV drug user? Do you drive without seatbelts and keep your eyes closed? This was a very stupid thing to do, and yes, you should be tested for just about every STD. You can go to one of the county STD clinics if you have one in your area, or ask your doctor to test you for HIV, syphillis, and hepatitis. You are right to be concerned.  No...ibuprofen does not show up as an opiate.  The list would be too extensive to post, so my advise to you is NOT to take any over-the-counter medications if you are having a blood test, unless they are essential to your health and well-being. I do not know what you are taking and why, nor do I know what type of drug screening test you are getting. If you do take or have recently used illegal drugs, I can tell you that tests are becoming more and more sophisticated all of the time.  It can be very difficult for a person who is addicted to opiates to stop....this is why it is called an addiction. Personally, I feel that it would be best for you to enter a drug detoxification program. Most insurance companies DO pay for this, but you have to get a referral from your primary care provider. Many areas also have drug programs that are free, so do your homework and get the help that you are requesting and desperately need.  No, it is the drugs that you are snorting that can may you ill or poison you, not the paper you use as a "snorter". Paper money is not poisonous, but spending it on drugs can certainly poison your body and empty your bank account.  There are numerous "gastric drugs" and each one would have their own side-effect profile. Since I do not know what you are taking (and why), it would not be possible to list the many drugs with their potential adverse effects. You can look each drug of individually on the Internet or consult your pharmacist.  Yes....many of them, but his symptoms do not pinpoint a specific drug, illegal substance, or even prove that he is impaired. If you are concerned, you may be able to required a urine drug screen (you may have to screen EVERYONE, however).  Your friend needs to go to Planned Parenthood as soon as possible for a consultation. There are NO safe ways to self-abort an unwanted pregnancy. The fact that she does not want to have a surgical termination is really not as important as her life and well-being. She got herself into this mess, so she needs to be mature enough to do the right thing. Trying to self-abort is NOT advised.....EVER.  Strangely enough, a special formulation of intranasal estrogen has been shown to be helpful in treating patulous Eustachian tubes (even if you are not female). You would need to see an ENT, however.  Sometimes. Marijuana (and alcohol) is often considered a "gateway" drug. Not all people have the ability to control their use of any mind-altering substance.  Some of it.... The lungs are part of your respiratory tract, but most snorted drugs go into your nose.  Usually not, but you did not share what KIND of herbal supplements you are taking. Marijuana is an "herb", you know.....  It should not be a problem. He has not been taking it long enough for a physical or psychological dependence. It is always best to check with his doctor, however, who may want to decrease his dose rather than stop it. Pain specialists often have there own method of management.  Vertigo can have hundreds of different causes. It would be impossible to determine a specific cause blindly over the Internet. You will need to see your medical provider so you can be properly examined to narrow down the many, many possibilities.  I have no idea with KIND of blood work your doctor has ordered. You do have a right to know, so you will need to ask your doctor or the lab. The code you have listed is a diagnosis code , not a type of blood test.  I don't know why she tested positive either....Zofran is for vomiting and nausea, and it is not your culprit.  I don't know what tests will be required, but many insurance companies do require urine and blood tests. Some will require a drug screen, not just for illegal drugs but for other medications. There are no "routine" tests -- Every insurance company is different, so you do have the right to know what they will require.  Don't panic. There are several other choices, depending on what your medical provider is treating at the time. Antibiotics are specifically prescribed for a certain bacterial infection.  No, there is not a generic equivalent for this drug, but there are many other similar drugs on the market for treating asthma. If cost is a factor (as it is for most people), your medical provider may be able to suggest an alternative that is less-expensive.  I have never heard of a prescription medication that uses pecans in any way, but often the manufacture does not openly disclose this, so I guess there is a possibility. http://plants.usda.gov/plantguide/pdf/cs_cail2.pdf  A written prescription or the actual drug? I see nothing wrong with a doctor mailing a written prescription (some require a special triplicate form) to a legitimate pain patient that may not be able to make it to the office for medical reasons. Obviously, the use of any addicting medication should be carefully monitored. If the actual drug was mailed, then I would be worried. Doctors don't do this....  Anti-inflammatory medications are typically used for bursitis, assuming you can medically use them. Ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin) or naproxyn sodium (Aleve) are two that are commonly used and available over the counter.  It would be illegal....even for our government....to do a pregnancy test on you. Pregnancy hormones will not show up on a drug screening test.  Yes, MRSA is a skin bacteria that can be passed in many ways. While sharing needles may not be the main source of contagiousness, it can certainly happen. For MRSA, just skin to skin contact is sufficient to transfer the bacteria to another. Many drug abusers have poor levels of hygiene and are prone to a variety of skin infections. Sharing needles puts the user at risk for MANY diseases, from hepatitis to HIV. This should NEVER be done.  Not really, but would strongly advise that you trying to use someone else's "clean" urine. There are many ways to determine if this is really urine.  Atenolol is a blood pressure medication that has been used for some anxiety issues. If this seems to help him in these social situations, then I do think it justifies using it. I don't believe he will experience any adverse effects from taking this low dose. There are other medications that may be more helpful, if this does not work.  Albuterol? Not very likely, but there are medications that could trigger a false response.... http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/726897  Obviously, the best way to get a negative drug test is not take drugs, including Vicodin, unless it was specifically prescribed for you for a medical condition. In this case, disclose that you are taking it and why. Vicodin or hydrocodone can remain in your system for four days or even longer, depending on your dosage and ability to clear it and of course, the sensitivity of the laboratory testing (they are getting better and better). A urine drug screen should be fine after about a week if you want a margin of safety. If they do a hair analysis, opiates can be detected for months. The goal of a drug screen is to make sure you are not taking drugs that could interfere with your safety or the safety of others, so if you are taking Vicodin that has not been prescribed to you, or taking it recreationally, you need to re-evaluate this dangerous practice.  If they are looking for this type of drug, yes. Many people who are abusing stimulants will use Soma, so the possibility exists. This all depends on the type of test ordered....and for what particular reason.  There are no height-enhancing drugs or diets. Any claims that this can help would be false. This young man should have a consultation with a pediatric endocrinologist. This is the specialist who can determine if HGH (human growth hormone) therapy would be appropriate in his particular case..  The drug itself is not a contraindication to sexual activity, so if you feel like having sex, then have sex.  Marijuana can remain in the body for weeks, since it can be bound to body fat. Some hair tests can show THC for months. There are really no medical conditions (including pregnancy) that would cause a false positive THC, so most clinicians and law enforcement agencies would consider her test "positive", regardless of her conviction that she has not been using marijuana or around people who are. Being pregnant and showing positive THC can be very problematic for her.  Did you add some tap water to your urine test to make it "dilute" or did you water-load by drinking lots of water before being tested? You will most likely be asked to provider another test......  HCTZ is a diuetic that can lower your blood pressure. It should not decrease your stamina, but it could be related to your light-headedness with standing quickly (orthostatic hypotension). I would suggest that you see your medical provider -- the only that prescribed the HCTZ -- for a consultation.  There are PLENTY of other effective antibiotics, like erythromycin or the cephalosporins (some penicillin allergic people may have a cross-over allergy to this class, however). He needs to be under the care of a good dentist NOW. Let the dentist determine the type of treatment and antibiotics. If he has an abscess, he needs more than just a prescription for a non-penicillin based antibiotic. Dental infections, like you are describing, need immediate and definitive care.  Hydroxyzine (Atarax) is not a nacrotic.  You are on plenty of narcotic and controlled medications, but polycystic kidney disease will not cause a positive test for codeine. Unfortunately, I do not know anything about you or your medical history to help you determine why you tested positive.  You will need to call your doctor. It would not be prudent for me to try and treat you over the Internet. I can say that the amoxicillin is long gone, so if you are still having hives, there is likely another allergen that is the culprit. An amoxicillin reaction a month ago would not be causing issues now.  I can't help you with that issue, my friend. If you took drugs and are now required to have a drug-screening urinalysis, then those drugs are likely to be detected.  Heroin is an opiate.  No, just the THC will cause a positive result and can remain in the system for quite a 2-3 weeks. Omeprazole is not even close to the chemical structure of THC. There can be false positive drug tests, but those are rare, assuming it was tested at a good lab.  No.  <!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <w:WordDocument> <w:View>Normal</w:View> <w:Zoom>0</w:Zoom> <w:PunctuationKerning></w:PunctuationKerning> <w:ValidateAgainstSchemas></w:ValidateAgainstSchemas> <w:SaveIfXMLInvalid>false</w:SaveIfXMLInvalid> <w:IgnoreMixedContent>false</w:IgnoreMixedContent> <w:AlwaysShowPlaceholderText>false</w:AlwaysShowPlaceholderText> <w:Compatibility> <w:BreakWrappedTables></w:BreakWrappedTables> <w:SnapToGridInCell></w:SnapToGridInCell> <w:WrapTextWithPunct></w:WrapTextWithPunct> <w:UseAsianBreakRules></w:UseAsianBreakRules> <w:DontGrowAutofit></w:DontGrowAutofit> </w:Compatibility> <w:BrowserLevel>MicrosoftInternetExplorer4</w:BrowserLevel> </w:WordDocument> </xml><![endif]--> Most body odors that occur in sweaty areas (groin, armpits, etc.) are due to bacterial overgrowth, not a fungus. I dont know if you are a male or female, but you may want to try a good antibacterial soap during a shower, dry carefully, and spray this area (avoiding the sensitive parts, of course) with an anti-perspiring / deodorant spray, just like you would use in your armpits. Controlled perspiration would go a long way in controlled a disagreeable odor. If you are female, malodors can originate from the vagina. If you are male, the area under the scrotum is often the culprit. Wear looser under-clothing, especially at night, and allow this area to breathe a bit. <!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <w:LatentStyles DefLockedState="false" LatentStyleCount="156"> </w:LatentStyles> </xml><![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]-->  Darvocet was taken off of the market about three years ago. There are no similar pain medications in this class, so you will need to discuss your pain management needs with your medical provider. There are certainly other analgesics that are similar in potency that can be prescribed. http://www.webmd.com/pain-management/news/20101119/darvon-darvocet-banned  I don't know what you are taking in the way of drugs, and I don't know your age to know if you have prostatic hypertrophy (enlarged prostate). I would suggest that you see your medical provider so you can be properly examined. This problem may be able to be fixed.....  That would not be very likely. The tiny amount of those eyedrops may contain lidoCAINE, but this has nothing to do with COcaine. Besides, you should not be using these eye drops anyway, unless specifically prescribed by an eye care professional.  You are probably fine, but it would be great if you knew 100% before you have sex again. Have another test to be sure. Remember that condoms will prevent Chlamydia.....  I found this non-WebMD site for you.... http://mistupid.com/health/bloodinherit.htm You can draw your own conclusions, but if there is any doubt to your parentage, you will need to be paternity tested, along with your child  Show it to a pharmacist. Many will be able to identify it immediately, if it is a common prescription pill. If it is a generic or a vitamin, maybe not. There are drug identification sites on the Internet, but without a number or imprint to go on, a blue-oblong pill could be anything.  I assume you are talking about illicit/illegal drugs, since not all drugs are bad....antibiotics, for instance. Any pregnant woman who knowingly takes illicit drugs like cocaine or methamphetamines, as an example, is causing this innocent life unbelievable harm. This is definitely child abuse and if this child is born addicted or test positive for those drugs, she will have to deal with the child-protective authorities and law enforcement and risk losing her child.  Visiting the Epilepsy Foundation web site is a good idea to look up each state's rules regarding driving. In general, anyone who's seizures are controlled (even if taking anti-epileptic medicine) can get a driver's license. How long you must be seizure free in order to qualify for a driver's license varies between states, but usually is between 3 and 12 months.  The best single step you can take is to use a generic substitution for brand-name medicines whenever possible. Generics are safe and reliable versions of medicines that are far cheaper than name-brand products. Not only are generics less expensive, theyre also older medicines with longer track records of safety. If a pharmacist tells you that a prescribed medication has no generic version, there may be a medicine thats similar enough to do the job in generic form. Even if there isnt a generic of any similar medication, a different one might be in a lower-tier for your copay. Ask the pharmacist to contact your doctor before switching any medicine. Samples can save you money in the short run, but may cost you later. For long term medicines, you may be able to order a larger quantity through a mail-order service. Ask your insurance company if you have a mail-order pharmacy benefit. Sometimes, a larger quantity can be prescribed for the same copay. This wont work for pills taken every day  the pharmacist wont give you more than a one month supply  but for prescription skin creams or medicines taken as needed, your doctor could prescribe a larger amount at once. Many drug manufacturers offer patient assistance programs to help low-income families afford medications. An excellent, non-profit website with clear instructions for finding and using these programs is www.needymeds.org . Needymeds also features a free drug discount card for your whole family to use.  Never stop an antidepressant medicine without first talking to a healthcare provider. Stopping an antidepressant medicine suddenly can cause other symptoms. Antidepressants are medicines used to treat depression and other illnesses. It is important to discuss all the risks of treating depression and also the risks of not treating it. Patients and their families or other caregivers should discuss all treatment choices with the healthcare provider, not just the use of antidepressants. Antidepressant medicines have other side effects. Talk to the healthcare provider about the side effects of the medicine prescribed for you or your family member. Antidepressant medicines can interact with other medicines. Know all of the medicines that you or your family member takes. Keep a list of all medicines to show the healthcare provider. Do not start new medicines without first checking with your healthcare provider. Not all antidepressant medicines prescribed for children are FDA approved for use in children. Talk to your child's healthcare provider for more information.  Will Apple Cider Vineger remove medications taken from your system, where a UA test wont acknolege?  Drink a lot of water and then drink more water. Make sure it is noted in your medical history that you are allergic to amoxicillin. Witch hazel is the best for hives and itch  A couple of thoughts. Be sure you see a urologist as many doctors, in my experience, have told men that they cannot take any of the erectile dysfunction meds when in fact they often can and quite safely. If the pump is all you can use, that is fine too, as it has been a good solid ED treatment for many years with high patient and partner satisfaction. A couple of downsides -- the rings can only be left on for no more than 30 minutes! No more, or damage can happen. One patient complained that the penis did feel cool to the touch after a while. One man complained his penis felt like it was on a hinge. All in all, it works, it is safe, there are no chemicals in your system, and it is easy to use once you get it figured out, which can take a number of tries.  Well, the downside to these products is that there are side effects. For example, men that have certain high blood pressure disorders are taking nitrate medications. If you mix these oral erection drugs with that, you can drop your blood pressure and have a serious complication. This is why men who take Viagra, Levitra and Cialis, if after having sex they have a heart attack, they have to tell the paramedics and ER doctors they have this product in their systems. Because one of the first things the doctors will want to do is put nitrates into their blood to stabilize their heart and their blood pressure. The combination can be deadly. There can be some visual disorders. One of the big side effects is that the drug really isnt being used correctly for many men. Theyre either not being given enough trials with it, it sometimes takes several doses before its effective, they try it once and they say its not going to work and theyll go try something else. The other thing is its become very recreational. A lot of guys who dont need it are taking it which raises some concerns. Why? Because its almost become the thing to do. You know, you take the drug and youre guaranteed a good erection. Well, if you had good erections before it probably wont help, but its just kind of a macho kind of a way of just kind of having fun. The other concern is that for most men that have true erectile dysfunction, thats a symptom of something far more serious, whether its diabetes, hormone problems, metabolic problems, vascular disorders. Thats an early warning sign. And by simply throwing Viagra, Levitra, Cialis at them and not addressing the cause, Im really doing them a lot of disservice. If its truly the first warning sign of potential coronary artery disease, I mean if its the first warning sign of coronary artery disease and you dont do the right workup, the guy may get great erections but he may have a heart attack in a year or two that could have been prevented. Its essential that you understand why it is you have erectile dysfunction. Some men just get it and thats the way that you are. But you want to make sure that theres nothing serious that youre missing.  Certain illnesses can cause priapism as well. For example certain cancers and sickle cell anemia.  Certain illnesses can also present with priapism. Sickle cell anemia and certain cancers can also cause priapism as well as certain medications. So if a man develops priapism, whether its sexually caused or not, he needs to contact his doctor and be seen right away.  Theres three medications on the market. Viagra, Cialis, and Levitra, the primary difference is duration. Cialis has a longer time that its in your system. Thats why theyre marketing more of like a weekend product. The Levitra and Viagra are more like, take it now and have the benefit tonight and tomorrow. But theres different subtle differences, absorption with food, which one works for you? You may have one product that works great, and another one wont. 03:22:58 So what well do is youll come in, well try them on a product, several different trials over a period of time, if he doesnt get a result that hes satisfied with well try a different one. The magic of this is weve got three choices so we should have, one of the three should work for that guy. there a time of day, do you eat it with food, without? It depends on the particular product. Some are best on an empty stomach, some are best right before you want it, some you take before you want it and have the benefits last a few days.  You still have many good options for getting erections. You need to go talk to your urologist about the other choices. These include penile vacuum erection devices (work 100%, some don't like the prep or mechanicalness of it all), penile injection therapy (works great, some men love the results, does not hurt I am told, just have to learn what to do in a few office classes -- bring your wife), and yes, even penile implants (over 26 years never had a man not happy). Just because the easy stuff doesn't work doesn't mean you are done. And of course, why the ED? Be sure your primary doctor has done full battery of tests and a stress echo and checked out your carotid arteries. Often ED is the early warning sign of serious and even life-threatening problems such as artery blockage -- the kind that causes heart attacks and strokes.  You still have many good options for getting erections. You need to go talk to your urologist about the other choices. These include penile vacuum erection devices (work 100%, some don't like the prep or mechanicalness of it all), penile injection therapy (works great, some men love the results, does not hurt I am told, just have to learn what to do in a few office classes -- bring your wife), and yes, even penile implants (over 26 years never had a man not happy). Just because the easy stuff doesn't work doesn't mean you are done. And of course, why the ED? Be sure your primary doctor has done full battery of tests and a stress echo and checked out your carotid arteries. Often ED is the early warning sign of serious and even life-threatening problems such as artery blockage -- the kind that causes heart attacks and strokes.  The American Heart Association Guidelines have changed. Only the people at the greatest risk for bad outcomes from infective endocarditis -- an infection of the heart valves -- should receive short-term preventive antibiotics before common, routine dental and medical procedures. I generally request that patients have a screening by a cardiologist and a specific recommendation to go along with it.  I would ask the dentist that performed the procedure. But it is most likely a sedating filling to ease the pain in a badly decayed tooth.  I would ask the dentist that performed the procedure. But it is most likely a sedating filling to ease the pain in a badly decayed tooth.  Bipolar medications can increase tooth grinding, which wreaks havoc on the system, and dry mouth, which allows bacteria to run wild and cause decay and gum and bone disease. There are preventive measures that you can discuss with your dentist to address this problem, like chewing xylitol gum or using fluoride gels or salivary stimulants.  When caught within the first 48 to 72 hours, the administration of anti-virals can help to weaken the virus. After that period of time, using anti-virals is ineffective. At this point, treating your symptoms of pain become the primary concern. Not everyone develops post-herpetic neuralgia, but there is no way of determining who will. Keep yourself well-hydrated and eat a healthy diet, keeping yourself as healthy as possible and try to manage your stress as you continue to heal.  Your dermatologist will examine your skin and make an assessment for which anti-acne plan works best for you. Retinoic acid may be added to your skin plan, or an antibiotic. Be open-minded and realistic with your expectations. Sometimes it takes 3-4 different plans before you find the right one for you.  This drug interact with Amitriptyline Atenolol Carbamazepine Chlorpromazine Clonidine Codeine Cyclobenzaprine Diazepam Digoxin Know more here http://www.internationaldrugmart.com/alphagan.html  As per http://www.internationaldrugmart.com/meticorten.html Meticorten interact with. Aspirin Cyclosporine Ketoconazole Phenobarbital Phenytoin Rifampin Warfarin   of generic Plavix 75mg cost just .Know more here http://forum.internationaldrugmart.com/other-drugs-f39/how-much-does-plavix-cost-without-insurance-t4261.html  What i should tell you, is never do meth, cocaine or heroine with your vagina.   - 	 Digoxin (Lanoxin) interacts with Apple Cider Vinegar 				 Large amounts of apple cider vinegar can decrease potassium levels in the body. Low potassium levels can increase the side effects of digoxin (Lanoxin). 			 Insulin interacts with Apple Cider Vinegar 				 Insulin might decrease potassium levels in the body. Large amounts of apple cider vinegar might also decrease potassium levels in the body. Taking apple cider vinegar along with insulin might cause potassium levels in the body to be too low. Avoid taking large amounts of apple cider vinegar if you take insulin. 			 Water pills (Diuretic drugs) interacts with Apple Cider Vinegar 				 Large amounts of apple cider vinegar can decrease potassium levels in the body. "Water pills" can also decrease potassium in the body. Taking apple cider vinegar along with "water pills" might decrease potassium in the body too much. Some "water pills" that can deplete potassium include chlorothiazide (Diuril), chlorthalidone (Thalitone), furosemide (Lasix), hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ, HydroDiuril, Microzide), and others. 			  Don't go off your meds without discussing with your doc, as going off your meds could also cause side effects. I have seen SJW work for some folks but its data is pretty weak scientifically. Sometimes it is worth a try. If it fails, go back to the FDA stuff.  I afford patients 30 minutes. If folks are doing super well, the session may take 10 minutes, but I allow 30 minutes. If not going well or we are making lots of med changes, we use all 30. Some sessions are 60 minutes, which depends on staffing levels at my office, the patient, what day of the week it is.... But 30 is average. Also some docs at big practices or public practices aren't their own boss and are forced to see a patient every 15 minutes, which I personally think is pushing it. In areas low on psychiatrists this is common, too, as the idea is that 15 minutes of psych care is better than zero.... It does depend on many factors.  Outside of medications, psychotherapy can be very helpful and sometimes equal to or better than the effects of meds. Actually some studies show that the brain changes the same way whether depression is alleviated by meds or therapy... . Talk to your doctor about your options as it sounds like you have symptoms that are causing you distress.  Sorry you feel this way. I am not sure what type of meds you are on, what type of therapy you are getting so cannot tell if you have been getting treated long enough or are on appropriate doses. I would suggest you be up front ith your providers that you really are no better and ask them to be more aggressive with your treatment. Sometimes when you drift off like this and get these feelings, do something to get grounded. Stop what you are doing and count to 10 ... something simple like this might bring you back; get the iPOD out, turn it to 11 and crank out a favorite song; write down something on a 3x5 card (for example "I am not alone, I have the following folks who care about me...."). Real simple stuff like this might act as a circuit breaker to pull you out of these funks.  ...It makes sense to take them at same time each day, but it is not 100% necessary. Antidepressants are made to work with each tablet.. For example if you take it one day you are not depressed and if you miss a day you get depressed.... They are not 'on/off' switches. The idea is to take antidepressants every day so they build up in your system and then they start to work 4-6 weeks later as a cumulative effect over time. ...  Wellbutrin SR or XL, desipramine or nortiptyline -- these ones do not use serotonin, like your maxalt so you will not be overdosed on serotonin.  It can take 4-6 weeks for this med to work assuming you are at 300mg/day or more. There are no direct effects of this med on alcohol or in reverse. The idea is that alcohol is a donwer and Wellbutrin is an upper and both work in the brain is an issue. So there is no 'keel over and die' reaction but theoretically the two work in opposite directions chemically...  Do not change your meds without consulting your prescriber. I am very concerned with many, many... folks dropping, lowering, changing their meds without their doctor's advice. We doctors know you patients do this a lot, no matter what our advice. May I suggest that if your med isn't working or is giving you side effects, call or make an appointment with your doc. I have at least 20 ways to treat depression with meds and probably 20 antidotes to side effects my meds give you all. As a doc, I'd like a call saying, "Hey this med is great but I have a side effect, what can I do to stay on the med and get my side effects to go away?" FINALLY, if you stop some meds cold turkey you can have anywhere from a mild withdrawal to a seizure and coma with others. In my career, I have had to put 2-3 patients in the hospital for medical emergencies due to withdrawal. If they would've called me, we could have lowered the meds safely and moved forward.   Over the years, I've seen side effects from every medication we use for headaches. Verapamil seems to cause the least problems, as side effects from this medication tend to be mild when they occur, and go away quicly when you stop it. Most common side effect is Constipation (probably 5% of my patients) and may 1 in 200-300 patients has puffy ankles from this. I've only had 1 in every 500-1000 patients (rough guess) get light headache or fatigued on Verapamil. Propranolol causes fatigue/light headedness in probably 5-10% of patients that I've tried it on, and in some people can increase the chance of depression. On average, Topamax causes tingling in the hands in 50% of patients, weight loss in 20% (not usually a bad thing) and trouble thinking in about 2%. (this is at the doses used for headache prevention) Thanks for your Reply!  Usually rebound headaches are treated by a neurologist, and its better to find one that treats a lot of headaches. Almost any of the prevention medications can help with rebound headaches, but I usually start with one of the medications that has an FDA indication for migraine prevention (Inderol, Depakote, or Topamax). As these gradually start working, you will take less Excedrin, and end up off the medication. Sometimes changing what you take for a headache helps also, such as changing to a prescription version of naproxen, or using one of the triptans like imitrex or relpax. There are more aggressive treatments for rebound headaches that involve admission to the hospital and IV medications, but I usually don't start off with that as the first treatment.  WELCHOL ORAL SIDE EFFECTS  You might start your sleuthing by looking up your son's medications by name in database. However, the best thing you can do is encourage your son to make an appointment and get checked out by his doctor in person. With the symptoms you describe, it's probably best that he do something soon. The WebMD Answers Staff  Here are two links that I think will answer your questions: Be sure to let your doctor know what's happening as soon as possible. The WebMD Answers Staff  Studies show that using drugs -- legal or illegal -- during pregnancy has a direct impact on the fetus. If you smoke, drink alcohol, ingest caffeine, use grass, crystal meth or cocaine, so does the fetus. The consequences of using cocaine, for example, include heart attacks, respiratory failure, strokes, and seizures -- a threat to the health of the mother and her unborn baby. Taking drugs during pregnancy also increases the chance of birth defects, premature babies, underweight babies, and stillborn births. Exposure to drugs such as marijuana and alcohol before birth has been shown to cause behavior problems in early childhood. These drugs can also affect the child's memory and attentiveness. In addition, some findings show that babies born to women who use cocaine, alcohol, or tobacco when they are pregnant may have brain structure changes that persist into early adolescence. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, exposure to cocaine in the womb can lead to deficits that usually show up in areas such as cognitive performance, information-processing, and attention to tasks.  Thrombolytic medication (clot-buster drug) is used to dissolve any clots that may be blocking blood flow in arteries and veins.  Osteoarthritis usually is treated by physical therapy with muscle-strengthening exercises, oral medications, hot and cold compresses to the painful joint, removal of joint fluid, injection of medications into the joint, use of supportive devices such as crutches or canes, and weight control. Surgery may be helpful to relieve pain when other treatment options have not been effective. The type of treatment prescribed will depend on several factors including your age, activities and occupation, overall health, medical history, location of your osteoarthritis, and severity of the condition. Medications may be prescribed to reduce pain caused by osteoarthritis. Pain-relieving medications include acetaminophen (for example, Tylenol) and anti-inflammatory drugs (often called NSAIDs), such as aspirin, ibuprofen, or Celebrex. Some medications in the form of creams, rubs, or sprays may be applied over the skin of affected areas to relieve pain. For some people with persistent pain despite these pills or creams, steroids can be injected directly into the joint for pain relief. These injections are typically limited since prolonged use can lead to bone and cartilage deterioration and weakness. The antidepressant Cymbalta (duloxetine) has been approved for osteoarthritis pain, as well. It's a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor, or SNRI, that was first approved by the FDA in 2004. Synvisc, Supartz, Euflexxa, Orthovisc, and Hyalgan are medications given as a series of three to five weekly joint injections that can relieve pain in some people with osteoarthritis. Currently, these drugs are only approved for knee osteoarthritis. When osteoarthritis pain is severe and other treatments are not working, some doctors will give stronger pain pills, such as narcotics. Unfortunately, none of these will reverse or slow the progression of joint damage caused by osteoarthritis.  Cholesterol-lowering drugs include: * Statins. * Niacin. * Bile-acid resins. * Fibric-acid derivatives. Cholesterol-lowering drugs are most effective when combined with a low-cholesterol diet and exercise program. Statins Statins block the production of cholesterol in the liver itself. They lower LDL, the "bad" cholesterol, and triglycerides and have a mild effect in raising HDL, the "good" cholesterol. These drugs are the first line of treatment for most people with high cholesterol. Side effects can include intestinal problems, liver damage, and in a few people, muscle tenderness or weakness. Examples of statins include: * Crestor. * Lipitor. * Lescol. * Mevacor. * Pravachol. * Zocor. Advicor is a combination of a statin and niacin. Caduet is a new drug that is a combination of a statin (Lipitor) and a blood pressure-lowering drug called Norvasc. Niacin Niacin is a B-complex vitamin. It's found in food, but is also available at high doses by prescription. It lowers LDL cholesterol and raises HDL cholesterol. The main side effects are flushing, itching, tingling, and headache, yet aspirin can reduce many of these symptoms. However speak with your doctor first. Niacin or nicotinic acid, includes the brand names Niacor, Niaspan, or Slo-niacin. Over-the-counter preparations include extended-release, timed-release, and controlled-release. Niacin found in dietary supplements should not be used to lower cholesterol. Your doctor or lipid specialist will let you know what type of niacin is best for you. Bile acid sequestrants These drugs work inside the intestine, where they bind to bile and prevent it from being reabsorbed into the circulatory system. Bile is made largely from cholesterol, so these drugs work by reducing the body's supply of cholesterol, thus lowering total and LDL cholesterol. The most common side effects are constipation, gas, and upset stomach. Examples of bile acid resins include: * Questran and Questran Light. * Colestid. * WelChol. Fibrates Fibrates lower triglyceride levels and can increase HDL and lower LDL cholesterol. It's thought that fibrates enhance the breakdown of triglyceride-rich particles and decrease the secretion of certain blood fats. Examples of fibrates include: * Tricor. * Lopid. * Lofibra. Cholesterol absorption inhibitors Zetia works to lower LDL by inhibiting the absorption of cholesterol in the intestines. Vytorin is a newer drug that is a combination of Zetia and a statin, and can decrease total and LDL cholesterol and raise HDL levels. In some cases, patients may be prescribed more than one cholesterol-lowering drug to achieve the desired results.  If you have moderate to severe scalp psoriasis, your doctor may prescribe an oral medication or one that's delivered by an injection or infusion. Oral medications include: Corticosteroids Cyclosporine Methotrexate Oral vitamin A derivative Oral vitamin D derivative. Because these medications can cause serious side effects, including liver damage, their use requires careful monitoring of patients by doctors. It's also important for patients to know that oral vitamin derivatives are different and more powerful than vitamin supplements bought over the counter. Ordinary vitamin A and D supplements are not useful for scalp psoriasis. The newest class of FDA-approved medications for scalp psoriasis are called biologics. These medications, which are delivered by injection or infusion, may modify the immune system in ways that help prevent the over-production and build-up of skin cells. According to the American Academy of Dermatology, four biologics may be effective for scalp psoriasis: alefacept (Amevive) efalizumab (Raptiva) etanercept (Enbrel) infliximab (Remicade). In November 2009, the FDA approved another biologic -- ustekinumab (Stelara) -- for the treatment of psoriasis.  The tongue is much like a sponge. Whatever you eat or drink it Absorbs. Are you a smoker? Smoking often can have adverse effects on oral health leaving the tongue " hairy" in texture and a yellowed colour. Dark pops will also leave a yellowed colour to the tongue. Make sure you are brushing the tongue when you brush the teeth to avoid the further growth of bacteria . There is a condition called yellow tongue which is usually self treatable. Yellow tongue occurs when bacteria of the mouth grow and create a colour pigment of yellow. It is suggested to quit smoking, brush the tongue several times a day and use mouth wash and to create a high fibre diet for yourself. If you are feeling really concerned you can wash mouth with 1 part peroxide, 5 parts water(do not swallow!). Once rinsed gargle water through the mouth for approximately 60 seconds to shake peroxide and bacteria loose. It is recommended that you should continue to check eyes for yellowing, as the next related cause could be jaundice. If concerns continue go see your MD.  Episodic hallucinations do not necessarily mean that they will reoccur since they can be brough about by several different temporary factors such as stress, lack of sleep, temporary emotional trauma or even possible drug interactions.  In my opinion, I would get a second opinion. Any physician that uses that terminology to label a patient is perhaps not specialized in addiction, which warrants a more comprehensive approach than general medicine.  The question is what antibiotics can I take or not take with Methadone!!! I don't know what it is. It's not just a cold/flu I was just trying to explain some of the symptoms without listing every little thing!  Talk to your pharmacist immediately.  I have had cold sores/fever blisters my whole life (must have gotten them as a small child), and the BEST way to prevent spreading & "quicken" the healing process is rubbing alcohol, applied with a Q-tip or cotton ball. I have spent countless amounts of money on OTC products over the years, and simple rubbing alcohol is the best combatant. I've noticed that the alcohol dulls the throbbing sensation that can be associated with cold sores, as well. You WANT to dry it out, as to keep the infected liquid from spreading (on your own lip or to others), which will in effect cause a larger/more cold sores to develop. Once it has scabbed over, the healing process has begun.  what can i do for a bad ear ake i am 39 years old and have a lot of health problems  probably not, because they are both diazapams  SYMPTONS OF A STROKE: dizziness constantly tired unexplained drop in bp vomiting head ache sensativity to light my mother in law had a blood clot in the brain steam. she described it as having a explosive mirgrain when she was awake. but all she did was sleep for hours and hours at time. she would wake up long enough to do the nesscities and back to bed she would go. do this for about 2 -3 days before but some ppl can do that for up to a month before they actally have one. ekg and blood work wont show any of these it's neurological. but wont show up on a ct because it shows the brain not the brain steam. which was where everything else came in. every sympton you mentionted plus nose bleeds and busted eye vessals but not every body does that, fact a lot of ppl do not.  If there is a reason for them to be yes. If your doing drugs and your pregnant, you should not be allowed to keep the baby.  WebMD is INCORRECT in this instance. I know for a fact that omeprazole and ALL PPI's (Proton Pump Inhibitors) CAN most definitely cause a false positive for THC. This is from several physicians (my own pain management doctor for one) and a relative who works for a testing firm that does drug testing for the federal government.  you bet and if it;s a court ordered UA it will come in as tampered with  MRSA, or Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcas Aureus, is a strain of the staph bacteria that is resistant to most treatments. It is spread primarily through skin to skin contact. The bacteria itself is very common, found on about 2 in every 100 people. The infection rate however is significantly lower. You should be fine unless you share clothes, sheets, razors, towels, or other personal items that have come in contact with her skin. It is not typically fatal, as most people infected have MRSA in the form of skin sores rather than a deadly blood, bone, or joint infection. It can most definitely be spread by sharing needles, so you should probably not share any of those with her, because I'm sure that's you reason for asking.  naprosym  I went to Medscape.com and put these two drugs in the drug interaction checker and there weren't any interactions. Here's the link so you can try it:  no it can not, unless they are checking for it. Most of the time they don't.  if you stop using it long enough, yes. it will eventually be filtered out by your kidneys.  leonard roberts  Occasional slurred speech was one of the symptoms I had before being diagonosed with a meningioma. If the psychiatrist doesn't have an explanation, you should get a second opinion. I was misdiagnosed until I had a third opinion, when an MRI was ordered and a massive size meningioma was found. I had other symptoms as well. I'll never understand why it took 3 physicians before finally having an MRI ordered. My health insurance plan covered 100%.  I started taking OTC magnesium supplement (500mg) along with B-12 (2500mcg) daily for fibro symptoms a couple of years ago. They help with my energy level (if I run out or stop for any reason, I really can tell a difference) and a nice side effect of the magnesium - helps with constipation and makes my migraines less intense. My Dr did not tell me to take these, but he says they will not interfere with my Rx meds, so I keep taking them.  My husband has been dionoised with rhomatoid and osteoarthritis what can we expect  As I have found out over the past 2 yrs, hallucinations can be caused by a number of things. I would recommend talking to a psychiatrist. My son started having hallucinations 2 yrs ago. His hallucinations we found out were caused by anxiety. Hallucinations can also be caused by depression among other things. Talk to a therapist or a psychiatrist than can assist you with your hallucinations.  the doctor might do dilata instead of morphine  I may show up on the urine test. However, that should not stop them from finding what they are looking for in the urine test.  Usually they can change the medication or ad to it. And since you mentioned that he has had a shock treatment. I am sure he is suffering sever depression. At this point with no results. I would see another Dr. And get a second opinion.  Yes, it is called Salagen. However the next time you see the pharmacist ask them. As they are always helpful, and will usually tell you if there is a generic for any of the meds you are taking.  I have fibromyalgia and take magnesium on the recommendation of my chiropractor. Before taking magnesium, I had the same problem with three different anti-depressants. After taking each for more than a year, I found myself tensing my muscles constantly. I would awaken with my jaw and all the muscles in my body tightly clenched, which increased my pain, causing a downward spiral. My chiropractor told me that anti-depressants strip magnesium from your body. Now that I take magnesium, I very rarely awaken with tensed muscles, and I've been able to stay on Cymbalta, which works great for me. I did have problems with diarrhea for a few months a year ago. A GI specialist wanted me to stop the magnesium. After experimenting, I realized calcium supplements seemed to cause the problem, not the magnesium. I take a form of magnesium that is supposed to be easier to digest. So I'm not taking calcium currently.  Can one use laxative or gas relieving meds during diverticulitis attacks?  Myasthenia Gravis. Especially if it is better in the morning and gets worse as the day progresses. It's an autoimmune disorder that causes muscle weakness by blocking your acetylcholine receptors. Basically, you start to lose control of voluntary muscles, usually starting with droopy eyes and/or slurred speech. As someone who has MG, I can attest to the fact that it can seem as though you're drunk when your muscles stop doing what you tell them to do. It is important to see someone, especially since it can start to affect your swallowing or your breathing. I do know someone who seems to be controlling it with an anti-inflammatory diet, but she doesn't have any generalized symptoms (like slurred speech), just ocular symptoms.  I've yet to find an over the counter remedy. The only real relief I've had is a long term use of Doxycycline - I've been to numerous dermatologists and have tried many different options (both prescription and over the counter)  something scared u, in our family when something scares u that is what hapens. we let a father from church pray over us and it releaves us a little to where we can talk about it and help one another take that fear and smoothe the process out and lets us rest.  it depends  yes its a controlled substance but it can also help with some forms of cancer  If you're 18 or older Advil Migrane and Excedrin Migrane are really good. I don't know about all around pain relievers. Advile migrane is a gel, so it is easy to swallow and fast-acting, it also lasts all day. Excedrin Migrane is supposedly the safest and #1 nuerologist reccomended migrane medicine. Also if you're not talking about a migrane just a really bad headache, please don't take these because these are really strong drugs and can hurt you if they are in your system fro no reason.  Can heavy lifting for years cause DJD  Probably not; but not studied adequately to assure safety. Ask your PCP next visit.  Cialis can cause decreased tone of the LES in the distal esophagus predisposing to active GERD symptoms, particularly in patients whose systolic BP decreases for the initial 2-3 hours following ingestion. While not considered to be an absolute contraindication, except in those with known IHD, the patient should discuss this tendency with his PCP before continuing to take Cialis at any dose.   My right side shoulder has pain that makes it hard to turn my neck  there is some new research from an Australian company called viradux. Their website has some good info on this. I am using theor anti herpetic crme an having good results. Cheers!  There is no way around this. You need to contact you GP. Make certain you are honest with what you have been doing with the weed. I am not going to speculate what has happened. Good Luck and please be grateful that you have had your mitral valve replaced.  Hello. I have had sleeping problems in the past and have been on medication for the better part of 13 years, You might make an apointment and ask about upping your dosage, or mabe asking to try another medication that might be more effective for you, since all peoples bodies respond differently. Hope this helped :)  ive had migraines for almost 5 years now and no meds or other treatments has helped me. and now i realized that with the caffeine abuse i do and anxiety these could be the cause of my migraines. idk about you (what causes your migraines) but it does sounds like you need to see a neurologist. they can do an EEG to look at your brain activity  You need to see a neurologist as soon as possible!  nonrejection  is that a contraceptive?  blood chemistry is returning to normal range  I found out on my own. It was approved by the FDA in 1985.  I wouldn't say that the after effects of child birth would cause a bad odor, mostly bad vaginal odors are from infections or poor hygiene. Do you or did you have any symptoms of Bacterial Vaginosis? Amoxicillin can be helpful with BV but i wouldn't say that it will cure it, if you have the symptoms you should go to a doctor and get the proper medication. Bacterial Vaginosis Primary Symptoms Vaginal discharge: The discharge is usually yellow or green, but some women have noticed a gray or even white discharge with BV. Vaginal odor: The odor is the most common and noticeable symptom which smells fishy. If you notice this odor, you have Bacterial vaginosis and need to seek treatment. After sexual activity: The vaginal discharge will be increased with the same odor. Bacterial vaginosis Secondary Symptoms Swollen vagina Vaginal itch Pain during sexual intercourse Urination is painful Burning sensation in the vagina Irritation of the vagina  you can get mrsa though any open sore or scrach. the infected person might not even know they have mrsa untill they show symptoms.  NO  DO not know  Why is there no answer?  no  yes  We deal with psoriasis.We employ fumigation-washing therapy, in which secret prescriptions are used to nourish the blood so that the skin flourishes. The prescription is individualized to treat both symptoms and root causes of the disease. The achievements are remarkable.curevitiligo@aliyun .com or www.vitiligotcm.com  I was prescribed the same meds for sleep. I had trouble staying asleep after the first 3 to 4 hrs. I found that it was best to take it about 30 to 45 min before you retire, but take it with warm milk or a cup of hot tea. ( WATCH YOUR SUGAR OR SWEETNER ) It seems to help me relax more than if I took it with water. Also you could try taking Melatonin with it. It is natural and won't hurt you or cause an overdose effect. The combination helps me sleep about 5 1/2 to 7 hours per night. If that is ineffective you might just need to talk with your doctor about getting a stronger script of the same medication. It is a great sleep aid! It is in the Benzodiazepine family i.e. : Valium products if memory serves me....?-?-I think LOL Getting old bites!!!! :-) ;-) I hope that this helps... Also please keep this in mind- After my doctor increased the strength of my prescription, I had a sleep walking event... I woke up at about 2:30 am and scoured the bathroom from top to bottom. Even went for a walk.. I don't remember anything about it " AT ALL " . Just be careful if your doctor increases the dosage amount.. Sleep well!!! :-) THE BEST OF LUCK !!!!!! :-) gypsy459  A drug profile is almost always tested in a prenatal panel. Best thing to do is to come clean to your doc and make sure you aren't putting the process of becoming pregnant at risk. Of course if you become pregnant and there is heroin in your system that can still cause damage to the fetus. Plus, the dr. can alert child services if you are pregnant with a positive drug test.  In most cases, NSAIDS are not recommended to be taken while on a blood thinner. NSAIDS include ibuprofen, brand names are Motrin, Advil, and Aleve as being the most common. A safe otc med to take is Tylenol with of course the ok from your doctor. Everyone is different and it depends on what your most recent PT/INR levels are and what you are on the blood thinner for.  You might want to look up information about Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder or (PMDD). It's a severe form of PMS. I had PMDD and was on anti-depressants as well, but right around the time I was due for my menstrual cycle, I too felt like my meds weren't working. Keep trying to get in touch with your psychiatrist.....  what gram of celexa is best for an adult male, weight 230lbs.?  Sertraline has half-life of about 26 hr. It may take 5 to 6 days to clear out of the system. Some people say it depends on the amount of time you have been taking the zoloft, but according this website http://www.emedexpert.com/facts/sertraline-facts.shtml that is not the case. I hope this helps.  have no idea  I always take mine as needed. It is very addictive.  what medication helps rid venous clots  SIMVASTATIN  . The first step toward weaning oneself off type 2 diabetic (and almost all medication) is to change the lifestyle that got you to your state of poor health. Diet is #1 in my book followed closely by exercise. One can diet all they want and achieve good results but unless you are willing to commit to a change in your lifestyle of eating and or exercise you are wasting your time! You stop eating right, you stop exercising right and soon you will be back to where you started, sick! 18 yrs ago I was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. For 16 of those years I took pills, dieted, I exercised but never could get this monkey off my back. In fact at one point I gave up and said ok , like the doc said, you have genetically caused diabetes so learn to live with it! I ballooned to 240 lbs, suffered with high blood pressure, hi triglycerides, and taking the max dosage of Lantus and the Max dose of metformin. I used the gym on a regular basis but never could get my A1C even to 7.0!! Then I discovered a lifestyle of eating that turned all that around. I am at 155lbs now and off all meds and will never go back to eating what people increasingly realizing is the cause of all our health problems, The Sad American Diet! Full of additives, fructose syrups, sugars, processed grains, processed meats. . Once we started to cook with and use unprocessed foods, cut out all the Fast foods, junk foods like ice cream, all processed grains, all fat cuts of meat and ate mostly fresh or fresh cooked veggies and fresh or fresh cooked fruits, lots of nuts and seeds (like sunflower).. My A1c was 6.1 my TOTASL cholesterol was 144 and my B/P 105/65 with a perfect full blood profile in December! Step 1 is to make up your mind to take control of your eating and get the unhealthy state of your body turned around. Step 2 is, make sure you get plenty of exercise, get off your duff and walk, run, join the gym (and go there). If you are handicapped see your doctor about getting help! Step 3. (and most important) permanently change your lifestyle of eating. Most diabetics can decrease their meds simply by eating the right foods. Eventually if you stay on your new lifestyle your insulin resistance WILL start decreasing and with this you can wean yourself off all med!!! Blood pressure, cholesterol, diabetic, etc. Step4. Vow NEVER to go back to the lifestyle that got you to type 2 diabetes, clogged arteries, whatever your health situation was! My recommendation for a lifestyle change is the route I took to heart that really made a difference in my health! They call it the PH diet (you will learn if you read most any of the many books on this they will call it a lifestyle because diets do not work!!!! Remember, you did something wrong to get you where you are, change it and dont do it again, EVER!!!  PS: I am now off all meds for any health problem!!!  I also have osteoarthritis in my joints. I have been using celadrin for the past 2 months and have noticed a huge difference in the swelling and pain level in my knees. I don't feel the grinding any more either. Maybe you can ask your Dr. about this?    Your body probably just got use to the drug. Talk to your doctor. Maybe he can increase your dose or you can talk about other medications.  I would definitely seek help to start detoxification from all of that. Just be up front and honest with physicians and they will help you come off. It won't be easy, but nothing in life worth having is easy. Just remember that you are strong and you can do it. Life will be better sober. Best of luck.  No Way do not take any sleep meds when you are having a baby  Marijuana will stay in your system for 30 days. The best way to cleanse your system is with Golden Seal, water, and Niacin 500mg twice per day.  First of all ANYONE can get HIV, just because he's a banker sweety, does not mean he's immune. I have a feeling you're a smart girl so just be smart about this, use a spermicide with the condom in case of those unexpected accidents, I actually got pregnant using a condom so they are NOT 100 percent full proof in any way, and if you're that paranoid, the only one true answer you're going to get from me to assuage your crippling paranoia? Abstinence.  Natural remedies include Hypercium Mysorense and Nosodes. Using medicines having these as ingredients can help a patient to a great extent. However, before using one must do research on it.  Allopathic system believes that genital herpes is incurable. It has been discovered that natural remedies help to prevent recurrent outbreaks by boosting immune system. Herbs such as Hypericum Mysorense, is traditionally believed to have antiviral properties.  I have a pain pump. They have several meds besides morphine that can b used...I.e. Dilaudid(sp?)... I get just around 1.1mg per day of morphine without any side effects at all.  They may question why you have such clear pee. It will probably still test dirty and they will most likely ask you if you've tried to flush something out of your system. Just say NO and you won't have to worry about it. I used to have ways to beat the system too, but you always get caught sooner or later. It's not worth it unless you want to be on paper forever.  Yes. Drugs of the sulfonamide group (the sulfa drugs you are talking about) are chemically unrelated to sulfates.  Suboxone is a controlled substance and an opoid that is used to treat opoid addiction as well as pain. It is likely that it will show up in a urine drug test, however if this is in regards to a drug test for a job or something of that sort, providing the prescription information will allow the screening company to verify that the drug is being taken under the direction of a physician and can be cleared.  Diovan (generic name is valsartan) and losartan (brand name Cozaar) are members of the same family of drugs. Now, if you are truly allergic to Diovan and not simply experiencing a side-effect of the drug, I would talk to your doctor.  While alcohol may not be advised, it should be noted that alcohol does not interfere with the prevpac antibiotic drugs. Alcohol usually inflamates or produces more acidity in the stomach. Alcohol may also cause the absorption of the antibiotics to be delayed.  Why have you not gone to the doctor? It could literally be anything. From HIV to a dangerous flu or disease.  