sometimes ear wax makes sort of like a bubble, you popped the bubble, usually the pain and loudness goes away in like.... 5 minutes, if you did it years ago, you might have busted your eardrum , hope it gets better ????  the baby might have whooping cough, get her/him checked out for whooping cough, it might also be just bad allergies, maybe asthma ????  it could be a bug go into the ear, or a ugly ear infection. you should take her to the doctor and have it looked at.  Try half of an adult dose unless he has rottweiler in him.  Unfortunately most sinus infections are viral and just have to run their course. Antibiotics just put you at risk for many other problems (take my advice, yeast infections and c-diff are not fun) and aren't helpful for viral infections. Unfortunately from what i remember from my own personal experience, viral tends to hang on longer and seem more severe. Drink lots of water and keep up with the ibuprofen. Everyone recommended a netty pot when I was sick. Never tried it but my nursing friends swear by it.  An endocrinologist is usually the type physician used to coordinate the care of thyroid cancer. Follicular thyroid cancer involves several different steps and an endocrinologist will be able to guide your treatment program so that at each stage you see the most appropriate consultant. The first step in the treatment of suspected follicular thyroid cancer is a total or near-total thyroidectomy. This type of operation can be tricky and you want to make sure you are referred to a surgeon with a lot of experience in thyroid surgery. Once the thyroid is removed, the diagnosis of follicular thyroid cancer must be confirmed. This type of thyroid cancer, unlike the more common thyroid cancer, papillary thyroid cancer, cannot be accurately diagnosed by a fine needle aspiration. This is the procedure when a doctor puts a needle into a thyroid nodule and draws out some cells. Fine needle aspiration can only be used to diagnose a follicular tumor. A follicular tumor may be either benign or cancerous. A surgical specimen is required to determine that the tumor is cancerous and has the ability to spread to other sites. When the diagnosis of follicular thyroid cancer is confirmed surgically, and the thyroid has been removed, the next step in the treatment is radioactive iodine (I-131). This is used to kill off any remaining thyroid cancer cells. Once the thyroid has been removed and destroyed, scans and blood tests can be used to check for recurrence. After surgery and radioiodine ablation, thyroid cancer patients are given thyroid hormone replacement to replace the hormone and prevent any thyroid growth. An endocrinologist will be able to support you through this entire process.  Here's what I suggest: Four infections in peak cold and flu season (winter=October through April). Three infections in non-peak season (summer). Three months of persistent residual fluid behind the eardrum. Three back-to-back courses of antibiotics for the same ear infection. If your child fits into one of these categories, ask your child's doctor about a specialist referral.  I don't have an answer, I have the same problem and am looking for an answer.  Hello Dr, I think I need to give you a little more information. 9 days ago I went to the ER at 3AM because of pain in my ear. They said I had a middle ear infection and prescribed me Augmentin. That didn't work so well, so I went to my doctor yesterday morning and she gave me the injection and said that I had a middle and inner ear infection. She called the eardrops into the pharmacy in case the injection didnt work. She also gave me a nasal spray (NASACORT) and Zyrtec. I am just wondering how long I should wait for this injection to work before I go grab these drops  A boatload of reasons could be responsible for balance problem. Among the reasons are some of the following: - infections, - low blood sugar, - low blood pressure, - vision disturbances, - medications, - T. I.A.'s or mini strokes, - irregular heartbeats, - tumors of the brain, - middle ear infections, - muscular or joint injuries, - even nutritional deficiencies, and many other reasons. It seems like you have eliminated the ear (one of the most notorious reasons for balance disturbance issues). If you do not feel that your knee is slipping out from under you, and you don't recall any trauma to the area, and being a year post knee surgery, that would also seem to eliminate the knee. I would start-out with your family doctor who may complete an interview of your health and symptoms, complete a physical examination, and order some blood work. These measures should eliminate some of the many possible causes of your distress. The final steps to reaching a diagnosis may require other testing and possibly being referred to medical specialist such as a neurologist, cardiologist, or eye doctor.   Earache treatment should be based upon the specific cause. A diagnosis by a medical professional is highly suggested . Some treatment options include prescription antibiotics in the form of ear drops or oral administration for up to 10 days for infections.Prescription strength pain medication may also be ordered for a few days.Treatment methods at home include O.T.C. pain medications, some O.T.C. ear drops to reduce pain and possible swelling, heating of sesame oil w/ a clove of garlic (after removing the garlic put a few drops into the ear canal), Castor plant is warmed with sesame oil and a few drops placed in the ears canal, and linseed oil heated w/ a clove a garlic (remove the garlic clove and place a few drops in the ear canal), and warm compresses.There are many other home remedies using plants , herbs, and oils. They should be used w/caution only after discussing them with your doctor. Below is a link that will access a WebMd article on the topic. http://www.webmd.com/drugs/condition-1400-Earache.aspx?diseaseid=1400&diseasename=Earache  I am sorry for ear hurting. I've had earaches and know how painful they can be. Treatment of an earache is dependent on its cause. Did the ENT doctor, in addition to eliminating infection and TMJ, have any other diagnostic guesses on the cause of your pain? Some reasons for earaches include: - Moisture in the ear canal, - Wax build-up, - Sinus problems, - Ear drum injuries, - Rupture of the eardrum due to loud noises, - and many other causes. I personally would not put anything into my ear unless prescribed by a doctor. Self medicating of earaches is discouraged. With that said, a few drops of hydrogen peroxide should not be harmful. Other "Old Time Home Remedies" that I've heard about are warm ginger ale drops, warm sesame oil with garlic drops (the healing prosperities of garlic have been well documented) ,and warm compresses applied carefully so as not to burn sensitive skin around the ear. The best advise is to follow up with the ENT doctor for specific treatment instructions If that is not possible, then you should see another doctor. If your pain becomes worse or does not go away in a few days, then a visit to your hospital's emergency room is justified. I wouldn't put off seeking professional medical treatment very long. Waiting too long to receive professional treatment for your earache may lead to permanent hearing loss.  You may have developed heat exhaustion. Being outside in 90 degree heat for three hours can cause heat exhaustion symptoms such as headaches, fatigue, disorientation, and lightheadedness. Engaging in any work related activity under 90 degree temperatures can exacerbate the severity of your headaches. The ear ringing and tingling teeth are not typical symptoms associated with heat exhaustion, but may be additional signs of body temperature and balance irregularities unique to your body. Perspiration happens in response to the body attempting to cool down. In order for perspiration to achieve its intended mission, adequate body fluids must be available and the air flow must be conducive to absorption into the skin. In your question you state in part, "I have been walking a long time and was sweating a lot until the last 10 minutes of the trip." Based on that statement, I believe you stopped perspiring (perhaps due to dehydration) and your body became over-heated.  Well you should bring her to the doctor. I had a tick on my armpit once and the doctor was a big help he dug the whole tick out.  If you have had this for 5 days or more, see your doc asap. It could be many different things, and out little lymph nodes seem to be the first thing we notice when other things are wrong. The list is too long to even guess, so see your doctor and never ignore any swollen glands, they are swollen for a reason, ever notice that is some of the very first things a doctor or nurse as myself will check when you come to the office? Make an appt, let me know how it goes  Rod is wrong. It is not always safe, you have to wait at a minimum of two weeks before gauging up or you can blow out your ears (break the hole). He is also wrong about the fact that they will heal up, depending on the size you have gauged to. A size 0 or bigger guarantees permanence, smaller sizes do heal with time especially if you are young. Also, be sure to clean new products as sometimes you will bleed, but if done right and slow you won't have that problem. I have 1/2 inch holes and many times I wear flower gauges that cover it and no one even notices. I think it's beautiful but to each his own.  I'm looking for the same answer, if I find it first, I will let u know.  Have you seen a pulminologist? It sounds like cough-variant asthma. My son has this form of asthma, the asthma meds help control the coughing.  I forgot to mention, my son's xrays are always clear and he rarely ever wheezes. But he does have asthma. I have seen improvements from being on different inhalers. Although we are still trying to figure out how severe his case is since even prednisone doesn't fix the cough now.  Could be. I strongly advise you to go to your Doctor.    One may have the wrong strenght in their personal/and or reading glasses.  What did she eat?She may have an allergic reaction.When she sleeps keep her head propped up so she don't risk the chance of choking.  Definitely! In a sinus infection, the tubes which clear fluid from the ears can easily be blocked, giving pain behind the jaw and below the ears. I have had these several times, now, and once the infection actually affected my jaw, itself. Make sure that you get on anti-biotics for the infection, try saline sinus rinses (Neti-pot, or suchlike), an OTC spray called "Alkolol" (an ancient formula, but it works wonders!) Last thing that I learned during my last sinus infection - DO NOT USE DECONGESTANTS!!!  Generally the treatment of choice for keloids is injections of cortisone, and what the cortisone does is it helps eliminate some of that collagen that overgrows, that makes the keloid scar happen. Lasers can be used as well, that can knock out the blood vessel that's supporting that overgrowth of collagen and can help flatten, but typically, I generally soften the keloid with cortisone injections done once a month, over several months, and then sometimes I will add laser in for an added benefit.  It could be psoriasis or a condition called seborrheic dermatitis. Both are chronic conditions but have different underlying causes and somewhat different treatments. You can start by using a salicylic acid-based wash and OTC hydrocortisone, and a salicylic acid or tar-based shampoo. If it does not improve, your dermatologist will be able to evaluate and offer prescription treatments to better control the condition.  OMG NO, NO Go see your Doctor immediately, LIKE NOW !!!!  Has a Doctor verified you have an ear infection ? I had HORRIBLE pain in my ear. I went through 5 courses of antibiotics before the decision was made that I should see a Specialist. The problem was not in my ear, the glands in my neck were blocked and were pressing against my ear. I had a huge bulge under my jaw from the infection. I had surgery at MD Anderson Hospital almost a year ago and all is fine.  Chances are your dog just likes to lick your nose and ears. It's unlikely that the dog is doing so because there is any kind of health problem  The symptoms you described happen often in people that work out without drinking enough water. Even if you think you're drinking plenty, try drinking more and see what happens.  I'm sorry to hear your son went through that. I'm sure it was quite distressing. The technical term for what your son experienced is " ." This happens to many people when they are about to get poked with a needle. A vasovagal attack is the most common cause of fainting. What happened to your son will have no lasting health effect. He should be fine. Your son can help prevent this from happening in the future by letting medical personnel know he has fainted in the past from a needle stick. It is nothing to be ashamed of. When we know of this in advance, we can help patients to relax and avoid fainting during a procedure. Your son also should focus on taking slow, deep breaths the next time he has to have blood drawn. This will help him avoid fainting. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear this is upsetting you. It's always unsettling when something goes noticeably wrong with any of our senses. Many things can cause the faint ringing you describe in your ear. Some fluid in the middle ear could cause it. Impacted cerumen (ear wax) could cause it. Tinnitus could cause it. I would not jump to the conclusion you might be losing your hearing. That would be an extreme-case scenario. Your best bet is to start with a visit to your primary health care provider. He or she can look in your ears to see if wax is causing the problem, or if possibly you have an ear infection brewing. If your doctor or nurse practitioner can't determine any cause for the ringing in your ear, he or she can refer you to a person who specializes in hearing disorders for further evaluation. Try not to worry too much about this. Chances are good it's something that will either go away on its own or can be treated. Wishing you well!  Medication mix-ups happen all the time. Sometimes, they can be serious. In your case, luckily, no so much. Putting a single dose of antibiotic drops in your healthy ear should have no adverse effects on the ear at all. You should not continue treating that ear, however. Just use the drops as directed on the infected ear, and all should be well. Also, do not try to "rinse out" or otherwise "clean" the antibiotic drops out of your healthy ear. There's no reason to do this, and you could wind up causing an infection or perforating your ear drum. Hope this sets your mind at ease! Take care!  I'm sorry you're going through this. Pain is never fun! I would urge you to get in to see your doctor as soon as possible. What you're describing does not sound like a migraine at all, but it could possibly be an ear infection. In rare cases, an untreated ear infection can move into the bone behind the ear. This normally happens in children and is called . No matter what the underlying cause of this pain is, the fact it's ongoing and seems to be getting worse means you need medical attention. If you can't get an office visit, it's probably time for a visit to urgent care. Feel better!  I'm sorry to hear you're experiencing this. Chronic sinus problems are not uncommon and, unfortunately, there isn't always a good solution to fixing them. In answer to your question: No, ear wax and sinus problems are not related. (also called "cerumen") is a combination of skin cells, skin oils, dust and other debris that can build up in the ear canal (the outer portion of the ear). People obsess about ear wax sometimes, but unless your health care provider tells you to do something about the wax, you can simply clean the ear canal with a damp washcloth. Don't go poking cotton swabs in there! The swooshing sound you're describing when you stand up quickly may or may not be related to your sinuses or your . Many people experience a phenomenon called " ," which is fancy talk for "a sudden drop in blood pressure when standing." You could possibly "hear" this when it occurs. Or you could have fluid in your Eustachian tubes. Only a health care provider can tell for sure. I'd suggest you continue to see your family doctor about the problem and discuss whether or not s/he would refer you to a different ENT doctor. There may be new treatments available since you last investigated this problem. Hope this helps!  So sorry to hear you're going through this! Congestion in the ears is not only annoying, it can become painful if it doesn't clear up quickly. One thing you can try is an over-the-counter decongestant medication. Decongestants basically work by drying up excess fluid, whether the fluid is located in the ears, nose, or wherever. Note that a decongestant is not the same as an allergy pill. Be sure to read the label carefully for dosing instructions. A pharmacist can help you choose a product and explain how to take it. If you develop a fever, congestion (fluid build up) in your chest, or a "productive" cough (meaning, you're coughing up mucus), you'd do well to see your health care provider. These can be symptoms of something other than a common cold. Also, the symptoms of a common cold should clear up within a week or so. And don't forget to drink plenty of fluids, especially plain water. Water can help keep those secretions (body fluids) thin, which makes them easier to eliminate by sneezing or coughing. Best wishes to you!  Any time someone reports symptoms on just one side of the body (unilaterally), it raises a few red flags. You could be describing something as simple as an inflamed lymph node or as complex as cancer. There's no way to tell without doing a physical examination. I suggest you make an appointment with your primary health care provider, to start with. He or she will make an initial evaluation and diagnosis and then refer you to a specialist if necessary. I don't want you to be alarmed about this. Chances are, these symptoms don't point to anything ominous. But why not get checked out, just to be safe? Wishing you all the best!  I'm so sorry you lost your aunt. It's always difficult to lose a loved one. You have my sympathy. The good news is there's probably nothing seriously wrong with your ear or your hearing. Everyone has those episodes you describe, where your hearing suddenly goes out and is replaced by a loud ringing or pulsing sound. We don't know what causes that. Could be a sudden shift in blood pressure; could be some impacted ear wax suddenly pulling away from the eardrum. Who knows? If you're truly concerned, I suggest you make a visit to your primary healthcare provider's office for a check-up. Make sure your blood pressure is normal and that you don't have an ear infection or any impacted cerumen (wax). A regular physical exam will cover all these bases. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear of your husband's health problems. It's difficult when they begin to stack up like that. Several things could cause your husband's ears to turn purple when he lies down. The most likely thing is a lack of oxygen due to congestive heart failure. You might see if propping up his head and back on extra pillows makes the purple ears go away. This is something you should talk to your husband's doctor about. Because it started happening recently, your husband's doctor will want to know about it. I suggest you call for an appointment. Hope this helps! Take care.  It's impossible to say what this might be without performing a physical examination, unfortunately. There are many structures, such as and , in the area you mention. These could become swollen and painful, or it could be something else entirely. If this swelling doesn't clear up within a few days (or if you start to run a fever), it would be worth getting this checked out by a doctor. Any time there is swelling on one side of the body but not the other, you can't go wrong getting it checked. That said, just because you're experiencing unilateral swelling doesn't mean it's anything serious. Lymph nodes, for example, often become enlarged in one small area on a temporary basis and then return to normal size. I hope this helps!  If you're talking about cleaning out your children's ear canals, then my advice is "don't." Many people get overzealous about cleaning inside the ear. In truth, it's not necessary. is produced naturally by the body to help protect the ear canal. It normally will work its way from the inner part of the canal to the outer part of the ear, where you can wipe it away with a damp towel. Using a cotton swab or any other implement to "clean" inside the ear can push the wax back into the ear or even rupture the eardrum. All you need to do to clean a child's ears is take a soft, damp cloth a gently wipe the part of the ear that you can see. It's as simple as that. I hope this helps!  Unfortunately, your question is lacking crucial information to provide a good answer. How old is your son? Has he received routine childhood vaccines? Enlarged lymph nodes can signal a variety of potential conditions. Your best bet is to take your son to his pediatrician for an exam. If your son has not been immunized against (the MMR vaccine), you definitely should seek medical attention. Mumps in a young man (generally older than age 10) can cause a related condition called , which is swelling of the testicles. This can cause fertility problems down the road. Regardless of your son's immunization status, having enlarged lymph nodes is not normal, and you should seek medical attention. If your son is running a high fever, you should seek emergency medical treatment. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Facial pain can be very uncomfortable. I'd suggest you see a health care provider to get this checked out. A number of conditions can cause the symptoms you describe, including , , or even an abscessed tooth. I can also think of several other possibilities, which is why you need to undergo a physical exam and perhaps some other testing to figure out what's causing this problem. Some of these conditions are more prevalent among certain age groups or in women versus men. If the pain doesn't clear up within a few days, I'd suggest you call your primary care physician for an appointment. I hope you feel better soon!  I'm sorry you're going through this. I want to caution you, however, that you should never self-administer antibiotics. It's this type of usage that is causing a rise in the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Your best bet is to see a medical professional. Your condition can only be diagnosed through a physical exam and possibly some other testing, such as a throat swab or blood work. It could, as you speculate, be a virus. If it is, it should clear up in 7-14 days. No antibiotics required. However, it could be something other than a virus. Many conditions can cause the symptoms you're describing, from an inflamed salivary gland to an abscessed tooth. The only way to find out is to visit a health care provider. I wish you all the best!  I'm right there with you. I often describe this sound as the "ppt, ppt, ppt" of bubbles rising to the surface of water. But I can see how it could sound like crackling to you. Let me ask you this: Have you been feeling dizzy? Balance problems? Do you sometimes feel you're walking off-kilter? If so, you may be having trouble with your otoliths. Sometimes called the "ear stones," the otoliths actually are tiny organs in the inner ear. These highly sensitive organs help your brain sense the effects of gravity and acceleration. In the very simplest of terms, these organs consist of tiny hairs topped by a tiny...well..stone made of limestone and protein. These stones (called "otoconia") can fall off their hairs and roll down into other parts of the ear, where they don't belong. When this happens, you may be able to actually hear the stones rolling about. This situation isn't dangerous, on its own. However, it can cause you to feel dizzy and lose your balance resulting in falls. Interestingly, the otoconia sometimes can be put back in place by having a physician manipulate your head in a particular sequence of movements. This often cures the dizziness and balance problems. Regardless of what is causing this crackling sound you describe, it's worth getting it checked out by a medical professional. It could be something as simple as a piece of ear wax grinding against your eardrum, or it could be an issue with your otoliths. It's worth finding out. Wishing you well!  I'm confused. If the MRI showed bilateral , why would you believe that's not the cause of your symptoms? Mastoiditis is an infection of the skull bone that lies just behind the ear. It normally is treated with oral antibiotics because it's a bacterial infection. Ear drops also are frequently used. If you have any questions about your diagnosis or treatment, you should call your health care provider's office for a call back or to make an appointment to see your doctor. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry you've been going through this and want to tell you you've suffered long enough. It's time to get you some help. The behavior you're describing can be caused by a few different things. I'd suggest you begin by seeing your primary health care provider to rule out any sort of neurological problem. If you get a clean bill of health, then I'd suggest you see a counselor or psychotherapist. Many people cope with stress by hitting or cutting themselves, so please do not feel embarrassed to seek help for this problem. Sometimes, the issue can be solved with just a few visits to a therapist. Other times, it may take a bit longer. You don't deserve the abuse you're experiencing. You deserve relief from this behavior. I urge you to seek attention for this. Be well!  No, absolutely not. In the first place, ear mites in animals aren't usually treated with oral antibiotics. In the second place, you shouldn't have any "leftover" antibiotics to give your dog. Whenever you receive a prescription for antibiotics, it's crucial . If you stop taking the antibiotics before they're all gone, it may contribute to the rise of antibiotic-resistant germs, like . Please don't ever try to "save" or conserve antibiotics for another illness. You need to take them all. But back to your dog. It's impossible for a lay person to diagnose ear mites. This diagnosis requires an examination by a veterinarian using a lighted scope and other diagnostic tests. Please take your pet to a veterinarian if you believe he has a health problem.  Rather than a doctor, I'd recommend you try a dentist. While emergency rooms generally will treat a dental problem, most doctors defer to dentists for all things tooth-related. And your issues sound tooth-related. If there is an infection developing, your dentist either will treat it or will refer you for medical treatment. It's possible for a dental infection to cause ear pain, facial swelling, and the other symptoms you describe. So...off to the emergency dental center for you! Or call your regular dentist, explain the situation, and try to get in today. If they can't see you, ask them to recommend an alternative provider. Dental infections are nothing to mess around with. Feel better soon!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. The fear of having cancer must be very tough for you to cope with. I'm glad to hear you have a mammogram scheduled. That is a good starting point, and it sounds like your health care provider is on top of your situation. While you wait, try to remember that worrying will only cause you misery and can even have a negative impact on your immune system. Look for support from family and friends. Try to distract yourself. Focus on the many positive things in your life, no matter how small they may seem. If you can try to get a massage or otherwise pamper yourself to relieve your excessive stress. Even though you have a family history of cancer, it's not a sure bet you have cancer, too. It's entirely possible your breast lump is benign (non-cancerous) and that your other symptoms can be attributed to a virus or even stress. I know it's hard, but try to work on reducing your stress level and staying as healthy as possible as you work through the process of getting a diagnosis. Take care of yourself!  Great question! As a matter of fact, temperature measured orally does differ from temperature measured in the ear. In fact, there are several different ways to measure temperature, and they all provide slightly different readings. Generally, an ear (or "tympanic membrane") temperature reads slightly higher than an oral temperature. An armpit temperature is slightly lower than an oral temperature. It's important to note there isn't really an exact norm for . Your oral temperature usually can be several degrees cooler than 98.6 and around 1 degree higher yet still be considered in the "normal" range. Hope this helps!  My short answer to your question is this: Any time you've got a lump on the head, and you're worried about it, it's OK to go see the doctor. A major point I want to make is this: Never, take a blood-thinning pain reliever, such as Advil (ibuprofen, also goes by the name Motrin), aspirin (brand names Excedrin, Bufferin, Anacin, etc.), or naproxyn (brand names Alleve, Naprosyn), after hitting your head. These medications can cause bleeding, which could turn a not-so-serious injury into a very serious injury. I'm glad your husband seems to be doing fine, and it's always better for the swelling to be on the outside of the skull than the inside. However, if your husband has (the black dots at the center of his eyeball), slurred speech, or loss of balance, you should take him to the doctor right away. These can be signs of a more serious head injury. With a bruise the size you're describing, it's likely your husband has suffered a . These may range from mild to severe. Again, if you have any concerns about the extent of his head injury, your safest bet is always to seek medical attention.Since it's been more than 24 hours since the accident, you don't need to rush to the emergency room. But you definitely can get evaluated at an urgent care facility or ask your primary care provider to work your husband in for an appointment soon. Best wishes to you!  It's hard to answer a question like this without a physical examination. I can give you some general thoughts on this matter. 1. What you're observing could be perfectly normal. A vein can appeal to be "bulging" if a person has very pale skin, for example. You might look to see if the corresponding vein on the opposite side also appears to be bulging. Or, you might gently press on the vein to see if it feels engorged and stiff, especially as compared to the same vein on the left. If so, then I'd suggest you see your primary care provider. 2. High blood pressure can cause veins all over the body to bulge. It's not uncommon to see bulging veins in the head due to high blood pressure. That's another reason why, if the vein truly is bulging, it would be a good idea to see a doctor. Please note I'm not trying to give any advice specific to your situation. These are just general observations. Whenever you're experiencing something out of the ordinary or something you feel is abnormal, it's always OK to see a doctor or other health care provider for an evaluation. Wishing you all the best!  It sounds like you have the symptoms of Meniere's disease which is an inner ear problem. I suggest you consult your Doctor  Hi get doctor to check if you have a perforated ear drum as this might be a possibility?   It's called a tension headache (or a stress headache :) ) you can get rid of it by getting a massage, or getting meds for it. some triggers are: I know you can get them from bad knees or hips. Good luck! heres a good site that I used for info http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/tension-headache/DS00304/METHOD=print  I have a fainting order aswell because of low blood pressure and I take medications to regulate it. It took a very long time with doctors, and several tests (also had a heart monitor, lung/heart ultrasound etc. All came out fine.) If theres any possibility that low blood pressure is the reasoning for your dizziness I have a few suggestions. I have found that staying hydrated (and I mean drinking 4+ Liters a day!), eating a healthy diet with plenty of salt (I've been told by doctors to salt my ceral in the mornings..) have helped a great deal. I've also noticed that stress makes it worse along with lack of sleep and inactivity, makes me much more dizzy so having at least an hour before bed time to fully relax whither it be reading, drinking tea, having a bath or listening to ambient music helps so that I can have energy to go for a hike, run, or workout the next day. Exercise has helped more than I could have imagined. When I was unsure about why I was fainting so often (multiple times an hour, sometimes multiple times a minute) it scared me, as I'm sure it is scaring you. I stopped going for runs, working out, and even walking or biking to school because I was afraid of getting dizzy and passing out on route. This only made things worse and soon I was so dizzy I couldn't get out of bed. I highly suggested asking your doctor if your blood pressure is related, its is such a simple factor that can easily be over looked along with making sure that exercising wont put you at risk. I truly help this helps you in some way even if blood pressure isn't the problem.  With poison oak involving the face, the child should be seen by a doctor and evaluated for the possible need for prescription medications. Poison oak is a reaction from the oil found in the plant. The more contact you have with the oil, the more severe the rash. It is important to make sure you wash all clothing in hot water to eliminate all the oil from the plants and to prevent further contact or spreading to other people. Once the oil is off the clothing and the body, it is no longer contagious. If it doesnt involve the face, the first part of treatment for poison oak is to wash the body thoroughly with wet compresses or cool water. The sores or the rash can be treated with many different over-the-counter products. Antihistamines can help to decrease the swelling, itching and redness. The corticosteroid cream is also great to use to treat the rash.  You need to see a physician about this IMMEDIATELY.  The first thing you need to know is what is causing the nose bleeds. A nose bleed lasting 30 to 45 minutes and losing a great deal of blood can be serious. You need to know why you are having them, it could be for a numbe of reasons and many are for minor reasons, but you do need answers as to what is causing them. I assume you know to tile your head bak and try to stop or at least slow the bleeding down? If you have used a saline spray often and for years, it could simply be that you have irritated the inside lining and membrane of the nose and it's causing your bleeding. I know a simple saline spray is basically harmless but if it is drying out and irritating the lining and membranes of the nasal canal, you need to refrain from using it at all until you see your physician.  You need to go get checked out this could be very serious  Thanks! It ended up going away on its own. I think it was from my wisdom teeth trying to come in. They still haven't come in! They come out and then go back in and then out again.  I do recommend getting another doctors opinion. It does seem like something that needs to be further evaluated. However, I would not assume he needs to see an oncologist just yet. I recommend seeing another primary care pediatrician and going from there.  When you say "almost every time" does that mean all day and night? Is this problem related to eating? I have the same issue after I eat, which I believe is a food allergy issue. If yours is not synched with eating food it could be related to environmental allergies, however it's hard to say without more information. That's just an idea.  Have you seen a doctor for this? That is a very long time to go on with this and not see a doctor. I recommend going to see one asap.  Are they just starting to come in? When teeth are coming in they can cause ear pain and it's possible to even get an ear infection, I suffered from the same problem as a child.  Ear thermometers have become really popular over the past few years, and believe it or not, they are very accurate. They usually give some type of reading within five seconds, and if you have a child or a baby and you are trying to get them to have a thermometer, that's a tough thing to do. So getting them to at least stay for five seconds I think is possible with an ear thermometer. Digital thermometers nowadays are battery operated, so you want to make sure that you replace the battery. You want to also keep the instructions with it. Some of them have to be, what we call, recalibrated. You may want to call the company to find out if that's the case with your thermometer. But these days, so many of them are so economically affordable, that you could probably go out and just get a new one. I would say take three readings, and if they vary a lot, I would definitely recommend getting a new thermometer.  This is a question that I got this past weekend. I would need to ask you a few more questions, especially if you have high blood pressure and how long you have had this for. Have you tried a saline rinse or something along the lines of a neti pot? This has helped many people with chronic congestion and may be worthwhile to try. It also should not have the same side effects that you felt with Sudafed. You want to monitor for signs of a sinus infection -- like puffy, painful areas under your eyes, headache, etc. At that point, you need to see a health care provider for further evaluation.  Maybe He/She's Had The Tummy Flu!  I don't know your age but after awhile, sunspots or discoloration shows up on your skin. I have them, I try to stay out of the sun but still managed to get a discoloration area that's larger than a "spot" on my neck. I try to always wear wide brimmed hat and wear sunscreen.  I can't respond to the medical issue, but you can go to a local urgent care center to get care if you're uninsured.  She would have to speak with her ob/gyn to find out what she can take while pregnant. While some over-the-counter medications are considered safe in pregnancy, different doctors have different rules on what they allow their patients to take.  Yes. If your child develops a rash while taking amoxicillin it is important to contact his/her pediatrician immediately. It could be a sign of an allergic reaction, or a harmless side effect. But the only way to tell is to have it examined by a doctor.  Yes  I am glad that you are feeling better! Earaches can be pretty miserable. An earache often follows a cold or allergy flare-up. Heres what happens. Normally, the middle ear is kept free of fluid by a tiny tube called the Eustachian tube. This tube drains the fluid out of the middle ear into the back of the throat. A cold or allergy can cause this tube to become inflamed and swollen. This traps fluid in the middle ear behind the eardrum. This fluid can then get infected with bacteria or viruses causing pressure and pain. Earaches often do get better on their own after a few days. But often some of the fluid is left behind. This fluid can again become a breeding ground for another infection. It can also interfere with your hearing. WebMD has a good slideshow that shows exactly what happens with an ear infection. Have your doctor take a look to see what is going on. Depending on the cause, there may be medications or prescription nasal sprays that can help. If this is a persistent problem, ask to see an ear, nose and throat specialist. Rarely, a tube may need to be inserted into the eardrum to get rid of the fluid.  Dizziness can be caused by a number of serious conditions. These can include a stroke, a heart attack, breathing problems or trouble with blood sugar. A bluish tint to the skin is also a worry. It can mean that a person is not getting enough oxygen. Someone with these symptoms should call 911 right away.  Yes. It is very possible that there can be an ear infection even if everything looked OK 2 days ago. It is very common for a cold to lead to an ear infection in children. The Eustachian tube drains the fluid out of the middle ear into the back of the throat. A cold can cause this tube to become inflamed and swollen. This traps fluid in the middle ear. This fluid can then get infected with bacteria or viruses causing pressure and pain. WebMD has a good slideshow that shows what happens with an ear infection. http://www.webmd.com/cold-and-flu/ear-infection/ss/slideshow-ear-infection-anatomy So give her doctor a call now. He or she can help your daughter get some relief. I hope she feels better soon!  Hearing loss would generally be caused by a problem with the ear or a problem with transmitting sound from the ear to the brain. It sounds like you have had tests to detect any brain or nerve problem. I would have to assume at this point you have also seen an ENT (ear, nose, and throat) doctor to have your ear thoroughly examined. Sometimes, it can be tough to identify the cause of ringing in the ears or white noise-type sounds like you describe with associated hearing loss. The only recommendation I can offer at this point is to work closely with an ENT doctor to keep searching for what might be causing it as the list of possibilities is lengthy. Based on your symptoms I am not able to tell what might be going on. I am sure you have done quite a bit of research on your own at this point but a search on "hearing loss" on WebMD will bring up a host of useful information. To get started, here's information on the most common causes of hearing loss .  When you get stressed, it's normal for your heart rate and blood pressure to rise. The rise in blood pressure can make your heart beat more powerfully in order to pump the blood throughout your body. While this wouldn't be an issue if it happened only occasionally, my concern would be that it could be a sign that your blood pressure may be elevated on a regular basis. Even if it's normal when you're not stressed, if you are stressed frequently and your blood pressure is elevated then, it still deserves attention. First, I would make an appointment with your doctor to get your blood pressure checked. Also, ask your doctor if it would be worth you getting a blood pressure monitor to check your blood pressure when you do feel stressed and hear your heart beating. Also, if you feel that you are stressed frequently, I would look into some maneuvers to help you deal with that stress. First, talk to your doctor about it. Second, there are many things tha tyou can do to help your body deal with stress. Below is more information about the effect of stress on your body and how to tackle it. Don't underestimate the importance of regular exercise and also meditation. There is a lot of research to show that meditation can help your blood pressure and overall health as well as stress. Tips for Managing Stress  It may be pressure buildup in your ears, which can happen from allergies. You could try an over-the-counter allergy treatment -- something with a decongestant if you have no heart problems and your blood pressure is fine (make sure to read the label to make sure the medication is OK for you) -- for a few days and see if that helps. If not, you should check with your doctor as you don't want to ignore hearing loss.  As long as the ear plugs are well fitted to your ears, you should be fine. You obviously don't want them to be able to get inside the ear canal where they could be difficult to remove.  If the ear is red and hot only along the top two thirds or so, where the cartilage is located and the tip of the ear or the ear lobe is still close to normal in color, the problem could be Relapsing Polychondritis. This is a very rare autoimmune disease that attacks the cartilage in the body and is not limited to the ear. It can attack the trachea, heart valves, eyes, joints and connective tissue. This can be a very dangerous disease that is very difficult to diagnose, as only about 3 or so people out of every 1 million ever develop the disease. Mayo Clinic has a good, easy to understand write up about it. If you suspect that this may be your problem, after reading the Mayo and/or other articles, you would do well to contact a Rheumatologist and mention it to him/her. Be sure to bring up the name "Relapsing Polychondritis", as most doctors have never seen this disease. It took me ten years to get diagnosed.  If at all possible see a doctor ASAP! kind of sounds like Swimmers ear, i had it a lot growing up, water gets trapped and cant be expelled. have her lay on the bed or couch on her side with her sore ear facing up, try putting a cap full of rubbing alcohol and vinegar in it until it feels like it drained in her ear then have her flip her head over and lay on her ear for about a minute, if that doesnt work you can try it again. if it doesnt work then go to the ER because loss of hearing is something serious! i hope this link helps! http://www.wikihow.com/Remove-Water-from-Ears  It would depend on how hard you hit your head. Did you break the skin or do you have a big gash? What symptoms are you experiencing? If you are feeling dizzy, are losing vision, having a severe headache, or throwing up. Then yes I would suggest you go see a doctor. Hope this is helpful  you should not be feeling fluid, go back to the doctor.  I would go to the ER and see if they can help you afford it... Sorry could be much help but that's what i did when my son had the same thing they had to put tubes in his ears...  Hi Hope this helps you? Now, if you happen to have a lot of cockroaches in your home, you might want to sleep with earplugs in, just to be on the safe side. Cockroaches crawl into people's ears more often than any other bug. Doctors in one hospital were asked to preserve any arthropods they removed from patients' ears over this two-year period. Of the 24 bugs they extracted from people's ear canals, 10 were German cockroaches. They aren't crawling in ears with ill intent, though; they're simply looking for a cosy place to retreat. Cockroaches exhibit positive thigmotaxis, meaning they like to squeeze into small spaces. Since they also prefer to explore in the dark of night, they can and do find their way into the ears of sleeping humans from time to time. But if your having doubts about what it may have done get to an ER for help. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi ER ASAP, Off you go now, don't wait about. Good Luck  Hi, Its tinnitus, it dose this to us, I have it in one ear, its something you just have to live with, but you need to see your doctor, our hearing is one of our senses that is important to us, so see your doctor ASAP he will send you off for tests to evaluate you and your hearing. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi have good read down this link may give you some idea of what his problem could be, the link, http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Earache/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy the link into google to open and read. Try this it may help, you need a glass of hot water and a tea spoon, put the spoon in nthe hot water for about 15 seconds, then fill it with some good olive oil and slowly dribble it in his ear as lays with his bad ear up, just let him stay there for around 5 to 10 minutes, if you can do this 3 times a day. Hope this helps him. Good Luck  Hi I get swimmers ear each year, I just use a good soft gel ear plugs, and use olive oil in my ears, it works for me. Good Luck  Hi Yes, you best get to a dentist ASP, other wise you not going to have a very good weekend, he will either drain it yank it out or just put you on antibiotics to clear it up, then have you back to work on it. Good Luck  Hi If you can here the wind blowing, then you popped you ear drum, just keep some cotton wool in it for a couple of weeks, but do change it daily, it will slowly heal all by itself. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Then get back to your dentist and ask for stronger ones, but as its Saturday it could be the ER would be your best bet. But these swelling could be putting pressure on your ears giving you pains in you ears, these things do some strange things to people. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If this was not a vets advice? then you should not be given human drugs to your dog unless you were advised to, by a vet. Get your dog to a vet ASAP, tell him/her what you have been giving it. Good Luck  Hi Go have a look or www.earthclinic.com look under T for tinnitus your find some ideas there. Good Luck  Hi Try these links there must be something that should help. http://health.thefuntimesguide.com/2010/08/clogged_ear.php The garlic ear drops, try just cutting a couple of cloves very fine, leave these over night in some olive oil, use these I think it would be far better, than cooking oil. Read up about a nette pot, it could help you. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSLT5pDgFo8 And this last one http://www.myhomeremedies.com/topic.cgi?topicid=276 This one may take a lot of reading, its these od things that could work. Just copy each one into google to open and read. Hope something works for you. Good Luck  Hi Amanda, Have you ever had an ear tube, if these ear infections are middle ear, and you have never had an ear tube, perhaps it could now be the time, have a talk with your doctor about ear tubes in adults for middle ear infections. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Start with the ringing, well that could be tinnitus, have a look on www.earthclnic.com its all natural stuff, you may find some help there. if you think you ears are clogged, try some warm olive oil in them, its worked for me a couple of times. As fore smoking? did smoke form the age of 11 till 1996, have just resently had a bit of tinnitus ,but I put this down to using a cutting disc next to my head as I was up a ladder, your find tinnitus comes from lots of things, load music in ear phones being the worst. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Lay down and get somebody to pour warm olive oil in your near just a teaspoonful will do, and stay there for about 10 minutes to let it soak in, by doing this it will slowly help get rid of the wax and ease the soreness. If you can do this twice a day for a few days. Good Luck  Hi With this it would be best that you see a doctor, ASAP Good Luck  Hi, You say, I wish these sensations would stop. I cry and think about horrible thoughts. It would have been nice for you to have written what these are, for me it was my Mother using a folk in an aluminium saucepan, chalk on a black board, any kind of squelching sound, the sound of a dentist drill. But as they say its all in your mind, and your the only help there. Have you thought of an MP3 player, this way you just listen to what you know is right for you, very anti social, but would get you through the day. But don't let these sounds play on you mind, this is what your doing. But yes go seek help, perhaps from sound therapy. Good Luck  Hi So how longs a bit of string then? Look the best thing you can do is go get tested ER would be a good place to start, you may need to be sent to a special unit for bites. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I have had swimmers ears, this gives scabs as well, been using white vinegar and rubbing alcohol, its slowly been clearing up my problem, could work for yours, but when you first start it will be a rough or your eats and will sting just after you apply it, I do this with a cotton bud, and the mix is 50 50. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Pneumonia, does not pass on. But you say you have had a fever, and with these other symptoms, sounds like you have had the flu and now you getting over it, this is what happens, you just need to rest and eat well, rebuild up your energy levels. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, So, A you should have been to a doctor 51/2 months ago. Now, B its sounds like you have big trouble, so now go to your doctor or an ER ASAP but I would not tell them how long you have had it. Good Luck  Hi If its short term 6 to 12 months, long term 2 to 4 years, if its popped out get him back to the doctor who put them in, and take it from there. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Its either something or nothing, below your find a link from WebMD, it may help you. The link, http://pets.webmd.com/cats/ear-discharge-in-cats Good Luck  Hi see the above answer.  Hi For his ear wax use some warm olive oil, just dribble or drizzle it in slowly, to warm the oil just put a tea spoon in very hot water, then add in the oil to warm it, works a treat, the olive oil that is, just let him lay till its gone in, my Mum did this for me when I was a kid. Sorry after its gone in just add some cotton wool and leave overnight, after that it should just work itself out. Just do one ear each night, till its gone. As for the ringing, sounds like it could be tinnitus, he needs check for this, see his doctor. Do hope this helps. Good Luck   Hi For his ear wax use some warm olive oil, just dribble or drizzle it in slowly, to warm the oil just put a tea spoon in very hot water, then add in the oil to warm it, works a treat, the olive oil that is, just let him lay till its gone in, my Mum did this for me when I was a kid. Sorry after its gone in just add some cotton wool and leave overnight, after that it should just work itself out. Just do one ear each night, till its gone. As for the ringing, sounds like it could be tinnitus, he needs check for this, see his doctor. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi When you travel we need to be fit as we can, you really need to wait till its gone or you will just suffer and could do damage, which you don't need if its a business trip. Be brave and put your health first. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Don't think these were miss diagnosed, simple spots are one thing and a UTI is something else, you should have gone back to your doctor with it. Don't think to two were related. Good Luck  Hi Yes you can get thrush from mould spores, as these are in your basement, there could be a permanent lift of spore from your basement. just through ventilation. So get your self well get some masks and get the mould sorted out, some antibacterial spray should help, spray and wash down, as you go round the basement. Get it cleared, then get better ventilation to stop the mould coming back. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Don't think these were miss diagnosed, simple spots are one thing and a UTI is something else, you should have gone back to your doctor with it. Don't think to two were related. Good Luck  HI This ringing in your ears could be tinnitus, below is a link to the UK's NHS that covers tinnitus, I would give it a good read. The Link http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Tinnitus/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy this link into google to open and read. Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi, This is something you should consult with your doctor, its not safe for anybody to suggest meds for this. Good Luck  Hi Try this for a few days, gargle with a warm water and sea salt, if sea salt can cure vaginal thrush, cant see why it should not heal your throat, jus a good tea spoonful in the glass, do it 3 times a day. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi We all have a pulse in the right side of our necks, you may have a swollen gland that's giving you some discomfort. I would get off and see your doctor, just to be on the safe side. Good Luck  Hi Summer is not a good time to get a cold, they are real buggers to shake off, it will take time, just live with and slowly it will go. Good Luck But try this, a good old cheese and onion sandwich could work wonders for you, keep the cheese thick and the onion as well eat these 3 times a day, the last one just before going to bed. For that extra kick slice some garlic into them.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Have you thought of seeing a dermatologist, I do think this would be your best bet. Good Luck  One of the hardest parts about controlling anxiety is that severe anxiety can actually cause physical symptoms that lead to more anxiety. Many of those with anxiety start to worry about their health, because the symptoms can be so disabling that it's hard to convince your mind that anxiety could be causing them. This is often the case with vertigo. Vertigo itself is not technically an anxiety symptom, but dizziness  which is often confused with the idea of vertigo  very much is, and it's actually a surprisingly common one. Since vertigo is almost exclusively caused by hyperventilation, the best way to stop the feeling of having vertigo is to make sure that you're not hyperventilating anymore. Often this is easier said than done. In the middle of an anxiety attack, it's very hard to re-gain control of your breathing. But there are tricks that make the process easier Now the trick here, is a nice brown paper bag, this you put over you head and re-breath your output, works all the time. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS try getting your life together, that would help cut down your problems.  Hi Have a good read through this site, lots of help and no drugs. http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/ringworm.html Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Good Luck  Hi Tinnitus, is the only thing that comes to mind, get to your doctor, let him/her take it from there. Good Luck  Hi Did your doctor have a good look inside his ear? he could have something stuck in it? May be worth checking out. Good Luck  Hi Do you think there is a golden rule that over say 5 year olds don't get an ear ache, I was still having them at 21, If its a middle ear infection perhaps he need a tube inserted, I would go see your doctor over his ear infections. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Try seeing an ENT doctor, he should be able to pick this out, unless it was so small its gone down your ear cannel, just go find a ENT doctor. Good Luck PS ENT is, ears, nose and throat.  Hi See answer above.  Hi Rose I think you find that this is from not cleaning them out that often, try making sure you clean in your ears daily. Good Luck  Hi Just get to an ER ASAP, it for your good. Good Luck  Could just be a small acne outbreak, or ingrown hairs.  It sounds like you have an inner ear infection. I would go see an ENT to see if there is an antibiotic treatment or if surgery is needed since this is recurring.  Oh wow, you should still go see a doctor. That sounds pretty serious and even if it was 10 days ago you should still go get it checked to be sure.  If I were you I'd get my ear examined by an ENT specialist. I had a problem in my ear in the past and visited a general physician who cleaned my ear & gave me some antibiotics advised me to visit an ENT specialist if the problem persists. The problem persisted and I visited ENT specialist and was treated for the problem which was cured in 4 weeks.  There are some forms of cardiac arrhythmia - including PAT (paroxysmal atrial tachycardia) and supraventricular tachycardia - that can cause those symptoms; they can be diagnosed by a cardiologist using a Holter monitor test, and there are other conditions, including high blood pressure, all of which might have been brought to light by hormonal changes following your recent pregnancy. The best place to start is with your primary care provider. It could be that you may need to take a mild dose of a Beta-blocker such as Metoprolol Tartrate, which I take. Once your doctors have ruled out anything more serious, something along those lines could be of great help. If there is an endocrine imbalance, your doctor might decide to send you to an endocrine specialist, but because of the recent pregnancy, be sure to keep your OB/GYN in the loop. Good Luck! In the meantime, be sure to sleep with your head elevated slightly, and it might help a little if you don't lie on your back, it puts a little more stress on your mitral valves.  With fever that high you may even want to consider the ER. Fever of 104 and above could be very dangerous. If you can find an emergency walk-in clinic tomorrow (assuming the fever subsides, you could save a few dollars by going there instead. You need to get that fever down though first and foremost and do it ASAP. I assume that you did not get a flu shot, and do not actively supplement with those vitamins and minerals known to bolster the immune system? I take zinc, vitamin C, probiotics and vitamin d3 and I never get the flu (or any other disease for that matter. And yes, vitamin D3 does in fact prevent the flu and most everything else. Source: http://vitamind3blog.com  Rainbow Hospital assess and treat children with more unusual disorders, including breathing problems chronic ear disease and acquired or congenital masses of the head and neck.They recognize the unique issues involved in treating children with diseases of the ear, nose and throat with experienced experts at Pediatric otolaryngologists,Audiologists,Nurse practitioners  Cancer.  C4nc3r  Does your son have tubes in his ears? If not, then he has most likely experienced a spontaneous rupture of his eardrum, due to a middle ear infection. Another, less-likely, source would be trauma - he put something in his ear or sustained a scratch resulting in an infection in the ear canal itself. ...  You are correct. It is early...most ENTs wait THREE MONTHS of persistent middle ear fluid before even considering tubes as a therapeutic approach. A week-and-a-half is nothing...many children with a middle ear infection will have some residual fluid for a while, so we just "watch and wait," unless your child has profound hearing loss or other health issues.  No, the eardrums DO NOT MOVE OUT OF PLACE. They are fixed in position and stay right there! They can, however, retract (be sucked in) or bulge depending on the middle ear pressure, but they sure do not move out of place.  It is probably a tiny cyst, but don't try and squeeze it like a pimple or you will lkely make it worse. If it doesn't hurt, leave it alone. If it gets bigger, sore, or drains from the pierced site, you will need to seek medical care. Tiny inclusion or sebaceous (oil gland) cysts are common in people with pierced ears. As you know, I have no way of examining your earlobe first-hand, so if you have any doubts or concerns, it would be best to see a medical provider for a proper exam.  That wildly varies, depending on the age of the person, the type of tube, their body's acceptance of this foreign object, and the frequency of subsequent infections. Tubes that last about a year would be great, but I have seen some extricate (fall out) in just a few weeks after surgery....and some that have lasted several years. There is no way to really predict how long the tubes will remain in place and be functioning.  Yes. Motion sickness can be an inner ear disorder, but the can be many different causes of vertigo.  Do not try to "pop" your ears. Your perforated eardrum is trying to heal, and any increased pressure from tying to pop them could interfere with the natural healing (which may take several weeks, depending on the size of the perforation). The feeling you are experiencing may be more related to the inflammation of your eardrum, than the need to pop your ears.  No, you can safely sleep with commercial earplugs. Homemade ones, perhaps not. Earplugs made with a wad of cotton can become trapped in the ear, but those inexpensive foam ones designed to block ambient noise are fine to use. Have a good night's sleep.....  Unfortunately, I have no way of seeing those "red stripes" over the Internet to offer you a patient-specific answer. If you are concerned, you will need to have a medical professional examine you first-hand....not something that I can accomplish in this forum. Sore throat and ear pain are all reasons to seek medical care.  Sounds like it is time for you to see your medical provider so that you can have your throat and ears properly examined. If you have an infection that is causing the pain, your medical provider can help.  Otitis media is a MIDDLE EAR INFECTION, usually treated with antibiotics, not "drops". A loud ringing could be tinnitus, often caused by an INNER EAR condition, not something that drops would help. Coupled by this unusual pain/pressure in your head, it would be prudent to consider a higher-level medical evaluation from an Ear, Nose, and Throat (ENT) specialist. It would not be possible to determine a cause of your head pressure blindly over the Internet.  Usually not, assume the water was "clean" (not a river or lake). I assume your eardrum ruptured due to an infection (guess), and that you are on an appropriate antibiotic treatment.  Sort of both, depending on the stage of the infection. Shingles will mostly present as painful blisters .  You most likely have chronic "swimmer's ear" (otitis externa) BECAUSE you use Q-tips. Wax is not dirt...it is a beneficial, protective coating for the ear canal.When you have a wax coating (like your car), water will "bead up" and easily fall out. When you take out all of the wax, water stays in the ear and breaks down the skin...leading to a SKIN infection in your ear canal. Other causes include eczema in the ear canal, and even a fungal/yeast infection. This may be the "flakes" you are seeing. Your first step is to be properly diagnosed. See a dermatologist, ENT, or even your primary care provider. You then will need to be properly treated depending on the specific cause. While you are waiting for that appointment, throw those Q-tips in the trash and never use them again.  Drug store clinics are just fine for this type of medical issue. You may have a case of and need some prescription antibiotic/steroid ear drops. In the meantime, a solution of 50% white vinegar (acetic acid) and 50% water - a few "body temperature" drops instilled in the problematic ear a few times per day will help  Once you stretch or gauge your ears, it will be permanent. It will not shrink back. You will either have to keep the stretched ear for life and hope that it will be fashionable when you are an adult, or pay to have a plastic surgeon fix the deformity. I don't know if you are male or female, but an 18 patient of mine who gauged his ears a few years ago, decided to join the Marines. The Marines would not take him until he had his ears cosmetically repaired. He paid to have it done and now he serves our country. It is technically "safe" do this as long as you do not get an infection until it heals, but something that looks cool when you are young, doesn't look as cool when you are a working professional.  You may have had a partial wax impaction, but when you added the oil, the wax softened and now you have a complete wax impaction. It is very unlikely that you damaged your hearing, so assuming that you do not have ear pain or other signs of an ear infection, you can lavage (wash) out your ear canal with a gentle stream of warm water (just slightly warmer than your body temperature). The warm water stream will most likely dislodge the softened wax, so you can do this in the shower....allow a stream of shower water to go in your ear canal (a hand-held shower works the best). Once the water gets out of your ear, your hearing should return to its normal level again.  Both medications are compatible and can be taken at the same time.  You need to see a good ENT -- especially an ENT who specializes in tinnitus -- so you can be properly examined. When tinnitus changes (gets worse, changes pitch, etc.) there could be other possible causes.  You need to have your ear medically-examined. It would not be possible to blindly guess where the blood is coming from based on your brief sentence. It could be from your ear canal...or a ruptured eardrum. Before a treatment course is determined, you must first have a diagnosis.  As much as I would like to help you, you cannot be blindly diagnosed over the Internet by providing a list of vague symptoms. While I am sympathetic to your lack of insurance and financial constraints, the ONLY way that you can get to the bottom of this four year old mystery is to see a medical professional -- one who will perform a thorough medical examination and order some diagnostic lab tests. Sorry.  Continue to take your blood pressure on a regular basis, at different times of day and in both arms. One isolated reading that is elevated is not as important as having several elevated readings. Your medical provider will need to see your log of these home readings, so please make an appointment. As far as your headache and tinnitus is concerned, there can be a relationship, but it will be up to a medical professional -- someone who can carefully examine you and look for other causes for these symptoms -- before an association is made.  There is no anatomical communication from the ear canal to the corner of the eyes. I don't know what you are seeing, but what is coming out of the eyes cannot be ear drops or baby oil.  You do realize that I can't SEE this lump.....I can't examine your ear....nor can I treat you (non-surgically or surgically) over the Internet. I am not sure where you got that $2000 price, but I would encourage you to shop around for another ENT. I also strongly caution you NOT to mess with this lump (any more).  Bleeding in a child with tubes can be a sign of infection, or a sign that those tubes are extricating (falling out). The only way to make that determination would be by an otoscopic ear examination...not something that can be accomplished over the Internet. She will need to see a medical provider or ENT at this point.  Yes, you could have a sinus infection. Symptoms can vary from person to person, but some of the symptoms that you mentioned in your question are often seen in sinus infection. Many sinus infections are viral, and will be self-limiting in a weeks or so, but some can be bacterial and require medical intervention, like antibiotics. In order for you to be properly diagnosed and treated, you will need to see a health care professional for a examination first  There are two possibilities....first, you may have completely packed your wax-filled ear against the eardrum. In this case, your eardrum cannot move and thus your hearing would be diminished. Second, you may have ruptured your eardrum or at the very least, caused trauma to the eardrum (even if you did not see any blood). For a wax impaction, a warm water lavage would likely remove the packed wax, however, if the integrity of your eardrum has been disrupted (requires an otoscopic exam by a medical professional), washing out your ear would be contraindicated....an ENT or a trained professional would need to carefully remove the wax impaction Stop using Q-tips! They are dangerous and earwax is NOT dirt...it is a beneficial, protective coating for the ear canal.  There is a form of tinnitus called PT or , but please keep in mind that there are numerous causes for these pulsatile sounds, and it would not be possible to determine what may be causing yours over the Internet. If your symptoms persist, you will need to be seen by an ENT so you can be properly examined.  Without examining your baby, I cannot be sure as to the nature of these tiny holes, but they could be preauricular sinus tracts or pits . They are innocent, but can be prone to infection if they clog or plug up for some reason, or if they are extensive. Many times, these are surgically removed, but there may be no hurry since your baby is so young. You need to have a discussion about them at your next well-child exam, or ask for an referral to an ENT specialist.  Yes, and be grateful that you have them.  If your doctor was not able to find a reason for your ear pain and hearing changes, then you need to see an ENT specialist for a higher-level examination. TMJ and bruxism (grinding the teeth) doesn't cause hearing loss, but it can cause ear pain. Many dentists now specialize in TMJ disorders, so finding one would be quite helpful in tracking down the reasons. Ear pain can be caused by infection or referred pain from other head and neck areas, like your throat, lymph nodes, salivary glands, cervical spine, tonsils (if you have them), sinuses, and nerve disorders.Just because one doctor could not find a cause, does not mean a second medical provider, like an ENT, will have the same conclusion.  An ear infection will not cause your throat to be red, but it can cause lymph nodes to swell. An irritated throat can cause lymph nodes to swell. The commonality of both ear pain and a red throat at the same time could be a virus or bacteria. Since your doctor may not know this answer, even after an exam, many will just put you on an antibiotic. Some will rely on the results of a Strep screen to make that determination. Your dizziness may be related to your ear pressure/infection.  I have no way of knowing the accuracy of your diagnosis, but Swimmer's ear is usually not treated so aggressively. Since I do not know what you are taking or if these prescriptions are appropriate, your only recourse ios to be examined again. I am not a big fan of using an emergency room for this problem, but sometimes it is your only option. Don't drive on "pain-killers"...let someone else take you.  You will need to see a dermatologist to get this keloid properly treated...not something that you can do at home, unfortunately. There are several ways to treat them, from steroid injections to excision, but this needs to be done by an expert, otherwise you could get an even bigger keloid. Don't mess with it.  Possibly. If excessive earwax was packed deeply against the eardrum (a common problem with Q-tip users), the eardrum will not vibrate normally and tinnitus could be one of the symptoms (conductive hearing loss would be another). Minor injury or inflammation to the eardrum (often from self-wax removal) is another possibility. There can be hundreds of different causes of tinnitus, so it would be best to see a good ENT for a thorough medical ear examination.  Why aren't you wearing wrestling head gear that is designed to PROTECT your ears? Yes, you may have a hematoma -- an accumulation of blood in the pinnae (outer ear). Unless this hematoma is properly drained and managed, it may turn into a cauliflower ear -- a terrible (and preventable) cosmetic deformity. You need to get this checked out immediately. It would be best to see an ENT specialist, but any primary care medical provider should be able to help you. Take this problem VERY SERIOUSLY, my young friend. Inform your parents and get that ear properly examined as soon as you can.  You will need to see your medical provider right away. This is not something you can accurately diagnose or effectively treat at home. A pimple may have caused a deeper skin infection in the skin lining of the ear canal, called cellulitis. This requires prompt treatment, usually with an oral antibiotic and/or an antibiotic ear drop. A pimple will not cause a "middle ear infection" but it can certainly cause in external ear infection (otitis externa).  You need to see an ENT specialist -- one that specializes in inner ear disorders. Sudden hearing loss in one ear with tinnitus (and vertigo) requires the services of an expert in this area, so ask your doctor for an immediate referral.  Keep taking your antibiotics. Assuming it was a ten day course, you have six more days to go to complete your treatment. If you don't feel you have getting better, you will need to be re-examined again. As you know, you cannot be examined, diagnosed, or treated over the Internet.  Yes, diabetics tend to be immunocompromised and prone to just about any infection, including ear infections. With the proper diagnosis and treatment regime, diabetics will improve, just like the non-diabetics. It would not be possible to predict how long an infection would last, since I do not know the details (type of infection, treatment regime, diabetic control, etc.).  I think that product is close to worthless. It may remove a tiny amount of water, but so can tilting your head. It does not have the suction to remove most wax impactions, I can assure you. I have seen the device and I am not the least impressed. It is safe since the suction is so weak, it will not vacuum out anything. Buy one (money back guarantee) and try it. Something tells me that you will send it back for a refund.  Stop cleaning your ear! Earwax is not dirt, but a protective coating for the sensitive ear canal. If you remove it, the skin will not be protected and it can bleed. Throw those Q-tips away.  ...Most of the time...unless you are in a lot of pain or have an active infection, you will be fine. But...there are MANY variables, including the speed of take-off and landings, airports, etc., that can affect your Eustachian tube's ability to equalize pressure. There are a few things you can do: 1. Try a decongestant like Sudafed before your flight, or use a short-acting nasal decongestants. 2. Ibuprofen can help, too, as an anti-inflammatory. 3. Chew gum, but really what you need to do is swallow (sips of water, saliva, etc.). If you feel pressure, try yawning.  That is typical. There can be hundreds of causes of tinnitus (ringing) and it is actually rare that a specific cause is found. I know. I have had tinnitus myself for well over a decade. All of my tests were blind alleys, like I expected. The ENT is really obligated to search for a cause (like an acoustic neuroma) but these are rarely found. Most of the time, the ENT just throws in the towel and essentially tells you to just "live with it"....and, so we must. There are treatments that help you cope with tinnitus, but it is unlikely that you will find a miraculous cure. It can just go away (which is nice), but it has a good chance of staying with you for a long, long time. I wish I had better new for you, but tinnitus is perhaps one of the most difficult medical problems to investigate, and one of the most difficult to treat.  How long you may be suffering from the effects of acoustic trauma is really unknown. Recovery time is an individual experience, but most people do improve over time....in a week or two, but a few (hopefully not you) have permanent damage to the inner ear, and may experience these symptoms for a long, long time. NEVER shoot without GOOD ear protection!  Yes, it is not uncommon to have an allergic reaction to the medications used for swimmer's ear. The Neosporin part is usually the culprit. Please call your medical provider. Report your symptoms and ask for a different ear medication. It would not be a problem to stop the drops you have now until you address this issue with your medical provider today.  It wojuld not be possible to determine a specific reason for you ear-related symptoms without a hands-on, medical examination and a more detailed medical history....there could be many different reasons and only an exam could accurately sort them out.  This is an example of acoustic injury, like a gun shot or explosion. A dog bark, of course, is not usually as loud as those, but it can cause pain and ringing. In most cases, this will resolve in a week or so as the ear heals from this event. If not, you may need to see an ENT for an examination.  You may have two different types of ear problems.... The ear that was prescribed drops (assuming these are antibiotic or antibiotic/steroid drops...you didn't say) would be for an EXTERNAL ear infection, like "swimmer's ear" (otitis externa). Your other ear that is painful could be due to middle ear pressure or even a middle ear infection in progress. The eardrum may not have been red or bulging at the time of this exam, but the pressure could still cause pain. Since I have no way of making that determination blindly over the Internet, you would need to contact that medical provider again -- someone that can re-examine your ear. Obviously, an accurate diagnosis is the key to and effective treatment.  I can't answer that, since I do not know the details of your boyfriend's injuries or have any way of examining him and reviewing his imaging studies (like the CT that was most likely done at the hospital). He needs to be under the care of a good medical provider or neurologist....someone who can do these things. Clearly, he had a significant head injury, but I would not be able to blindly guess the outcome.  As a diabetic, you are considered to be immunocompromised -- more prone to infections and more prone to infections becoming serious. Pseumomonas is among the most common organisms that cause otitis externa, so this is not uncommon. Having painful "cold sores" (herpes) in the ear is more rare, but does happen. Think of it as having shingles in the ear. The disease is called Ramsay-Hunt syndrome, assuming you were properly diagnosed. The treatment of a bacterial infection is with antibiotics, but a viral infection, like herpes, requires antiviral medications. If you have not seen an ear specialist or dermatologist, this may be something to consider, since having a definitive diagnosis is essential if you are to be properly treated.  An allergic reaction to neomycin is actually quite common. I see this on occasion with neomycin-containing eardrops. Your doctor needs to prescribe something else for you, as well as treat the allergic response. One more consideration since you have had this problem for a MONTH is that the cause may not be bacterial. You could easily have a FUNGAL infection in your ear canal requiring an entirely different treatment.  No. A sty would not cause this other pain.  Ear drops instilled in the ear canal can go through patent (open) surgical tubes, go down the Eustachian tubes to the back of the throat. Those drops would then have to travel upwards (unless she is lying down at the time) and go UP to the nose, and travel UP the nasolacrimal duct to get to her high. This is really an unlikely journey. Is it possible the drops are draining out of her ear canal into her eye, or a finger goes into her wet ear and accidentally rubs her eyes a few moments later?  Most people have tinnitus (myself, included) hear it more at night, when things are very quiet. Yes, it is frustrating, and no, there are no sure-thing cures. There are treatments for tinnitus however, but you will need to see an ENT specialist that treats this disorder, since those treatments are very individualized. For me, I just use "masking noise", like soft music, until I fall asleep.  He needs to see a neurologist . They will not cure his stubborness, however, but they may be able to determine the cause of his symptoms, and perhap, find a solution. It is interesting that you used the term "penalty of death" since these symptoms could, indeed, be serious and his failure to take care of himself by seeing a specialist could have dire consequences.   is one possibility; an inner ear infection that is really diagnosed by symptoms alone (the doctor cannot see your inner ear). You could be many, many causes for your symptoms, so consider getting a second opinion from a neurologist (because of the headache).  Look up some information on Eustachian Tube Dysfunction and "middle ear effusion" on the Internet or WebMD's Ear, Nose,and Throat board. Questions on this his board are not currently not being addressed by me, but I have posted numerous HINTS and DISCUSSIONS about this problem.  I am assuming you had a MIDDLE EAR infection (there are different types)....not a common problem for a 40 year old, but happens nonetheless. Fluid can be from a few different sources. Middle ear infections can sometimes cause the eardrum to break/rupture. Small ruptures could create a leak, and large ruptures can cause a flood of fluid, usually accompanied by blood. Fluid can also be caused by water in the ear canal, perhaps trapped behind a little wax dam. When you lie down, more heat is created in the ear canal, and these little dams can break, causing this trapped water to come out on your pillow or show in your outer ear. It can be yellow (wax-stained) or clear. Q-tip users tend to create a lot of these wax dams. Neither one of these conditions is considered serious, even a tiny rupture. Most will heal in a few weeks. You can see your medical provider to be properly examined, and to make sure the infection has resolved. Many times, the source of this fluid may not be obvious, since the dam may have broken and the eardrum may have healed. Assuming you are not having ear pain or signs of infection, you could wait it out a bit longer...or, see your doctor. Since you are six weeks after your infection, it may be best to be examined.  Nope....if you get your ears gauged, it will be basically permanent. It will not close naturally wants this hole has lined with skin. To make them smaller again or to close the hole when it is no longer fashionable, will require plastic surgery at your expense. Insurances will not pay for this procedure.  Otorrhea (fluid leaking from the ear) is most likely from a ruptured eardrum (not as serious as it sounds), but of course, this is just a guess since I have no way of examining him. The Ciprodex should help, but many medical providers would also use an appropriate ORAL antibiotic. There is absolutely no way to determine (even if I could examine him) the duration of this drainage. It will stop as the rupture heals. Fever rarely concerns me. It is just the body's way of fighting the infection. Fever alone is not an indication to rush the ER, so if your child is comfortable, just wait until Monday and speak with the ENT. Of course, you know your son the best, so use your best judgment in this case.  I can't examine you, of course, but these knots are most likely reactive lymph nodes . You would need to see your medical provider to determine WHY this is happening.  A fever is very non-specific -- there can be many things causing his fever, but if he has an ear infection, this is the most likely culprit. Most ear infections are preceded by a cold, so even colds can cause fevers of this magnitude, but unfortunately, I do not know enough about your child or his particular case to know if "something else" is going on. Don't let a fever frighten you. Children can get some pretty impressive fevers. Medical providers rarely get excited with fevers under 105F in a one-year-old.... Children tend to get higher fevers because their immune system is not very good (the fever helps fight infection), and their "cooling system" is not very efficient (we cool by sweating over a large skin surface area, so the smaller the body, the less cooling). Most fevers should improve on day three or four of the illness, but if it does not, or if you child is experiencing any other worrisome symptoms, you will need to have him re-examined.  By definition, this is called TINNITUS , usually heard as ringing. There can be hundreds of different causes, so it would be wise for you to see your primary care provider or an ENT so you can have this properly evaluated.  Ear infections (middle ear infections) typically cause pain, and often, fever. If you are not experiencing these symptoms, it is not very likely you have an ear infection. Crackling sounds in the ear can be caused by many things; When the Eustachian tubes (a tiny ventilation tube that runs from your middle ear - the area on the other side of your eardrum) equalizes pressure, you may hear a pop or crackling sound. Fluid (effusion) in the middle ear can cause crackling. Yes, even a wax impaction lying against the eardrum or a stray hair can do this. Less commonly, other middle ear and inner ear disorders can cause this sensation. The only way you can begin to pinpoint the cause is to see your medical provider or an ENT for a hands-on examination. Treatment would depend on on your diagnosis.  There are plenty of "best" hospitals. I found this to be a reasonable source.... http://health.usnews.com/best-hospitals They are listed by specialty, including ENT.  Pharyngitis IS a sore throat....the word means "inflammation of the pharynx (throat". There are hundreds of causes of vertigo, and it would be impossible to determine the cause of yours over the Internet, so you will need to address this separate symptom with your medical provider.  Maybe. Amoxicillin is excreted slightly through the tears, so it may help a mild case, but those antibiotic eye drops are better. Lie her down and put the drops in the nasal corners of those tightly-closed eyes. Then, pull down her lower lid or trick her into opening her eyes, and those drops will slide right in!  There can be several reasons. Since I can't examine your ear, or even know the underlying reason you are using the Ciprodex (there are several different types of "ear infections"), it is difficult for me to blindly determine a reason. One reason could be ear canal swelling. In otitis externa, the ear canal can nearly swell shut. Some clinicians will insert a wick in the ear canal to allow those drops to penetrate. Other reason is a wax impaction or a canal filled with pus or other debris. Many clinicians will not attempt to clean out the ear when it is painful, so if you have a blockage of debris, those drops will NOT go in. I would suggest that you consult the clinician currently treating you, since they examined you last.  A swimming cap. Put in the earplugs and then put on a form-fitting swimming hat to keep them in. Although, a cantankerous 16-month old may have other ideas.... I should poll the ENTs out there. One ENT in our group allows children with tubes to swim in home pools or bath without earplugs. He said that if the water is clean enough to drink, it not going to put the ears at risk. Besides, the hole in the ear tubes are soooooo tiny, that the amount of water that could enter the middle ear space would be extremely small. Another ENT requires that his patients buy specially fitted ear plugs (made by hearing-aid dispensers). Kids tend to lose them in the pool, so the swimming cap really helps.  Because of the nerve pathways, a problem in the third molars can definitely cause referrred ear PAIN, but not necessarily an ear infection .  The ENT does care, but MRSA (assuming he has a community-acquired type and not the more-severe hospital type) is very challenging to treat. You can ask for an infectious disease consultation, but your ENT may be doing the best that can be done. You can also ask to see another ENT for a second opinion. Sometimes, we have no idea where the infection came from, but we do know it came from people. Some people are carriers and do not know it. Some kids get it in day-care now. I can understand your frustrations, so the only thing you can do is try to get his evaluation and treatment to a higher level but getting a second opinion or adding an Infectious Disease specialist to the treatment team.  That diving incident may have caused a traumatic rupture of your eardrum. Now, when you get water in your ear, it is causing pain, perhaps because this rupture/hole is still open. The ONLY way to confirm this possibility and to provide you with some appropriate treatment would be for you to see a medical professional, specifically an ENT specialist.  Maybe. I don't know anything about your medical history, but hearing your pulse in your ear could be a condition called PULSATILE TINNITUS (you can look this up). Consider seeing a good ENT specialist for a proper examination. While PT can have common,innocent causes, there are a few more serious causes that may need to be ruled out...again, based on a thorough medical history. This is not an easy issue to medically-investigate so make sure to find an ENT that has expertise in this area.  Every person is different, so without a hands-on examination, it is really difficult, if not impossible, to offer you a patient-specific answer. The lump could be many things...from a sebaceous cyst to a reactive lymph node. Instead of worrying about cancer, see your medical provider so you can have a definitive answer, not a blind guess or list of possibilities.  Many people get bouts of spontaneously, red ears (I am assuming you mean red, flushed outer ears). This is usually an innocent phenomena related to simple blushing. It has nothing to do with his autism, and likely has nothing to do with his medications (although I do not know what he is taking).  The first and most important step would be for you to get your ears properly examined. If you do have a full or partial wax impaction (trapping water behind it), or if wax or other debris is touching your eardrum, this can be seen on examination and corrected on the spot in most cases. However, if the crackling is caused by fluid or pressure variations in your middle ear space (the area on the other side of your eardrum), then the treatment would be different, and perhaps take longer to achieve relief. Swimming in water that may not be cure can lead to otitis externa (Swimmer's ear), but this condition tends to be painful. Crackling would not be your only symptom. As you may know, each time you swallow, air goes up your Eustachian tubes to help equalize pressure. This is a normal response that goes on hundred of times every day. If you have fluid in your middle ear space (it is supposed to be just air), this can create little bubbles, and those bubbles can cause crackling sounds sometimes. Again, an ear examination should be able to determine if you have middle ear fluid. Treatment of any fluid would depend on the amount of fluid and how long you have had this condition,. Treatment options are very individualized range from using nasal corticosteroid sprays, to having tubes inserted by an ENT.  No, "red hot ears" is not usually a problem with your blood pressure, but it is "vascular". In most cases, this unusual phenomenon is just a variation of blushing -- warm, red blood is shunted to your outer ears, giving them that red appearance. Unlike other blushing, this is not necessarily caused by embarrassment or other triggers; it just happens. For some people, the ears can uncomfortably hot or even painful. To the very least, it can be embarrassing. There is very little that you can do for this, but since you mentioned blood pressure, the use of a class of drugs called beta-blockers has been used for red, hot ears. These are use for high-blood pressure, preventing migraines, and other cardiac problems. Sometimes it helps; sometimes it doesn't. It would be up to you to convince your doctor to prescribe them for this purpose. Red, hot ears are harmless, but if you consider the problem severe, beta-blockers may be worth a try. There are many discussions about red, hot ears on WebMD's Ear, Nose, and Throat Community Board.  I have been seeing kids for over 40 years, and I cannot recall one incident where a child fainted from pink eye, or even an ear infection. As a matter of fact, it is pretty rare for a six year old to faint PERIOD, so yes, I think your little girl deserves a thorough examination to find a reason....I just can't buy the pink eye/ear infection theory. Sorry. Like you, I am a bit skeptical. I don't know anything about your little girl or have the ability to examine her, so I don't really have any wild guesses as to why she fainted, or if this was a seizure, but I do feel she deserves a work-up. I would suggest a pediatric neurologist.  Before blindly starting in home remedies, it would be good to have your elderly mother properly examined...finding a reason for his bloody ear discharge. This could easily be an infection that requires a prescription antibiotic, or just a scratch in the ear canal. Without an exam, it would be difficult to know how to effectively treat it. The oozing from the navel is likely a skin infection, perhaps impetigo (a Staph or Strep infections). Again, because of her age, this may need more aggressive treatment than what you can provide at home. You can carefully clean this area with Betadine and use a topical antibiotic ointment for now. It may or may not help. Sometimes, an elderly person will get fungal infections in BOTH these areas, so an antibiotic would not help. If this is the case, anti-fungal treatments are required. Again, getting a proper diagnosis FIRST would be best.  There is really not much that I can blindly do in the way of diagnosis or treatment from this end of the Internet, so it is time for you to see a good ENT specialist. Ask your doctor for a referral so you can have a higher-level evaluation.  It is not your inner ear. This is any entirely different part of your ear, near your brain. If the pencil went that far, you would have other issues for sure. Assuming that you are the one who put the pencil in your own ear, my advice would be for you to just leave the ear alone now. A bit of dried blood is not going to hurt anything, but any attempts to remove it could cause more problems. You may have even punctured your own eardrum. Without an examination by a medical provider, there is really no way to know what is going on in your ear CANAL. It could just be scratched, but that is a blind guess.  See a medical provider so that you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. You may not know the reason(s) you are crying and not feeling well, but a medical provider would likely have more insight. This complicated matter cannot be solved blindly over the Internet, so please do the right thing and see a medical professional.  You need to see an ear specialist (ENT) for a higher-level medical examination. Having ear pain or an ear infection for 2.5 months is not a pleasant experience, so this is your next step. You have either not been diagnosed properly or treated effectively, or you are havign some serious recurrent infections that are going to need the expert services of a specialist. The ENT has the equipment and expertise to diagnose and treat you. There are many more reasons for persistent ear pain than just an ear infection.  Vertigo can have hundreds of different causes. It would be impossible to determine a specific cause blindly over the Internet. You will need to see your medical provider so you can be properly examined to narrow down the many, many possibilities.  There are only a few things that can be done for middle ear effusion (fluid).... 1. You can wait it out, but after three months, you need to see an ENT. 2. Decongestants, nasal corticosteroids, etc. have all been used with limited success. Sometimes it helps...sometimes it doesn't. Antibiotics are not usually helpful since this is more of "plumbing and ventilation" issue...not an infection. 3. An ENT may need to surgical drain the fluid (tympanostomy) or suction and place tubes in your ears.  Several things....Eustachian tube dysfunction, myoclonus, a wax impaction, infection, etc. In order to get a specific answer, assuming this is an on-going problem you are having, you would need to be carefully examined by a good ENT specialist.  I am sorry, but I have no way of blindly diagnosing your ear problem over the Internet, let alone treating you. If your current medical provider is not helping, please ask for a referral to an ENT (Ear, Nose, and Throat) specialist.  Don't put anything in your ear in case the "bug" may have ruptured your eardrum. Get your ear examined first. Peroxide is may not be advises (although some ENT are not using it) if the integrity of your eardrum is compromised. Some possibilities: You may not have a bug in your ear....or the bug may still be in there and be dead requiring it to be removed....or, in some cases, the bug is still alive and may need to be removed after it is killed  You may need to see TWO professionals: a dentist and your primary care medical provider (if this ends up not being a dental problem....unlikely). See the dentist first.  I don't know since I cannot SEE this rash. Sorry. You would need to take this child to see a medical provider so he can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated if necessary.  Sometimes. This is called "referred ear pain". Because of the muscle connection from your neck to the area behind your ear (the mastoid area), pain in this sternocleidomastoid muscle can cause pain to be referred to the ear. Pain can also be referred to the ear from problems in the mouth, TMJ, lymph nodes, salivary glands, and throat, so if you are having problems in any of those areas, please see your medical provider so you can be properly examined. Don't forget that ear pain can also be a problem IN the ear, too!  Because of nerve pathway, medical problems in the mouth may cause pain to be referred to the ear.  Yes. This is called "referred ear pain". Because of the nerve pathway, a dental problem can cause pain to be felt in the ear.  Yes, it is safe, but that depends on the REASON you are using it. If the integrity of your eardrum is in question or if you have an active ear infection, I would not advise that you use it.  Don't be alarmed. Eardrums often spontaneously rupture and cause a little bleeding, so this is the most likely reason for the dried blood. This is really Nature's Way of dealing with an infection and/or increased middle ear pressure. The eardrum quickly heals in the vast majority of cases and most middle ear infections resolve spontaneously. It is rare for ruptured eardrum to result in any long-term problems, like deafness. I suspect there is more to the story with the grandparents than just a ruptured eardrum. The grandparents lived in a time where there were few if any antibiotics and medical care may have been sparse. Since you are concerned, it would be best to have your son examined by his medical provider.  You may want to start with your medical provider, so that you can be treated if there is a ear-related problem, however, seeing a dentist first would be okay too. Dental and jaw issues, like TMJ disorders, can cause pain to be "referred" to the ear.  I guess the only thing predictable about tinnitus is it's unpredictability. I have tinnitus as well....about 15 years now, and it started (most likely) from viral infection in the inner ear. Acoustic damage is just one of the ways, so yours may have been viral as well. I can offer no explanation as to why your tinnitus switched ears. I can't say that I have seen this in clinical practice, so this is a unique experience. Remember that tinnitus is usually not a real noise, by an illusion of a noise that our brain creates. I can't comment on your brain tumor concern, but fortunately for all of us, tumors are a very rare cause. If you are going to see a doctor, see a neurotologist (an ENT/neurologist).  Those sutures need to come out. The longer the sutures are left in place, the greater the chance of scarring, and the greater the chance that the sutures will become "buried" under the skin. Buried sutures are very difficult to remove, and left in place, can result in a foreign body reaction or an infection down the road. It is not too late; see a medical provider or the surgeon who repaired your ear, to have the professional removed.  I addressed your question on the Ear, Nose, and Throat Community. Unfortunately, I have no way to confirm if your roommate has a mole or an abscess inside her ear, but a mole does not suddenly occur within hours of a scratch; a skin abscess can form. The fact that this skin lesion is constantly draining is the real concern. It needs to be properly diagnosed and treated. Since I can't examine your roommate, I cannot determine the true nature of this draining lesion. Sorry. Her sinuses do not drain in her ears, but they can drain down the back of her throat. There is an opening of the Eustachian tubes in her throat, but this fluid will not drain UP into the ear. The ear has the potential of creating its own fluid that can become stagnant.  About 99% will heal without surgery.  In most cases, you don't need antibiotics to treat an ear infection, unless it is severe. Penicillin is NOT the drug of choice; amoxicillin is currently the recommended drug should an antibiotic be medically prescribed. If you are self-diagnosing and self-prescribing, then I recommend that you don't do it.  I don't know if you are talking about the ear CANAL, or the outer ear, but vaseline is safe. Knowing the cause of the itchy ears would be good, since itching caused by eczema would be treated differently than itching caused by a fungal skin infection that can also occur in the ear canal. Vaseline will not really treat this Hopefully, you are NOT using Q-tips for ear wax removal. Why? Earwax is a protective coating for the ear canal, and if you remove it with a Q-tip, it can CAUSE itchy ears.  I don't know anything about your son, his medical history, or have any way of sorting out the numerous reasons for his fainting, but I can tell you that it is VERY IMPORTANT for him to be examined, including a cardiac work-up and lab tests, before he runs again. There can be simple reasons, like electrolyte imbalances, hyperventilation, etc, or there can be serious causes like cardiac arrhythmias, so make sure he gets a medical work up.  You have sustained a minor, acoustic injury. There is an excellent chance that your hearing will be completely normal in a few days to a week....as soon as your ears repair the insult.  I can't comment on the accuracy of his diagnosis since I can't examine your child, but a three-year old who has been vaccinated with the chicken pox vaccine can certainly get painful shingles. It doesn't happen very often, but I do see this several times a year in my busy clinical practice.  There are zillions of crystals in the inner ear that help with our balance, and numerous reasons these crystals may be free-floating and causing symptoms. For more information about these inner ear crystals, do an Internet search on "how the inner ear works" or "vertigo".  How about seeing a medical provider today so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. You may need a prescription antibiotic.  You may have atopic dermatitis (eczema) in your ear canals. This usually requires a prescription steroid drops, however it is VERY important to be properly diagnosed since a fungal skin infection can also cause similar symptoms and would be treated entirely different. As matter of fact, a steroid could may a fungal infection worse. See a dermatologist or an ENT -- experts in this area. Being properly diagnosed FIRST is essential to a successful treatment regime.  A tiny amount of blood would not be a cause for alarm. The skin lining of the ear canal is rich in blood supply, so you most likely irritated it when you used the Q-tip. It is best to NEVER use Q-tips inside the ear canal. One of reasons water had a difficult time coming out of ears is because you do not have a adequate protective coating of (ear) wax. When water meets a waxy surface, it will just bead up and fall out by gravity, but if you do not have a waxy surface, the water will remain.  Everyone heals at different speeds, so it would be impossible to predict how long your ears would remain plugged. It can be a few days....or a few weeks. In some cases, the Eustachian tube (the cause of the plugged feeling) can last much longer, but let's hope that yours will be short-lived.  Of course you need to get it checked out. I am surprised that it took you a year to get to this point. There are many, many causes of ear pain, including many causes that do not involve the ear itself. It is going to take a thorough, systemic diagnostic work-up to get to the bottom of this year-long issue.  Long before antibiotics, there were mothers and grandmothers. Putting heat on an earache was a standard of home care in this era. When you put heat on an ear or put warm oil in the ear canal (another home treatment) when a child has a middle ear infection, it can cause the eardrum to rupture. This will cause fluid (pus) to drain out of the ear, and the reduced pressure will relieve the pain. Then, of course, you now have a draining, ruptured eardrum to deal with. A ruptured eardrum may be Nature's Way of curing an ear infection, but it is probably not the most ideal situation. Some ruptured eardrums take weeks or months to heal (depending on their size and location), but they do eventually heal in the vast majority of cases. So, it's okay to use the heat, but this process may cause an eardrum rupture.  You have two issues, not likely related: Based on your list of symptoms, you probably are biologically ill - perhaps a viral or bacterial infection. You will need to see your medical provider so that you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. If you ear is this painful, a middle ear infection would be a distinct possibility. Your other issue, equally as important, is your cutting. Wrist cutting is a symptom of a deep psychological problem. You may not be able to handle some pain in your life and you are using this cutting as an outlet. You need some help, but you will need to ask for it. I hope that you do. If you are a teenage, please inform your parents. If you are an adult, please seek some medical care. A primary care provider may be able to help you with both your ear pain and your cutting.  Thrush is yeast/fungus, and yeast can take up residence in any warm, damp, moist place. Your grand-daughter's case, the ear canal was it. So, yes, it is possible and happens quite often. Since yeast is airborne, I have no idea how she got it. Remember that yeast/fungus can also cause diaper rashes, Athlete's foot, and ringworm...not just vaginal infections.  You only need to clean (with a wash cloth) what you can see. The use of Q-tips is not needed or necessary. Earwax (cerumen), while it may have a disagreeable appearance, is not dirt. It is a protective wax coating for the ear canal, just the way wax protects fine, wood furniture or your car. Using cotton-tip swabs can actually make things worse by pushing wax back into the ear canal, and there is always the potential of them causing eardrum damage. So, your little boy is correct by not letting you dig in his ears. Don't clean out his ears, but you do need to carefully wash off the wax drainage that you can see.  It is time for you to see an ENT specialist....there are more things in the ear that can cause pressure symptoms other than the few things that can be seen on a routine exam. You cannot diagnose these things easily and certainly not over the Internet, so you need an expert. Heaing loss for six months....and pressure...could be many things, from middle ear / Eustachian tube problems and TMJ disorders, to the more difficult-to-diagnose inner ear disorders. And, the fact that the the right side of your face is numb is very troubling. This alone adds to the complexity of the causes.  Far enough in to accomplish your goal (water prevention? hearing protection?), but not so far that you could not safely remove them. Ear plugs are considered to be safe, but unfortunately, I do not have enough information about you, the type you are using, or the reason you use them, to offer you more specific comments.  You may have PULSATILE TINNITUS (even though your ears may not be classically ringing). There can be innocent reasons, such as hearing the pulsation from some adjacent arteries (like the carotid) or a branch of your jugular vein (this vein has a pulsataion), or a few dozen other reasons. In order to be properly evaluated, you may need to see an ENT specialist. Your primary care physician can rule out some of the more common vascular reasons, but this can be a VERY difficult problem to investigate.  The ENT should be an "expert" in these matters, and hopefully have the equipment in the office to clean the ear canal (usually a vaccuum). It is possible that he inadvertently ruptured your eardrum in the process, but this is just a guess since I can't examine you. You could see another ENT, but there will be an expense. If you go to the ER, there will be a BIG expense. If the ENT caused the problem, he should bend over backwards to fix it. I am not sure what kind of "drops" he gave you, but your pain may settle down soon. Even if you did have an accidental eardrum rupture, it should quickly heal.  Unless a medical provider could examine you first-hand and take a detailed medical history, it would not be prudent to make a blind guess over the Internet, as to what this lump might be. A picture is not helpful, unfortunately. A medical provider would need to carefully examine not only this lump of concern, but examine the entire area from the neck up. It could be a lymph node, cyst, or yes, it could be a sign of a serious mass -- one that may need to be imaged (CT or MRI) or perhaps, even biopsied. You cannot make this determination from a photo or a vague description. You are the trustee of your body. It is your responsibility to take this seriously and be properly examined.  As you know, I have no way of examining these mysterious red blisters over the Internet, so I am at a disadvantage. Hand, Foot, and Mouth disease will give whitish papules (look like tiny blisters but are more firm) on the PALMS of the hands, SOLES of the feet, and canker-sore like lesions inside the mouth . What you are describing would not be consistent with Hand, Foot, and Mouth disease.  Sorry, Keith....I can't say that I have ever heard of cabbage-related ear pain. I heard of cauliflower ears! (Sorry, just kidding). I can't offer you a reasonable explanation as to why you have this odd reaction to cabbater.  Olive oil, or any oil for that matter, doesn't get rid of earwax. It may hard earwax, but in order to remove excess wax, you would need to follow up with a . Washing the ear out with warm water is the safest way to wash out excess ear wax. Olive oil is safe to use in an ear canal to soften ear wax, assuming the ear drum is intact (no rupture or tubes). If there is ear pain or other signs of infection, oil should not be used. Remember that earwax is a beneficial coating to the ear canal, protecting it from water and other moisture. It is not dirt. In most cases, it does not need to be removed unless there is a wax impaction. The use of Q-tips is never indicated in the ear.  Yes....external ear canal infections (otitis externa, swimmer's ear) can be caused by ear plugs, but not "middle ear infections".  I can't examine your ear over the Internet, but I suspect your olive oil-based ear drops have softened/liquefied your ear wax to the point where you now have a complete blockage lying against your eardrum. If you are not having any ear pain or signs of an ear infection, you can safely wash out your ear with a gentle stream of warm water (you can use an ear syringe or the shower). This will likely dislodge this waxy mass and your hearing will be miraculously improved. Do NOT use Q-tips, or you will pack the wax in more tightly.  Swimmer's ear (otitis externa) is a skin infection in the ear CANAL, so it would be possible to pass germs from one person to the next, but it would not be very likely. I have never seen it. As far as middle ear infections are concerned, these cannot be transmitted to someone else by an ear thermometer (or anything else, for that matter).  You may have a ruptured eardrum or an infection or skin condition in the ear canal, but this will take a hands-on examination to determine the source and the reason.  See an ENT if you do not improve. Otitis media (middle ear infection) with effusion (fluid) can cause vertigo, but so can inner ear disorders. Since I really have no way to confirm or dispute your diagnosis, or justify the use of steroids in your case, seeing an ENT for a higher-level diagnostic examination is appropriate, however, two days of treatment has not given the treatment plan an adequate trial.  As you know, I have no way of looking at your eardrum over the Internet to give you the "okay to fly". You would need to see a medical provider to make sure you do not have middle ear effusion (fluid) or an infection. You most likely have ETD (Eustachian Tube Dysfunction), so there are no quick fixes. The Sudafed was a good try, but short-acting nasal decongestants (like NeoSynephrine) may offer temporary relief if you do it before you fly, assuming you can use this type of medication. Many people will take ibuprofen before the flight for the anti-inflammatory benefits. Most planes are well-pressurized, so landing may be your problem. Chew gum so you can frequently swallow, and then hope for the best.  There is no way to inspect the ear and make a determination on the exact cause of the tinnitus, let alone determine if the tinnitus is temporary or permanent. Impossible. There can be hundreds of causes of tinnitus. If your tinnitus persists, see an ENT specialist for a high-level evaluation.  I am not sure either, since I can't see or examine you. As a matter of fact, you can't see inside your own ear either, so it would be advisable for you to see a medical provider (someone who can). The most logical reason for your ear pain is an infection, so you are correct. Fingernails are not the cleanest part of our body, so when they scratch the very sensitive skin lining of the ear canal, an infection can happen. These infections can be mild and only need topical antibiotics, or they can worsen and cause a deep, painful infection called cellulitis.  I know of no federal LAW that states a hearing test is only valid for six months, unless of course, this is an occupational or work-related regulation. Ask this doctor for a copy of the law......  You are most likely having ETD (Eustachian Tube Dysfunction). The e-tubes are tiny ventilation and drainage tubes that run from your middle ear to the back of your throat. When you have a viral respiratory infection (colds, flu), these tubes can become clogged or swollen, resulting in some ear fullness/discomfort. When you blow your nose, you are forcing some air up these tubes, causing your ear to pop. In most cases, this will resolve spontaneously in few days or a few weeks, depending on the severity.  This issue has come up many times on WebMD's Ear, Nose, and Throat Community , and there is a few things you can try. You are correct. The weight of your head on your pillow is either restricting circulation to your outer ear (pinna) or you are causing some nerve compression. You can adjust your sleeping position to avoid this over-compression, but old habits are hard to break. An ENT colleague suggested that you get a foam pillow and cut out an ear-sized crater in it. This way your ear can rest in a little bed of it's own without causing undo compression. It may work, but this is not something you can buy...you will need to make it. The worst that can happen is that it will not help,. You can try softer pillows or pillows of different shapes as well. Some people will sleep on the other side of the bed, so they will tend to turn their head a different way. Even if you slept with your wrist flexed under the pillow, you could wake up with a numb, tingling hand, so the the only answer to this problem is either changing your sleep position, or creating that special pillow.  Not all (middle) ear infections respond to amoxicillin, and because you could not take the recommend dosage, you are going to need an alternative antibiotic (perhaps a stronger one that is not so hard on your GI tract). Please call your doctor for a change in your therapy, because you also have a sinus infection that needs treatment as well.  I am sorry to address this "urgent" concern so late, but the answer is yes. This is why you should NEVER use Q-tips to clean the INSIDE of your ears. Ear wax is not dirt and it does not need to be removed. In most cases, the damage was caused to your ear canal or you accidently ruptured your eardrum. Most of these should heal without any permanent hearing loss, but occasional, a severe injury to the middle ear structures from a Q-tip can cause some permanent damage. If you are complete well now...and have normal hearing...and no blood or drainage from the ears, you are probably fine. The only way for you to be completely sure is to see a medical provider and have your ears properly examined. Now...go throw away those Q-tips!  You should consult the medical provider who examined you....the one who knows that TYPE of ear infection you have (I am guessing a "middle" ear infection), the severity, and the type of antibiotics you are taking. Not all middle ear infections will be problematic after a few days, but since I do not know the details of your case, you need to get patient-specific advice from someone who has examined you....or, have someone examine your ears just prior to your journey.  Read my new Blog on on the new guidelines for treating ear infections in children. Most children with middle ear problems improve by age six, so you have two more years. I don't know if he is a candidate for tubes or not, but middle ear fluid lasting more than three months is very problematic. He may need to see an ENT specialist at this point. He is likely in pre-school or pre-K where he is being exposed. Keeping him home would reduce his exposure to other children with colds, but the benefits of preschool outweigh this risk. Never smoke around a child. If he has allergies, try and get them controlled. Hopefully, he is immunized against pneumococcal disease and influenza - the new treatment guidelines stress the vaccines as a preventative.  Yes, but so can about a hundred other things, so it would be wise to seek a medical evaluation looking for other causes as well.  I have plenty of ideas. There are numerous causes for ear pain, but unfortunately, unless I had the ability to examine you first hand and take a detailed medical history, it would be impossible to narrow down those causes. Ear pain can obviously be caused by problems in the ear canal or middle ear, but there can be "referred" pain from other areas, like lymph nodes in the neck, salivary glands, sinuses, dental issues, TMJ, etc. My suggestion is for you to see a good ear, nose, and throat specialist. This has been going on for a few months now, so it is time for you to get to the bottom of it.  If your tinnitus is related to your VNG test, it should resolve in a few days to a week. As you may know, tinnitus is common in many inner ear disorders, like Menieres. It could be just be a coincidence that you have tinnitus today, but then again, it could have some unknown association. People getting a VNG certainly can having dizziness or even nausea/vomiting, but tinnitus would not be a common test side-effect.  Yes. Because of nerve pathways, pain in those third molars can definitely be referred to the ears.  Absolutely not.  You can let it alone and wait until your body pushes it out (extrication), or your ENT specialist can remove it for you.  Contact dermatitis is a itchy rash caused by CONTACT with some allergen.....soap, detergent, perfume, plant, etc. Eczema (atopic dermatitis) is genetically-dry skin. They can both be treated with topical steroids, like you are using, but it can take a while to get it under control. Contact dermatitis will continue to bother a person as long as the unidentified allergen is around. Eczema can last a lifetime....  Usually, this is a problem with your Eustachian tubes. Eustachian tube dysfunction can be caused by many different things, but not knowing your medical history, it would not be possible to narrow down the possibilities in your case.  Yes, that is possible, but not likely. If it does fall "in" instead falling "out", it will need to be retrieved by the ENT. They are easy to find since they will show up on x-ray, and can be seen with a microscopic otoscope. It doesn't have any place to go, so it can be easily found. For the vast majority of tubes, the body will push the tube out into the ear canal (called extrication), where it will just naturally fall out of the ear canal when it is good and ready. In some cases, where the tubes become embedded in sticky, thick wax, a medical provider may have to remove it. An extricated tube can also fall out and no one will ever find it. It will get lost in the bed sheets or sucked up into a vacuum cleaner. You will just be informed that the tube is no longer in the ear.  No. An itchy ear is likely to be a problem in the external ear CANAL, not a healing eardrum. However, the drainage from the rupture could have caused some inflammation, resulting in some itching. Keep things out of your ears, especially Q-tips.If you are a Q-tip user, removing the protective earwax can make you ears more prone to infections, and yes....itching. Until your eardrum is totally healed, it is not a good idea to get water in it either.  No, a pimple will not likely show up on an MRI. I am sure the MRI was ordered to look for other possible causes for the swollen face....not just the pimple.  It is NOT normal to continue to have ear pain five months after tube (grommet) insertion, so I would suggest that you try and get a "second opinion" from another ENT....since two ENT heads are better than one. The area behind the ear is the mastoid sinus, but post-auricular lymph nodes can also be painful. Obviously, ruling out mastoiditis -- a complication of chronic middle ear infections -- would be very important. The leakage (otorrhea) is likely the drainage of fluid (through the grommets) from the middle ear space.  Warm water lavage (irrigation) is safe at virtually any age, but unless you plan on getting very, very wet, the child should be old enough to cooperate and sit still while you do it. You need to do it properly and with the right equipment, and you need to have a good home otoscope (a home medical device to look in the ear canal...about $30) to check your progress. Don't use any instrumentation inside a child's ear unless you have been trained to do so and are experienced.  Or...call the doctor again. I am not sure of the reason for the antibiotic if the Strep test was negative. That usually indicates a virus and viruses (including mono) do not respond at all to any antibiotic. The reason for the continue fever may also indicate that an antibiotic may have been unnecessary, but of course, I wasn't there and can't see his throat. With that said, if he is in pain, not swallowing, having another examination is prudent. He could still have mono since some early tests are false negative and not as accurate.  Get a paper tablet and write one thousand times: "I will not mess with a pimple in my ear every again." Then, call your medical provider, explain the situation. You will either be prescribed an oral antibiotic over the phone for the infection you most likely caused, or you will need to be examined first-hand...and, then prescribed an antibiotic.  Your child have had a spontaneous rupture of the eardrum -- nature's way of dealing with the pressure and/or infection. Some ruptures are tiny and located along the margin of the eardrum - difficult to see; and some are large and quite obvious. Either way, a ruptured eardrum will bleed and nearly all of them will completely heal in a few weeks.  Probably not, but it is good not to do this again if a perforated eardrum is even remotely possible.  See a dentist that specializes in TMJ (temporomandibular) joint disorders. You will need a thorough examination and some imaging studies.  You need to be carefully re-examined by an ENT specialist. While labyrinthitis still can be causing some of these residual symptoms, there are many other ear conditions that can mimic it.  What KIND of ear infection? The only one that may benefit from an injection of a potent steroid would be an inner ear infection (dizzy, vertigo, vomiting, etc.). Cortisporin eardrops will only help otitis externa (swimmer's ear). Since I don't know the reason for the steroid, the type or severity of your ear infection, ther is really no way to predict when (or even "if") this treatment will work.   Red, hot ears are interesting phenomena that many people experience. For some unknown reason, warm, oxygen-rich blood is being shunted to your outer ears. This is a variation of simple blushing. Sometimes, people can even experience pain when this happensnot just embarrassment. If your problem is severe, there are only a few medical options to treat it. Some ENTs use beta-blockers (drugs that are traditionally used to treat high blood pressure and other cardiac problems). Sometimes beta-blockers will helpsometimes they dont.  Of course......getting your ears pierced is a personal choice, and a medical necessity. By definition, this is elective. Insurance companies do not pay for these cosmetic procedures.  If specifically prescribed by your medical provider, some ophthalmic solutions can be used in the ears (assuming the person does not have tubes)...BUT, there are better medications that are typically used just for the ears.  Tinnitus does not cause the face to droop, but Bells Palsy can. The same virus that may have caused your tinnitus/ringing could be the same virus that is now cause some nerve problems in those facial muscles. Many times, this is a herpes simplex virus. I suggest that you see your medical provider right away about this droopy face since there are medications that can help.  At first, the surgical insertion of the T-tube creates quite a bit of inflammation. This can cause tinnitus or changes in your hearing. Over time, this is supposed to settle down and those symptoms should resolve. It has not been a month since your surgery, so things may still improve in the next month or so. Tinnitus is not a pleasant symptom to tolerate (I have it, too), and your hearing can actually be a bit more sensitive, as you have demonstrated on your hearing test. Of course, this is of little consolation. Your hearing loss may fluctuate, so when you saw the ENT, it may have been a good day. If the tube was clogged, your hearing would have been a bit muffled. If you can wait it out a bit longer, perhaps another month, you may begin to experience gradual improvement, or at least you will become more accustomed to those aberrant symptoms. Either way, it should get better for you. Make sure to follow up with your ENT again if it does not. I disagree that these symptoms are "in your head".  Since your sister is the one treating you with her (unfinished) medication, perhaps this question should be directed to her. I am never of fan of this practice. I think it is dangerous. Since many illnesses are viral, antibiotiics do absolutely nothing. Apparently, the medical provider at Urgent Care did not feel that you needed any antibiotic, let alone a Sulfa drug or azithromycin. The fact that a Z-pack has worked for you in the past, in no way implies that each year, you have the same identical bacterial infection that responds to azithromycin. Statistically, this would be highly unlikely. Illnesses do change over time. Most people get better on their own, but a few do get worse. If you feel you are now sicker than when you were evaluated by Urgent Care, than it would be better to be re-evaluated again. Perhaps you do need an antibiotic now, but there is no way for me to make that determination over the Internet. This would be the right thing to do. Taking someone else's leftover antibiotic is not.  One of the first things to do is throw away those Q-tips and never use them again. One possible cause of bleeding after a Q-tip use would be a ruptured eardrum or an abrasion/scratch in the sensitive ear canal area. Pimples can also form in the ear canal. It would take a hands-on otoscopic examination by a medical provider to know the exact source, and how to treat it. Since your original feeling was that there was something inside your ear canal, this would be another reason to be examined. A traumatic rupture of the eardrum, should this be the cause, can take several weeks to heal (depending on the size of the rupture). Ear canal abrasions heal quicker, but can become infected. Ear pain would be one clinical sign of an infection that you should look for.  You may have ruptured your eardrum, so it would be wise to see your medical provider. It is not a true emergency, but it would be good to be seen today, or in the next two days.This is really the only way to determine the extent of the damage. With that said, most traumatic ruptures of the eardrum will heal over time, but you need to give up this unnecessary habit of using Q-tips.  That punch may have ruptured your eardrum. This is just a guess, however, since I can't examine you. Most traumatic ruptures (assuming this is what happened) will heal in a few weeks and hearing will return to normal levels. It is unfortunate that you have to wait for an appointment....you really need to see an ENT now.  That would depend on many factors, especially the LOCATION of this fluid. If the fluid was in your ear canal, the fluid can be aspirated or vacuumed out. If the fluid is in your MIDDLE EAR SPACE, the area on the other side of your eardrum, then this fluid usually does not drain per se, but is reabsorbed over time. Some fluid can drain down the Eustachian tubes, but most will just reabsorb over time. Some medical providers will use nasal steroid sprays or even decongestants to help, but studies have shown that they may or may not help. Surgically, fluid can be trained by inserting tubes - Pressure Equalization Tubes.  There are no viruses or bacteria that only cause bronchitis. Any of the hundreds of respiratory organisms can do. Most cases (nearly all) of bronchitis in children (I don't know your daughter's age) are viral and do not require antibiotics; ear infections often do not require them either, but antibiotics have remained the mainstay of treatment. Ear infections are not contagious. Respiratory viruses are considered most contagious a day before you get sick and for about two days afterwards. Since it has been a week, your daughter is not likely contagious, even if she still has some residual symptoms, like a cough.  As much as I would like to answer your call for help, it is not possible for me to blindly diagnose or treat you over the Internet, so the next and most important step is yours to take. You will need to see a medical provider so that you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. You may have a Strep throat and need antibiotics, but you will need testing first. Viral infections, including mononucleosis, can also cause severe sore throats. Treatment will depend on your diagnosis.... In order to help yourself, you will need to see a medical provider today. An urgent care facility would be good, if your doctor's office cannot see you.  I think ear candles are pure quackery and I don't recommend them....ever. The safest way to clean out your ear canals...the canals clogged with wax....is with a warm water lavage. You can buy ear syringes in the pharmacy for this purpose, but be careful. If you have a PAINFUL ear, you should not be irrigating it. Peroxide only loosens wax, it does not remove it. Not all clogged ears are from wax impactions. If your clog was in the middle ear space (the area on the other side of your eardrum), removing ear wax in the canal will not solve your issue. Since neither one of us can look inside your ears to be sure of the reason for your clog, you may end up seeing a medical provider again. You can ask to see an ENT -- most have special vaccuums that will suck out your ear debris painlessly. Stop using Q-tips if you are doing this....this is one of the major causes of wax impactions.  No...Famvir is only for herpes infections. It will not help a normal ear infection (caused by bacteria, in most cases).  I don't know what "thing" you are talking about. Was it an instrument to clean out earwax and other debris, or was it just the funnel-like tip of the otoscope (the instrument with the light). If your ears hurt during the exam...and still hurts, the clinician most likely scratched or abraided the very sensitive lining of the ear canal. You may need some antibiotic drops, so CALL this person, tell him the story, and have him call in a prescription for you. No sense in you paying for another visit unless he plans on doing it for free.  Along with OB/GYN approved pain relievers, a humidifier or a long hot shower may give her some relieve. A saline rinse can help too, as well as a salt water gargle. Plenty of fluids and plenty of rest.  If you haven't yet talked to a Pharmacist, you should. There are some good topical creams, ointments, and shampoo's that could help you. They can recommend something over the counter (as you may need a prescription form a doctor to get something stronger from the Pharmacy) that might work for you.    loud music for 1, underlying seizure disorder or possibly another neurological defect. or a simple ear infection  Ticks can carry Lyme disease which can cause major medical problems. I would take him/her in for testing.  You should still have her seen by a doctor. Especially if you do not know what type of tick it is. Do you know if it left a bull eye mark? They can treat with antibiotic as a preventative if caught soon enough. I would call your Dr.  Try using mineral oil  You may have impacted ear wax like my fiance. You may need to go to your doctor and have your ears flushed out. They will remove all of the built up wax and clean out any residue that may be left. Im no Doctor but his father has had to do this multiple times but he never has any problems with it! Hope this helps!  well, i thought this was a place where people could get some answers, but apparently not...  Here is some information on that I hope will be helpful. If you're worried that you may have an infection that you could pass along to your husband, you should give your doctor a call and see if you can get in and get checked out in person. You will ease your mind. The WebMD Answers Staff  This is in fact not a question.  probably not  just a change of pressure  Should be checked out for abnormalities by MRI  Not if your laying on your pillow on that side.  My husband kinda suffers from the same issue. He was given tyenol and ibuprofen alot as a child and now it is very hard to find a pain medicine that has any effect on him. He currently has a condition in his chest that no medicine has been able to help the pain. I am not sure if this helps but this is something you probably needed to limit the amounts as a baby.  Throat cancers may show symptoms of a lump and/ or sore throat that doesn't go away, a hard time swallowing, and change in voice. Click here to view a site for more details..  My eye health was damaged by a stroke and being a weak part of the body it gets shingles in it sometimes. If you have it in the eye, it is very painful! You can feel it in the eye and in the nerve at the temple going upward and toward the back of your head.  48hrs is recommended [ for adults in good health] if fever is over 103 or greater ER would be suggested if ibuprofen is not reducing fever? drink lots of fluids high temps can dehydrate you and that can cause fevers to  Do you consume a lot of sugar? I had similar symptoms then realized it was happening when I was drinking Mt. Dew. I stopped drinking Dew and it went away.  Google DMG use for low energy, mental acuity, general fatigue  you have to take pain medication, the good medication for you is  my neck cracks alot but not that prompts a head ache  im not an expert or anything, but it could have something to do with the sinuses.  Did any doctor call it "Tinnitus?" If that's what it is, here are some reasons why you might have it that I found. Not sure though, that this is helpful if you do not have Tinnitus. "The most common cause of tinnitus is hearing loss that occurs with aging (presbycusis), but it can also be caused by living or working around loud noises (acoustic trauma). Tinnitus can occur with all types of hearing loss and may be a symptom of almost any ear disorder. Other possible causes of tinnitus include: A buildup of earwax. Medicines, especially antibiotics or large amounts of aspirin. Drinking an excessive amount of alcohol or caffeinated beverages. Ear infections or eardrum rupture. Dental or other problems affecting the mouth, such as temporomandibular (TM) problems. Injuries, such as whiplash or a direct blow to the ear or head. Injury to the inner ear following surgery or radiation therapy to the head or neck. A rapid change in environmental pressure (barotrauma). Severe weight loss from malnutrition or excessive dieting. Repeated exercise with the neck in a hyperextended position, such as when bicycle riding. Blood flow (vascular) problems, such as carotid atherosclerosis, AV malformations, and high blood pressure (hypertension). Nerve problems (neurologic disorders), such as multiple sclerosis or migraine headache. Other diseases. These may include: Acoustic neuroma. Anemia. Labyrinthitis. Meniere's disease. Otosclerosis. Thyroid disease. Most tinnitus that comes and goes does not require medical treatment. You may need to see your doctor if tinnitus occurs with other symptoms, does not get better or go away, or is in only one ear. There may not be a cure for tinnitus, but your doctor can help you learn how to live with the problem and make sure a more serious problem is not causing your symptoms. I also found this article on home treatments: http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/ringing-in-the-ears-tinnitus-home-treatment  I know this doesn't help, but I think you should go to the doctor. It's my understanding that this is basically an infection. You might be able to save money by not having the tooth capped, but it's my understanding that you need to get the infection addressed.  Well, my ears turn bright red when I drink alcohol. Also, when there is a change in temperature - like going from outside to inside in winter. I've also heard that some medications might cause you to appear flushed... but that's never happened to me, personally.  my kids were all like this, some kids are just more sensitive to sound than others, but its always wise to get their ears checked by a physician   If the music is too loud then yes it can  this happened to me, go to nose ear and throat doc, may have fluid trapped in the inner ear.  possible food poisining  could be nerve damage  I have experienced the same thing - it is very scary. The doctor's attribute it to extreme acid reflux. I am taking medication for the acid reflux and it helps; however, every now and then I eat more of a food I should eat in moderation - I overpower the medicine and once again have radiating pains in my chest, throat, and jaw. Hope this helps - ask your doctor. Good luck!!  look and the mirror and try again to smile. Try moving all facial muscles. If one side still isn't working the same as the oppisite side, this is a common sign of stroke. See Web Md's symptoms for STROKE or CVA. If the symptoms fit...CALL 911.  it's probably just a change in the pressure. Similar to yawning to "pop" your ears on a plane, but I think it was an increase in pressure. Whereas yawning "pops" are a decrease in pressure. Often times ear infections can occur at the same time as sinus/throat infections. That may help explain the pain. If this occurs mostly during chewing, you may want to compare your symptoms to TMJ syndrome.   Is he REALLY covered by them, or just a few at each site you mentioned? If he's REALLY covered it kind of sounds similar to bed bugs. check out the photos online. Do they seem to get better during the day, only to be worse the next morning?  can some one help me'  Well the Scientific name of a fungal ear infection is (Otomycosis), which is most common in warm climates and usually contracted by those who participate in aquatic activities. So its just another type of infection in the auditory canal that is not a bacterial or viral infection, and is probably the easiest to manage and treat.  I am a dental hygienist and my advice to you is to see your dentist because it sounds like you may have a problem with the temporo-mandibular joint. Most people refer to this as TMJ. Dentists are very highly trained in the detection of all oral disease and head and neck disorders. Do you frequently wake up with a headache in the morning? This is another sign. I hope you find out what the problem is and follow up with your Dr.  It could be TMJ. Go see a dentist to confirm it. I have the same pain in my jaw closer to my ear as well. I also have really bad migraines due to it. Hope i helped!!  it could be menopause  Update from original post. Saw ENT, had biopsy done and CT scan. Biopsy was negative for Cancer. Swelling by ear is gone and one in neck is somewhat smaller. The ENT wants me to have the lymph node (neck) removed and biopsied. I'm not in good health, have intractable facial nerve pain from dental procedure (going thru nerve blocks for that) among other conditions. I want to wait on removing the lymph node as none of the tests showed a definitive problem. Need some advice....probably will ask for a second opinion.  My PCP is concerned as no sore throat or ear or obvious signs of infection........and swelling the same after 10 days on antibiotic (clindamycin). Had blood work done, a Chest X-Ray, and an ultrasound of the node by ear and in neck,.....plus a referral to an ENT.  yes I would say its probably infected  you could have Eustachian tube dysfunction. try blowing your nose a couple of times a day or use a saline nasal rinse.  the only way to know is to have your doctor look in your ear with an otoscope to see the drum. also they may order a tympanogram which is a very simple and quick test done by an audiologist that checks the movement of the drum.  strongly recommend second opinion !! if diarrhea has yellow tint probable c-diff u need act asap  It could have closed at the back or even in the middle, when you pushed it through you could have for repierced it. Also if it had not closed completely it could have shrunk severly causing it to rip and bleed, clean it with saline solution and treat it like a new piercing.  Some but not all, best to get a veterinarian to prescribe the proper antibiotics if it is the same medication it may be cheaper at a local pharmacy, some states will allow you to buy your animals medications that are the same as human meds at the pharmacy but they do not require the vet to give you that option (by writing a script)  I am in the EXACT same boat as you. Had tinnitus in left ear since 2001 (cause unknown)(no concerts, no loud music and have been out of work since 1992 so no loud noises) I have had full MRI's, CT scans and all is normal. The ENT can't figure. I am taking medicine for a seizure disorder but I've been on the same Medicine since 1961  Bells palsy. i had it...it well go away on its own most of the time.. u should see a doctor or a neurologist just in case it is some thing else.. mine was caused by my m.s.  I swear I've told my fiance &mom that even my darned toes to my hair sweat! Sheesh AM I glad (you know what I mean) that I am not the ONLY 1! (I am 55, KNOW that I am in menopause, which also means MEN-NO-PAWS! so I guess you know how MY sig. other feels, lol!) I am not going to take hor-mones, I moan n gripe too much already. all comedy aside, it isn't funny at ALL, I either have windows open & fans a flyin' OR am wrapped in sweaters, bathrobes & blankets~ wake up to a wet, cold bed, do house work, sweat like a banshee & WOW, I can barely stand MYSELF! If I showered 3x a day I still think that the odor would be there~ I sit here n play a game, get hotter than a mink then colder than a fridge. Ask the ole man, he's been patiently waiting, I've seriously thought about bringing him SOMEwhere, like to a cousin or the like. Sex is the LAST thing I want/need/care for & honestly I used to love it! Anyhow, I have heard that diabetic types of conditions can be a cause, Also, which floored me, COPD! Our bodies are always changing along w/metabolism, & mine just isn't there any longer.... Don't count out the hot flashes, there are all types..so I've heard. Excuse the jabs up there, I am my own worst enemy.....  It could be a sinus infection, if you have a high temperature, green, thick or smelly nasal discharge you should see you doctor for antibioctics as it may be a bacterial infaction. If you are feeling confused you should see your doctor as soon as possible to rule out any complications. Otherwise it could be a viral infection, in which case take ibruprofen, drink lots of fluids and monitor your temperature, and again see your doctor in two weeks if it is not any better. Allergies can also cause such problems, so again monitor your condition and if your symptoms are not inproving after two-three weeks see your doctor.  no  How old is he? I ask because due to certain genes, a wide range of heights are common at certain ages, even among siblings.  I/m not a DR. but when I had a severe pain behind my right ear and went to the er they said I had Bells Palsy. I also had right side paralisis on my face. I would suggest a Dr. visit. Sorry I couldn't be more helpfull.  You should make an appt with your dentist since the wisdom tooth may be impacted...if other symptoms persist then see your pcp.  this is something related to the nerve responsible for hearing and balance .. u should see ur doctor he could prescribe some medications for you  TMJ pain? Trans Mandibular Joint lies under where your ear is.  You more than likely have an ear infection but it is hard to tell from online. I would recommend seeing your doctor who will give you medication and have you feeling better in no time. hope this helps  It could possibly be a sinus infection  if its behind your ear where the bottom of the skull is it is most likely a lymph node , some are more pronounced then others and can become inflamed if your body is fighting an infection.  sounds to me like it could be a chronic migrianes. i had then almost 5 years now. but i never had ears "stopped up" if your ears feel like it ringing or you hear little in it, it could be from the migraines or headaches. i reccomend to see a neurologist. they can do test on you like EEG to look at your brain. with different colors to show activity of your brain  i too developed extreme sweating in my late twenties, through my research i've been told i have hyper-hydrosis. altho that usually includes sweating in the hands and armpits. i however am like you, i sweat from my head, face and it's just awful. i noticed it after taking a prescription anti deodorant for armpits, it seems that it blocked off my sweat being produced in my underarms and now goes straight to my head. if u find any other info please post. it is a difficult thing to deal with and rather embarrassing at times.  Hi there! Thank you for answering my question.  We've been dealing with the same thing with my daughter for 7 months-- She required oral Clindamyacin and ciprodex drops to get any relief b/c her staph infection turned out to be MRSA. Its been a very expensive nightmare. We also did a day in the OR for the doc to irrigate the ear canal and check for polyps.  He probably has an ear infection. Unless there is fluid coming out of his ear his ear drum probably hasn't ruptured yet. My guess would be that the popping is either from sinus pressure or fluid build up behind the drum. I strongly suggest seeing a doctor before they rupture because it is EXTREMELY painful.  Alcohol can cause high blood pressure and high blood pressure does make you look and feel flushed. Do you have any kind of a rash? Like pimples? or blisters? If that's the case, It might be shingles.  but he has no fever  the physical reaction to stressful situation is not the same reaction have been occured..have a many reason if why? problem is always beside at in the surroundings and the sulotion or our problem is always open them at the surroundings. i have many idea.why and why..to solve in any situation in our problem..first in what and why in a problem..second how and when and where to solve the problem.  i have the same thing crackling sound in ears i think it to do with my jaw but how ?????  same herre ?????  vertigo is a inner ear infection that somehow can be caused by anxiety or panic attacks or at least that's what they told my brother.he was having really bad spells from it.  Your ear buds may be irritating your ears. It sounds like they are too big for your ears. I had this problem growing up from my hearing aids. The molds would be too big and hurt my ears. Try headphones with the earpiece that goes over your ears, not inside them. You can still buy them this way. It is healthier for your ears and your ear buds may even be contributing to your ear infections.  He may need to have a blood test and an MRI scan to ensure everything is okay. Diagnosis is so important for him.  There are possbilities of disease that your ear may have like an ear infection or a ruptured ear or hearing loss you should visitan ENT specialist as soon as possible.  You have to make sure that you are properly washing your ears everyday with mild soap and water. You may also apply some topical medications that you can purchase over the counter.  No expert but this helped my father!! Google noise cancelling headphones..there are many on the market. My father has hearing loss that presents by him not hearing certain tones or octaves... (Pisses my sis off cause he cant hear her but he can hear me!! Lol) Any way!! He has to blast the tv and try to adjust the bass and treble and if he uses traditional headphones the back ground noise.. such as, the annoying to everyone background music that is to loud during dialog or the sudden blast of music for effect during suspense or shock moments in the movies or programs! Noise cancelling helps to reduce these common problems. He and all concerned are much happier since I invested in 3 pair for him this Christmas!! Cordless does not affect the volume of the TV for others in the room only for him!! Now we dont have to keep him locked in his room with a towel under the door! LOL.. J/K!!  Ask for a referral to another ENT! Sounds like the inflammation is only getting worse... they may tell you polyps! Chicken noodle soup and the like helped to sooth my daughters irritation and they finally prescribed Augmentin... cleared her up after Z-pack and 2 others.. Good luck!  I recently fainted. I had cramp at the waistline for nearly 10mins. My eyes started to blur. Then my nose felt like it wasn't taking in enough air or there is a weird scent in the air. Then i had total tunneled vision. My neck couldn't support the head. Limbs are working well. Hearing fine. My lungs felt like it was burning. The bystander asked questions, which I understand and answered them.Took a few before my vision was back after drinking water and while snacked on my chocolate bar. Found out I was sweating like I done 200m run. Left me with a mild headaches. Which is slightly different from above.  seems something is different.....contact his dr...  It might be ear wax that is coming out while your sleeping and then as you move around it goes back into your inner ear. That's just my opinion though. I suggest when you wake up clean out your ears, not going to deep (could damage inner ear) as well as using ear drops, also known as ear wax removal aid. That can be a pain in the butt when first using it, just make sure you read the directions carefully. It does work pretty well for me anyways.   To add to the original question: I have difficulty to focus when reading to the point I must look away. If I look down the pain is sharp.  My Brother grew up w/ the same problem. He had and has a large overbite which he refused to get braces for. But if I was you I would hit the dentist just incase. I had a underbite, it couldnt be fixed surgically until my jaw was at the typical grow no more no more no more no more !7. Magically 6 months later I was asked out more than I had experienced as a tall gawky girl with a funny loisville dialect. A heating pad and then ice was the only thing that gave my brother any relief! good luck  Tension headaches/migraines and if they are bad enough they could cause nausea and vomiting, and sensitivity to light. Migraines can be one sided. Massage therapist, or chiropractic visits are helpful. Putting ice packs to the back of the neck is also helpful. I find sitting up in my recliner in a dark room is more helpful than lying down.  It is more than likely due to your cold and not a major cause for concern. Use ear drops and see if that clears things up, if the symptom persists or worsens, see your doctor.  Possibly Irlen Syndrome, also known as Scotopic Sensitivity Syndrome. Self test at irlen.com; you can also look up screeners in your area to find out.  3yo covering ears and not talking? Maybe sensory processing issue? Some sounds irritating child. Is the not speaking something new or normal for your child?  Don't know if this is helpful or will even apply to your son but my nephew used to get ear infections all the time. His mom let him go to sleep all the time with a bottle of milk and once she stopped doing that the ear infections stopped. You said he is 4 so I doubt he still has a bottle but thought I'd mention it anyway. Hope he gets better soon.  I have the same issue and I see it was suggested to try beta blockers here. Given that it does not seem to be an issue to be concerned about, is it worth to run the risk of beta blocker's side effects to deal with this?  Has your doctor ruled out TMJ?  If the temperature does goes over 102F you should contact a physician at least to ask for their opinion. Vomiting can be a cause of a bacterial infection (ear infection or tonsillitis) where she needs antibiotics. Last time my daughter had a tonsillitis she also had vomiting and the temperature got over 101F. We gave her some suppository with Ibuprofen to lower the temperature and went to the doctor next day. Ibuprofen is also an anti-inflammatory that will help with any possible infection she has. Hope your daughter gets well soon!  If she also does vomit after drinking a bit of water (do only give her plain, still water. No sparkling water and/ or with sugar or other sweeteners) you can give her some iced chips (like pieces of crushed ice). That will prevent the mouth from getting too dry and she might feels a bit better. To lower high temperature you can also do cold leg compresses.  Steriod cream is probably going to be your best bet. Look up common childhood skin problem here on WebMD, you may find a picture that you can relate to. Hope it goes away quickly.  it doesnt sound too serious. it sounds like an ear infection,my glands swell when i get ear infections. it may not have happened to u before, but u need to remember that it is all connected.  Take him to a doctor as soon as possible. Ticks carry lyme disease. Better safe than sorry.  No, you are a human. Your cat is a cat. Why would you think you can swap organs?  Absolutely they can!  I think it is a swollen gland. I get them sometimes as well.  just a few of those  Right now my husband is going through the same thing they can't find anything either  For me that is usually a sign of ear/ sinus infection. I have had so many the blocked feeling is usually the only way I can tell. I say if you can go to a walk in clinic or a quick visit with your doc should be an easy fix.  Commonly the stated symptoms are found in sinus infection. Some people do also feel an increased sensitivity or headache when they lean forward because of the additional pressure placed on the sinuses. Some may also experience tooth or ear pain, fatigue, or bad breath.  As Elizabeth suggested there is no link between ear wax and sinuses. I think a health care provider would be a real solution of the issues you are suffering from. You can also get a guide from your family doctor as he would be well aware of your health care history and suggest you with process ahead.  The sinus problems can cause tooth pain. The pain can also be related to the grinding, as that can cause inflammation in the ligaments around your teeth. The affection of the maxillary sinuses causes an ache in the upper jaw (maxilla) and teeth.  If you have not seen your doctor yet, particularly one that is trained in concussions, as most primary care physicians are not, you need to right away! A concussion is swelling of the brain. Getting a 2nd concussion when still symptomatic from the first concussion is incredibly dangerous and can lead to very severe consequences such as permanent brain damage. I cannot stress enough the importance of going to your doctor RIGHT AWAY!  There is a tube that connects the middle ear to your throat called the Eustachian tube. This tube helps to equalize pressure on both sides of the ear. Since the eardrum is a solid membrane and there is empty space behind the eardrum, there has to be a way to equalize the pressure or the eardrum would rupture due to the pressure. What your hearing is that pressure equalizing. The reason it only happens when you move your jaw or chew is because your Eustachian tube is inflamed meaning that with your jaw in normal position, the air isn't able to pass through and equalize the pressure. Things that can cause inflammation include current or recent head cold, sinus infection, and very commonly, allergies. Go to your Dr, steroid nasal sprays work very well in reducing inflammation in that tube and will alleviate your problem. As the inflammation gets worse you will start to notice your ears popping and a lot of pressure and eventually pain. So get it taken care of now before it gets to that point. Hope this helps : )  I know how frustrating this problem is. I have a similar problem with my left ear. Mine stems from allergies or so I am told. I have fluid on the ear which causes a feeling of it being plugged and also discomfort. I tried all the usual over the counter aids and also was prescribed oral prednisone but to no avail in relieving my symptoms. I even had an ear tube put in but was very little help. My doctor finally gave me a Solu Medrol injection, which rids your body of excess fluid. Plus putting me on what. they call an oral Medrol pack. It works for me. I have to go in about every three or four months for another round but it has been the only thing that has worked for me. Good luck; I hope this has been helpful.  Something that helps and what I have used for my son who has had constant earaches since birth is to dampen a washcloth with water, place it in the microwave just enough to get hot without drying it out (probably about 15-30 seconds...check often until it is almost too hot to hold). Then place another wash cloth over the hot/wet one so as not to burn the skin, and lay the ear on top of it. The point of doing this is to allow some moist heat into the ear for comfort and possibly loosen and drain the ear. They do make over the counter earache drops, I think in the children's section, but it is just to ease pain, not clear infection, so if it is severely infected it will be best to get some antibiotic and they will usually prescribe some stronger drops as well. **Something my grandmother had done when she was little was for a smoker to blow cigar or cigarette smoke in the affected ear. And my father-in-law told me that a neighbor who was nursing would squirt breast milk in his ear for infection and it would help him.  I'm not a doctor but I am having the same problem. I went to my doctor and even tho both ears look great, I have fluid behind my ear. I don't necessarily know where but they told me there is fluid in my ear but my ears looked good. I was told to use Afrin and also an allergy medication with a decongestant in it. I've been doing this for 3 days and I only notice a slight difference. but my right ear is plugged. It cracks when I drink and yawn and cough but they also told me to chew gum. I hope this helps. Good luck  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  How do I register?  How do I find some practitioner who will administer ear washin?  How large is the lymph node? Any lymph node can enlarge due to any type of bacteria or virus. It could be from ear piercing, wearing earrings that are not actual gold or silver due to inclusion of nickle in the metals commonly called "German Silver" which only refers to the color not that it is Sterling Silver. A bug bite, an ear infection, any abrasions on the scalp, neck. Sometimes we don't know what causes the lymph nodes to enlarge. It should go down in a couple of weeks. It is important to note if there are any other symptoms; chronic low grade fever, night sweats and weight loss could indicate a lymphoma. This is rarely the cause but must be attended to quickly. If it remains enlarged and gets any larger without an infection nearby it is advised to see a doctor. Ice may help bring it down.  Because there are so many tick born ailments I think it's important that you watch her closely for the next week or so. Make sure you take temp 2xs a day and watch for rashes anywhere on the body.  Fluid in the ear is most annoying and can be damaging to your ear. I caution you though about the decision to have "tubes" put in the ear drum to drain this fluid. I had tubes in for about 2 years, they fell out. I actually had the little tiny plastic rings. They are less tubes than just little rings of plastic. Most often the ear drum heals itself after the tubes fall out, mine did not. I now have very tiny holes in my ear drums this is a problem. I cannot swim in a lake for fear the water will enter into the ear and this water can carry many nasty little bugs, viruses, bacteria and so on. Many lakes in my area end up at one time or another have to be closed to swimmers due to high bacteria counts, e-coli is just one of the many things that can be found in lake water. You do not want this to fester in your ear.  i also wanted to add that i DO feel a bit sick, both in my head, and in my chest, so there's a chance this could be related to some sort of viral or bacterial infection, but i haven't found any condition that would match this profile. normally all conditions that affect the feeling of pressure in the ears are accompanied by hearing loss and/or vertigo, even if only mildly, but yet, i have none of either of those - and the tinnitus is so slight that its negligible, because i commonly experience that any way. i can't seem to find any conditions that have the feeling of immense bilateral pressure, without vertigo or hearing loss... thanks.  i don't know WHY this site does not allow you to edit your answers ... any way, i also meant to add that i have been giving blood for the last couple of weeks.  I would love to get an answer as well because I have been experiencing the same sensation for a few weeks. I feel it in my upper chest near my neck, face and ears. Those areas get read and blotchy and feel hot to the touch. It last a few minutes and then goes away. It burns, feels prickly and after a while slightly itchy. The burning is the worst part of it because it feels like a terrible sunburn! I sure hope we get some answer!!  Having a MRI on your brain does not hurt. I have had one last year and you can't feel anything. The only thing is that you have to be still and you lie on your back for about 30 min. or so. Maybe longer or maybe sooner but try to use the restroom before you have it done. And try not to drink so much before the test. You can stand and walk after the test. They also did mine with contrast and that means that they will inject some dye into your arm but you may feel a warmth come over you but that is normal and then they take some more pictures and then its over. Then your doctor will tell you the results.  You might need a chiropractor to relieve the pins and needles/numbness - If you are tired all the time, get checked for lyme disease - I had it for years and did not know it until I could not move anymore - If you don't take omega 3's and 6's essential fatty acids, you can become very tired so add this to your diet  You might have an insect in your ear. Clean them out with peroxide. It will tickle but it cleans them . I use it on all 4 of my children's ears.   I have never heard of the medicine you are on, but everytime I mention or show my doctor a lump in my neck or something, he says it's a lymph node, that possibly I may getting a cold or something. He says that is a sign your body's trying to fight an infection. Hope this helps some.    My brother had this issue. He was diagnosed with Bells Palsy. Not sure if I spelled that right or not lol. The whole right side of his face sort of "fell", there was no muscle tone or movement at all. He even slept with one eye open. It eventually went away on its own but when he smiles the right side of his lips still don't lift as high as the left. Barely noticeable though. Hope this helps!  My son had the same thing. Don't use the Q-tip anymore. You are probably pushing the wax further in your ear which is making that noise. Make sure you are taking the medicine and try not to use the Q-tip. It should clear up with the Amoxicillin. If not ask for some ear drops that are antibiotic to loosen the wax in your ear.  no,needs to get checked by doctor/lab work  Im not sure but maybe it could be nerve damage.  my son has ha several concussion at least 5 From car wreck dr says they were mild but now he seems conused at lot like his memory comes and goes and he sometimes loose track of year and time  I had a friend who had this problem. His was due to earwax blockage and he had to go to the doctor to deal with this issue.  