Some ejaculate will always come out of the vagina after sex. Yes sex is messy sometimes a little sometimes a lot. Depends on the duration and how many orgasm each of you has.  Yes, you can get pregnant from Pre-cum due to the fact that there is sperm in pre-cum. It doesn't matter if she has an orgasm or not. Some women never experience orgasm. The femal orgasm does help sperm get to the cervix easier but is not necessary for impregnating a women.  Could Be Infection Contact A Doctor  Hello Tariq,  Premature Ejaculation is defined as discontentment of either or both sexual partners due ejaculating in less than one minute during vaginal or anal sexual intercourse or masturbation.  Early ejaculation is probably one of the most common sexual problems in men. Depending on how you define this condition, some studies have found that up to 30% of men suffer from premature ejaculation at some point in their lives. The exact cause of premature ejaculation is not known and treatments focus on the behavioral, psychological, and medical aspects. Here's a lineup of some of the treatments that are available: Antidepressants- some can cause a delay in ejaculation. These medications include Paxil or Zoloft Lidocaine creams and other desensitizing creams prolong the time to ejaculation. Desensitizing lubricants are available over the counter. The Squeeze method developed by Masters and Johnsons or the Stop and Start technique are also employed to help with premature ejaculation and help prolong sexual activity. If premature ejaculation causes you anxiety its important to meet with a mental health counselor. SeeK medical help for early ejaculation since these treatments may help you but part of the treatment plan should be to have a sustained and satisfying sex life.  why dont try to have the dna for your assurance but you said you didnt do it inside and dint finish ,, i might say its not yours  If she does it will be a miracle! The sperm has to literally travel pretty far to get INTO her to attach to one of her eggs.  I would say no. You can have implantation bleeding, however, implantation bleeding would never be enough to fill a super tamping.  What were you doing at the times of your orgasm? For example what positions? Sometimes it can be the position your in. Sounds wierd but it's true. Try and remember the position you last was in when you was ablw to orgasm, and give it a try. Sometimes men can only orgasm in one certain position as for the same for the females.  How often are you making love? If it's not very often (less than once a week) you are more likely to have premature ejaculation because it feels too good. Try making love more often. I bet if you do it once a day or once every other day you'll last a lot longer, at least that worked for me. Also do it more regularly - irregularity also contributes to premature ejaculation from my experience.  Just a normal result of growing up.  Assume anything a male tells you to convince you you can't get pregnant if you have sex with him is a LIE.  Rapid ejaculation (coming more quickly than you'd like; also called premature ejaculation) is quite common, particularly among young men or those just beginning to have sex. The good news is that many men find strategies that work for them to help them last longer and gain ejaculatory control with time and practice. Both the stop-start and squeeze techniques are useful long term strategies that men can use to teach themselves to pay attention to the physical sensations they experience as they get closer to climax. ... Short-term solutions include desensitizing condoms...that are lubricated internally with a substance that includes benzocaine. ...You want to be careful not to let that substance, or any other numbing agents, touch your partner's mouth or vagina, as it can desensitize her parts, too! ...  We scientists don't fully understand the process of female ejaculation. It seems that some women sometimes release fluids that range from clear to white-ish during sexual excitement and/or orgasm. Some women can consciously do this. Others find it beyond their control. Some women and their partners enjoy it and others feel bothered by it. Because the fluid comes from the urethra (Which is the same tube that pee passes though - just as men's ejaculate also passes through their urethra), it may feel like urine. It may even smell just a little bit like it as it does pass through the same tube. ...  But, Peyronie's is unusual in young people. It's fairly unusual in general. And if your BF is at a young age, the doctor is more likely to suspect some vigorous masturbation is or did cause some irritation that is occasionally triggering some pain as a tiny injury gets triggered when you move something the wrong way. Like a little hitch in your shoulder from moving something wrong, everything is fine until you move it just the wrong way and then you get a shooting pain. I'm not saying that he doesn't has an infection. It's unlikely he and doctor will know exactly what the source is, even after investigating, unless its very obvious. Riding a bicycle regularly, doing strenuous exercise, not drinking enough water, lots of things can contribute to tiny injuries in your urogenital system that can feel like a stabbing pain when they get irritated by another activity. Of course no pain is "normal" and it's good that you both are willing to figure out what's wrong. What I'm trying to encourage you to do is to pursue a resolution without any "wait and see" breaks. Because in some circumstances waiting makes the situation worse and harder to resolve, I don't want you to fall into that mode of inactivity where you create more of a problem by not following up promptly.  A woman getting an erection "just like a man" is a physical impossibility. The woman would need a penis, thereby making her not a woman but a man.  It's possible you could overcome delayed ejaculation by reducing the number of times you masturbate. Masturbation can desensitize the penis, resulting in delayed ejaculation during intercourse. Please be sure to practice safe sex. Using a condom not only helps prevent unwanted pregnancy, it helps protect both you and your girlfriend from swapping any sexually transmitted diseases. A condom may not entirely protect you from or because it doesn't cover all of the skin areas that may come into contact with infected areas. But it's better than no protection at all. If you continue to have problems reaching orgasm during intercourse, I'd suggest you consult a psychotherapist who specializes in sex issues. It's possible (though not likely) there's something else going on here besides desensitization of the penis. Lastly, I should mention that I hope your girlfriend also is at least 18. Otherwise, you know, your relationship is not exactly ethical (and not legal in many places). And that's no basis for a relationship. Wishing you all the best!  Great question! I'm glad you asked. A nutritional supplement is not likely to help with premature ejaculation, and there's no scientific evidence any of these "male enhancement" products actually help with male sexual performance. What concerns me is the number of these "all natural" "herbal" supplements that have been found (at least in the U.S.) to contain actual prescription medications designed to treat . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has issued several alerts and recalls over the past few years on this type of product (though not Vigormax, specifically, that I know of). The addition of these prescription drugs to over-the-counter dietary supplements is illegal and dangerous. Manufacturers do not disclose these drugs on the label. So, my advice to you is to seek medical treatment for your issue and to give the nutritional supplements a pass. Some things you can do to help with premature ejaculation: Stop smoking, drinking, or using illicit drugs Use a condom to reduce sensation in the penis Try different sexual positions to reduce stimulation until ejaculation is desired Sometimes doctors will prescribe antidepressant medications to treat premature ejaculation. Hope this helps!  The odds of your getting pregnant under the circumstances you describe is slim to none. Sperm do not survive well outside their natural environment in the male reproductive organs. Sperm have a hard enough time surviving inside the vagina (which is hostile to sperm), let alone taking on saliva and the mechanical crushing of mastication. Especially if you're describing semen transfer from the hands to the mouth while ingesting food or a beverage, the odds any sperm would survive to subsequently impregnate you during oral sex is infinitesimal. Of course, you should always practice safe sex (when you're truly having sex), and if you don't want to become pregnant then you have a responsibility to use some sort of birth control, yourself. A condom helps protect against sexually transmitted diseases and pregnancy, and you increase your chances of staying pregnancy-free by using a second birth control method, such as the pill or an IUD. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Your symptoms definitely deserve to be checked out by your health care provider. Any time a person develops a symptom like widespread loss of sensation to a body area, it's a good idea to get examined. You can start with your primary care provider or whoever treated your UTIs. Because your UTI cleared up over a month ago, I wouldn't think your symptom is some weird side effect of antibiotics. And I don't think antiperspirant use would cause loss of sensation, either, though if you're spraying it directly on your groin area, you could try stopping that to see if sensation improves. At any rate, I'd recommend you make an appointment with your health care provider for an exam. Best wishes to you!  Surprisingly, it can take as little as 30 minutes for a sperm to reach an egg in a woman's fallopian tube. However, sperm can live up to 72 hours (3 days) inside a woman's body, so fertilization could occur anywhere between 30 minutes and 3 days. This by WebMD gives a great visual overview of the process of conception. I hope this answers your question!  I suggest you contact your surgeon immediately. While scrotal edema (swelling of the sac that holds the testicles) after is not necessarily uncommon, the fact it's occurring 5 days post-operatively and seems to be linked to some sort of painful activity means the swelling may not be normal in your case. You don't say if you ejaculated via intercourse or masturbation. If you had intercourse just 5 days after inguinal hernia repair surgery, you may have caused too much strain on the sutures and ruptured them, which is what may be causing your scrotum to swell. If you ejaculated through masturbation, you still may have somehow disrupted the internal repair. Your best bet is to call your surgeon's office to report this or make an appointment. Don't be ashamed to tell the receptionist you're experiencing scrotal swelling with pain. You don't have to tell them over the phone how this happened, but you should be frank with your surgeon in order for him or her to provide you with the best care. Hope this helps!  It's normal for semen volume to decrease as a man ages. Several studies have shown that the volume of semen per ejaculation decreases continuously between ages 22 and age 80. The reason you probably never noticed this before is that the decline in semen production happens so gradually. Besides, it's not like we measure it every time, right? As long as this is happening infrequently (not too often, as you said), there's probably nothing to worry about. If you notice this happening more frequently, or if you're having pain with (or shortly after) ejaculation, then I'd suggest you see a health care provider. By the way, orgasm without ejaculation (called "orgasmic anejaculation") also is not uncommon. It can be caused by many factors, including medications. If you experience anejaculation frequently, it would be worth getting checked out by a health care provider. Sometimes anejaculation is an indicator of retrograde ejaculation, in which the semen flows into the bladder. Your health care provider can evaluate this with a simple urine sample. Unfortunately, it's not possible to increase the quantity of semen. If you have any concerns at all about your sexual health, please see a health care provider.  Any problem with erection falls under the umbrella of "erectile dysfunction." Many people believe the term only includes difficulty getting an erection, but actually it also covers just what you describe: trouble maintaining an erection and/or ejaculating. You should see a medical professional, preferably a urologist, for a workup. Many things could be causing your issue, from general stress to performance anxiety to testosterone issues to circulatory issues to side effects from medications. The reason you want to get a diagnosis is to rule out any potential "bad things" causing this, like prostate cancer, heart disease or something else. Chances are your erectile problem isn't caused by anything serious. But you want to make sure. Wishing you well!  I'm neither a guy nor a urologist, but one thing I feel pretty confident saying is this: circumcised or not, masturbation shouldn't hurt (or sting uncomfortably). Of course, the penis always swells when it's aroused. The swelling causes the penis to stay erect for penetration during sexual intercourse. If that's the type of swelling you're talking about, then it's perfectly normal. If you're implying you experience an abnormal swelling other than a normal erection, then that's worth investigating. I suggest you see a urologist to explain what's going on and find out if what you're experiencing is normal or is something that needs to be addressed. Do not feel embarrassed consulting a urologist. They deal with questions like yours every day and will respond in a respectful and dignified way. You have a legitimate concern, after all. Take care!  I wouldn't worry about this too much. It doesn't sound abnormal to me. Different things "turn on" different people. Maybe oral sex just isn't your thing. You can choose to analyze this and possibly discover why receiving oral sex makes you feel tense, or you can choose to focus on engaging in sexual activities that give you pleasure. That's how it sizes up, to me. As long as you're not having other problems, you can be pretty confident the lack of orgasm during oral sex is merely an issue of personal preference. If you find this truly bothersome, I'd suggest seeking out a counselor or psychotherapist with experience in sexual dysfunction. He or she should be able to help you sort this out pretty quickly. All the best to you!  Unfortunately, it's not possible to say what's causing this without doing a physical exam and maybe some other testing. It could be as simple as a muscle cramp. Your best bet is to make an appointment with your primary healthcare provider to discuss the situation. Please don't be embarrassed. Medical professionals deal with cases like this all the time, and their only concern is to make a diagnosis and get you appropriate treatment if required. Hope this helps. Good luck to you!  you are probably not pregnant. if there was no ejaculation, no sperm could have fertilized your egg to result in pregnancy. it doesn't matter if you we ovulating or not.    To soon to tell. Wait a week before your period is due and take a test.  maybe  HIV and STD's are generally contracted through sexual contact or exchange of bodily fluids. If nothing on your body was open, such a a cut,then no fluids could have come in contact with yours. Even saliva transfer (kissing) isn't potent enough to transfer it. You are safe!  when ejaculatin flows to the bladder and then discarded as waste due certian meds for high blood pressure or urethra surgery  Masturbation is not a necessity and if a person does not want to engage in the practice, there is no reason that he should; however, if he opts not to masturbate and it is not due to reasons such as religious beliefs, being too busy, enjoys exerting willpower, etc., he may want to consider consulting with a doctor in case he has a low libido and might want to take steps to address that issue. On a separate note, all men should keep an eye on their penis health; using a top notch penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) can help. A good bet is a cream that includes L-arginine, which can help with penis blood flow issues.  The problem you are describing could be related to your meds, even if you've been on them for a while; our bodies change and meds can accumulate over time, so what was Not a problem at one time (or at a lower dose) may eventually become an issue. Check with your doctor to see if this is likely and if so if there is another alternative medicine you can try. Also, you may just be experiencing typical loss of penis sensitivity which happens to men over time. Try using a top drawer penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil). What you want is a cream that includes acetyl L carnitine; this is an ingredient that is neuroprotective and is useful in restoring penis sensitivity. Good luck!  Masturbating is really just amatter of following your instincts. Put some lubrication on your hands, rub it into your penis, then just gently rub your penis until it gets hard - and then keep rubbing. Some guys prefer to rub their penis against something else instead of using their hands. There are lots of variations - jsut experiment and see what works for you! And have FUN.  I would try one more test just to be on the safe side. Supplements can have different effects on every woman. If it's not the supplement making you late, any change in stress factors, or hormone changes can cause you to be late.  If you have random thoughts about your penis during sex, this can make you lose your erection as well as lose control. The problem with one occurrence of premature ejaculation or ED is that the next time you go to have sex, you are already wondering if you will have that problem again. The more you focus on the feelings in your penis, the more occurrences of premature ejaculation you will have.  You need to put your focus into your woman instead of constantly thinking and worrying about your penis. Muscle programs are often activated by our thoughts so if you worry and imagine yourself ejaculating you will lose control and ejaculate. Keep in mind that your conscious mind can only focus on one subject at a time.  Premature ejaculation is predominantly caused by focusing on your penis for too long - and activating the ejaculation program. The best way to slow down ejaculation is to focus on the mechanics of attending to your woman's needs.  Ejaculating before you or your partner are ready. If you want to permanently solve your premature ejaculation problem, you've got to take your focus away from your penis during sex - otherwise your constant attention to your penis activates the ejaculation program. Spend more time focused on the "mechanics" of attending to your woman's needs.  ED medications usually make a premature ejaculation problem worse. What you need to do is to stay in what I call the "safety zone" of arousal during sex, so you don't accidentally overstimulate your brain with sexual thoughts and feelings, which is what makes you ejaculate early.  Be careful how much attention you pay to your penis - because when you put your attention there, all feeling is naturally enhanced. If you are focused on how good or sensitive it feels, you will activate the ejaculation program which completes within one minute.  To prevent premature ejaculation you need to take these 3 factors into consideration:  Highly unlikely  Was this your first time? Perhaps the bleeding occurred as a result of him bursting through your hymen as you lost your virginity.  How long is your "normal' menstrual cycle? In a typical 28 day cycle, the most fertile days would be from Day 11 to Day 15, with ovulation occurring approximately on Day 14. The first day of bleeding would NOT be a fertile day and sperm deposited at that time would only live until Day 5 so could not cause a pregnancy.  Not likely but it depends a lot on if you have a "regular" menstrual cycle. In a 28 day cycle, you'd ovulate around day 14, and the days you could get pregnant would range from approximately days 11 to 16. His sperm can live for up to 5 days in your body, so sex from 3 days before until 2 days after the egg is released, could result in pregnancy. In your case the egg was long dead when you were possibly exposed to his sperm, and the next one won't be around for a while yet.  Thank you for you answer, please i am still stressing, can an MD help me or more people elaborate on this, is this true!?!?! im so stressed and have so much anxiety about this! She masturbated in the panties and then i handled them, after i handle them can i spread anything by touching say a bathroom light switch? or faucet? I am sooo scared! help please! IM GOING TO LOSE MY MIND!!! WAS THERE ANY EXPOSURE RISK HERE!  Just because he rubbed against you and didn't ejaculate does not mean you cant get pregnant. If there is pre-cum there is a chance for pregnancy. If you are late on your period by 2 days you can test for pregnancy. A simple urine test will tell you if you are pregnant or not. You have signs and symptoms of a couple of different things. When did you have your last pap smear? Or have you ever had one? How old are you? If this persists for more than 1 week take a test. if it is negative go see the gynecologist and have them just do a pelvic exam and pap smear just in case. It is just routine. This way all bases (no pun intended) are covered. Plus, you will have peace of mind. Good Luck!  Yes a woman can get pregnant from Pre ejaculation , it contains sperm. .If a woman is ovulating it is possible to get pregnant in this situation with or without an orgasm.  Yes you can still get pregnant, pulling out is not a sure way of birth control. There is seman present even before he ejaculates, so if he doesn't want to ues condoms then you should look into some kind of brith control. Take charge of your body and brith control.  Well i also suffer from the same problem. My Dr. has a belief that it is caused by Enlarged prostaet & Epididamal Cysts, which restricts the flow during ejaculation and urination . In fact I'm having out patient procedure to check it out and get biopsy of cysts.  If there's nothing to become impregnated with, then no you cannot get pregnant. Just make sure you are as aware of what is really happening in the moment, so you know what's happening. Another option of course is to use birth control or have it available, in case.  It takes only one for pregnancy to happen; however, I would say that chances of her becoming pregnant are almost zero.   First, its good to be concerned and thoughtful about how you will please your partner  just dont get too worried about it; approaching it with relaxation and ease is more productive for you. Second, try practicing edging for a couple of weeks. Edging involves masturbating right up until the point of ejaculating then stopping before the ejaculation occurs; letting the urge to ejaculate subside; then masturbating to the edge again; and repeating this over and over without ejaculating for as long as you can  at least half an hour. Doing this every day for 2-3 weeks helps many men learn control over their ejaculations when with a partner. It also gives them a sore, red penis, but using a quality penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) that includes both vitamin E (a natural hydrator) and she abutter (an excellent emollient) can help reduce the soreness.  your not suppsed to get pregnant with an IUD from what i know  It varies from individual to individual. some men know when yhey are about to ejaculate and immediatly do so but some come immediately they know. Just like women, women who are circumcised do not often cum while women who arn't cum over and over again but it also depends on the individual.  Sti?  I've recently heard of a Suppliment called "SEMENAX" I've ordered some to test the results, and i'll be happy to report my findings here. I too am 55 and have noticed a decline in volume, and would hope to see some even if just a little more. I know it's more of a visual thing, but I just want to feel a little more volume for myself if nothing else.  While it is still possible to get pregnant, it's less likely since you started your period the next day. That means that you were not likely in a time in your cycle where pregnancy is likely. To increase your ability to get pregnant, you should time intercourse around the time of ovulation. WebMD's ovulation calculator can help .  First let me say that if there was no penetration into your vagina it is unlikely your pregnant. With that being said, a boy does not always have to ejaculate for you to become pregnant. Often times there is precum which also contains semen and can cause pregnancy if they have penetrated your "hole". Peeing would not clean out the semen if there was any in you. The cramps may be caused by menstral cramps or possibly a side effect from the morning after pill. I suggest next time using a condom or other contraceptive if you do not want to get pregnant. Please remember that though other contraceptives may prevent pregnancy, they may not protect against STD's. Consult your doctor about the different precautions or options out there if your unsure what to use. If you are still worried about wether or not your pregnant you could try a at home pregnancy pee test stick.  Hi Are you saying no sperm and just blood? if so you should go see your doctor ASAP, you have a problem. Good Luck  Hi If you read up about the side effects and bleeding what you read and what happening now should just be a side effect of the pill you took. If you miss your next period date its either because of the pill or you could be pregnant, for the second one just get a test done, if negative. Then that would be the time that you should think of BC either the pill, the implant, the ring, the cap or IUD as protection against getting pregnant. Just think safe sex, any form of unprotected sex could end up with you being pregnant. Good Luck  Hi OK why do you think they call it a birth control injection? it stops you getting pregnant that's why, that's the whole idea of it, so if its depo shot, just google it and away you go all the answers you need. But do google depo shot side effects, lots of info on it side effects some you may not know about. If I remember right its like 99% safe, and that's about as good as it gets, unless you just stick to oral sex, so now is the time to enjoy your sex life, you can go all the way and let your b/f ejeculate inside you, without fear of getting pregnant, your b/f will now enjoy his sex life with you, us men do not like withdrawing at the point of ejaculation, and your now should be able to feel him pumping into you, its all apart of the sex act. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS don't forget every 12 weeks get your next shot.  Hi, To keep it simple, YES it does. Good Luck  Hi1 is this an on going thing? " has this just started in the last few days, if think about what you were doing before it started, was you doing any heavy lifting? moving anything heavy from an awkward angle? if any of these last two, then you have a small strain, it can happen from the smallest thing. Just give a couple of weeks and it should slowly go. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, OK it can be possible for you to get pregnant from anytime of the month if your one of those women, others it has to be the right day time and so on, its toss a coin time. Did you not think of plan B, so simple take a pill, trouble gone. You will need to wait to see if your next period comes, if not then the time to do a test. Good Luck  Hi If your 3 days late it would be the right time to do an HPT, or get a pregnancy test done at your doctors. Intercourse or outercourse, if it involves male sperm or the chance of with no protection then there is always the chance of getting pregnant, its like playing with fire, its dangerous, and playing dangerous games, like you, you could end up being pregnant. This is why there is BC either the pill, condoms, the cap and some other forms of BC. Sorry for you. Good Luck  To Lightingguy, yes that all he needs is a bottle expensive Man ! man oil, now let me guess you work for Man 1 Man somehow you seem to push it a lot, tell you what your going to be reported, your just advertising.  Hi Your find in a lot of men, PE is all in the mind, and from that we are getting there before we even have sex and with lots of foreplay even quicker. If you have now lost that, you now OK, its like you have come of age. Just in case it dose return you should learn how to edge, edging in a simple exercise to get over PE for this just go to www.pegym.com on there look under exercises. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Well at 18 masturbation is not any problem to you, men who masturbate regular have good prostates, and helps to keep your system ticking over, but when you do masturbate only use a very light feather like touch to your penis, us some baby oil as well, masturbation should be like the inside of the vagina, soft and light. As for size? if this is erect and your growing, your getting there, so don't worry, as for length of time masturbating your not that bad, but stop timing your self and enjoy the moment, remember your masturbating with your best friend. But there is a simple exercise called edging, just go to www.pegym.com and look under exercises, your find edging there, just follow what they say, have a good luck round on site your find it interesting. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Get yourself off to an STD/GUM Clinic, this is the best place you can go, there a lot more informed than a doctor on both STI's and STD's, this is there work, explain all you symptom's to them. But before you go make a list your symptom's, think about it even things that may now have stopped, may be stopped but could still be deep hidden inside your body tissues. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi How lucky you are , you have a girl friend who can ejeculate , and yes it can be white, or clear, it can change from time to time. If she is really good at this you mat find that you may need to a towel under you for sex, so times they can get really wet. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, First you are your best drug for this problem, if you are to be king of you domain. Its very simple thing to do, just go to www,pegym.com look under exercises, and your looking for edging, its on page 2, once you get this going your be able to last all night, your be your new wife's real lover. Do hope edging dose it for you. Good Luck  Hi No its not normal you should see either your doctor or gyno, blood tests would help, to see if your hormones could be out of whack, or you could also be pregnant, periods can happen why your pregnant. But see how your tests go. And if your not pregnant could be a good time to get on BC as the pill could straighten out your periods, and get you back on track. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your question sounds familiar, was this not on sexual health? Look, just google your question, or just carry on blow up your prostate, it could happen. Good Luck After sex and to the point of ejaculation, its for a reason, stop the reason, your just stopping nature, or the natural act of ejaculation, do any of this with any organ then it will sometime backfire on you. Just think of that.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi heres some good info from, http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-the-common-causes-of-clear-semen.htm Men who are very active sexually or who masturbate at very frequent intervals may also notice colorless or even thin, watery semen, particularly as the day wears on. In most cases this is simply a matter of basic biology. The body will do the best it can to provide supplies to meet environmental demands, but if there are more ejaculations than there is quality, rich semen, something thinner and clearer may be all thats available. In general, it takes about five hours for to body to rebuild sperm volume and semen nutrients after ejaculation. As such, men who discharge five or more times per day, or who do so in very close succession, may naturally notice clearer semen. So it could be the above, or, Over a longer period, however, uniformly clear semen could indicate a low sperm count, since sperm are one of the main things that contribute to semens somewhat cloudy appearance. Low sperm count is a clinical term used for men whose semen doesnt contain the usual number of sperm by volume. A normal count is usually between 20 to 150 million sperm cells per milliliter (7 grams) of sperm. Clear liquid often contains some , but often not much . A thin texture to the semen is also a potential indication of a low sperm count, particularly if it is ejaculated without its customarily coagulated consistency. This isnt usually a problem from a health standpoint, but it can make impregnating a woman more difficult. OK so far the? Men who are worried are usually advised to speak with a qualified medical care provider, often a urologist. Urologists have expertise in the male reproductive system and fertility. Experts will usually start by running a semen analysis to measure the population and vitality of the mans sperm. He or she may urge a man with a low sperm count to change to a less acidic diet and abstain from masturbation, particularly if a baby is being planned. Do hope this helps you and hubby. Good Luck PS if still worried get to an uro ASAP  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, After all you have done, I don't think so, it takes full intercourse and ejaculation to get pregnant. But playing around with sex can be very dangerous, male sperm goes bang twice once inside you, but the second time its not so much a bang but a whaling sound of a baby crying. Please think safe sex, think condoms or BC, but please keep away from depo shot, just google depo shot side effects your see why. But please safe sex. Good Luck  Hi Cant quite get the handle of what your saying but try this. You say aroused, are we talking the length of time you have an erection for, if your going longer than 4 hours then your into having a priapism, this is were the blood just stays there and not moving, the blood is going stale, not very good for you, in fact you should get to an ER ASAP and get the blood drained out. Or are you talking about aroused and having sex? then last as long as she needs you making love to her, but do ejaculate, then just wait twenty minutes you should then be ready to go again. The twenty minutes is called the refractory period, sometimes may take a bit longer to get your erection back. But end of the day if you have an erection, and not playing with it, you should not feel any pain, but no longer than 4 hours. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, With luck you should be on the right side of not getting pregnant, but some would say there's never a right side, as there is always that chance, so if this was within the 72 hour window, then yes do take Plan B to be on the safe side. But for your own good, you should get on some form of BC, either the pill, IUD, the implant, the cap or the ring, there's lots of options. Just remember safe sex is best. Good Luck  Hi Sounds very much like a UTI, get to your doctor and he/she will get you on some antibiotics, they will sort you out. Good Luck  Hi, This depends from man to man, some guys can get this talking dirty on the phone, others get just by talking to women, some guys get this running all day long, and some guys never get it, so if it takes time with you don't worry, see men are all different. Good luck  Hi Playing around with male sperm is a dangerous game even when cleaning yourself up, our male sperm will travel to were its warm and moist so it can live and do its job, remember it has one aim in life, to meet a female egg and get connected. So please be careful next time your and your b/f are playing around get him to point it away from you, or wear a condom. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi JJJ, your back with a small problem, sometimes its your brain getting in front of what your doing then you know what happens. So just go to www.pegym.com look under exercises for edging could page 2 or 3, and just follow what is says to do, it should help you, its an exercise for guys with PE (premature ejaculation) the pe in pegym stands for penis enlargement. This should help you, when you masturbate just use a very light grip, your grip just needs to be feather light touch, so its like a vagina, also use some baby oil, it will help. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS Why your on site do have a look round and do some reading on the forums, little things there could help you.  Hi Look try this, it wont be very good for your new partner, but try having a sexual break, you do no masturbating or any sexual contact for say 4 weeks, what this does it gives your body a break, gives it time to reboot. If after this 4 weeks you find things are not just so, do it again. You have not said but do you get nocturnal erections and morning woods, not getting these are a sign that your sexual side is down, and by doing these breaks you should find that they come back. Just see how you go. Good Luck  Hi Got this piece of info that may help you decide, its from the NHS on PCOS. Irregular periods or no periods at all difficulty getting pregnant (because of irregular ovulation or failure to ovulate) But your find that there could always be that chance of you getting pregnant. So end of the day it would be your choice, which way you want to go. But then you are on BC, or what some call birth control, so if your on that, why you asking this question? Good Luck  Hi Ok you have not said but just how long have you been on your blood pressure meds, if you read up, you will find that there is a link. So have a look at this, google natural ways out high blood pressure, if you can get that working perhaps you can give up your meds. If you give up the meds things may come together, but not to sure how long it will take for the meds to release there hold. But after saying all this was this a problem before you were on the meds? Hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi, Mia, just how many days between the last placebo and starting your new pack? Just answer through, answer this, above  Hi I think your find its BV, its come back again, two choices, back to the doctor for antibiotics or you can try the sea salt treatment, you do this by taken two warm sea salt baths a day till it goes, you can google bv and sea salt, for more info, if this works for you then it would be better than filling your body with antibiotics. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It would have been nice to know what ED drug he's using, is he by any chance taken other drugs? If so these could be his problem, some drugs do not mix well and give other side effects. If its nothing to do with other drug use, could be time he went to see a urologist, have some tests done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS Or you could go my way, as ED drugs gave me bad side effects, I'm on herbs and a hormone.  Hi Lucky him then, but will he ever do it again, bet the last time it was just a dribble then, my best was 5 times on my wedding night and twice the next morning. To be honest I would just give him a week off, and a scroll to say what he did once, should look good hanging on his office wall. Just enjoy what could his once in a lifetime effort. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like a UTI, it dose all you have. Just go see your doctor for some meds, these will soon put you right. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, No and sperm not ejaculated just goes into our system and get swallowed up, but if you masturbate twice a week, your just be a normal guy, and by doing this keeps your system ticking over, just how it should. But just remember when masturbating use a featherlight touch, and not a grip of steel. Do hope this help you. Good Luck  Hi, I would say no. unless it was magic sperm, consider yourself safe. But next time your fouling around, keep this at the back of you mind, Male sperm is a very dangerous stuff and not to be plated with. Just remember safe sex, condoms, BC the pill, best to be safe than sorry. Good Luck  Hi he's just dreaming of having sex with you, it can happen, but some how he's not going all the way and having wet dreams. What's behind it? who knows, you have not said if its a nightly thing or just the odd night. As long as he is still making love to you, that would be the important thing for you, yes, then I would not go looking for an answer to deeply. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi How long has this been going on? if its recently, he could just have a simple strain, and a break would not hurt him from sex that is, as well. Do you know if the get hot to the touch? The only other thing could be, perhaps he has a testicular torsion, for this he would need to see his doctor or uro. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think the answer your looking for is probable no? but for some women its yes. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above answer.  Hi Once it was swallowed its gone, and any left in her mouth, which I think there would have been may not have survived in her mouth, there not meant to be there. So I think your both safe. Just be safe get her on some kind of BC, takes all the worries away. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just a couple of things that may help with masturbating, when your masturbating or going think of your g/f if you have one, Naked, again with the best looking girl in your class, year or school, Naked, your find this will help. to fantasize and by doing this is will help with your masturbating to ejeulation. You can also add to this list pop stars, film stars, and anybody you really fancy to have sex with, these will get you there. If your still finding problems the is a very good, site to visit, its www.dodsonandross,com, just copy this into google, it will get you there. Your find this site very informative, on anything to do with sex, you can post to Dr Betty Dodson, don't worry about her being a women, she is a great and grand lady, she is a sex therapist. But on this one site, all the sex questions you were afraid to ask, well all the answers are there and more. One word of warning sometime you will find porn if you have not already, but never masturbate to porn, it will give you loads of problems later in life, it could shut down your sex life, and give you ED problems. And last never over masturbate, once a day is great, leave it at that. OK hope something here helps you to a future sex life, that your at the start of. Good Luck  Hi OK Never heard of condoms? if you masturbated before going to your g/f's and did not urinate then there would still be sperm in your urethra this would then mix with pre-cum, and bingo, your g/f is pregnant? But that's if the above is correct. If not she could still be pregnant, but you will have to wait to see if she miss's her next period, but between now and then just think safe sex, condoms for now, and if she is not pregnant she should think of some kind of BC, the pill, the ring, implant, the cap or IUD. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi It sounds like you have a slight strain, just think back top what you been doing over the last few days, moving or lifting weights, or moving anything from and odd angle will do it, sometimes just simple things as well, just give it week and see if the pain fads. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, So you urinated before sexual contact, then that was good as this will flush any sperm from your urethra, which was good, I think your chances of her being pregnant could if there was any sperm be very, very slight. But please remember our male sperm is a dangerous stuff anywhere near a vagina, if you and your g/f want to play games suggest she gets on the BC pill, this would make sure you both have no problems. Do hope this helps you both. Good Luck  Hi, Well yes as we do get older I don't think its so much quality perhaps more like quantity, but this can get boosted but some herbal remedies, these will kick it back up when you need it, and not forgetting there are lots of older men getting there younger wife's/g/f pregnant. So that must show the sperm is still working. As for sperm quality decreasing just see above, Sperm is being produced all the time, 24/7 its not a 9 to 5 thing, but if we keep ejaculating a couple of times a week either from masturbation or sex, this keeps the system ticking over nicely, but if you want you can do either once a day, but the amount of sperm we produce would be on the lower side, but still enough to get a women pregnant. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your find that the clear liquid is from squirting or ejaculating in the female form, it means that your hitting the rite note sexually, and having orgasms. As for bleeding, this could be that when your masturbating your to dry, suggest you get your self some sex oil for that bit of extra lubrication. Getting urine inside should not do any damage. But as your getting to know your body and have interests in masturbation and having orgasms, try this site, www.dodsonandross.com Dr Betty Dodson is a guru in both masturbation and how to orgasm, she takes life one orgasm at a time, she runs life class's on both, you can down load vids to learn any extra technics of how to on both, any other problems your getting you can post to Dr Betty. Do hope all this helps you for the future. Good Luck  Hi Things you need to look at are your life style, are you stressed, HBP, anxiety, depression, diabetic, heart problems, all of these could be playing apart in your problem, unless you have had this long term Here is the Mayo clinic link on it. The Link http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/delayed-ejaculation/basics/definition/con-20034981 You may have to gopy this into google to see it. Should give you a greater scope of an answer, to your problem. Do hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi ED, (erectile dysfunction) as they say is when a man can not get an erect penis for sex. So if your suffering from PE (premature ejaculation) to have been getting that then you must be getting an erection? Do you know if you get nocturnal erections or morning woods, if yes then you don't have ED. OK there is a very simple exercise called edging, just go to www.pegym.com under exercises your find all about edging and just how to do it, done right after 2 to 3 weeks you should be OK. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi There could be a very out side chance, but if she went and washed her self of then she may be OK. Just remember our male sperm is a very dangerous stuff anywhere around the vagina. Just remember safe sex is best sex, the pill, IUD, condoms there all there to use. And if you are really worried, there is plan B. Good Luck  Hi Having unprotected sex, will always be open to pregnancy. So from what your saying is he's had sex with washed then you done it again? Yes, did he by any chance urinate as well? if not then there would be a great chanc e your pregnant, see sperm stay in the urethra an this would be carried into you with any pre-cum. The only thing you can do, if this was within the last 72 hours is try Plan B. If not you will have to wait to see if you miss your next period, its the only time you can do a pregnancy test. But have you never heard of BC (birth control), that's what its there for to stop unwanted pregnancy's. There's the BC Pill, The BC Ring, The BC Implant, The BC Cap, The BC IUD, and a few more. But don't go for Depo Shot, just to many bad side effects. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Having sex without any kind of protection is just playing with dynamite, the easiest way to get pregnant is riding bareback, you can still find sperm in precum. Go do a pregnancy test, its the only way for you to go. Next time you do that think plan B, better still if your not pregnant go and get some condoms, or find a safe BC pill to get on. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Playing with your BC pills the way you are, then yes it is possible to get pregnant, its a very dangerous game to play with your body, the reason your on BC is not to get pregnant? yes OK do you have a mobile phone? if so just set up the alarm say for a time when your home each day, then its like your mum giving you a poke in the ribs to do something, but the something is to take that BC pill. Any help? Don't play with unprotected sex. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi did do some research for you and come up with this great link, its from a urologist, for you well worth reading, please read down for treatment, your find it can be cured, lots to read and understand. The Link, http://www.issm.info/news/review-reports/understanding-and-treating-retarded-ejaculation/ just copy into google to get to it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I would say 24 to 36 hours max, but its best from the tap? Well my wife likes it that way. Good Luck  Hi Joey, Yes its like it throbbing, per haps what your getting is pre-ejaculate its almost an opaque liquid, sperm will be thicker mostly white and thick in colour and texture, but colour can change slightly. Sometimes before you ejaculate you may get pre-cum which a clear liquid, but its very important when having sex, its seem's to be sticky, but its a lubricant for sex or helps anyway, some guys produce loads others next to nothing, so don't worry to much on that. So just keep at it once a day, your getting there. Good Luck  Hi So how long ago did you have it, they last between 3 to 5 years depending on which one you had? There effective about 99% of the time, so having unprotected sex with you guy ejaculating inside you would or should be OK But if you think you have symptoms of pregnancy, and still getting your periods, if you miss your next one then that would be the time to get a test done, either an HPT or do a test at your doctors. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes porn,its an addiction, and you are very lucky so far to have come away from it. For you its just a time thing let your body heal itself, it will do it, but you do need to help it, I know your saying your not having any kind of problems, but please just give your self sometime to adjust to life without porn, watch out for a relapse. Its something that could happen anytime. But as you are at the moment, your a role model for some others to follow. Good Luck  Hi See answer above.  Hi Two things that go together low libido and low testosterone, so get a blood test done for your T's would be a very good start, its away of finding out just were you are. From there you could start building you self back by going the herbal way, see I'm a fan of herbs they got me out of ED, what you have is ED. ED is not being able to maintain an erection for sex, if you cant do that then you have ED. I now get good erections anytime, morning woods, nocturnal erections. What I use is just my own mix of herbs, not a company mix, all very good and healthy. If your interested get back to me through answer this. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi You are your best drug, if you want to be king of your castle, drugs wont get you there, a very simple exercise called edging will do it for you. Just go to www.pegym.com on there you look under exercises, your find all you need to know there. Doing these will make you king of you castle, or lord of the manor. If not try the humble nettle, you get 3 heads and thrash all around you gland, once you get pass the first strike your away, do it for a minute, then just leave it along to come back to normal, do this 3 times a week for 2 weeks, see how it goes, if need be do more, this is if you have really bad PE. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Hematospermia is blood in your seaman is this what you have? Well its either something or nothing, reason well a lot of guys don't really look at our sperm that often, so if your really worried, and if you have been over masturbating (could be your problem) either just take a few days break from sex and masturbating, see what happens then, or off to your doctor or uro if you have one. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Volume would depend on how many times you having sex or masturbating, if your having sex to often then she will have a hard time getting pregnant, the sperm would be immature, your sperm needs to be strong and healthy. These two herbs that may increase your volume, there Muira Puama and Catuba these two in south America are used as a sex drink, just google both for more info. But one good thing would be to take a complete break from sex and masturbating for a couple of weeks, say the two to three weeks as your wife starts her period, starting from day one of her period, allow 7 days for her period, its then 14 days to the next egg drop,ok, you need to have sex on day 12, it takes our sperm 3 days to get to the egg, so things should happen then, all being well, now that's if your wife's periods are a normal 28 day cycle. I do hope this helps, in some way. Good Luck  Hi If it was plan B or something like that, then things should be OK. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Ok for one if her mucus is to acidic then this would not do your sperm any good and probably render it useless, which could be your problem of not getting pregnant. OK one thing she could try is doing a week of twice daily sea salt baths, with just a couple of handfuls of sea salt in each one but not two deep, she must let this water get inside her vagina, she can do PH check at home with PH paper. If she still has a problem its either a good doctor or a gyno. One other thing is she getting any discharge with this odour? If so perhaps she has BV (bacterial vaginosis), or reoccurring BV, the sea salt could help if boric acid, she can by capsules from a chemist for them, but she needs to ask for them. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS Get her to have a look at this site. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy into google to see it. She could find some other ideas.  Hi Yes you can, some women can get pregnant from anytime of the cycle and even before you period, as your now late you can either do a HPT or go see your doctor, and take it from there. If your looking for a way out, you could try the abortion pill. but its just a thought. After this, you should get on BC. Do hope this helps. good Luck  Hi You mean you lasted that long, my wife had sex when I got her home, you women just cant wait, if your breast feeding, sometimes this acts like BC for some women, but what happened to the good old condom? Well its toss a coin time, and just hope it lands the right way up for you. Good Luck  Hi By not ejaculating he's stopping the natural flow of his body, ask him this what's the reason for masturbation or sex? its to ejaculate. Ejaculation and orgasms help release endorphins and its these that will stop him having headaches, endorphins are so natural and the release of them round his and your body, is good for both of you. Do hope this helps you both. Good Luck  Hi Well if he's not strong and healthy the yes it will happen, look doing 9 times a day is ok for the weekend but not all week, our poor body's need time to build back up to it, and away we can go again and again, but any guy doing 9 times over two days would be doing very good. But stop trying for a record of some kind and get down to just enjoying your body's and sex, its no how many times but how you enjoyed each other. Remember for a women its how many times you orgasm with just one time, that's the thing that counts for a women, and bigger ones the better. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, No its a sign you have a cyst on your ovary. Get a hold of your self, so you had sex, he wore a condom, and he never ejaculated in it, so think back to your sex ED class's, I take it you had some? boy meets girl, they have unprotected sex, the male sperm travels up the vaginal cannel and meets the girls egg, and hay presto all being well she has a baby,. But you had protected sex, and he did not ejaculate, so the answer is, I don't think you are pregnant. Do hope this calms you down. Good Luck, have a nice mas  Hi, Two things come to mind, if your un-circumcised it could be to do with a tight foreskin and its cracking, this would cause the itching. Or it could be to do with your wife's vaginal mucus, it may have become acidic, she can get checked out on this but a simple test, its to do with the PH inside her vagina. Hope one of these helps. Good Luck  RESEARCH FROM ITALY SCIENTISTS: TOO MUCH INTERNET PORN MAY CAUSE IMPOTENCE (2011) It may not make you go blind, but Italian scientists have identified a worrying side-effect of watching too much pornography. Researchers said Thursday that young men who indulge in "excessive consumption" of Internet porn gradually become immune to explicit images, the ANSA news agency reported. Over time, this can lead to a loss of libido, impotence and a notion of sex that is totally divorced from real-life relations. "It starts with lower reactions to porn sites, then there is a general drop in libido and in the end it becomes impossible to get an erection," said Carlo Foresta, head of the Italian Society of Andrology and Sexual Medicine (SIAM). His team drew their conclusions from a survey of 28,000 Italian men which revealed that many became hooked on porn as early as 14, exhibiting symptoms of so-called "sexual anorexia" by the time they reached their mid-twenties. There was some good news, however, as the condition was not necessarily permanent. "With proper assistance recovery is possible within a few months," Foresta said. Hi I just thought I would show you this first, see what porn dose is it shuts down your sexual receptors, and bingo away goes your sex life. So your way out is this, the first thing you need to is shut down all your porn sites in your computer, clear out all your porn downloads, throw away any porn discs you have, get somebody in to install your parental lock for porn, in your computer, they keep the pass word. From now on its no masturbation or sex or any sexual contact with your g/f, the hard part is you will need your g/f's help so you will need to be open with her, she needs to know why she's not getting any sex or sexual advances from you, so its cards on the table time, or it wont work and you wont have a g/f. OK what your going to do is reboot your body, to start with its a complete 8 week break, and the need of this break your looking for these things, nocturnal erections, that's if you can remember what they and morning woods, if after 8 weeks your not getting these then its another 8 weeks are, till you do get these and its only when you get these that you are healed, that you can get back to having sex again. But before you do, take a couple of weeks doing some edging, its just a simple exercise to help hold back why you having sex. So for this exercise and also try some kegels, your find both on www.pegym.com look under exercises, your find them both on there. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS any questions, just come back through answer this, at the top.  Hi O the joys of a J Arthur, one of the wrist, spank the monkey, bash the bishop, yes these all mean to masturbate, with the pleasure of ones own penis. Its something we don't did to do, but if your feeling horny, and your wife, g/f are not around then being men we just did it, don't put it off don't try and hold back from it, its not dirty and don't be ashamed, but it will make you fell relaxed. Its something you can do in the shower, the bath, in the car(but not why your driving or why taken a walk in the country. As men do we need it, your read at some point that some men can go through there whole life, and say never done that! But doing it is good for our prostate, keeps our system ticking over till we do need it, so yes, in one way we do need to masturbate, why our body's need it, so for that just once or twice a week will not hurt you. But don't forget, don't use a tight grip, it needs to be feather light just like the feel of the vagina, and use some oil, just baby oil will do or some olive oil if your in the kitchen, shower gel when in the shower, gives that extra clean, same in the bath, or just a bar of soap, it all helps. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi F, Well it seems you have done the right thing by using condoms, the only way the fail is dryness, as long as you g/f is a lucky lady and stays wet you should be OK, and she's on the BC pill as well, double protestion then, so cant see why your so worried then. If she miss's her period, then is the time to worry, but if she does miss her period you the do HPT, and hope it does not turn blue. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well if he went back in the second time after ejaculating, then there would have been sperm in is urethra, and bingo you could now pregnant, if you have missed your period? then get a test done either an HPT or at your doctors. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This clear liquid is just pre-cum, its your g/f she is turning you on, lots of guys get this, its just a part of nature, that you will have to live with, some women get the same thing, so your not alone as a man. OK if you want to get your sex life back along with your morning woods, then you must kick this porn addiction, its closing down your sexual receptors, and taken away your own sex life. You can start right now, you must go 8 week without any kind of sexual contact, no masturbation, no kissing or cuddling, its your only way to go. If its working your know when by week 4 you should start getting good nocturnal erections along with morning woods back, if these start to happen, no touching, just let then die on there own, its all par for the course, then by week 8 things should hopefully be back to normal. If its not quite there yet do 4 more weeks. Now why your doing this you clear out your computer of porn sites, any down loads you have, and throw away any discs you have, get some body to come in and switch on your anti porn switch, they keep the password. This should help you back to a good sex life. Good Luck  Hi, Was this the first time or have you had this for sometime, have you seen sperm in your urine, if so you may be get retrograde ejectulations, this is were you sperm goes into your bladder. Cant think if there is an answer to your problem, but will come back to you.  Hi, Try this, it should help you as a very good answer. From the moment they were introduced in the early 1960s, birth control pills have been one of the most popular forms of contraception, taken by millions of women in the United States and worldwide. When taken correctly, birth control pills can be up to 99% effective in preventing pregnancy. However, women who are taking birth control pills do on rare occasions get pregnant. When this happens, it is most often because of something the women did (or, more likely, did not do), not because the pill itself somehow failed to work. Read more: http://www.justmommies.com/articles/pregnant-birth-control-pills.shtml#ixzz2os8fqccT You can get more info from the site So hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi, Have you thought of finding (natural ways out of sexual addiction) now this last bit in brackets you can google, you may find the help you need without drugs, If your penis is still leaking precum, this could be down to a weak, penis neck muscle, kegels could help this the tighten up, its just a very simple exercise, if you go to www,pegym.com and look under exercises, on here your find some info on how to do them. Do hope this works for you. Good Luck  Hi, There are several common causes of brown semen, most of them relatively benign. Most of the time, it's caused by blood in the semen, particularly older blood that's been in the testicular area for some time. This is often caused by trauma to the testicles, but can be due to other conditions, including infections. Certain dietary habits can also cause discolored semen. Rarely, brown semen is indicative of a more significant issue, like testicular cancer. If your still worried, get along to your doctor for a check up. Hope this has helped you. Good Luck  Hi For some women it has to be in the fertile days of the month, for others it can be anytime of the month, even having sex during there periods, and pre cum can have male eggs in it. When your having unprotected sex, its a mine field, lots of danger, please be careful, what ever your doing do it safe, either get on BC or use a condom. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do it get a test kit, men's sperm is dangerous stuff and should not be played with near a vagina, you must remember this is the place its looking for, and wants to get there, next time, if there is a next time, just make him wear a condom, our get yourself some BC protection. Good Luck  Hi Did a read up on my stuff, unless your not trying to father a child, you may find its best left alone. Or you could try doing kegels, its a very simple exercise that will strengthen your muscles up, pelvic floor and the neck of your penis, get this working and this may help your problem. For the exercise just google pegym, on there just look under exercises, your find them there. Good Luck  Hi OK very good confession, things from now on can only get better. But before all this starts do your self a big favour, clear away all porn sites from your computer, get rid of any downloads you have stored, throw away any porn discs you have, get a good friend you switch on the anti porn switch and keep the password. Your find this will help your confession to stick, from then on your sex life will get better, instead of masturbating to porn your be having sex with a real women. IF by any chance your getting problems with ejaculating with your g/f when having sex, it could be from gripping your penis to hard, lots of guys who watch porn do this, the vagina has a feather light touch, your way out of this would be to start masturbating with a feather light touch, use some baby oil to help you, and slowly it will get better. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See the above answer.  Hi Anything put here would not help, yes he has a problem, but he would be best seeing his doctor, and take it from there. Its about the best answer your get. Good Luck  Hi So you wont to know how to masturbate, well from what you have said in your other questions your getting erections yes? So get some baby oil, olive oil put some on your penis, just enough to give a nice slip, your hold around your penis needs to be featherlight. You never masturbate with a strong grip, that's why the featherlight touch, it needs to mimic the vagina for having sex as you get older, ok so far? Now with your erect penis slowly slip your hand in a light grip up and down your penis, with luck you should eleculate, if your not in the bath room use a hanky or tissues to catch your sperm. If you do why your showering use soap or shower gel, really keeps it clean. Job done. And don't forget penis health, always clean behind you foreskin, daily, and if you like just use a little baby oil on your penis, keeps it soft. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You pose lots of problems. Ok for a start smoking is not good for a sex life. Your drug taking history, this could also be blocking you ejaculation problems as well. The Prozac and Wellbutrin, both depression drugs, these two drugs are not good for a sex life, depression drugs are known sex killers, if you want to try there are natural ways to beat depression, just google natural ways out of depression, lots of ways to try, but don't cross them over. This last drug Suboxone, is for your opiate addiction, and another not good for your sex life. Somehow you need to straighten your life out, this way your back to a good sex life. All your drugs you can google, just add erectile dysfunction on the end, you get all the answers you need. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi There is a little exercise called edging, very good for you problem. for info on this just google prgym, look under exercises, this is not a quick fix, once you get this working you may just need to do it a couple of times a week to keep it working. Good Luck  Hi Well taken ECP or Plan B, should get you out of your problem. Look as men we love nothing better than riding bare back, ok its great, its how sex should be done, but as you have now found out the hard way, our sperm gives big problems that why condoms were made, and BC was the big success it is. So if this is the way you want to go ahead then get your g/f or some kind of birth control, the pill, the ring or the cap, but if she thinks of depo shot, do have a good read about the side effects first, just google depo shot side effects, lots to read. Do hope you have some help here. Good Luck  Read my other answer?  Hi Like my other answer its retrograde ejaculation, from your prostatitis. Something bthat may heklp you out of your problem is TUNA, sorry not the fish, just read through these links. http://www.johnshopkinshealthalerts.com/reports/prostate_disorders/140-1.html http://www.mayoclinic.org/tests-procedures/tuna/basics/definition/prc-20020196 http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/449477-overview Just copy each link one at a time into google to open and read. I do know somebody who ahs had it done, thinks its really great to have had done, back in the saddle again and 78. Hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi These below could be what you have. You may also experience pain when urinating if you have a sexually transmitted infection, such as genital herpes, gonorrhea, or chlamydia. Pain when passing urine, can also be thrush/yeast infection. Just get to an STD/GUM Clinic, get tested, they should be able to tell you just what your problem is. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi , Yes you can get pregnant from having unprotected sex and that's a fact, and for some unknown reason the odd women can get pregnant from having unprotected sex any time of the month. Its male sperm, it can live inside the womb for a few days, far longer than a female egg can. And that's it your pregnant. But on an outside chance, you will have to see if you get your next period, but even then still get a pregnancy test done. Do hope this helps you? Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi A lot would depend on this, you say he touched your hole with his penis, was this before oral sex or after, did you take him all the way to ejaculation with oral? if he touched your whole then there could have been some transfer of sperm, but it would be an outside chance of you getting pregnant. But then you have done the right thing by taken Plan B. so with this I think its best you wait till you have your period, if you do, give a big sigh. But then you get yourself on BC but not depo shot, just google depo shot side effects, to see why. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See the answer above.  Hi See the answer above.  Hi Your find that us men get this none and again, but if your getting all the time, could be to do with either the way your masturbating, you don't need a grip of steel, your grip should be featherlight, to represent that of a vagina. This could also be down to the position your masturbating in, standing sitting laying down, kneeling, legs open, legs closed, with a leg resting on a chair why standing, try all these and see how your get on. And use some lubrication, baby oil, synthetic sex oil, olive oil these will all help. Do hope this helps you. good Luck  Hi, Well it seems you have done all the right things, as long as you washed straight or soon after, it seems that you should not have any problems. Do we take you b/f washed his pubic area, before he had sex as well, was he shaved? Sounds like you have nothing to worry about then, bur if you still have underlying worries just go get a test at an STD/GUM Clinic. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK It could be your meds for HBP and stress is a sex killer, now for both of these, but you would need to consult with your doctor, for his/her help, But google natural ways out of hbp your find lots of ways you can do that, have a good read and with the help of your doctor cut down the drugs till your free of them, but you must stick to your way out of them. Now Stress just google natural ways out of stress, your find more ways to help there. OK your refractory period, its the time it takes to get an erection again, well you are now over 60, and as we age we do slow down, things that could help are kegels, and jelqing, the kegels are for the pelvic floor and this also helps pump blood into your penis, now the art of jelqing this will help get extra blood down your penis, and this will aid your erections. For both of these exercises just go to www.pegym.com and look under exercises, but also have a good look round the site all very interesting and how things can help your penis. But there are things the can help your erections, that are not drugs and some you may have in your kitchen now, most of these things will help your blood, if our blood is working properly then your get better erections Things like Cayenne Pepper, Garlic, Green Tea, Ginger and even Boric Acid OK supplement's like DHEA, (its a hormone) Tribulus, L-Arginine ( this is nitric acid and helps our erections) and L-Carntine. These are just some of the stuff I take for getting me over ED daily I can get some great nocturnal erections? they wake me up, and some really great morning woods. Have a look on www.franktalk.org your find me on there as NOWHARD you can PM me from there if you want more help. Do hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi First question would be just how much do you masturbate? And are you doing this to gay porn?  Hi Dear chap, You should find that missing just one pill is not as bad as you think, but she did double up, she should be ok, and so should you. Look if so worried about her getting pregnant, keep her on the pill as this does regulate her periods, and you wear condoms, its called being double safe, chuck in some spermicide your be on triple protection. Doohope this calms the nerves. Good Luck  Hi, Well it happens would be one answer, the other would depend on his build up to the ejecualtion at the time, and what you was doing to him at the time, there lots of things that will make his ejeculation stronger. One last thing is down to muscles, if he works his muscles by doing kegels, then these make ejeculations stronger. Kegels are and exercise all men should do, you can find how to do them on WWW,pegym.com just look under exercises. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Could be just a skipped period, but if you that worried then do a HPT or get a test at your doctors, this way you will know for sure. Its called piece of mind. Good Luck  Hi Why thing worst case scenario? Cancer? just get to your doctor or uro, and let them have a look, and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi, This side effect you getting, is either from the drug but find any thing that match's your problem, or you have a UTI. I think it would be best to see you doctor and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi Well if any sperm did get through to your womb that would take 3 days, it would only live for 7 to 10 days and your ovulation day would have been around 14 days later after the first day of your period, so yes they could have meet, but its a big outside chance, as there would have only have been very few sperms, and they would have had a long way to go. Have you thought its just a skipped period, if you have been stressing over this that could be a good reason, exercise a lot, been on a diet or taken any meds, these all good reason why its skipped. If you and your b/f are becoming so sexually active, why are you no on some kind of BC either the pill, the cap. the ring or IUD these arer just some, but please keep away from depo shot, to many side effects, and not forgetting the good old condom. Best to be safe than sorry. But you have missed you last period and sound worried, why not go get a test done either HPT or at your doctors. Do Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think your find that this down to his ejaculation muscle being weak, this he can overcome by doing kegels, its just a simple exercise, that he can google for, this is the same muscle that stops him urinating and the same muscle that pumps blood into his penis. Hope this helps him. Good Luck  Hi Its about time you went to your doctor, your in need of some help. Good Luck  Hi If you think its the supplements give them a break for 4 weeks, see if its goes away the ED that is, if it dose then you know where the problem lies. But if you want to improve your erection google DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE, its a post of mine but it works and should improve your erections. the milkyness you on about is just a form of pre-cum, a lot of nus get this, nothing to worry about, your find its something that comes and goes. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If I'm right you will have to wait 8 weeks for a test, but get in touch with you local STD/GUM Clinic, they will tell you, or you could go for a visit and let them have a look, it would he calm you down either way. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Its the called refractory period, but its a man to man thing and what hour of the day it is, and what day of the week it is, but add into this how sexy your being to him and if he really wants to go again. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Its the re-asserting his penis after ejaculating, this could be your problem, he would still have had sperm inside his urethra, it would not have been a full ejaculation, but sometimes it dose not take to much sperm to get pregnant. The only thing you can do is wait, see what happens when you get your next period or not I should have said, if you get no period, then do either an HPT or get to your doctor and have a test done there. Hope this helps you in some way. Good Luck  Hi, Your find that a lot of guys do ejaculate from just getting there prostates examined, the prostate can be use in the sex act, helps guys to ejaculate more by having it done. So your saying that you had a 10 minute massage that took you to the point of orgasm and ejaculation, so the main thing now is, do you think this has helped? was you happy that he did this for you? If you was not happy say after 5 minutes why did you not ask him to stop? surely the reason for 10 minutes, was your prostate is congested, and by doing for that long was to get past that congestion. That's what I can see. dose this help you? Good Luck  Hi If were talking ejeculation by sex, as much as you can do it, having sex is one of the best things you can do. If its vie masturbating, I would keep it to twice a week, as this will keep your system ticking over. keep it up, having sex will keep you young. Good Luck  Hi, OK its toss a coin time, some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month, and that's a fact. Ok sperm in pre-cum, this would depend on if he ejaculated some time before and had not urinated, which would have left sperm in the urethra, its the only way you could have got some of his sperm. So with that little bit of info, does it help. Do hope it helps you and your guy. Good L:uck  Hi This sounds like you are over masturbating, over masturbating leads to weak erections, also porn induced ED goes the same way, the only real way out of this is to take an 8 week break of no masturbating or sexual contact, this give your body a chance to reboot and heal, sometimes it may take a bit longer, if you start getting nocturnal erections and morning woods then your on your way back, but just keep of the masturbating, till you have done the 8 weeks. Good Luck  Hi, To get your power back and your ejaculating is hitting the ceiling again, you need to start doing some Kegels, for this exercise just google pegym, on the just look under exercises and you will find Kegels, you should find after a few weeks thins will be back to normal, then you can just do some each week. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you look up his drugs, try adding erectile dysfunction on the end, like you google drug name, side effect erectile dysfunction, and see what come s up, but antidepressant's do have a bad side effect of ED, mussel relaxers, again you should find can bring on ED. So see how you get on, ED is not a good thing, it can wreck marriages, but hope you can both work through it, but at least your getting some sex. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I found you this great link, its from start to finish or ejeculate , its very good so if I can understand it so should you, don't forget there is liquid in the cowper's gland, this is the liquid the sperm mix's with to form ejeculate, so even it you testes have not dropped yet you shpuld if your masturbating ejectulate that. So I take it you do know how to masturbate? OK The Link, http://education-portal.com/academy/lesson/sperms-journey-from-the-testes-to-urethral-orifice.html#lesson Just copy this into google. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, For I Have had a vasectomy way back in76 and my ejaculate is not clear. ok may not be as thick, then I am 67. I think that you should seek better help with his problem, this was from a big trauma, he now needs to find a top Urologist who can work for him, find out just what his now problem is. The work he had done from the accident, they could have either cut something or he has something caught up in stitching what did they do for his swollen testicle at the time? As you have not said just how long ago this was or his age, if this accident was not his fault and he has a claim against the other driver, just hope its not settled yet. Do hope there is some help here. Good Luck  Hi Here Is two links, they both tell about the same thin but its fun this way you get an overall picture. Now as for sperm in the mouth, its is a nice warm damp place but not a good place for sperm, its not like you can hold sperm in your mouth, it would soon be swallowed or spat out, so I think your safe from that. http://www.webmd.com/infertility-and-reproduction/guide/sperm-and-semen-faq http://www.justmommies.com/articles/how-long-do-sperm-live.shtml Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Heres some bits of info that I have put together for you, this starts with Hypogonadism Hypogonadism  a condition that affects the production of the male sex hormone, testosterone, causing abnormally low levels. An overactive thyroid gland (hyperthyroidism)  where too much thyroid hormone is produced. An underactive thyroid gland (hypothyroidism)  where not enough thyroid hormone is produced 125 mcg synthroid, so by taken this means that your thyroid is underactive, this drug boosts it back up just like if your thyroid was working as normal. As for seamen volume some guys produce around 10ccs or what some guys call the loving spoonful (ring any bells). There are a couple of herbs that may help increase your load, trwo well know are Muira Puama and Catuaba, these are from south America and there used as a sex drink, boosts sex libido and volume. They say Tongkat Ali also helps volume, but have a read up on this one, its the side effects. Hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK as sperm grows inside your testes it just keeps moving through and the old sperm just enters your body, its like an on going thing. But masturbating once a week does not hurt, this helps us men to keep things moving, as you seem to be worried about your sperm freshness, as does sex on a regular basis, say twice a week. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, First relax and don't think about it, some men like women can go through there whole life and never orgasm, when you do get one, just be thankful, otherwise, you will be putting all your thoughts on that and not your women, don't forget, when we make love/have sex, its a two way thing and not just you. Remember your there to enjoy her body and the romance not just for you to orgasm. Good Luck  Hi, One it would depend how long you have been on the shots, and yes he's right it does take sometime for it to clear your body, as for being pregnant after 4 weeks, you could be the odd one who is on the outside chance of getting pregnant so quick. In some women it can take up to 18 months to get pregnant, but one thing have had a period yet? I don't think its until you get your regular periods back that you could think of getting pregnant. But google getting pregnant after depo shot, your find some good info. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This you should find interesting, makes very good reading and should help you understand your problem. Delayed ejaculation (male orgasmic disorder) is classed as either: experiencing a significant delay before ejaculation is possible being unable to ejaculate at all even though the male wants to and his erection is normal There is no set definition to describe how long is too long, but a persistent (and unwanted) delay of ejaculation that lasts for 30 to 60 minutes may suggest delayed ejaculation. Alternatively, if you are unable to achieve ejaculation at least half the times you have sex, you may have delayed ejaculation. As with premature ejaculation, delayed ejaculation can be either acquired or lifelong. Lifelong delayed ejaculation is less common and affects an estimated one in 1,000 men. Delayed ejaculation can occur in all sexual situations, or just in certain situations  for example, you may be able to ejaculate normally when masturbating, but not during sex. When delayed ejaculation only happens in certain situations, there's usually a psychological cause. Now when it comes to masturbation, if your using a very tight grip, then your doing it wrong, the vagina is delicate a soft, so this is how you should be masturbating, you need to masturbate with a feather light touch, and use some baby oil. But as for leaving out foods, it would not help as you can read, but as we get older this can happen, and not knowing you age makes it harder to give a complete answer. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I found you this piece on WWW.dodsonandross.com under oral sex its by Bella Figue I also enjoy giving a good blowjob...nothing's better than watching your man shake with pleasure. It's fun to watch his legs twitch, his toes curl and then pop like a bottle of champagne...so feel free to lap it up!! I have a very strong gag reflex so here are two tricks I learned from the Dentist...both have been personally tested by me in the Dentist chair as well as the bedroom...so they both work. 1) a bit of salt on the sides of your tongue stifles the gag reflex so incorporate margarita's into your fun!! 2) Chinese acupressure points...wiggling the fingers on your left hand also calms the gag reflex...so hold the base of the penis with your right hand leaving your left hand free for the fingers to wiggle. oh and remember to breathe...sounds simple enough but your body is biologically programmed to panic if you can't breathe. like Chris says (I love this phrase!!)..."blowjobs can be strenuous" .Feel empowered to take breaks...a little edging and additional foreplay makes orgasms more intense. Finally remember to laugh, if you're not having fun. he's not having fun...laughing and joy are very sexy plus keep any self-conscious mistakes light and playful... so keep your eye on the prize as you gotta give some to get some... Do hope this helps your oral sex. Good Luck  Hi Joey, When this pumping happens, you will feel it, perhaps you not really into it yet, you do need to feel sexy and fantasizing about naked women at the same time, when you get all these things going, its only then it will happen. But don't worry to much over this, the more you worry, it wont happen, just stay relaxed, and enjoy what you doing, that's how it works. Perhaps you can find a girl who can help you? do you have one around. ask you mates who's the best at masturbating young men. OK Good Luck  Hi, Do you know if your boyfriend has ever found sperm in his urine, if so he could be having retrograde ejeculations, this is were his sperm gets ejeculated into his bladder. But if you want him to father a child, then that would be the time to seek help. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So what is it your looking for then, but that the idea of spermicidal condoms, they give you that bit extra protection. But if she has a 28 day cycle, then day 21 should be her ovulation day. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Seems you may have got away from having a penal fracture, but for now try icing it, by doing this it will bring in more blood this will help the healing. Just give your penis a break for a couple of weeks, no sexual contact and no masturbation, it will help in the long run. But one thing to keep at the back of your mind, as men we get just one penis, break it you wont get a new one. So please just take a break. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi First If you have not got over this problem yet, seeing as this was now 8 months ago. Does your wife know about your excess masturbating, one thing you should get off your chest with your wife, by telling her the facts. To start with for over masturbation you need to start an 8 week break from masturbating and any sexual contact with the wife, now depending just how bad you problem is, it may take another 4 to 8 weeks, by doing this you will be rebooting your body, and it starts self healing. If you watch porn? now is the time to get rid of it, clear your computer or sites, clear away any down loads, and last throw away any discs, Get the wife to install an child porn lock, she keeps the pass word. Now you will know when this starts working as you will get you nocturnal erections back along with your morning woods, when these start to happen, its working, but you need to wait still, just let things get better by doing the 8, 12 or 16 weeks, As for your PE, there is an exercise for this, its called edging, to find this just google pegym, look under exercises, and take it from there. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First if your getting a burning sensation as well when you urinate it could be a UTI, if your having that just get to your doctor for meds. As for porn stop now, if you want a good sex life this is not it, masturbating to porn is a big problem, as your finding out. I you want to get well, get things back as they should be, what this is doing its shutting down your sexual receptors, the next thing will be ED, get that you say good bye to your sex life. So what you can do is this you start an 8 week sabbatical from masturbating and as you say sexual contact and see how things go. You have not said whether you have morning or nocturnal erections, if not by doing this they should start coming back by week 8, if not then you carry on 4 weeks at a time, till things get back to normal, for you its the only way to go. Things for you to do, get rid of any porn sites on your computer, get rid of any down loads, throw away any porn discs you have, get somebody to install a porn lock on your computer, they keep the pass word. Do all this now then you should get a sex life, but you must want it? Do you want it. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Not knowing your age, it could be prostate, or just a nicked vein, but you should get to your doctor or urologist. Would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi, So if your a man? it happens, don't think of your self a failure as there are lots of men who have never had one, its takes time for this to happen. And so if your a women, do you mean squirting, and just like men there are lots of women who can go through there whole life and never have an orgasm. But if you feel your missing out on you orgasm, try looking on www.dodsonandross.com you may find an answer on there. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Joey, Well there you go, if this is your very first time as you say, just keep at, you will ejaculate, at 15 I was just starting work as we did in the UK, and had been masturbating for over 3 to 4 years. But you will feel it when it does come to ejaculation, your feel you need to pump, and it will. This is something us healthy men do most of our lives, its hard to say how it happens, but when you do, it will feel great, then at some time you will get orgasms, and that as they say is another story, but your know when you get one, your know all about it. See these things affect most men in different ways, just like you your find it very hard to say just what happened. I hope you find some sense here. Good Luck  Hi Did you cold turkey your Zoloft, or did come of it slowly, the effects your now getting could be from going cold turkey. You say its only been two weeks, so it may take a lot longer for things to get better, so you just need to give it time. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi this is from go ask alice.com The male body has a system that keeps it from being able to ejaculate and urinate at the same time. During sexual arousal, muscles at the base of the bladder contract in order to close off the passageway from the bladder into the urethra, the tube through which urine and semen leave the body. This makes it impossible for urine to be released during ejaculation. It is not likely that the fluid is urine, but it might be either pre-cum or ejaculate: Pre-cum or pre-ejaculatory fluid Shortly after a man gets an erection, a small amount of clear fluid is released from the tip of his penis. This fluid, called "pre-cum" or "pre-ejaculate," is produced in the Cowper's Glands. It is designed to clean out the urethra in order to prepare a pathway for the sperm before ejaculation (because urine is acidic and not a friendly environment for sperm to travel through). Pre-cum does not contain any sperm unless a man has not urinated since his last ejaculation. In this case, the pre-cum can push live sperm out of the urethra. Pre-cum can also contain agents that cause a sexually transmitted infection, including HIV, the virus that causes AIDS. Ejaculate or semen Semen comes in different consistencies, including thick and whitish, clear and watery, or a combination of the two. What may look like urine to you and your partner, therefore, may simply be his normal semen. The health mantra by which Alice abides is, "When in doubt, check it out." It's a good idea to have annual health exams, so your partner may wish to see this as a good excuse to go in for a check-up. Questions your partner needs to think about and be prepared to answer during his appointment are: Is this the way his semen has always looked, or has something changed? Has there been any change in how his semen has smelled or tasted? What makes him and/or you think it is urine? How frequently does this happen? Does it happen when he ejaculates by himself? So if this is what is happening to him, its about time he was checked out. Good Luck  Hi Its quite simple, Plan B will upset your g/f, cycle, so her period may be late. but after that she should still do a HPT, just to make sure. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK I take it you very young, yes well at an early age you do get that feeling, you just need to go with it, you will either ejeculate or urinate. But your find it very hard if you urinate, your need to stand on your head to hit the bowl. Good Luck  Hi I think your find that they are combatable to each other, but after sex have you tried putting a cushion under you behind, this may help the sperm to stay in the place you want it most. But keep your having sex to every third day, this way you should keep his sperm count up. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Try This its a bit old fashioned but as they say still in fashion. Its a sae sale wash either from a bowl with a couple of tea spoonful in it, or have a warm bath with a couple of handfuls and just soak it letting the water get round your vagina, od it twice a day for 3 or 4 days. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS Sea salt is soothing  Hi Found these answers on a forum, health boards.com, they should help you. Having a catheter in your penis actually doesn't prohibit the body from getting erections. You can still get an erection and for all intent and purpose you can still orgasm. The tube is generally made of silicon or rubber and is easily bent! Otherwise, you would have trouble putting it in! The end of the catheter would terminate in the bladder so that the bladder doesn't get full! If you were to orgasm, you would not clog the tube up as the holes in the catheter would be in the bladder, but you may have some discomfort as the semen, would just stop where the prostate gland and urethra meet just under the bladder neck. It would be reabsorbed though back over time into the body. So it would not get into the catheter. The only way semen would escape through the urethra would be if the tube were too small (thin) for the urethra! Hope this helps! Cheers Nurse_oz is a Registered Nurse who works in a Major Paediatric Hospital in Australia Answer Thanks Nurse Oz for the technical explanation and I can only think how uncomfortable and painful that would be to have the semen blocked so it couldn't be ejaculated and then have to wait for it to be reabsorbed! I still can't believe this guys doc didn't explain that to him. Answer Yes retrograde ejaculation is where the semen is forced back along the path it came. Over time it could certainly be harmful to your urethra and prostate. Unfortunately Lance, I am not overly surprised a GP didn't tell their patient about all effects of a catheter! Of course, we don't generally tell all our patients about masturbation if they have to have a catheter! Although most don't actually want to masturbate with one in!! Cheers Nurse_oz is a Registered Nurse who works in a Major Paediatric Hospital in Australia Hope this helps you and your problem Good Luck  Hi I think you really need to see your doctor or uro, this could all stem from one infection. Good Luck  I have a hernia that will be repaired in about 3 weeks and, personally, have not had an issue with this. However, my doctor has told me, and I have read, that sometimes the vas deferens can become strangulated by the intestine intruding into the scrotum. The "vas" is the tube that carries the sperm. If you are having trouble, and you think it may be related to your hernia, see your doctor immediately, as a strangulation of any kind can be very serious. Read some of the categories relating to strangulation.  Yes you can! My husband and I used the "pull out" Method and I got pregnant from the precum  Very doubtful you would get pregnant from this scenario.  I guess the previous responder may have missed the part where I requested a response only from an actual doctor, not from someone who just wanted to say "ha ha - look what i found on google, you moron". I want a first-hand response from someone who is personally knowledgeable on the topic, please.  get a girl friend...  NO, you can only get pregnant while your ovulating...  Just give him a bj that will contain the spill...  You can still get pregnant if you are menstruating, so making your period come sooner will not stop you from getting pregnant. Other than the morning after pill (which it sounds like it might be too late to take now), there isn't anything else you can do to avoid getting pregnant from that sexual encounter. In the future, avoid pregnancy by using an effective birth control method. Discuss options with your doctor or Planned Parenthood. There are a lot of options available.  Mirena is birthcontrol. Im pretty sure that the IUD is a type of birthcontrol one of the most effective types. some people get it to help with heavy periods but usually just birthcontrol.... so my answer would be most likely you are not pregnant i guess its possible but usually IUDs are good for five years.  Hello Friend, You don't have to worry about any thing, i assure you that you won't get pregnant, because you have your period, and finger does not cause pregnancy, even it has some premature ejaculatory.  There is no nutritional or health benefits from swallowing semen. This is just a rumor started by men. Do it if you want. While it will not make you live longer, have clearer skin, etc., it is harmless.  It is difficult to respond since you did not ask a question....I am not sure if you are bragging about your masturbation skills, going for some sort of world record, or worried that you are causing yourself harm by doing this. Since I don't know anything about you, not even your age, I will need to make some wild guesses, so forgive me if I am off base. I am guessing that you are a teen or in your early 20's? I am also guessing that you are not in a sexual relationship and may be a bit lonely. I am also guessing that you have few hobbies, and a lot of time on your hands (no pun intended, my friend). You are free to masturbate as much as you want, as long as you don't hurt yourself. Masturbation is perfectly normal, but if someone uses the word "chronic", I am assuming this it is not unusual for you to masturbate this frequently. Deep down inside, I suspect this is bothering you. Have you considered seeing a counselor or talking with your medical provider to see if you have any underlying sexual issues that need to be discussed?  As far as I know, medications used for erectile dysfunction do not really help premature ejaculation. This is an entirely different problem and there are no medications to fix it. If you have a short-fuse, so to speak, then the advice from one expert was, "Who said that you only have to have sex once?" The first one may be fast, but as soon as you get by a brief refractory period, the second time you have sex will last much longer. So, instead of worrying about premature ejaculation, just have sex more than once at a session. Of course, you will need a cooperative and understanding partner. Finding the underlying reason for your premature ejaculation is going to take some research on your part and a bit of soul-searching. Here is an article that I think you find helpful: http://men.webmd.com/tc/premature-ejaculation-topic-overview  You will need to see your urologist. You could be having . This is where the ejaculation goes into the bladder instead of out of the end of your penis. This could be due to the chronic prostatitis that blocked your urine flow.  Herpes is transmitted by direct contact with the skin or mucous membrane. It can be easily transmitted during sex, but not through the ejaculate.  Yes, unfortunately, there are viable sperm in the seminal secretions the occur before ejaculations, to the possibility of pregnancy exists. When a condom breaks, your girlfriend has the option of taking the "morning after" pill....or you will both need to sweat it out and see if she has her normal menstrual period.  A certain amount of sperm can be present and viable in some of the semen leakage that takes place during intercourse and foreplay. It is possible to get your girlfriend pregnant without ejaculating. Of course, you are only "90% sure that you didn't". I not clear how you came up with that statistic, but I would be a bit concerned about the 10% chance that you did. I don't know if you girlfriend is pregnant or not, but if you are both this sloppy about preventing pregnancy, it's only a matter of time before it will happen. Why in the world are you messing with Mother Nature? Women are designed to get pregnant and men or designed to get them pregnant. By not being careful, the inevitable will eventually happen. There are only a few days a month that a woman can conceive, but sperm can lay in waiting for up to week in the vagina, so if you left any of your little stragglers hanging around, they have the potential of getting her pregnant. She may not be mid-cycle when ovulation typically takes place, but why take the chance? Don't be fools. If you and your girlfriend to not want to be parents, but yet, want to have risky sex practices, then it would be in your mutual best interests to get some effective birth control, or at least use a condom EVERY TIME that you are having sex or engaged in this type of sexual play.  Yes, you can definitely give it to him. Ejaculation is irrelevant. You need to be treated. Your partner (the one who gave it to you and anyone else) needs to be treated. You need to use condoms and be careful in your sexual activity. Untreated, can cause all types of problems......  Yes.  You and your girlfriend are safe....for now. Sex play tends to progress to the point where it may become more risky in the future, so please be very, very careful. No sexual contact without a condom, my friend. Keep those sperm where you can keep track of them....  Why would it be unhealthy? This is where ejaculations are supposed to be....inside the vagina. If you have an issue or concern about this, you can discuss it with your husband and ask him to ejaculate outside of our vagina.  I am so sorry to hear about the loss of your first child.... If you and your wife are actively trying to get pregnant again, it is not the number of sexual encounters/ejaculations in 24 hours that is the issue, but rather your timing....it only takes one sperm and you may be producing hundreds of millions each time, and one egg at the time of your wife's ovulation Yes, men do have refractory periods after an ejaculation that can range in time from a half-hour to many hours, but again, this is not a marathon. Don't worry about the number of times that you and your wife have sex, but the quality of that specially-timed encounter.  The leakage of semen BEFORE ejaculation can definitely have viable sperm, so the possibility of pregnancy exists. Because you are not using condoms or any other type of contraception, you always will need to be concerned. A bit of pre-planning by using birth control and/or condoms would certainly help alleviate the worry and uncertainty.  You will need to have your penis examined by a medical professional, either your primary care medical provider or a urologist. This is not an ER visit, but you can go to an Urgent Care facility. Try not to worry. It may not be as serious as it seems, but you need to have it properly checked. You will need to inform your parents and/or show this open area to your father. In the meantime, until you can see a medical provider, keep the area as clean as possible and use some topical antibacterial ointment. I am unclear why you were having irritation a month before this incident, but bacterial or yeast infections in this area, like balanitis, are not uncommon.  This may be normal seminal fluid (from the prostate). A bowel movement can "milk" a small amount of this fluid from the prostate gland as it passes. Assuming you are not having any penile discharge associated with a sexually-transmitted infection, or have signs of prostatitis (prostate infection), this should not be an issue.  There are many different types of condoms, including non-latex ones. I think your boyfriend should use them, so find a brand that is compatible. Why? Condoms prevent STDs, not just pregnancy. If your boyfriend strays just one time, you will be at risk, and the same goes for you. You have a fight and break up; both of you may be vulnerable to a one-night stand. If or when you get back to together, either one of you could bring back an "unwanted gift" of an STD. Yes, you are probably well-covered for pregnancy, assuming you take your pills correctly, but having that extra margin of safety would seem to be worth it.  Birth control pills are not 100%, but they close. Using a condom will increase the effectiveness, for sure, but it is a bit too late to worry about that now. I suspect your girlfriend is not pregnant, which is probably good since her sexual partner (you) should have been more considerate and caring. You don't get pregnant, my friend, but your girlfriend can, so let this be a learning experience for you. Use condoms or postpone sexual activity until you are more responsible. Maybe you want to be a Dad, I don't know. Signed, Dad (not your Dad, but a Dad)  The possibility would be highly remote.....relax.  There is no "food remedy" for premature ejaculation.  Masturbation will not change the diameter or overall size of your penis. Frequent ejaculation will decrease your sperm volume and sperm count, but only temporarily. Masturbation is considered safe, but if you feel the need to masturbate 15 times per day, you need to find another hobby.  There is no "normal" time, my friend. Since I don't know if you are writing as a concerned man with a short fuse, or a disappointed partner, I will try and be blunt. I assume you are asking about "too quick", since very few people complain if the sexual act goes to long. Levels of excitation will vary, and a man is likely to climax quickly when he is a high state of arousal. So what? Just plan on going for a second round a bit later which will most likely take longer and may be more pleasurable to your partner. If you are a disappointed partner, then insist on prolonged foreplay to the point where your excitement level matches your partner, and then go for it. Again, second rounds tend to last longer, so just cuddle a bit until both of you are ready to go again. Don't judge the sexual act based on the clock, but rather the level of intimacy you have with your partner.  You make hundreds of MILLIONS of sperm, so it is very likely a few stragglers will still be viable in an seminal fluid.  No.  Ejaculating four times per week is not bad for your health. As a matter of fact, it can be good for your prostate. There are no health risks associated with ejaculations thorough sexual intercourse or masturbation.  No, she will not get pregnant this way, but you are both involved in some risky sexual activity that may eventually escalate to even-riskier acts. If you both have decided to engage in sexual activity, you need to be very, very careful. Think about contraception.....just in case.  Any time that you have sex......without a condom, whether there is an ejaculation or not....is risky for an unintentional pregnancy. Plan B needs to be taking within 72 hours of unprotected sex, so five days is too late now. You have made TWO major mistakes: Allowing your male partner to have vaginal sex without a condom...even for a "few minutes" and even it "didn't feel good". And, waiting too long to use Plan B effectively. You need to be on a more effective contraceptive, like the birth control pill, AND you need to be more assertive when insisting on condom use. Give a horny guy a choice between sex ONLY with a condom or no sex at all....guess which one he will choose? It is a waiting game now. Hopefully, these careless acts will not result in an unintentional pregnancy for you (your boyfriend does not risk pregnancy, obviously).  If it did, there would be a lot of short peopple especially teenagers. No, masturbation will not stunt your growth.  Pregnancy requires sperm....sperm inserted deep in the vagina so that it can take a short journey to fertilize an ovum (egg). So, you also have to be ovulating at the time. No ejaculation or sperm....no pregnancy. No egg...no pregnancy. Stop playing games like this. It is only a matter of time before there will be an ejaculation.....or vaginal sex....and then, you can really be worried. If you are at the point of dangerous sex games, it is time for you to either go on birth control (just in case), and insist that your partner use a condom (even during these sex games).  Your birth control pills are effective at this point, so condoms are not necessary for added contraception coverage, but they are important for protecting you from sexually-transmitted diseases. Yes, any seminal discharge can have viable sperm capable of causing a pregnancy, but your birth control pills should be an effective contraceptive at this point.  That would be highly-individualized. There are no set time limits or rules in this issue. Some men do not lose their erections after ejaculation, but most will encounter a refractory period that can last a few minutes or a few hours. As long as the man doesn't fall asleep after sex and he is still interested in a second round of sexual activity, the penis will usually comply.  You are apparently trying to get pregnant since you are not using any form of contraception. Assuming your partner is capable of fathering a child, it should only be a matter of time, assuming you are capable of getting pregnant. These things, of course, cannot be determined over the Internet. Take a pregnancy test, but be prepared to repeat it in a week or so. You can also see your gynecologist for an exam or more sensitive pregnancy blood test. Since you are also have an array of symptoms that may or may not be related to a pregnancy, an exam would be highly recommended.  If you would like to impregnate your wife, you may need to curtail your excessive masturbation for a few days so that your sperm count does increase and your prostate has enough time to replenish your semen volume. There are not other ways. I find it difficult to believe that you are having erectile dysfunction if you are masturbating "many times per day". Premature ejaculation will not keep you from achieving a pregnancy as long as you are able to hold out long enough to have sexual contact with your wife. Have you considered talking to a counselor about these issues? Perhaps, a psychologist -- one who has some experience with male sexual issues -- can really help you.  If you are passed out...totally unconscious...I think it would be highly unlikely that you would achieve an erection or ejaculate while in this "coma".  With what you have shared, it is not likely that you are pregnant, if that is your underlying concern. Since you did not articulate a specific question, I am assuming you are concerned about that "wind" feeling in your tummy. Unfortunantely, I do not have enough medical historical information or the ability to examine you in order to specifically address this issue, but it may be unrelated to your pregnancy worries. I would suggest that you see a medical provider so that you can be properly examined and diagnosed. I was interesting that you wrote that "he did not wear protection"? What about YOUR protection? Next time, no condom; no sex play. Period.  Unfortunately, there are no foods that will increase the volume of your semen. The volume will increase if you do not ejaculate for three to four days. The vast majority of the ejaculate is prostatic secretions (semen) and not sperm.  Don't blame college dining hall food. Since semen and urine share the same exit, you could have a bit of urine after ejaculation (assuming this is urine and not a different fluid). Without an examination of your guy-parts, including the prostate, I would not know if you are seeing prostatic fluid or not, so if this persists, you may need to see a urologist. While some student health practitioners have skill in this area, a urologist would likely offer you the best answer.  It may be your prostate, which could be enlarged. There could be other reasons, but this would be high on the list. At your age, it is good to have your prostate examined on a regular basis, either by your primary care provider or a urologist.  I answered your previous question. You are really concerned about these things, so I will address a few more of your concerns: The nutrients that you may lose ejaculating is negligible....only a few calories. You will not become nutrient deficient from masturbating, nor do you need to take any vitamin or mineral supplements. You do not lose testosterone when you masturbate. As a matter of fact, part of your urge to masturbate has a bit to do with your high testosterone level. Your testosterone level is safe. To sum up: You will not stunt your growth, grow hair on your palms, or end up in a mental institution from masturbation. Masturbation is safe....much safer than sex (and more convenient).  If you are concerned about pregnancy, this would be unlikely based on the information you have shared. As far as the post-coital bleeding is concerned, I really can't comment since I do not know anything about you or your medical history. It would not be possible for me to blindly guess at the reason, so please consult your medical provider if you are concerned or the bleeding persists.  Your fiance is not likely pregnant based on those negative tests, but those things can be very frightening. A late period can be due to stress. It is biologically possible (albeit, rare) to get pregnant if any rogue sperm somehow make it into the vagina at the time your partner is ovulating. Seminal fluid -- the clear fluid that will leak prior to ejaculation and during sexual stimulation -- can have viable sperm living in it from a prior ejaculation, so it is best not to have this type of genital to genital contact in the future, unless you are wearing a condom or if your fiance is not taking any form of birth control.  If your partner has HIV, then you should be worried. If you have no idea of your partner's HIV status, then you need to seriously re-evaluate your risky sexual practices. Condoms do protect from HIV if used properly. HIV is more likely to be transmitted anally, than orally. If you are having stranger sex, it would be best for you to be tested....and tested again on a regular basis.  It is possible to become pregnant without full-penetration sex. While it may be uncommon, ejaculation at the vaginal opening does put this woman at risk for pregnancy. If you do not want an unintentional pregnancy, you should NOT be doing this sort of risky activity. Keeping viable sperm as far away as possible from a vagina would be in your best interest. Use a condom or stop playing sexual Russian Roulette.  Probably nothing at all. The viscosity of semen can change for many reasons, so this is not medically relevant or important.  Yes, transmission is possible.  See a urologist. I would not trust a kidney diagnosis to a Chinese herbalist who looks at your feet. There are many diagnostic tests to check your kidneys, assuming a specialist sees any evidence of a kidney problem. Sickle cell trait should not cause your ED or ejaculation problems, and I have never heard of a kidney disorder that would be cause those issues. Again, see a specialist.  You cannot get pregnant from anal sex, nor can you become pregnant when you are not ovulating (not likely four days after your period). It is best that sperm be keep far away from your genitals area if you are trying to avoid pregnancy, so I would suggest the use of condoms from now on.  Sexual excitation leading to an ejaculation is controlled in the brain , not the penis. The fact that you can continue to have sexual activity after ejaculation is really good, so that first "fast one" is really not that problematic (other than changing condoms). Yes, there are some special techniques you can employ to postpone ejaculation if you have a cooperative partner. A little research on the Internet for "premature ejaculation techniques" would likely provide you will ample information. No, there are not special foods that will increase your sexual stimina, but if you eat a lot of garlic, your partner is unlikely to have sex with you at all!  Yes, you may be at risk. Having same sex anal intercourse without a condom puts you at risk if your partner has HIV. Unless you saw his negative test results and knew the test results of ALL of his past partners (and yours), then you only have his word. HIV can enter the body through micro-tears in the genital and anal area; ejaculation is not relevant. You will need to be tested, re-tested, and re-tested again.  Masturbation is a choice. It is definitely not necessary. Eating is necessary. Drinking is necessary. Paying taxes is necessary. Masturbation is optional.  Semen is comprised of many trace minerals and other elements, but you would never become deficient in any of those simply from ejaculation. We lose trace minerals when we urinate, defecate, or perspire and the body does a great job in replacing it from the foods that we eat.  No, not likely. Your choice of underwear may be important if you are trying to conceive (testicles make more sperm when they are cooler). Most of the ejaculate is from the prostate, not the testicles, and underwear will not effect this organ.  Not very likely, assuming his vasectomy was a success. I have a suggestion: why don't you keep "fooling around" and capture some of that ejaculated semen so it can be properly tested at the lab for viable sperm? This way, you will know for sure for any future sexual mishaps.  I think your boyfriend definitely needs to have his testicles and scrotum evaluated by a urologist. The lack of ejaculation is concerning. Asymmetrical testicles could be normal, but in light of his other symptoms, it would be good to know if he has a large spermatocele, varicocele, or even a hernia.  If the boy parts touch the girl parts, whether you ejaculate or not, there is always a small chance that pregnancy could occur. Sperm can be viable in the clear mucous that emits from your penis during sexual excitation. The chance is very remote, however, so I think you are good....this time. If your girlfriend is also having sex with someone else, that would be a different story. Having a little scare like this is good practice, If you continue with your risky sex-play, you are eventually going to have sex. Why not try and prevent it? Your partner should be on an effective method of birth control, and YOU should be wearing a condom. An erect penis is a loaded weapon, my worried friend.  Don't waste your money. There are no prescription or over-the-counder concoctions on the market that will increase the volume of the ejaculate.  Seminal emissions before ejaculation are not "more potent" but they can contain sperm so unprotected sex is a no-no, unless of course, your desire is to get pregnant.  Pregnancy is really about numbers: one of your wife's eggs available for fertilization (at the time of ovulation), and a few hundred million of your sperm waiting around for that egg to emerge. The odd are really in favor of fertilization in most cases. Having sex everyday is just fine. You don't really have to wait and store up a volume of semen (the bulk of an ejaculation is not sperm, but semen from the prostate gland). The more sperm that is ready and waiting, the better. The color or consistency is not something you should worry about. The semen really needs to be where you can't see it, if you know what I mean. Assuming everything is in order, the frequency that you have sex, the volume of your semen, will not be a major factor in achieving a successful pregnancy, but you do have to have sex, so get off of the computer and go for it.  There is a risk of contracting a sexually-transmitted disease through unprotected oral sex. Herpes, Chlamydia, gonorrhea, syphilis, HIV, hepatitis, and a few others are possible. Ejaculation is not required to acquire an STD...just a penis without a condom is all that it takes. I have no way of calculating your risk, but if your oral partner has been with a lot of guys, you sort of just had sex with all of them. I am glad that her teeth and lips were fine, but you need to do more than just a dental exam. You need to be more selective with your partners, and practice safer sex. That way, you will not have to worry. The bottom line: You may have been exposed to an STD. If you are having any signs or symptoms of any of these STDs (you need to do some homework), then you will need to see a medical provider so you can be properly examined and tested. Condoms are so much more inexpensive than medical visits, diagnostic tests, and sleepless nights filled with worry. They are inexpensive, readily available, and they fit in your wallet. Use 'em next time and from now on.  You can't. You can't do a urine analysis without peeing, or a blood analysis without blood.  No, the amount of the ejaculate is determined by the prostate gland.  You may be causing "retrograde ejaculation" -- a condition where semen enters the urinary bladder instead of coming out of the urethra. Is this safe? If this continued to happen, you may have difficulty if you decide to have children. I am a primary care clinician, not a urologist, so it may be wise to consult a medical professional at this level.  This can be a complicated issue, but yes, anxiety could be one of the major, underlying issues.....made worse over time. It would be in your best interest, as a couple, for him to see his medical provider first (to rule out any organic reasons), perhaps followed by some couple counseling. You may have to lovingly coerce him to do both.  No...but something is wrong with you and your boyfriends brain. If you do not want to have an unplanned pregnancy, you need to use an effective form of contraception. At the very least, your boyfriend should use a condom....100% of the time. Not all ejaculations end up with an immediate pregnancy, so you may have lucked out this time. Pulling out before ejaculation is not an effective brith control method. Playing the Pregnancy Lottery, however, will most likely end up with you being pregnant if you keep up your risky sexual practices.  Only sperm is needed to get you pregnant, but if you are on the Pill and consistently take it....AND use condoms every time, you are about as safe as you can be without being completely abstinent. If you are engaging in sexual play where your vagina is being exposed to semen (even before ejaculation), you have a very small risk of pregnancy, but remember that your birth control pills are very protective. Not 100%, but close.  Perhaps, but he will need to see a urologist or fertility specialist for a thorough medical evaluation to determine the status of his male reproductive organs, including his prostate and testicles. Failure to ejaculate may be caused by several things, and some may be related to his lack of optimum diabetes control. Getting his diabetes in control will be considered a first step in this evaluation process.  No. You can not get pregnant from anal sex (even if someone told you this is where attorneys come from). Old joke.... If you are taking birth control PILLS, you will not be ovulating.  Yes, any time that you have unprotected sex, there is a possibility of a pregnancy, Of course, there are only a few days per month that ovulation occurs and contraception is MOST likely. Just before your period is not one of them, but just in case.....you should do a few pregnancy tests in a few weeks if you have not had a normal period. Being only four days late is much too soon to worry about it.....  Rarely, but it has reportedly happened. It is best to try to avoid this in the future. There can be about 400 million or so of those sperm wigglers, so you don't want any swimming upstream. Even with sex play, it is best that your partner wear a condom to keep those tricky sperm well-contained. As an effective back-up, perhaps you should be on birth-control as well. You will worry less.  If you had a microscope, you would most likely find viable sperm happily swimming around in just about any fluid coming from the penis, including urine after an ejaculation. The fluid that you see at the beginning of sexual activity that you call "precum" is seminal fluid, and that, too, can have live sperm. After ejaculation, there is plenty of rogue sperm still viable in any post-coital drainage. As an effective birth-control measure, it is always best to keep the penis sheathed in a condom when it is near a vagina.  You may be having retrograde ejaculation, where the semen may be going into the bladder. I would be very important for you to see a urologist to make sure this is what is happening. Another possibility is that you are not making sufficient semen (from the prostate).  The chance of a pregnancy is not very high....this time, but you are engaging in some very risky sexual behavior that could lead to a pregnancy situation in the future. I suspect this will not be the last time that you engage in these activities. Clearly, keeping a penis and sperm as far away from a vagina is the preferable. Practice using condoms during your sex play; thus containing ALL of the semen, or better yet, have your partner get on an effective form of contraception. It is only a matter of time, before your mutual passion and sexual excitation will lead to intercourse. Then, your chances are VERY GOOD that an unintentional pregnancy will happen. You and your partner are engaging in risky sexual activities, so act like a mature person. Be proactive, use more common sense. Use birth control. And, be very, very careful.  Sorry, but there is a possibility that you are. It was recommended by our doctor, to get the "First Response" pregnancy test at a drug store or Walmart. First Response was about $20. or less. She advised us that this one is most accurate. My best advice for you as a mom is, to keep a calendar. Be diligent about keeping up with the start and stop days of your monthy cycle. Ejaculation, or not, semen carries sperm also. I suggest that you get on the computer and learn all that you can about sex. If there is someone who you can trust to educate you, do that for your own information and safety! STD's are a really big issue. Don't assume that a person is disease free because you see no "tell tale" signs. READ as much as you can! Good luck!  If you have any doubt of getting pregnant, you can use ipill within 36 hrs of having intercourse. Since that time has bared, Take pregnancy strip test for confirming about your pregnancy.  Young guys seem to be obsessed with themselves as far as how they perform sexually. Ejaculatory volume and force seems to be something that theyre very proud of, and as men get older theres changes going on within the prostate gland and the volume of actual fluid can decrease. And the intensity and experience can change. Now they still feel the same, the orgasm is unchanged, but there will be less volume and less force to it and that just is part of natural aging. It also has to do with stress, fatigue, frequency of ejaculation, intensity of ejaculation all of those factors play into what they experience.  Maybe he has retrograde ejaculation where the sperm go back into his bladder or maybe he is just not putting fluid into the urethra. We see this after some surgeries or with some medications, but it is not normal for a healthy guy without a reason. I think he should go see a urologist to be sure all is okay. This is important.  It is not likely (so no). I used to worry about things like that and I feel silly that i Had been worried. I'd say don't worry about it.  All those meds you are taking can have a direct affect on your problem. Man don't be embarrassed to talk to your doctor, that's what he's there for. He comes across these issues daily. I have 2 sons in their 40s who have to take testosterone shots every week because there levels are low, which affects their performance. That may be something you could talk to the doc about. Just tell him to check your levels, no big deal.  yeah, it's 100% sure. you can get pregnant. bcoz you had unprotected sex. if you don't want to keep it, you can take birth control pills. you can buy from chemist shop or online at PharmacySell dot com.  Yeah, you can get pregnant. bcoz you had unprotected sex. if you don't want to keep it, you can take birth control pills. you can buy from chemist shop or online at  Yeah, it's 100% sure. you can get pregnant. bcoz you had unprotected sex. if you don't want to keep it, you can take birth control pills. you can buy from chemist shop or online at  http://youtu.be/dsjtAvCpDO4  ...You need to train yourself to come more slowly. The way you can achieve that is to learn, through either her masturbating you or having intercourse with you, until you are close, then stopping completely, and then resuming when the urge to ejaculate has passed. This takes time and practice, but that's not so bad,right? In the meanwhile, you need to be certain your partner is sexually satisfied in some way, so I hope you are either masturbating her to orgasm or giving her oral sex to orgasm. I think if she feels sexually satisfied by you, she will continue to work with you on this issue. ...  frequently i have an issue with feeling the sensation to pee but no urine. i find that drinking lots of water usually fixes that  Who Cares?  You can get herpes when there are no sores present. Your body can shed the virus without you having any symptoms or ulcers. There can be areas where the condom is not covering an area where he might have had an ulcer.  Go to see an urologist. The yellow cum could be related to peeing before masturbation, but if you have problems peeing you can have an infection.  If there were no vaginal penetration or insertion of semen in your vagina it is not possible for you to get pregnant. However it is dangerous to do without protection due to ETS diseases.  Here is a that should help you discern myth from fact. The WebMD Answers Staff  There are different types of ejaculation disorders, including: Premature ejaculation -- This refers to ejaculation that occurs before or soon after penetration. Inhibited or retarded ejaculation -- This is when ejaculation is slow to occur. Retrograde ejaculation -- This occurs when, at orgasm, the ejaculate is forced back into the bladder rather than through the urethra and out the end of the penis. In some cases, premature and inhibited ejaculation are caused by a lack of attraction for a partner, past traumatic events, and psychological factors, including a strict religious background that causes the person to view sex as sinful. Premature ejaculation, the most common form of sexual dysfunction in men, often is due to nervousness over how well he will perform during sex. Certain drugs, including some antidepressants, may affect ejaculation, as can nerve damage to the spinal cord or back. Retrograde ejaculation is common in males with diabetes who suffer from diabetic neuropathy (nerve damage). This is due to problems with the nerves in the bladder and the bladder neck that allow the ejaculate to flow backward and into the bladder. In other men, retrograde ejaculation occurs after operations on the bladder neck or prostate, or after certain abdominal operations. In addition, certain medications, particularly those used to treat mood disorders, may cause problems with ejaculation. This generally does not require treatment unless it impairs fertility.  A form of male sexual dysfunction, retrograde ejaculation means the ejaculate fluid that normally leaves the penis during orgasm takes a wrong biological turn and ends up depositing in the bladder. There, it mixes with urine and eventually leaves the body as a waste product. The problem isn't harmful unless the couple is trying to conceive. Retrograde ejaculation can occur either partially or completely. In either instance, the cause is frequently linked to prior prostate or urethral surgery, diabetes, and the use of certain drugs, including medications for high blood pressure. Controlling blood sugar can help improve the problem, as can some epinephrine-like drugs. Sometimes, switching blood pressure medications also works.  Premature ejaculation is ejaculation that occurs rapidly and sooner than desired, usually before or soon after penetration.  Masturbation is not normal, its a sin, if your really in to chatolic religion and your serious about it then you want to stay away from masturbation as much as you can becuase the devil is slick and that can be your dow. Fall in having sex before being married so what i sugest to you is that you can start looking fowered to dating a guy that is fully comided to the word of god and maybe in the future god can revile your marrige with him and you could bond the body of christ between that realationship ok may god bless you all ways and stay in prayer, god will give you what you ask for ok :)  First off, I know this is embarrassing, and it's tough for many men to find resources for things as personal and intimate as ED. While I'm not certain about drug interactions--this should be a question for your family physician or health care professional--I do know that blood pressure meds and antidepressants can effect normal erectile function. This is an issue my spouse and I have come across, since he is on both. To be sure, you should talk to your doctor--or any physician you feel comfortable with, if speaking to your regular doctor is not something you're willing to do--about the drugs you're on and see what's potentially conflicting here. I also understand that it's very tough to approach sex when you've had occasions where you can't reach climax or maintain an erection. It makes you feel frustrated and maybe even insecure as a lover. As the partner of someone who has faced such difficulties, I sympathize, and I know you're not alone! I'm sure your wife would be a welcome support if you discussed your concerns with her, and if you reassure your wife that it is nothing to do with her level of attractiveness--presumably if you've been married thirty years, you're attracted to her and know her very well, both emotionally as well as intimately. While you're sorting out some of these other medical issues, you could engage in other sexual activity that is pleasurable for both of you that doesn't involve penile penetration, such as hand-to-genital contact, oral sex, massage, or simply cuddling. This would probably go a long way in both satisfying your wife's sexual needs as well as letting her know that she is both desirable and secure in your relationship. For me, it helped a lot to try to make my partner feel relaxed as well as sexually desired. The more pressure we put on him to maintain an erection or to achieve orgasm, the more difficult our sexual encounters became, and the more distance it put between us.  The next morning i noticed that my foreskin was very swollen over my penis head (uncircumcised) and that it was quite itchy. I started researching what it could be. I think i cause might be that because i couldnt clean my penis properly cuz of my cut and because of masturbating last night i developed and infection. I went to walgreens and bought Lotrimin Ultra and rubbed it around the swollen areas. Also there when i would pull the swollen foreskin back there was always a clear ish liquid on it... maybe water idk. Please help me, im very worried and i need to know if what i am doing is right and what i should be doing  I always find it helpful to use a shower cap, or a pair of rubber pants with some baby oil, and gently rub my penis, the rest comes naturally.  You might want to try a lubricant and make sure you are wearing a condom!  thanks for the response! we try to be very careful, this is the only mishap we've had in 2 yrs and will certainly be the last. it was the 7th pill in her pack that she missed and we had sex 5 days later but like I said she took two the next day and I wasn't aware that u might need to use backup, she's never missed a pill before so that's why she took plan b around 24-26 hrs later on account of I ejaculated in her a little, aside from the scare of having a kid I also hope by taking EC it doesn't mess her up to bad.  Some women get pregnant right after going off the pill and it may take others a longer time. If you are trying to get pregnant quickly, your best bet is to first find out if you are ovulating. You can buy an ovulation test kit at the store or try a basal body temperature thermometer to help figure it out. The thermometer is cheaper but not as accurate. Generally, it's best to have sex a day or two before you ovulate. You can also try counting in your cycle....most women ovulate between days 10 and 14. may give you some additional ideas. Good luck!  Could be due to desensitization, if he masturbates often with a strong grip.  its still possible for you to become pregnant but since he didnt ejaculate its very unlikely still have a chance though  If you took the EC pill the next day you are 90% probably fine. Talking from experience, I have been on birth control for 5 years. However, for next time be careful because it isn't recommended to use EC as a regular form of birth control. Being that she doubled on the pill I believe it is highly recommended to use condoms for the whole month. However, like I said you shouldn't worry since you took the EC the following day. *Note the longer you wait to take EC the less effect it had on you  YES, ABSOLUTELY. If she is worried of possibly being pregnant then its always a possibility IF she has been active in sex. I would think the next best question to ask is...Could she be pregnant with MY baby, in which case i would highly doubt the possibility. You MUST ejaculate. She MUST be exposed to some way of having sperm get into her. Otherwise either she is really young and fear filled from ignorance and myths, she is a manipulator trying to make you feel guilty or she thinks she really is and has had sex with someone else and is still a manipulator trying to make you think its yours.. you dont give her age or experiance or other times of sexual encounter.  Yes!!!  No, its hard enough to get a women pregnent when you ejaculate into her vagina, there's no way your sperm would soak thru what you were wearing and her thong, then travel all the way up to her egg  Have your Doctor check out all your medications to make sure that one or a combination of medications is causing the problem with your erection.  It is called retro grade ejaculation.It can be caused by the arteries getting smaller from smoking ,diabetes ,high blood pressure and problems with your prostate .It is usually not harmful ,but you should see a urologist to have a check up  Retrograde Ejaculation I can not feel the ejaculation when it happens. Is this also a problem with retrograde ejaculation?  It has lately become a nightly thing, from the minute he falls asleep through most of the night, he said he has no dreams and the othernight i woke him and was asking him if he can feel the shaking, he was half awake and telling me off for waking him and it was still happening, i said, cant you feel that and he said he isnt shaking and basically to piss off, when approaching him about this right from the start he was defensive which made me think maybe it was a strange sexual thing (which i tell ya if you were laying in bed with this happening for the first time, you would bet your life the person wasmasturbating) and its become a very heated arguement now, not because it is happening, i dont care what is happening i just want a. answers and b. sleep, and if he was masturbating i would at least understand whats happening and more than likely join in, but he has always been a man who likes his sleep, and if he was up doing that all night he couldnt function the next day. He does some pretty gnarley shift work and has a terrible sleep pattern, and when he gets some time off he likes to knock back a few with his mates so he never really catches up on any sleep, have been researching things like rapid eye movement and sleep behaviours but none of the descriptions i can find on the net match perfectly! (if anyone can help please do!) Id like to take him to the doctor but id not dare suggest it right now! He slept on the lounge last night (still doing it) and left very angry for work, we always say dont leave each other mad just incase, but today he left as he said some horrible things to me! i dont understand, if i was doing this during the night i would want to know why, and id expect him to tell me.but he basically called me a liar! p.s. And no, he hasnt made love to me for a while, he suggested a quickie the otherday but i get knocked back by him so often that i didnt feel like a wham bam thankyou mam, i want my lover back!  Your not running a risk with AIDS from bjs but I would recommend getting to know the guys history a little because herpes are for life. There are edible condoms if you are skeptical of these issues as well ;) have fun and be safe  I'm a female but why would you have unprotected sex with anyone. Are You crazy or what. do you not see what sexually transmitted diseases can do to you for the rest of your life. Grow up or stop having sex with a partner...  Absolutely! The man releases a little bit of pre-ejaculate during sex and it is entirely possible to become pregnant at any point in your cycle. You can always go get an over the counter pregnancy test to find out for sure.  It is the same concept. Blood rushes to the clitoris which makes it enlarge. The clitoris is also known as a "mini penis."  Yes. Any antibiotic can reduce the effectiveness of your birth control. You should use other methods of birth control for at least one week after you completed the Bactrim. When taking birth control and an antibiotic breakthrough bleeding is possible. Probably the reason behind your worry!  First and sorry about this but anything is possible. Is it likely that you were knocked up by "fingering?" I highly doubt it. However, when it comes to sex it is always better to be safe rather than sorry. Use birth control and condoms. Not only will it give you the best chance to prevent unwanted pregnancy but it will also protect you against STD's. Don't rely on good faith of other people or if a man tells you he's going to put a condom on and don't ever fall for the "pull-out" method. Put the condom on for him. Make it playful and put it on with your mouth. This way you protect yourself without getting into an akward conversation when your about to do the nasty. And if you are super concerned still, use a vagianl spermicide. There is no reason that one can't use more than one birth control method. As for when is the earliest you can take a pregnancy test, well I've read up to 5-7 days before your next period. Personaly, I don't see how the hormone levels would be strong enough to detect, but hell it's worth the try and you can get it over the counter. Try it but my suggestion would be to follow it up with a pregnancy test if you miss your next period. Good luck!  The burning and irritation at the time of ejaculation could have to do with the alkalinity of the semen, against-what used to be a very acidic, hostile environment. If you are positive that the discharge is indeed coming for the vagina, it could also have to do with this burning, as it could be what is left after the vag walls are possibly affected by the semen.  Keep this ahead, you may go to mubuy to resolve.  your problem is psychological whenever you involved fully into it with your fantasy which you like most it will help you to get a strong erection and orgasm too  check your cholesterol and sugar level. these are the main cause for erectile dysfunction  be sure that the menses blood is stopped fully, after that there is no chance of pregnancy in just couple of day. if there is some bleeding than it is possible that egg is present in last flow can create some tension  pls assure you have not any bleeding mouth ulcer other wise there is a chance of catching HIV  It is called Retractile Testicles. Retractile testicles are very common and it merely means that although your testicles hang normally in your scrotum most of the time, they are pulled up by certain muscles into the groin area in certain circumstances. Testicles normally, and naturally, retract during sex, especially prior to ejaculation.  If it was your first time, it is possible that you have anitcipated the event for so long that you were over excited, this is normal for young men, keep practicing.  Your Anus is definitely not connected to your Vagina. Two seperate openings, two seperate functions. Simply put, no.  um...thats called cum.... hahaha stop being a virgin..  #  HI YOU REPLYED TO MY QUESTION IVE always master bated tog ay porn and never had any problem straight porn actually turns me off but if im onist as a kid I use to master bate 7 9 times and as I started getting to 15 of curse ive decreased in the amount I master bate and its really not like me because now im doing it arther 1 a day or that's it or non and this is since my well ex now ever since ive noticed problems what I mentioned you know struggle ing to stay hard when I master bate m hard to cum today I had inter curse with my new partner and everything was working more than grate I got home and master bated because I dident cum with my partner and I stru gled to cum but when I did I also noticed recently a difference with my cum it use to be thicker white m you know normal and recently its well as I said I master bated and when I cumed it was runny like it had been there like 5 min its when it was ent the white bits were different aswell not yellow slightly white ...... I don't know I mean I know its not nervs because when I did stuff with my new partner I had no problem for a change .... ;/ im not shure what to do im thinking a bout going to get tested at a sex clinic but I don't really want to inless I have to if I new some kinda information I wouldent have to go there and ask the question im asking here ;/  The only way to know is to get tested. If the sex worker was HIV positive then yes there is a chance since the condom slipped off and fluids were exchanged. Don't wait get tested right away!  You are experiencing dry orgasms. It is typically not a cause of concern but it may prevent you from impregnating a female partner. Dry orgasms can occur due to multiple orgasms within a short period of time or they can occur due to more serious illnesses such as bladder cancer or diabetes. You may want to visit a urologist if this continues.  If you had your period - you have no reason to worry. Plus it's unlikely that you were ovulating at that time (a week before your period is well after when you'd typically ovulate). It's very unlikely that you pregnant.  can you get c diff from having oral sex with your partner who has decayed teeth?  Your chance of being pregnant 3 days before period is due is low. The only factor that may affect this chance is your period is irregular, so your true time of ovulation may not be when you expect it to be. Your highest chance of becoming pregnant is 14days prior to period, but nothing is 100% except abstinence and using a latex properly fitting condom. These not only reduce your chance of pregnancy but diseases and you having to raise a baby before your ready. I know the reaction to condoms usually goes like this...your bf hates those things and you are in love, am I right?? Think of this is...is love and your bf's comfort worth your life and or future? I am not lecturing but hopefully giving you something to think about before the next time you have to post a question like this. Take Care of yourself  masturbation, and ejaculation are normal things that males do i truly dont think that could the cause of cancer, even excessively done i done believe it would do anything out of normal . if you think you or someone you know may have prostate cancer go and speak with a doctor right away, the sooner you get it addressed the better chances you have pf fighting it , hope this helps  yes for sure late peroid is the number one sign of being prego, and 2 throughtout all times you will have some kind of mucus , when you ovulate your mucus become clear and sticky like egg whites after that it thickens to stop the sprem form entering you, basically a block but , you may experance muces just the same when you are prego, a kind of white creamy mucus , also for the pull out method its not at all the same as a pill or patch theres always the chance of precum which as much as he may try to pull out one release of a man can carry millions of little sperm, in such a tiny amount precum there a very good chance it could have done the job. and precum is something he most likely wont feel nor pull out for and theres more than enough lil ppl in there to get you prego, i would buy a hpt , and see what it tells you if it gives you a negative , remember it does depend on how long you have been prego hcg which is what they test for , takes a good two weeks to show , but for you by now i would think it would tell you , if this doesnt go away i would talk to ur gyn , hope this helps :)  If you want to know how long you can ejaculate and the best ways to increase ejaculate, then i must suggest you visiting  . A person gets HIV when an infected person's body fluids (blood, semen, fluids from the vagina or breast milk) enter his or her bloodstream. The virus can enter the blood through linings in the mouth, anus, or sex organs (the penis and vagina), or through broken skin.......In other words, ALWAYS use a condom!  What exactly is premature ejaculation? Well, it depends on who you ask. But the common consensus is that if you regularly come to a climax too early during sex without fulfilling your partner, you may be one of many men who are suffering from premature ejaculation (PE). As many as one in three men are believed to be afflicted with this sexual dysfunction. Actual figures may actually be higher as this is an embarrassing ailment that not many guys are willing to openly discuss. What are the symptoms of premature ejaculation? Premature ejaculation can be categorized by lifelong (primary) or acquired (secondary). The former can be characterized by early ejaculation within one minute following intercourse. This is often accompanied by a severe lack of confidence in bed and in worst cases, an avoidance of sex altogether. On the other hand, secondary PE is often marked by persistent ejaculation before both you and your partner wish that it happens. Guys who are experiencing secondary PE usually have enjoyed fulfilling sexual relationships in the past. Are you at risk? There are some men who are at higher risks of developing premature ejaculation. These include guys who are suffering from some form of erectile dysfunction. Men who have problems with erection often subconsciously hurry through sexual intercourse for fear of losing their erections. One of the biggest contributors to early ejaculation is stress or emotional strain. So men who are often emotionally stressed out are at a higher risk of ejaculating early during sex. This is nature's way of releasing tension that has been pent up. Do you need to seek medical attention? If your lack of sexual endurance is causing great distress to you and your partner, it is recommended that you seek medical assistance. The doctor would be able to advice on the appropriate treatment to help you cope with the problem. In some cases, the doctor will even suggest that you are not even experiencing early ejaculation, especially if it occurs only occasionally. Likewise, if you can satisfy your partner even if you do not last more than 2 to 4 minutes during intercourse, there is no real cause for concern. Coping with premature ejaculation There are many forms of treatments, and what you choose to use will depend on the severity of your condition. These options include natural sexual therapy and conditioning, such as the squeeze technique to re-wire your ejaculatory triggers; medications that include the use of anti-depressants or topical anesthetic creams or sprays. The bottom line is, premature ejaculation is very common and is a treatable condition. By understanding why you are ejaculating prematurely, you can use the appropriate solutions to permanently end your ejaculation problems and achieve the coveted ability to enjoy long-lasting sex! About the author: Rahul parab is the creator of http://ejaculationdelay.blogspot.com , a complete, step-by-step blueprint to help men permanently end premature ejaculation and last longer in bed. Learn how you can develop superior sexual endurance and enjoy transformative sex by visiting: http://tinyurl.com/kadg8sh  I have problems coming to a climax/ejaculation during partner sex (same) and or masturbating. Wife wants me to masturbate since I'm having problems during intercourse to ejaculate, to clean the pipes sorta speak. Bottom line, have problem ejaculting. What can I do Thank you  Yes, there is a greater chance since she is freshly cleaned from menstrating  fag  If it is it will have a chemical/pizza dough like taste, I showed up negative in my own personal test.  I worked as an LPN in Women's Health for 20 years. Mirena is a wonderfully effective BC method you should have very few worries regarding pregnancy. It does not however offer any protection from STDs your provider will have made you aware of these risks along with making sure you know how to properly check for the strings of your Mirena manually, check every month following your cycle as long as you can feel the strings ( they feel similar to fishing line) and you are confident in your partners sexual good health. You shouldn't be worried about contraception for up to 5 years from the date of insertion so enjoy hope my answer was helpful.  masturbation is normal  I was asking IF I did have an addiction. After I actually tried to stop it completely I succeeded immediately, no difficulty, no craving, no relapse,there is no temptation. Did I actually have an addiction or just a habit?  HPV is transmitted through UNPROTECTED sex.  Hi! I am 33 years old. I tried DuraMale after I suffered from premature ejaculation for many months. I saw the money refund policy so I decided to buy 3 bottles on http://www.buy-duramale.com since there were no risks. I was very happy about the results even after 6 weeks, but I followed the treatment very strict. This was my secret I guess. I recommend DuraMale to everyone who suffer from early orgasm. DuraMale pills can be purchased only online from website through credit card, debit card or PayPal. For complete details and best price of DuraMale, visit http://www.buy-duramale.com  Hi! I am 33 years old. I tried DuraMale after I suffered from premature ejaculation for many months. I saw the money refund policy so I decided to buy 3 bottles on http://www.buy-duramale.com since there were no risks. I was very happy about the results even after 6 weeks, but I followed the treatment very strict. This was my secret I guess. I recommend DuraMale to everyone who suffer from early orgasm. DuraMale pills can be purchased only online from website through credit card, debit card or PayPal. For complete details and best price of DuraMale, visit http://www.buy-duramale.com  Hi! I am 31 years old. Premature ejaculation is more common than you think. up to 40% of all males experience this in their life-time. I personally overcame my issues with premature ejaculation by following these very helpful tips. If interested, please click here: http://www.buy-duramale.com I hope it helps you as well as it did for me.  Hi! I am 31 years old. Premature ejaculation is more common than you think. up to 40% of all males experience this in their life-time. I personally overcame my issues with premature ejaculation by following these very helpful tips. If interested, please click here: http://www.buy-duramale.com I hope it helps you as well as it did for me.  I have been in the same boat as you, and I guess for some guys they really do not know. Maybe over stimulation or too much foreplay, or just taking everything slow. Also ASK your friend but I have found in past times that the slowing down does help.  Premature ejaculation (PE) is the most common sexual dysfunction for men. PE affects 25% to 40% of men in the United States. Because there is great variability in both how long it takes men to ejaculate and how long both partners want sex to last, researchers have begun to form a quantitative definition of premature ejaculation. Sometimes the problem is a shortened period before ejaculation because of the need for prolonged stimulation to achieve an erection. Premature ejaculation is more common in younger men and often resolves with increasing experience. Anxiety often plays a role. Psychological and drug therapy with sertraline can be effective, but reported success rates are conflicting, which suggests that the benefits are not maintained. Retarded or absent ejaculation often is caused by medications, most commonly antidepressant and antipsychotic drugs. http://www.pharmacyonline.pillathand.com  What is ejaculation? Ejaculation is the release of semen from the penis following sexual climax. When a man is sexually stimulated, the brain sends signals to the genital area through nerves in the spinal cord to contract the pelvic muscles. At the start of this process, waves of muscle contractions transport the sperm, with a small amount of fluid, from the testes through to the vas deferens. The seminal vesicles and prostate contribute extra fluid to protect the sperm. This mixture of fluid and sperm travels along the urethra to the tip of the penis where it is released (ejaculated) at the time of sexual climax (orgasm). doctormens.com  No matter how much you take care of yourself, eat healthy and exercise regularly, there are still some health problems that may occur without you being able to stop the onset. Erectile dysfunction is one of such conditions. It will affect your sexual ability and prevent you from achieving erections of satisfactory hardness to start and complete sexual intercourse. Of course, erectile dysfunction is more likely to occur at older age, but the sad truth is that it's not directly related to the patient's age. If you have this kind of problem and would like to make sure it's resolved in no time, you may consider taking Viagra. Many people buy Viagra online these days after they realize this may be the only affordable solution to their problem. Indeed when you compare Viagra price to the price of a special surgery with a device implanted into your penis, the choice becomes very clear. Anything that involves any kind of surgical invasion is best to be avoided if other options are available, and Viagra is one of those options. This drug was designed for the needs of men with erectile dysfunction and you can buy such drugs online. genericedmedications.com  The only definite birth control is abstinence. Regardless of the kind you use, be it pills, Depo, IUD, etc, there is always a chance of getting pregnant, however small it may be. I have two friends that got pregnant on birth control. The only way to be completely sure if you are pregnant or not is to take a pregnancy test.  I had this happen to me in 1995, when I was prescribed the psychiatric medication Risperdal for my mental illness schizophrenia. A lab test revealed that my prolactin level was high, which in women, increases after giving birth to a baby, causing increased breast milk production and inhibited ovulation. In men, it suppresses semen production. In some "primitive" cultures, raising a woman's prolactin level is used as a kind of birth control by intentionally suckling a woman's breast, although it is not as reliable as current, pharmacological/hormone-based methods.  you can not have any probems form that kind of contact so you have nothing to worry about  yes becuse even though he did not cum inside of you its still a chance that pre-cum can get unto your canals and there still is a risk of you getting preagnant if i were you i would wait and then take a test or see a doctor that is the best way to determine anything dont ever diagnose yourself hoppe this helped  Obviously I'm not a doctor, but I can tell you from my own experience with my wife. She does not take birth control pills (we don't believe in it). The method we used was either the cycle method or the pull-out method. Did this for years and she never got pregnant. And when we actually tried to get pregnant for real, she got pregnant on first try. So my point is, in our case....there was an almost zero chance of getting some pregnant from precum.  have you tried lubricant it could be too dry  Drink lots of water. Do kegel exercises. You might notice a little difference. If you think you're going to shoot like a porn star, though, remember that they have ways of faking large ejaculations. Most men ejaculate only about a teaspoonful.  If you masturbate frequently, you may have accustomed yourself to the friction of your own hand. Try varying your masturbation technique: use lube to simulate a wet mouth, use a lighter touch, etc. I would also add that if you are basing what you think your sexual response ought to be on images from pornography, you may have the idea that all men can come from oral sex. Keep in mind that even in pornography, most of the men masturbate themselves to finish, rather than finishing in their partner's mouth.  Since you say you were on BC, probably not. Condoms are often lubricated with spermicide, too, which also increases your safety. I'd say the odds are in your favor that you aren't pregnant.  