Being healthy with good circulation, diet, energy, etc. do play a role. Could be side effect of drugs or medications you're on if you're taking any. Could be something more complicated too, which you have to go to urologist. They are pretty cool and get questions like that all the time. Vitamin E might help. It has been said to work. Otherwise urologist have meds that help, Im sure you've seen the commercials. A nusance, but not a daunting problem. Could be your mood too. I have had phases of superhyped to nothin-happenin, back and forth throughout the years. Sometimes it's the chick! Wait it out. Try a health kick. Maybe vitamin E. If it doesn't go away, then see someone, but don't freak out.  Get rid of the girlfriend and enjoy life with the one you committed to.  All I am going to say is that you should not be having sex with anybody outside of your wife. Maybe that is divine intervention trying to let you know and could be the root of your problem.  But, Peyronie's is unusual in young people. It's fairly unusual in general. And if your BF is at a young age, the doctor is more likely to suspect some vigorous masturbation is or did cause some irritation that is occasionally triggering some pain as a tiny injury gets triggered when you move something the wrong way. Like a little hitch in your shoulder from moving something wrong, everything is fine until you move it just the wrong way and then you get a shooting pain. I'm not saying that he doesn't has an infection. It's unlikely he and doctor will know exactly what the source is, even after investigating, unless its very obvious. Riding a bicycle regularly, doing strenuous exercise, not drinking enough water, lots of things can contribute to tiny injuries in your urogenital system that can feel like a stabbing pain when they get irritated by another activity. Of course no pain is "normal" and it's good that you both are willing to figure out what's wrong. What I'm trying to encourage you to do is to pursue a resolution without any "wait and see" breaks. Because in some circumstances waiting makes the situation worse and harder to resolve, I don't want you to fall into that mode of inactivity where you create more of a problem by not following up promptly.  Having an erection for a long time doesn't mean, other sexual partner he may have needs to engage that erection for that length of time. The times the other partner want to, that's great, But for the times other person doesn't, he can tend to his erection himself or just let it subside. Sex isn't all about his penis, anyway (or at least, it shouldn't be). That is an unusual length of time for an erection to stick around when it's being constantly stimulated. Are you on antidepressants, by any chance? That's one common cause of young men finding it difficult to orgasm, but still sustain erection. Too, is it at any point becoming painful for you? I can't tell how you are feeling about this, but it's possible it's not comfortable, and you may feel like talking about it as a great thing is the only acceptable thing to say. Erections that hang on too long can be very frustrating and painful for some men, depending, but for men where erection lasts more than an hour, it usually does become painful. If it is uncomfortable or painful for you, it's actually smart for you to talk to your doctor.  A woman getting an erection "just like a man" is a physical impossibility. The woman would need a penis, thereby making her not a woman but a man.  This happened to me a few days ago. Have your problems resolved? How long did it take if so? Can you get an erection now?  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds very distressing. The only decent advice I can give you is to see a counselor or psychotherapist who has experience treating sexual issues. I applaud your commitment to your girlfriend not to cheat on her, but I also hasten to reassure you masturbation is normal. I also recognize some religions frown on self-pleasure. So, if this is an issue to you, I again suggest you see a counselor. You also could make an appointment with your primary health care provider to discuss this issue. It's possible there is some type of medication that can be given to reduce the male sex drive. I'm not aware of what this might be. Again, I think you're being very noble by honoring your girlfriend. You also deserve to have your needs met, however. And for that reason I hope you seek out a therapist who can help you sort through this. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Your symptoms definitely deserve to be checked out by your health care provider. Any time a person develops a symptom like widespread loss of sensation to a body area, it's a good idea to get examined. You can start with your primary care provider or whoever treated your UTIs. Because your UTI cleared up over a month ago, I wouldn't think your symptom is some weird side effect of antibiotics. And I don't think antiperspirant use would cause loss of sensation, either, though if you're spraying it directly on your groin area, you could try stopping that to see if sensation improves. At any rate, I'd recommend you make an appointment with your health care provider for an exam. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. I hope it helps you to know that this is not an uncommon problem. The situation you're describing falls under the broad umbrella term " ." Many things can cause erectile dysfunction, from lack of sleep to medications to poor blood flow to the penis. It's not uncommon for erectile dysfunction to occur in men as they age. I suggest you see a health care provider about this. Please don't be embarrassed to consult a professional. As I said, erectile dysfunction is very common, and your health care provider will be able to figure out if some underlying condition is contributing to the problem or not. Also, your health care provider may be able to prescribe pills to help you keep and maintain an erection. Wishing you all the best!  Ouch! That must be uncomfortable! I suggest you get this checked out by your primary care physician or other healthcare provider as soon as possible. What you're experiencing clearly isn't normal, and you don't want to take any chances with your reproductive health. If you experience any of the following symptoms, seek immediate medical attention, because these are the signs of : Sudden, severe pain of the testicles/scrotum (sack) Enlargement of a testicle Swelling of the scrotum (sack) Tenderness of one or both testicles With luck, your primary care provider can tell you what's going on and treat it, if necessary. Please don't feel embarrassed to speak with a medical professional about this issue. Trust me, we deal with situations like this all the time in a respectful way. We want to make sure you get the care you deserve. Best wishes!  Any problem with erection falls under the umbrella of "erectile dysfunction." Many people believe the term only includes difficulty getting an erection, but actually it also covers just what you describe: trouble maintaining an erection and/or ejaculating. You should see a medical professional, preferably a urologist, for a workup. Many things could be causing your issue, from general stress to performance anxiety to testosterone issues to circulatory issues to side effects from medications. The reason you want to get a diagnosis is to rule out any potential "bad things" causing this, like prostate cancer, heart disease or something else. Chances are your erectile problem isn't caused by anything serious. But you want to make sure. Wishing you well!  I do all of the above except i don't find it very tight gripped  In some cases you can treat occasional 		 episodes of 		 erection problems ( erectile dysfunction ) at home, 		 without a health professional's help. But do involve your partner in the 		 process, and don't be embarrassed about seeking professional help if erection 		 problems are consistent and troublesome. You may be able to help yourself 		 by: Changing 			 lifestyle factors that may affect erections . These 			 factors include alcohol, smoking , and using illegal drugs . Losing weight and 			 exercising more has also been helpful for some men. Examining your relationships and life events . Talking with your partner . Trying 			 sensual exercises with your partner. Some men may try methods available in health food stores or 		 through magazine advertisements. Most of these methods have never been 		 medically proven to work, may be unsafe, and are often expensive. They are not 		 recommended.  Symptoms of 		 erection problems ( erectile dysfunction ) include being 		 unable to: Have an erection at any time, either with 			 masturbation or with a sex partner. Maintain an erection firm 			 enough for sexual intercourse. Maintain an erection long enough to 			 complete sexual intercourse. Even with an erection problem, a man may still have sexual 		 desire and be able to have an orgasm and to ejaculate.  A man has erection 			 problems if he cannot get or keep an erection that is firm enough for him to 			 have sex. Erection problems are also called erectile dysfunction or 			 impotence. Erection problems can occur at any age. But they are 			 more common in older men, who often have other health problems. Treatment can 			 help both older and younger men.  One thing to examine is the chemical attraction. Is this still at pretty much the same levels as when this relationship started or has it deteriorated too? New post marriage annoying personality, physical, and/or behavioral discoveries could impact chemical attraction and lead to difficiencies in otherwise perfectly normal individuals. You may want to, in addition to testing your T levels, re-assess that side of the relationship.  The problem you are describing could be related to your meds, even if you've been on them for a while; our bodies change and meds can accumulate over time, so what was Not a problem at one time (or at a lower dose) may eventually become an issue. Check with your doctor to see if this is likely and if so if there is another alternative medicine you can try. Also, you may just be experiencing typical loss of penis sensitivity which happens to men over time. Try using a top drawer penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil). What you want is a cream that includes acetyl L carnitine; this is an ingredient that is neuroprotective and is useful in restoring penis sensitivity. Good luck!  Hi, it is common to lose your erection if you have any concerns or worries - or if you have a heavy work load and when you're not feeling well. Sex requires a huge amount of energy output from your brain and if you're already feeling tired or distracted, then your brain is redirecting the required energy to other parts of your body - equating to no erection.  Porn is only a problem when it consumes your mind. Your conscious mind can only focus on one task at a time, so if your mind is thinking about someone else's sexual experience when you are having intercourse you will not be able to manage your own arousal levels. This lack of correct focus can make one man lose his erection and another man ejaculate early.  I have a similar issue. How did/is your problem developing? Have you regained the ability to achieve an erection?  An erection problem is when an erection cannot be sustained for the purpose of sexual intercourse.  Unfortunately, no. Medicare Part D does not provide coverage for medications that treat erectile dysfunction.  Hi I think you should see a urologist, to get this small problem seen to, it would be the only way to go. Good Luck  Hi I forgot to add, if your husband wants to try cayenne pepper, theres lots of ways as you will read, capsules are ok but when its opens inside him, it can give him cramps very sharp cramps, they go but its very agonising for a short time, I do a mix with tomato paste and thin it down with olive oil, you mix it up to a heat that suits him, and slowly after that you can increase the heat with each mix, He take this each morning, 3 small spoonful's, he wash's each one down with water, now if he wants to you can add fine chopped garlic into it also very good for his blood. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi First there will be a lot of guys asking just how do you make it last 10 minutes? If you have been putting your body through this, and remembering that you have not said how long the other times lasted, so great you can make your love making sessions last, then your the stud, if this is happening often then just keep your love making to two times, you should find that this would keep any young lady happy. But if you still think you need help, try looking at herbal things, to boost your T,s, but try looking to things that will help your blood, there are simple things like, Garlic, Ginger, Cayenne Pepper, Green Tea with honey and lemon, all very good for your blood, you could try going on a course of Tribulus but this takes around 8 weeks to get to full power, you can also put herbal Tribulus in your green tea ground down, after that its things like L-Arginine and L-caritine. Now the best thing you can do is google all above just for info, after each one add for erectile dysfunction, this way you will get some good info. When I say herbal Tribulus, this Tribulus in its natural wild form, I use this and grind it down and put into green tea, I let this steep overnight, then drink through the next day, for this you will need a good 2 pint tea pot. Do hope all this helps you. good Luck  Hi This sounds like you had a penis fracture, when this happened was there a pop, if so then that's what you have. Suggest you go see a uro and take it from there, but be warned at 6 month you could be to late for help, but please get it checked out. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi O'Boy what a question, this would depend who you are with and how sexy she is, but then its guy to guy thing, how long it took me at thirty something and how long it takes you, all depends on our body make up and how our brain is connected to our sex receivers. As we get turned on with a women and depending how quick she wants you, but if you have a good erection in 5 minutes your ok, if quicker then better, but the thing is to relax and just enjoy her body, plenty of foreplay you wont even notice, or will she unless she giving you oral sex, but even if its not fully erect she wont mind. As long as it fully erect for sex, your OK and time just dose not matter, just enjoy. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK what follows, any one of these can give you ED (erectile dysfunction) every one of these are called sex killers. To little sleep. Performance anxiety. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Smoking. Meds. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Middle-aged-spread. Self image. Low libido. Your general health. Low testosterone and very high testosterone. With meds, its meds for depression, diabetes, HBP drugs and cholesterol, these are some of the really bad ones. If its non of these, seek help from a uro best place for good ED help. He may offer you Viagra or its two brother ED drugs, but this can get expensive Our you can try like me herbs and a hormone, its worked for me and no waiting like you would for drugs, google these posts of mine there on a site www.franktalk.org its a site for guys with ED problems, so try these. DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED, PART 2 Just google each one, it takes you straight to them. On site your see me as NOWHARD, this way is far cheaper than drugs long term use, that is, if you go this way it needs to become a way of life, but healthy. Hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi With so little info, yes I could see this happening, if its an internal type, the whole erection process starts around the anus area, hence you get pain, You should then really think of having and op to clear it or them. good Luck  Hi This is from Dr Hunter Wessells, It would be very unlikely for a hernia to affect a man's ability to maintain an erection or to achieve orgasm and ejaculation. A hernia is the abnormal bulging of internal organs through a weakening in the abdominal wall. Though it usually involves the groin, where it is called an inguinal hernia, it does not distort or compress the blood vessels or nerves that control penile erection and ejaculation. However, a hernia could potentially  albeit very rarely  affect testicular function and hormonal status. A lack of the hormone testosterone could lead to sexual dysfunction. can occasionally compromise the blood supply to the testis, providing another potential mechanism for low testosterone. However, because most men have two testis, and one side alone can produce adequate hormonal levels, there would need to be a problem with the opposite testis in order to cause such a rare abnormality. Also have a good read of this link from the UKs NHS. http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Umbilicalhernia/Pages/Whatisitpage.aspx Just copy into google to open and read Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It would have been so nice if you had given your age, see age helps a lot when trying to work out what's wrong with you. Nocturnal erections unless there really intense then you would not know if your getting one, but how about morning woods, do you get any? If you look up ED erectile dysfunction, your find it means not having an erection good enough for sex, but you get one good enough for masturbation, if that's the fact then its not ED, and believe me when you do get ED you will know about it. A 5 inch erect penis means your normal as erections go, but if you feel you would like to be longer and thicker, then www.pegym.com is the place to go, if you go there do have a good look round the forums, have a look at the photos these are from guys just starting guiys mid way through there programs, and guys just finished the PE work. Now this is not a quick fix, it will take lots of your spare time up for anything up to two years. Now a warning these exercises can give you ED, but if you don't rush or push the programs and just do as you told to then things should be OK. If you join pegym you can pm me through it by finding NOWHARD on there. One last thing if you don't want to go through this on pegym, then try a cock ring, because I have had ED, I have a hardwear ice from www.myharswear.com this should give you some good boners, you can wear it 24/7, so your always ready for action. Do hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi Are you losing your erection at the same time? if so it could be you have a venous leak. How it works you gat an erection and slowly the blood comes out, leading to the problems you getting now, Google this, cheap home-made cock rings, it could help you to maintain your size and stop it from going thin. Good Luck  Hi Just how often do you masturbate, and are you doing this to porn? Please come back  Hi Shove, then jelqing will help you. Good Luck  Hi Look try this, it wont be very good for your new partner, but try having a sexual break, you do no masturbating or any sexual contact for say 4 weeks, what this does it gives your body a break, gives it time to reboot. If after this 4 weeks you find things are not just so, do it again. You have not said but do you get nocturnal erections and morning woods, not getting these are a sign that your sexual side is down, and by doing these breaks you should find that they come back. Just see how you go. Good Luck  To Patlumashanker, Its your blood pressure meds, there known for giving men ED problems, if you google, natural ways out of HBP, your find many ways of doing so, get this going, then you can kick out the drugs and get your sex life back. Suggest you also google your drugs and add ED side effects, your be surprised what may come up. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes plaque can be a problem, to clear it you need some cayenne pepper, I take this each day, I do it this way. But for you do this, you mix cayenne with tomato paste and add olive oil to thin, you mix this to a heat that suits you, take 3 small spoonful's each morning and wash each one down with cold water, with you can add very fine chopped garlic (do a whole head) mixed with dry parsley in olive oil, all very good for your blood. You can also have green tea with honey, lemon and ginger, all very good for your blood, and will add erections. If you can afford one try a cock ring, I have a hardwear ice, from myhardwear,com, should give you some great boners. But please remember ED jokes us, just as things are getting good, back it comes. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi For a start you need to get a blood test done, get your T levels they must be way down if your not getting any beard growth. Also ask for your progesterone levels checked out, progesterone is a procurer for testosterone. See how you go from there, but be careful to what they put you on, the wrong meds will just shut down any of you testosterone making in your body. But good exercise will help bring up your T's along with weight lifting, also try some Fenugreek, do this in a mix of cayenne pepper and turmeric, these last two you mix up equal parts in tomato paste and thin down with olive oil, just mix to a heat that suits you, if you keep with it you can up the heat as your body adjusts to it, you just add some fenugreek on the top and just mix it in the top layer, this you take in 3 small spoonful's, you wash each one down with water, if your over 40 then try some DHEA, start off at just 25mgs a day take first thing and the other mix, but watch the DHJEA it can have the odd funny side effect with the odd person, so p[lease read up about it, along with that you could have some Tribulus, this runs along the same lines as DHEA, they both will lift you testosterone, lift you libido, and kick up you energy levels, the Fenugreek helps with your T's and the other CP and turmeric will be good for you blood,heart and prostate. Look I take all these because I have had ED and now over it, but its these things that are helping to keep my end up. See how you get on, you can google all the above like dhea for ed, you find lots of answers. Hope this helps you, any more help just come back through answer this. Good Luck  Hi Ok you have not said but just how long have you been on your blood pressure meds, if you read up, you will find that there is a link. So have a look at this, google natural ways out high blood pressure, if you can get that working perhaps you can give up your meds. If you give up the meds things may come together, but not to sure how long it will take for the meds to release there hold. But after saying all this was this a problem before you were on the meds? Hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi OK I think you are having a plaque problem, an d some of it has got stuck, with some oil on your penis just massage the vein, with luck it will move. Ok for your plaque problem, just get yourself on some cayenne pepper, this helps clean plaque from our blood, now this is something I take each day, first thing in the morning, you mix cayenne pepper in tomato paste, and then thin with olive oil, when you first make it don't go to heavy with the CP, you start on a low heat, over time your can build it up, unless you like really hot chilli's, CP is really good for men, good for your erections, prostate and heart health, but the main thing for now is to clean your blood. For more info go to www.cayennepepper.info Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS if you want you can add very fine chopped garlic, also very good for your blood.  Hi It would have been nice to know what ED drug he's using, is he by any chance taken other drugs? If so these could be his problem, some drugs do not mix well and give other side effects. If its nothing to do with other drug use, could be time he went to see a urologist, have some tests done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS Or you could go my way, as ED drugs gave me bad side effects, I'm on herbs and a hormone.  Hi, Yes ADHD, could affect your sex life, but before you go down that street, its best to find out first, so go do the test, its only then will you know for sure. But it could be just ED, that's come creeping in to your life, do you watch porn?, do you masturbate to porn? do you masturbate more than once a day? are you on any meds for diabetes, depression, high blood pressure, anxiety, your find all these are sex killers. Do you smoke, drink excess alcohol, obese, have performance anxiety, to little sleep, stressed, anger, self image, low libido, low testosterone and your general health is down, again all sex killers. So what do you think now. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, It would have been nice to know why? To shrink you penis, you could try going on female hormones, that will do it, but you will lose your testicles at the same time. This is what guys who want to become she's do. If you stopped blood going into your penis, you will end up with a dead piece of meat, or somehow just lower your testosterone, just the same as guys with ED have, which if your a real hot blooded male, or have had ED like me, its something you don't want, buggers up your sex life. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have a read up about this, may help you. Cauda equina syndrome (CES) is a particularly serious type of nerve root problem. Just google the first part. Good Luck  Hi OK from what I can see, ADHA is her problem yes that's why she is on the drug, could be that she has grown out of it. But ADHA in young women can give her sexual drive due to her hormones kicking in. Have a read down this link, it could help you understand her problems. The Link, http://www.addvance.com/help/women/high_school.html Just copy into google to open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck   Hi Have a read up about this, may help you. Cauda equina syndrome (CES) is a particularly serious type of nerve root problem. Just google the first part. Good Luck  Hi If I remember right on franktalk some of the guys there gave this the thumbs down. Me I have had ED, and now in some kind of recovery, but ED jokes us, I can have sex for 3 to 4 days straight, then nothing for a few days, and I did this all on my own, its with a hormone and herbs, for me its been getting my blood right, get your blood right, you should get good erections. So if you go to www.franktalk.org, on there look under general discussions for these titles, DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE, same again but with. DAILY INTAKE, and this one NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS, this last shows how things should work But please remember its all down to getting a herb mix right, get it right, beats drugs hands down anytime, some of these ED drugs can have side effects, or not just work. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I don't think you have cut through anything, may be just a small tear at most. But what kind of a vagina does this women have then, sounds like Jaws to me. I now think your problem is this, your just stressing your self out, stress is a great erection killer, just try forgetting about it, put behind you and just relax, if this woman is about get her to gentle play with it or even some oral sex, but next time you have sex just use some extra lubrication Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK what follows, any one of these can give him ED (erectile dysfunction). To little sleep. performance anxiety. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Smoking. Meds. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Middle-aged-spread. Self image. Low libido. His general health. Low testosterone and very high testosterone. With meds, its meds for depression, diabetes and cholesterol, these are some of the really bad ones. But at 38, a bit on the young side for ED but then it happens, and it seems its affecting men at younger ages, OK I have got a mild kind of ED, now if he can get semi erect, he could try a cock ring, they do work, I know I have one, its a hardwear ice, form myhardwearice.com. After that there are a lot of herbs and things I take, better than Viagra, as Viagra you need to take an hour before sex, get the timing wrong and you've blown 15 dollars, with the herbs and ring, he will be ready anytime you want him or should be. OK on www,franktalk.org, in general discussions look up these titles, DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE. NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS, NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED PART 2. every thing I take is there plus loads more, now its finding the ones that suit him, get the mix right and away he goes, in more ways than one, but try my list first and work away from there, something that is not on the list is simple iron tablets, its something that I have added recently, our blood is one of the things that need to be right for good erections. Franktalk is a good place for both of you to have a look around, also on pegym.com you find an ED forum again have a look around, he could try kegels, its a simple exercise, he will find these under exercise on pegym. Do hope all this helps him. Good Luck  Hi, For a start cut out the porn and no masturbating, and if its over masturbating, I would suggest you cut these out. The porn will shutdown your sexual receptors, and over masturbating will cause loss of erections. Try taken a break for say 4 weeks, in this time now sexual contact or masturbating, and no porn, the porn you must kick the habit. In this 4 weeks see if your getting nocturnal erections and morning woods, if not go 4 more weeks doing just the same. One of the problems could be your blood, one part of ED is blood problems, for good strong erections, we need good clean blood. Other things you must do is cut out fast foods and junk foods, cut out any alcohol, eat healthy, get out and do some exercising, do this and your on your way to getting your anytime erections back. Try these there some posts I have on franktalk, google them its far quicker than trying to find them. DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERB MY CHOICE, same again and add, DAILY INTAKE, NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS AND HOHARDS HERBS FOR ED, PART 2, yes I have had ED and now over it, get erections anytime, all of what you read I do daily, but I now leave out the ginger, its all down to a mix and not just one thing, lots of guys say tried this or that, but never together, now what you read is my mix, you may need to change it for you, could be just one or two things, for it to work. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK first thing is, are you getting erections? or are you looking for something to give you erection? Is BLL giving you ED (erectile dysfunction) Have you thought of Viagra? But for this you must go through you doctor. Look Ive had ED now in some kind of recovery, but what I take is good for my blood, get that bit right your about two thirds of the way back, so even at 70 you could still be having sex, if you want to try what I take, just google each of these titles, there on a site called www.franktalk.org your find all us older guys on there, you can ask questions, get answers and answer yourself, its all penis talk, pumps, implants. So just google these saves looking for them. DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE,DAILY INTAKE NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED, PART 2 On there your see me as NOWHARD, and its all free, must of the stuff I take some of you may have around you kitchen, its all that simple. Do hope something here works for you. Good Luck  Hi I would get to your doctor or urologist, would be best advice. You say physical or visual stimulation, by this do you mean your watch porn and masturbate at the same time, if so then that part could be porn induced ED, look if so then stop, there is an 8 week plan, it just involves, no masturbating or sexual contact for the 8 weeks, if by week for your getting nocturnal erections and morning woods the your getting better, but depending just how long you have been doing it then it will take longer, its not a quick fix but does work, so clear away any sites on your computer, clear out any porn downloads and throw away any discs, get somebody to install a parental anti porn lock on your computer, men who do this plan find it helps. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So if you think its from an STD, how long ago do you think this was? OK what follows, any one of these can give him ED (erectile dysfunction). To little sleep. performance anxiety. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Smoking. Meds. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Middle-aged-spread. Self image. Low libido. His general health. Low testosterone and very high testosterone. With meds, its meds for depression, diabetes and cholesterol, these are some of the really bad ones. Do any of these ring bells, if so you know were your ED is coming from then. Do hope there's some help here. Good Luck  Hi OK if you come off it and things stay the same your ok, now if things go back as they were, you just go back on the two till at some time you need some extra help, it happens when things just need another boost. I'm on herbs and a hormone for ED and can take the odd few days off, and things still work. But I do have a hardwear ice cock ring, worth looking at from myhardwear.com and you can wear it 24/7 with no problems, except you get some really good boners. if you need to look at what I'm on just google NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS, and NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED, PART 2. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi These are under the side effects for Lisinopril Decreased interest in sexual intercourse. Inability to have or keep an erection, Lack or loss of strength loss in sexual ability, desire, drive, or performance. I should see your doctor, to see if there is something else you can take having ED is not good for us guys one trouble we don't want. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your talking about a Priapism this is wear you get an erection that wont go down, if your getting this kind of erections you should get to an ER if there lasting longer than 4 hours, its all down to blood, it goes in and stays there, its not good for your penis, I do hope this has not been happening to you, if this has been your problem then get to a urologist and get yourself checked out. But do explain what your problems have been in full, this way your get the right treatment. Do hope this helps. Good Luck   Hi If your talking about a Priapism this is wear you get an erection that wont go down, if your getting this kind of erections you should get to an ER if there lasting longer than 4 hours, its all down to blood, it goes in and stays there, its not good for your penis, I do hope this has not been happening to you, if this has been your problem then get to a urologist and get yourself checked out. But do explain what your problems have been in full, this way your get the right treatment. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi need more info to help, like do you watch porn? do you over masturbate? do you over eat? do you not exercise? smoke? drink to much alcohol? taken any kind of meds? diabetic? stressed? have any anxiety problems?  Hi How long since you op?  Hi Two things that go together low libido and low testosterone, so get a blood test done for your T's would be a very good start, its away of finding out just were you are. From there you could start building you self back by going the herbal way, see I'm a fan of herbs they got me out of ED, what you have is ED. ED is not being able to maintain an erection for sex, if you cant do that then you have ED. I now get good erections anytime, morning woods, nocturnal erections. What I use is just my own mix of herbs, not a company mix, all very good and healthy. If your interested get back to me through answer this. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, So after 13 years you now think you have a problem? nothing no nocturnal erections or morning woods? OK I think your first stop will have to be a urologist, and take it from there. Thoughts, are you overweight, are you on antidepressant drugs, diabetic, any other long term drugs or stressed at work and home. These are just some of the things that can do this, just keep this in mind when you see a urologist. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi As you have not said which way its curved, does not make for an easy life if its downwards its a problem, upwards no problem, sideways but not to much, its not going to be that bad. But you could try jelqing, its an exercise for PE, just go to www.pegym.com on there look under exercises, you want jelqing for beginners, and away you go, but first have a good look around the site, have a look at the beginners forum, look at the photos of how guys are doing, if you do this just do the same. But first a warning, you just do as they say and when they say, don't rush or push the programs, do this you could end up with ED, and that you don't want. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The problem could be porn based with over masturbating, it will do that, lose of erections when trying to have sex. So now you have a problem, called porn induced ED, the problem with to much porn and masturbating to it, it shuts down your sexual receptors, add in the over masturbating, and you have it, cant keep an erection. So the way out is you do this, on your computer you shut down all your porn sites, you clear away all downloads of porn and last your throw away any discs you have, get a friend in to install the porn lock on your computer, he or she keeps the password, you never have it, OK The next thing is you now need to take a break from masturbating and any sexual contact, the first part is an 8 week break, its called rebooting your body, now if by week 4 your getting nocturnal erections along with morning woods, its working, but you still do nothing and no touching. If your still getting nothing by week 8, off you go again for 8 more weeks, some times this can be a long haul, but it dose work. You just have to trust it. Good Luck  Hi, You need to do some jelqing this will help, go and have a look on wwwpegym.com your find all the info on bent penis there and how you can cure it with pe exercises. This is not a quick fix, it will take some time and effort from you, but please remember you do just as they say, never try pushing or rushing there programs, if you do you could end up a case of ED. But by doing this you should improve your size and the way you hang, have a look at the photos on there on how guys have done and are doing. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi There are many sex killers and he has 3 of them, heavy smoking, heavy drinking of alcohol and stress, sorry double stress. So can you see the answers then? he must stop drinking, get rid of the smoking, google natural ways out of stress, you should find some help there. But the drinking and smoking, this is all down to self control. But you also need to look at what he eats, if he is a fast food and junk food eater, then these also need to go, to much high salt and sugars, get him to eat healthy. These would be a good start save going for the Viagra, there are natural herbs that would be far better for him, it can be done, I did. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS, If he's on any meds some of these are also sex killers, just google each drug with ED side effects, you should find things that way.  Hi, Few men would ever blame their E.D. on a prior diagnosis of haemorrhoids, but according to recent research, men who have suffered from haemorrhoids before may be at risk for developing ED, a debilitating condition that affects a mans basic sexual function. So yes its a problem, but as things get better with the haemorrhoids so should your ED problems, or you could try Anal Breathing? http://www.herballove.com/solutions/method-anal-breathing Just copy into google to read Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you can get an erection then its not ED, for some unknown reason your getting a problem when it comes to sex. OK you either spend a lot of time trying to get over it. When she gives you oral are you giving her oral at the same time? Do you maintain an erection when you give her oral? Can you maintain an erection if you start playing with her breasts? How much foreplay would you say you have, before sex? Do you maintain your thoughts on her when your having sex? Can you maintain an erection if you just masturbate on your own? Before this problem come to the front, how often would you have sex, say 3 times a week or less? Do you watch porn? are you masturbating to porn. OK porn is a great libido lifter, but just in short periods, 10 to 15 minutes max, to much and it will kill your sexual receptors, hence your problem when it comes to full sex, that's if its your problem. Is there something here that rings a bell.  Hi Depending on your diet, if its high in junk foods, it could be some plaque build up, try taken some cayenne pepper for few days(3 times a day0 this will help break it down, see www,cayennepepper.info for more info on plaque. After that with the aid of some baby oil just gentle massage it, with luck it should break down and move away. Do hope this helps you back to good erections. Good Luck  Hi So your b/f has high cholesterol, there are other ways of doing it. Google natural ways out of high cholesterol, your find loads of ways out of it. Its the Lipitor / statins, they do this, below your find a link on it. But he could try parsley and garlic mix, you can google that for info. But I mix dried parsley and a whole head of garlic chopped very fine and mix in olive oil, I have this as a part of getting over ED, you will also find that cayenne pepper will help, I take this as well, You mix cayenne pepper with tomato paste and olive oil to thin, he mixs it to a heat that suits him, the cayenne pepper will help clean plaque away from his blood, for more info go to www.cayennepepper.com I think. Do hope this helps you and him. Good Luck  Hi, Yes you do have a problem, BP meds are a sex killers, statins for high cholesterol are sex killers, and with and poor erections yet you would have performance anxiety, would also be a sex killer. There are things on the natural side that could help, I 'm a great lover of Cayenne Pepper, taken daily is very good for your blood, its cleans all the plaque away which helps to bring down you cholesterol now add into that Turmeric and you are beginning to cook away some of your problems. Have a read of this site WWW.spacedoc.com packed with info and why you should not be on statins, the guy who runs it was an astronaut and he is a doctor, so its not a joke site. OK I do take CP and Turmeric daily for ED I mix in a 6oz jar in equal parts CP and Turmeric into olive oil and mix with tomato paste, you do this to a heat that suits you, at first and slowly you can build up the heat, as you mix this you can add more olive oil, remembering that the olive oil is very good for you. Take 3 teaspoons of this first thing every morning, as you just going on it you can take this 3 times a day, for 2 week then twice a day for 2 weeks, by then you should be getting your numbers down, then just do the first thing in the morning way. Google natural ways out of HBP, your find lots of help, just chose away and stick with it. When you start getting some good erections going, a good way to tell is when you start getting nocturnal erections and morning woods, then you will know things are getting better, When this happens your performance anxiety should go away, another problem out of the way. Other things you could try are DHEA, Tribulus, L-Arginine and L-carnitine, these you can take a long with the CP and Turmeric. OK Some links for info. http://www.cayennepepper.info/health-benefits-of-cayenne-pepper.html http://www.livestrong.com/article/538213-can-cayenne-pepper-unclog-arteries/ http://turmericsgold.com/conditions/curcumin-for-high-cholesterol-and-high-triglycerides/ http://www.livestrong.com/article/112941-side-effects-turmeric-curcumin/ Just copy one at a time into google to the www. to open and read. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  RESEARCH FROM ITALY SCIENTISTS: TOO MUCH INTERNET PORN MAY CAUSE IMPOTENCE (2011) It may not make you go blind, but Italian scientists have identified a worrying side-effect of watching too much pornography. Researchers said Thursday that young men who indulge in "excessive consumption" of Internet porn gradually become immune to explicit images, the ANSA news agency reported. Over time, this can lead to a loss of libido, impotence and a notion of sex that is totally divorced from real-life relations. "It starts with lower reactions to porn sites, then there is a general drop in libido and in the end it becomes impossible to get an erection," said Carlo Foresta, head of the Italian Society of Andrology and Sexual Medicine (SIAM). His team drew their conclusions from a survey of 28,000 Italian men which revealed that many became hooked on porn as early as 14, exhibiting symptoms of so-called "sexual anorexia" by the time they reached their mid-twenties. There was some good news, however, as the condition was not necessarily permanent. "With proper assistance recovery is possible within a few months," Foresta said. Hi I just thought I would show you this first, see what porn dose is it shuts down your sexual receptors, and bingo away goes your sex life. So your way out is this, the first thing you need to is shut down all your porn sites in your computer, clear out all your porn downloads, throw away any porn discs you have, get somebody in to install your parental lock for porn, in your computer, they keep the pass word. From now on its no masturbation or sex or any sexual contact with your g/f, the hard part is you will need your g/f's help so you will need to be open with her, she needs to know why she's not getting any sex or sexual advances from you, so its cards on the table time, or it wont work and you wont have a g/f. OK what your going to do is reboot your body, to start with its a complete 8 week break, and the need of this break your looking for these things, nocturnal erections, that's if you can remember what they and morning woods, if after 8 weeks your not getting these then its another 8 weeks are, till you do get these and its only when you get these that you are healed, that you can get back to having sex again. But before you do, take a couple of weeks doing some edging, its just a simple exercise to help hold back why you having sex. So for this exercise and also try some kegels, your find both on www.pegym.com look under exercises, your find them both on there. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS any questions, just come back through answer this, at the top.  Hi Even though you may not have been openly thinking about what was coming, deeper you probably was, so its just been a slow build up of stress, stress is a great sex killer, I would wait till you get over you tests first. See how things go from then way before you start labelling your self with ED, look have a think about this. Are you still getting nocturnal erections or morning woods, if the answer is yes then you just normal, the rest is just stress, and of course you may be having some anxiety, put the stress and anxiety together, now you have double barrel problem for a low libido. But just relax, get over your tests and exams, then see if you can get it on with a women, and have a good let go of all your pass troubles. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi First let me introduce you to www,franktalk.org its a great place with lots of help from guys just like you and having problem with sex after your prostate operation for cancer. Have you tried Viagra yet or its two other drugs for erections? or tied injections. Are you getting anything in the way of an erection, or soft erections? Or your not getting any kind of feeling of an erection. There's lots of help if you know where to look, so please think franktalk. Good Luck  Hi, I found you this answer, I did think along these lines but found this to back up what I was thinking. A stroke can certainly cause erectile dysfunction, by damaging the neurologic connection between the brain and the penis. Just More like a stroke may cause, say, right arm weakness, it can in the same way cause erectile dysfunction. Sometimes erectile dysfunction may, in turn, indicate the potential of a future stroke. Erectile dysfunction essentially is a vascular disease where reduced blood flow is due to diseased blood vessels much in the same way a stroke can be caused Should help. Good Luck  Hi This clear liquid is just pre-cum, its your g/f she is turning you on, lots of guys get this, its just a part of nature, that you will have to live with, some women get the same thing, so your not alone as a man. OK if you want to get your sex life back along with your morning woods, then you must kick this porn addiction, its closing down your sexual receptors, and taken away your own sex life. You can start right now, you must go 8 week without any kind of sexual contact, no masturbation, no kissing or cuddling, its your only way to go. If its working your know when by week 4 you should start getting good nocturnal erections along with morning woods back, if these start to happen, no touching, just let then die on there own, its all par for the course, then by week 8 things should hopefully be back to normal. If its not quite there yet do 4 more weeks. Now why your doing this you clear out your computer of porn sites, any down loads you have, and throw away any discs you have, get some body to come in and switch on your anti porn switch, they keep the password. This should help you back to a good sex life. Good Luck  Hi, OK do you know if you get nocturnal erection or morning woods that stay hard? Do you have any stress? are you trying to hard when it comes to being sexy? Since you have had this problem, have you tried getting into bed both naked, and taken it from there, by doing this are you getting erections then? At 18 you should be erect from the time she's taken her cloths off, if not you should be, your testosterone levels should be good. The only other thing would be to get a blood test, get your testosterone checked out, and take it from there. Do hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi Id creams are not working, have a talk with your doctor about having an implant put in, but this comes with a warning, could go the other way and give you some funny side effects. But as men we do need to try these things, but you can always have it removed, but would take a couple of weeks to get right. Good Luck  Hi, If this erection has been going on and you still have it, then get to an ER ASAP Then blood needs to be released ASAP Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi Have a good read of this link, its the part about waste blocking the testes. The link,http://www.wernermd.com/varicocele.php Just copy link into google to open and read. Now me thinking beyond that would or could be your own blood, not knowing your life style, it could be that over the years that plaque in your blood has blocked your veins up, which could be from high cholesterol, whether you have it or not plaque would not help. The way out and clearing away plaque would be to get on Cayenne Pepper, take this each morning and see how you go. You just mix CP with tomato paste and thin it with olive oil, at first you njust mix this to a heat that suits you, and over time you can slowly increase the CP. You take 3 small teaspoonful each morning first thing, before anything else, one thing it will warm you up, with this which will also help would be very fine chopped garlic, just do a whole head, chopped fine, and keep in olive oil, you just add a teaspoonful on tpo of the CP just mix into the top take as said. No if you read up about both the very good for ED, your heart and prostate, garlic is also very good for your blood, so along with the CP, your be doing your body the world of good. And yes have had ED now in recovery and do take what is above along with other stuff. So do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi A penis fracture is not a good thing and needs to be looked at ASAP, if I was you I would get off to your ER now. Good Luck Don't wait go now.  Hi Well you do know what your problem is then? stress, stress is a sex killer for any man, if your on drugs for stress then you have an even bigger problem Try this just google natural ways out of stress, have a read through and pick a path, but don't keep mixing different ones, your get lost. You can try meditation as a way out, they do say this is a very good way to go. Get over your stress and away from any stress meds, and your soon be back to normal and having good erections. Do hope the helps you. Good Luck  Hi, try giving your penis a warm sea salt soak twice a day, this will hep clean and heal you wound, but try to give the erections a break till it heals this includes laying of sex for a couple of weeks, but lay of the ointment, greasy thing's are not good under the foreskin for healing cuts, try and keep it dry, when its healed give a massage with some aloe vera gel twice a day, this will help as well. Good Luck  Hi For one this would depend on your age, as we get older the Refractory period takes longer. the recovery phase after orgasm during which it is physiologically impossible for an individual to have additional orgasms. This can take from twenty minutes to a day, lots of thinks need to be taken in to account, 1 age, 2 your health, 3 your sexual energy levels, 4 how bad you want sex again. But getting turned on again also helps and being turned on. But end of the day could be just you system, its on the slow side. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes some men are like that, unless he's watching porn bet that works, being naked and cuddling he should get an erection then, its our brains telling us to be ready. But you should just bring this into your foreplay. just add some oil and away he should go, sorry slip, perhaps like most men we love that, oil on our body's and yours is a great erotic thing, should be for both of you, gives a great feeling, if you both shave even better ( pubic area I mean )the feeling will be intense for both of you. Do hope there is some help here. Good Luck  Hi You pose lots of problems. Ok for a start smoking is not good for a sex life. Your drug taking history, this could also be blocking you ejaculation problems as well. The Prozac and Wellbutrin, both depression drugs, these two drugs are not good for a sex life, depression drugs are known sex killers, if you want to try there are natural ways to beat depression, just google natural ways out of depression, lots of ways to try, but don't cross them over. This last drug Suboxone, is for your opiate addiction, and another not good for your sex life. Somehow you need to straighten your life out, this way your back to a good sex life. All your drugs you can google, just add erectile dysfunction on the end, you get all the answers you need. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi There is a little exercise called edging, very good for you problem. for info on this just google prgym, look under exercises, this is not a quick fix, once you get this working you may just need to do it a couple of times a week to keep it working. Good Luck  Hi if you read up about eunuch's, you will find that many of them had happy sex lives, even thought they had there testes removed. I would just do a little research, you should find your be OK But I would not leave it to long, could get worse, and then you could end up with ED, but on the brighter side you could then have a implant and be ready anytime. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Ok you get aroused very easily so what's wrong with that, if you can still do that in another 20 years time, then bottle it and sell it. No great don't worry, you OK, now for lasting longer the is a simple exercise called edging, for this I suggest you go on www,pegym.com and look under exercises, you will find it there, and just follow what they say, all being well you should start lasting longer and longer very soon, once you get there you just need to do it a couple of times a week to keep it up, in more ways than one. I do hope this helps you and your wife to enjoy sex for longer. Good Luck  Hi If I was you I would get to your doctor, even though your on the young side it could be Pyronies disease, and get some tests done you also want to urologist, he should be able to sort you out. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Not a doctor, but stress is a big sex killer, so would overwork, if with these your not eating properly, your find that's were its all coming from, an you end up with ED, losing an erection is a part of ED. I have worked a few guys through ED. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS try googling natural ways out of stress, and stress and ED.  Hi OK It could be your meds for HBP and stress is a sex killer, now for both of these, but you would need to consult with your doctor, for his/her help, But google natural ways out of hbp your find lots of ways you can do that, have a good read and with the help of your doctor cut down the drugs till your free of them, but you must stick to your way out of them. Now Stress just google natural ways out of stress, your find more ways to help there. OK your refractory period, its the time it takes to get an erection again, well you are now over 60, and as we age we do slow down, things that could help are kegels, and jelqing, the kegels are for the pelvic floor and this also helps pump blood into your penis, now the art of jelqing this will help get extra blood down your penis, and this will aid your erections. For both of these exercises just go to www.pegym.com and look under exercises, but also have a good look round the site all very interesting and how things can help your penis. But there are things the can help your erections, that are not drugs and some you may have in your kitchen now, most of these things will help your blood, if our blood is working properly then your get better erections Things like Cayenne Pepper, Garlic, Green Tea, Ginger and even Boric Acid OK supplement's like DHEA, (its a hormone) Tribulus, L-Arginine ( this is nitric acid and helps our erections) and L-Carntine. These are just some of the stuff I take for getting me over ED daily I can get some great nocturnal erections? they wake me up, and some really great morning woods. Have a look on www.franktalk.org your find me on there as NOWHARD you can PM me from there if you want more help. Do hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Your just a teenager going through puberty and from what your saying all is normal, this 3 to 4 inch's is this why your erect, if so normal. As for getting unwanted erections, this could be just your brain thinking sexy thoughts, that will do that, looking at girls will also do that, as for seeing your penis through your pants, and having some kind of bulge, that is something your just going to have to live with, but then some girls do love that. OK as for masturbation well we all have done that, mind you your find as you get older, some will say they never have, just be sensible when masturbating always try and use of baby oil as lubrication, it will help you and you never use a tight grip, when we masturbate it should resemble the feeling of a vagina, so your touch should be feather light, if you don't when it comes to having sex, your find that your cant ejaculate. Just remember as you get older and start having sex, safe sex is best, always carry condoms. But don't worry your normal, Good Luck  Hi See Above answer.  Hi, I think you have two things going on, One is your HPB meds, they will do that to your erections, but in one way your lucky to be getting erections, as HPB meds are sex killers. I think you other problem is coming from masturbating, you are using a strong grip, this is why you feel no sensations. I think you may need to reboot your penis, the way to this is take an 8 week break from all sexual contact and masturbating, this will give your penis a chance to get better and help heal itself. When you have done the 8 weeks, try masturbating with an oiled penis and only use a featherlight touch, just as a vagina would, given time things will get better. Google natural ways of HPB, your find ways of doing this, get that working, and you should be able to wain yourself off the drugs, then that would be a other problem out of the way. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First question would be just how much do you masturbate? And are you doing this to gay porn?  Hi Why thing worst case scenario? Cancer? just get to your doctor or uro, and let them have a look, and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi There is a very simple exercise called edging, ok you will find how to , by going to www.pegym.com under just look under exercises think its page 2, also look up kegels, these will help as well with pumping some extra blood down you penis and help with ejaculating. Do hope these help you. Good Luck  Hi Stress is a great sex killer, if can overcome the stress things should come back to normal, google natural ways out of stress. If he's on meds then that would be were another problem lays. He needs to some to get the stress down, if he knows were its coming from, if its his work, then somehow he need for his own piece of mind change it. OK its easy for me to write that last piece, but that is the truth, and not forgetting to much stress can also be a killer, and don't just mean his penis, it can go a lot deeper. I do hope this helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi Its about time you went to your doctor, your in need of some help. Good Luck  Hi Have read how eunuchs can get erections, and also read more about it, all very interesting and how they do marry and have good sex lives, but they produce no children. But having no testicles, this is it this is the only way you can produce sperm, so sorry without them, no sperm. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Looks like most of you meds are giving you your real problem, the side effect for most is ED. So what can we do for you there's pumping, which should suit the bill for you, you can either have a hand pump, a machine pump, if you have a look on www.pegym.com have a look at the Bathmate this one you can use in the bath or shower, these will Pump up your penis, should even help get your size back. The way they work is once you get erect you place a ring on your penis to keep the blood in place, this should last long enough for you to masturbate to finish Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Not to sure on this gland your on about, but you are at the age were ED can kick in. Plus there are a whole load of other things so will kill your erections, see if any of these ring a bell. To little sleep. performance anxiety. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Smoking. Meds. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Middle-aged-spread. Self image. Low libido. His general health. Low testosterone and very high testosterone. With meds, its meds for depression, diabetes and cholesterol, these are some of the really bad ones. Now there all above and probably a few more. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This sounds like you are over masturbating, over masturbating leads to weak erections, also porn induced ED goes the same way, the only real way out of this is to take an 8 week break of no masturbating or sexual contact, this give your body a chance to reboot and heal, sometimes it may take a bit longer, if you start getting nocturnal erections and morning woods then your on your way back, but just keep of the masturbating, till you have done the 8 weeks. Good Luck  Hi This is a piece of info form WebMD. Happily, a groin pull will usually heal on its own. You just need to give it some time and rest. To speed the healing, you can: Ice the inside of your thigh to reduce pain and swelling. Experts recommend doing it for 20-30 minutes every three to four hours for two to three days, or until the pain is gone. Compress your thigh using an elastic bandage or tape. Take anti-inflammatory painkillers . Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ), like Advil, Aleve, or Motrin , will help with pain and swelling. However, these drugs can have side effects; they should be used only occasionally, unless your doctor specifically says otherwise. Practice stretching and strengthening exercises if your doctor recommends them. Most of the time, these conservative treatments will do the trick. But not always. If these techniques still haven't helped after six months, you may want to think about surgery. While surgery may give you relief, it's a last resort. Not everyone can return to their previous level of activity afterward. But I think it would be best to lay off sex for a couple of weeks or longer, but from what your saying I would seek help from your doctor But hope this helps for now. Good Luck  Hi You need to see a urologist. But cant think why your getting this, is it new, is it anytime, or just mornings, sometimes morning can just be a little bit stronger than other times. But on a scale of 1 to 10 were would your pain be?  Hi, First google all your drugs for erectile dysfunction as a side effect. For the time being you could try a cock ring, I have a hardwear ice from myhardwear.com, find this gives me some great boners. If not try some PE exercises, get your blood flowing through your penis, try pegym.com could be a good place to start them. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi You missed one bit, does your g/f fill you inside her all strong and erect? Do you masturbate with a strong grip? if its yes then this is your problem, You need to retrain your penis, you do this by masturbating with a feather light touch and some baby oil, and after some time things should come back the feeling that is. A thing to remember is masturbating needs to mimic the vagina. But just keep of sex for 8 weeks, this will give your body a chance to reboot, then start this new masturbating, you could also start doing some jelqing, its an exercise you find on www.pegym.com by doing this it will get some extra blood down your penis, it will help with your erections, your find jelqing under exercises on pegym, also try doing some kegels, its a simple exercise, this will help pump blood down your penis as well. Now if you get all this going in say 3 months things mat start to get better, there is no quick fix to your problem, but time. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Ok for one it could be a long haul back to good boners. For one watching porn and masturbating to it will shut down your sexual receptors, and in turn stops you getting good erections. But the break your on is good start back if things go to plan, your first goal should be 8 weeks of no sex, no porn, no masturbating or any sexual contact, by doing this your starting to reboot your sexual side of your body, if at 4 weeks your getting nocturnal erections along with morning woods if that's working you know your on the mend and you just carry on to week 8, but you really need to do the 8 weeks. But if things are not yet doing that good just do 4 more weeks and so on, some guys over on pegym are still not back there yet, but I have said it is or could be a long haul, its just a time thing, and as they say time heals all. OK you and porn why your doing this, it could be a time to clean all the porn sites out of you computer, clean out any downloads, get rid of any discs, get a friend to open you parental child lock for porn and lock porn out of it, they keep the pass word. OK if you think you still need some help, over on franktalk my screen name is now, NOWHARD, yes put the W in, yes have had ED. If you googel these titles you could find some help. DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE, DAILY INTAKE NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED, PART 2 Look I'm not pushing these, there, there if you need the help, it worked for me, and your find I do use a hardwear ice cock ring, get some real good boners. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you look up his drugs, try adding erectile dysfunction on the end, like you google drug name, side effect erectile dysfunction, and see what come s up, but antidepressant's do have a bad side effect of ED, mussel relaxers, again you should find can bring on ED. So see how you get on, ED is not a good thing, it can wreck marriages, but hope you can both work through it, but at least your getting some sex. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes its his meds that are no doubt giving him his problem, but there many ways of overcoming his HPB without drugs, now if you go to www,cayennepepper.info, you will read that this may not bring his blood pressure down but it will clear away the plaque in his blood, so that will bring him one step closer to bringing it down. Now the next step is to google natural ways out of hpb, your find lots of ways for help, even meditation will help, now these are all drug free ways of doing this, so with this he should start getting his erections back, an for you and him a happy sex life is back. Its OK, I do know what having ED can do, I have a mild one that comes and goes, so it plays havoc with our sex lives, but I do get the odd good weeks, so those do count. Do hope this helps you, these may help, www.franktalk.org, pegym has a ed forum.www.pegym.com .www.affriadtoask.com has an ED forum and www.ed-guider.com is some were else to go, and if you can find it WebMD has a Ed forum, so lots of places you can find help, even if its only little bits, but its all these bits that form the big picture. Do hope all this helps. Good Luck  Hi Found you this piece of info on www.drugs.com. Erectile dysfunction is not a known side effect of Claritin D. But it would make sense as pseudoephedrine in the Claritin D shrinks blood vessels, and although it is a drastic side effect, it could easily cause erectile dysfunction. For an erection to happen blood vessels need to be dilated (not shrinked). I'm sure this effect if reversible if you don't take Claritin D. So just don't take any more and find something else, but don't know how long it will take for it to go off, all you can do is keep trying, just keep getting your g/f over, she should be able to help get it up and stay that way. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So all of the above yes, well the smoking can do that whether its 5 a day or 20 a day this depends on your body make, same goes with smoking of drugs,, and the same with fast and junk foods, body make up. So you dont masturbate then? never watch porn? never masturbate to porn? never masturbate with a tight grip? do you do any of this last four questions. Please come back with your answers, just come back through answer this, OK Just need to know, its for your help.  Hi Your problem could stem from Pyronie's Disease , Your find this is when plaque forms a scar tissue inside your penis. Best you see you uro or you can google Pyronie's Disease and the hour glass penis. Good Luck  Hi, Apart from getting your testosterone checked out, there are things like, To little sleep. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Meds, for depression, diabetes. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Self image. Low libido. Low testosterone. High Testosterone. All these are sex killers, and not forgetting we are what we eat, so fast and junk foods are out, soft drinks are not good, but you could try jelqing, as this will help to get blood flowing down your penis, for this just google pegym, on there under exercises your find jelqing, but don't rush or push the program, take you time and just do as they say, these exercises have rules just stick to them or ED could get you. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Do I take that this is what you had? What is a posterior lumbar interbody fusion (PLIF)? Posterior lumbar interbody fusion (PLIF) is a traditional approach to spinal fusion surgery. It is an operation performed on the lower back to remove an intervertebral disc and join two or more spinal bones (vertebrae) together using screws and a cage. Then below is the side effects. What are the specific risks of a PLIF? Generally, surgery is fairly safe and major complications are uncommon. The chance of a minor complication is around 4 or 5%, and the risk of a major complication is 2 or 3%. Over 90% of patients should come through their surgery without complications. The specific risks of a PLIF include (but are not limited to): Fail to benefit symptoms or to prevent deterioration Worsening of pain/weakness/numbness Infection Blood clot in wound requiring urgent surgery to relieve pressure Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leak: this risk is much higher in revision (re-operation) surgery Surgery at incorrect level (this is rare, as X-rays are used during surgery to confirm the level) Blood transfusion Injury to bowel or abdominal blood vessels when the disc is being removed Screw and/or cage breakage, movement, or malposition, sometimes requiring further surgery Recurrent nerve compression Nerve damage (weakness, numbness, pain) occurs in less than 1% Paraplegia (paralysed legs) Incontinence (loss of bowel/bladder control) Impotence (loss of erections) Chronic pain (may require further surgery) Failure to fuse (pseudoarthrosis) Adjacent segment disease (deterioration of the disc above or below) Now as you can see it gives you lose of erections, do you get anything? Can you get a semi erection? Or is it total lose?  Hi He could have a trapped vein, this could be the reason, he needs to see his surgeon and take it from there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi My first question would be just how much have you been masturbating before this, some of the things your talking about are side effects or over masturbating. You can see how just not masturbating for a couple of days, how the head aches are going. Now if you want to get better, the thing would be to take an 8 week break from masturbating and any sexual contact, around week 4 you should start to get nocturnal erections back along with morning woods. As this carriers on you still do not masturbate, till you have done the 8 weeks, what this is doing is rebooting your system, your body is a great healer if you let it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Seems you may have got away from having a penal fracture, but for now try icing it, by doing this it will bring in more blood this will help the healing. Just give your penis a break for a couple of weeks, no sexual contact and no masturbation, it will help in the long run. But one thing to keep at the back of your mind, as men we get just one penis, break it you wont get a new one. So please just take a break. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi If your on statins for your high cholesterol, then that's were your problem is, taken statins is a sex killer,, so this could be your problem. As for taste being bitter, well statins and your taste buds, they can make your taste buds go either way, now if your taste buds are off, then this will affect the taste of your semen. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Ben, If you have an ED problem, then try this, its worked for me, I have four post on franktalk, al on what I take and when and how. or you can jus google them ok, try this, DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE, same again but add, DAILY INTAKE, NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS and NOHARDS HERB LIT FOR ED, PART 2, and on there you will now see me as NOWHARD, I believe its all down to getting our blood right, which if you read the links, that's what most of them will do for you, now you can try my mix or just add or subtract as you feel. But if you can get semi erect, then give the cock ring a try. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like somebody could do with a good clean out, or shot your load, that could be the reason your getting these sensations. Good Luck  Hi Go to www.pegym.com, and under exercises your find jelqing, jelqing your find if you read up on site is a way of getting your penis straight, but its not a quick fix, it will take time but works. But now a warning, you just do as the program says, you don't push or try and rush things, these exercises have rules, if you don't follow them you could end up with ED and you wont want that. But as you will see lots of guys do it, you can see the pictures on site on how guys are doing or have done. Hope it works for you. Good Luck  Hi Found these answers on a forum, health boards.com, they should help you. Having a catheter in your penis actually doesn't prohibit the body from getting erections. You can still get an erection and for all intent and purpose you can still orgasm. The tube is generally made of silicon or rubber and is easily bent! Otherwise, you would have trouble putting it in! The end of the catheter would terminate in the bladder so that the bladder doesn't get full! If you were to orgasm, you would not clog the tube up as the holes in the catheter would be in the bladder, but you may have some discomfort as the semen, would just stop where the prostate gland and urethra meet just under the bladder neck. It would be reabsorbed though back over time into the body. So it would not get into the catheter. The only way semen would escape through the urethra would be if the tube were too small (thin) for the urethra! Hope this helps! Cheers Nurse_oz is a Registered Nurse who works in a Major Paediatric Hospital in Australia Answer Thanks Nurse Oz for the technical explanation and I can only think how uncomfortable and painful that would be to have the semen blocked so it couldn't be ejaculated and then have to wait for it to be reabsorbed! I still can't believe this guys doc didn't explain that to him. Answer Yes retrograde ejaculation is where the semen is forced back along the path it came. Over time it could certainly be harmful to your urethra and prostate. Unfortunately Lance, I am not overly surprised a GP didn't tell their patient about all effects of a catheter! Of course, we don't generally tell all our patients about masturbation if they have to have a catheter! Although most don't actually want to masturbate with one in!! Cheers Nurse_oz is a Registered Nurse who works in a Major Paediatric Hospital in Australia Hope this helps you and your problem Good Luck  Hi, Ok down below you will find a link, its got some great answers for you, which may point you in the right direction, I hope. But I would go and get a blood test done, reason to get your testosterone checked out, could be that or could be your thyroids playing up. The link, http://theonlinehospital.blogspot.gr/2007/08/blue-balls-and-erectile-dysfunction.html Ok over the last couple of years got my self out of ED, so do know what your going through, google these, DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE, same again but add, DAILY INTAKE, NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS and NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED, PART 2, one if you have a problem it could be your blood, getting your blood right will give you good erections, and by going this way, its not down to one herb, we need a mix, get it right, you can forget about Viagra and its brothers, because your be getting erections when you wont them, and not an hour after taken a pill. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well for one thing each man is different, But you could try jelqing, for this just go to www.pegym.com, look under exercises, you want jelqing for beginners, and this will help straighten your penis out, have a read around site, you find loads of info, and you can read how this has helped some guys, with a bit of luck you may increase you size. Caution, these exercises have rules, if you push or rush these exercises you could end up with ED, just keep to the program and your be OK. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  well like i said i've been too busy at the job so haven't masturbated in over a month .I noticed it when the morning wood started turning into morning rubber .  No, you don't need a therapist. I am post menopausal as well (41 years old and less than a year since my complete hysterectomy), and had a low sex drive. Talk to your GYN or Dr that performed your hysterectomy, and tell him/her about your lack of sex drive. I was given a testosterone cream I rubbed on my inner arm, my stomach and my leg every other day. (You have to alternate the area where you apply the cream, hence the three areas of the body.) for about 2 months. Then my sex drive magically appeared and has been fine ever since. If you aren't on hormone replacement for your estrogen, that may cause your low libido as well. Talk to your DR and bring your other half, because he doesn't seem to have a clue. Him hearing it from a doctor will (hopefully) make him understand that the problem isn't something you need a sex therapist for. It's just a chemical imbalance. Good luck.  Yes, some antidepressants and cardiac medications can interfere with sexual activity, so please discuss this openly with your doctor, since I do not know what meds are you are taking. The size of your penis should not be drastically changing, no more than your hands or feet getting smaller. It may seem that way if you are having erectile problems. This is another common male disorder that may be able to be rectified, but any use of ED meds will need to be prescribed by your doctor -- someone who knows your medical history, the medications you are taking, and can examine you.  It can. These drugs increase blood supply to the penis, and an orgasm does not instantly reverse the effects.  Guilt can cause some interesting side effects. I suspect you can achieve intercourse with your wife because you are comfortable with her, and marital relationships are appropriate. You may be having problems having sex with someone other than you wife because you have deep-down feelings of guilt or remorse about this forbidden relationship. There is not likely anything wrong medically with your penis, but since your penis is controlled by your brain, perhaps this is where you should focus. We all possess our own sense of right and wrong, so maybe your brain is trying to tell you something? Maybe if you asked your wife for permission to have sex with your girlfriend, things may be easier....or not.  The inability to achieve or maintain an erection could be medical or psychological, or both. Unfortunately, it would not be possible to determine a specific cause in your case based solely on the limited information you have posted in your question. My first inclination (no pun intended) would be to feel that his is a limited psychological response, perhaps due to some performance anxiety. If you can achieve an erection at other times, such as a morning erection or during masturbation, this would be the likely underlying cause. Nearly every man, at one time or another, will experience temporary erectile dysfunction. Alcohol use can be a factor, so you may want to consider giving it up for a while, until things improve. You did not mention using other recreational drugs, but cannabis, Ecstasy, and others have been implicated in temporary erectile dysfunction. If not, you will need to seek the services of a skilled medical professional to look for a medical explanation.  Try a different brand of condom. Some are thicker and less sensitive than others. Have a condom on during foreplay and get used to it. If you are losing your erection, just relax and allow your partner to help you out. It will most likely come back. They always do..... As you may know, there is nothing physically wrong with you or your condom use. This is just psychological. With a caring and understanding partner, your sexual exploits can last longer and actually be more interesting by repeatedly getting and losing an erection. Besides, there are many more ways to please your partner than with your penis. Don't stop using he condom (no matter what your confused brain is trying to tell you). Safe sexual practices are absolutely essential. Do not compromise.  You are experiencing a condition called Erectile Dysfunction (ED). There are many excellent medciations to rectify this problem. Because this issue is new to you and there can be some underlying medical reasons, it would be wise to see your medical provider or a urologist for a examination. Besides, ED meds are by prescription, so you will need to get one. If medications are not what you want, there are other erectile aids that can be used, so please talk to your medical provider. Both you and your wife will be pleased.  Give it a rest, my friend. The penis is like any other part of the body. It can become bruised (inside) and become sore with use. If you rubbed one of your fingers like that on a regular basis, I suspect you could get a sore finger! As you know, I cannot examine your sore penis over the Internet, so if your symptoms persist, you will need to have a visit with a medical provider, hopefully an understanding (male) provider who can provide you with some confidential advice. Because your penis is sore, limit your masturbation a bit until your symptoms improve. You can still achieve self-pleasure by being a bit more gentle with your tender part.  You need to see a urologist for a high-level medical evaluation. This cannot be solved over the Internet.  No...he is not likely getting sexually aroused. Little boys can have random erections all of the time (ask the big boy in your life!). Children get pleasure from being snuggled, so just snuggle him. If it creeps you out if he is interested in the feet, just say no. One of my kids liked to play with other people's earlobes when he was little. Just re-direct him or distract him away from those feet and I am he may give up this habit soon. You are wise not to embarrass him, so be tactful. If he turns out to be an adult with a foot fetish someday (not that uncommon), he will most likely do it private and not bother anyone. You will still love him anyway.  Not likely. If you were that critically-dehydrated, you would not be interested in intercourse at all.  Yes....you should be worried, and ashamed of yourself to put your girlfriend at risk. If you are having unprotected sex, even unplanned, unprotected sex, you are both taking the risk of pregnancy since penile secretions prior to an ejaculation can have sperm present. Use a condom and stop having risky sex play. If your girlfriend does not have her regular period, she will need to get a pregnancy test. If the pregnancy test is positive, your level of worry will take a new high.  Maybe, or you can try a different medication for erectile dysfunction (ED). Before adjusting your dosage, it is best to discuss this with your medical provider -- someone who knows you and your medical history. Your medical provider may give the okay to try a higher dose to test your erectile sustainability, or provide you with a trial of a different ED med to try. When it comes to medication responses -- ANY medication response -- it often takes a "trial of therapy".  If you are passed out...totally unconscious...I think it would be highly unlikely that you would achieve an erection or ejaculate while in this "coma".  Your testosterone levels are probably fine, but you can ask for a blood test to be sure. At age 22, testosterone levels tend to be raging, so your medical provider may discount your request to the test. The fact that you have some fatty breast enlargement (man boobs) does not imply you have a hormonal issue. Since breast tissue is primarily fatty tissue (in men), this is not a "red flag", but you will have to have your medical provider make that call. The amount of body hair, especially facial hair, a person has is usually genetically-determined. If you got a hairy parent, like Sasquatch, then expect to be hairy. If your genetics or ethnicity is one where facial body hair is less common, you may be more likely to follow that pathway. In my early 20's, like you, I had a tough time growing a decent mustache. I now have a full beard and hair growing out of my ears! Maybe, the same will happen to you.  I don't know your age...or the content of that on-line "prohormone" that you were taking. I also do not know anything about your medical history in order to make a patient-specific comment. If you have to wait four months to see a medical provider, get the wheels in motion...just in case. Unfortunately, I would have no idea when you will return to normal...the state before you took thse supplements.  As long as it is straight, this is NOT a defect. It is supposed to erect somewhat upwards to match the angle of the vagina.  Sexual excitation leading to an ejaculation is controlled in the brain , not the penis. The fact that you can continue to have sexual activity after ejaculation is really good, so that first "fast one" is really not that problematic (other than changing condoms). Yes, there are some special techniques you can employ to postpone ejaculation if you have a cooperative partner. A little research on the Internet for "premature ejaculation techniques" would likely provide you will ample information. No, there are not special foods that will increase your sexual stimina, but if you eat a lot of garlic, your partner is unlikely to have sex with you at all!  The penis has never been known for its beauty and appearance, so don't worry about the wrinkles, since only you are probably the only one seeing it. A sexual partner is more likely to see or experience the non-wrinkled version. There are not wrinkle-removers or penis-lifts, so it is what it is.....  Go directly to a urologist. This is the person that should be doing the complete evaluation of your ED and loss of penile sensation.  No, not likely. Your choice of underwear may be important if you are trying to conceive (testicles make more sperm when they are cooler). Most of the ejaculate is from the prostate, not the testicles, and underwear will not effect this organ.  You need to see a urologist. This dent may be a plaque and you may be getting a condition called Peyronie's Disease. Please get properly examined.  Masturbation is not harmful, and will not affect your ability to achieve or maintain an erection during sex. If you are having these issues associate with sexual activity -- your first sexual activity -- this could just be "stage fright" or performance anxiety. While there can be organic reason why a person could not achieve an erection, the fact that you are not having a problem with masturbation proves that the blood supply to your penis is adequate, the nerves are working, and all systems are "go". If (and when) you find a caring partner, try to relax and allow Nature to take its course when it comes to sexual activity. If you are still having problems, you may need to see a counselor to help you through this anxiety-provoking event. Many fears run through a man's mind when first-having sex: Will I be able to perform? Will I please my partner? Will something happen that will embarrass me? Will I get an STD? Many things.... Let sex "happen". Don't be anyone but yourself.  There are several natural remedies that claim to improve erectile dysfunction and you are free to try them if you want. Personally, I think they are ineffective, so if you really need help, ask your medical provider for a prescription. While the erectile dysfunction drugs are not "natural", they will work.  This can be a complicated issue, but yes, anxiety could be one of the major, underlying issues.....made worse over time. It would be in your best interest, as a couple, for him to see his medical provider first (to rule out any organic reasons), perhaps followed by some couple counseling. You may have to lovingly coerce him to do both.  I have no way to determine if you have permanent damage (since I can't examine you), but my guess would be that your body will heal. When? There is really no way to guess when this might happen. I would suggest that you see a urologist if this problem does not self-correct in a few more weeks of rest (not endurance cycling). It is okay to use it....  Usually, but that depends on the underlying medical reason for the erectile dysfunction.  Well, the downside to these products is that there are side effects. For example, men that have certain high blood pressure disorders are taking nitrate medications. If you mix these oral erection drugs with that, you can drop your blood pressure and have a serious complication. This is why men who take Viagra, Levitra and Cialis, if after having sex they have a heart attack, they have to tell the paramedics and ER doctors they have this product in their systems. Because one of the first things the doctors will want to do is put nitrates into their blood to stabilize their heart and their blood pressure. The combination can be deadly. There can be some visual disorders. One of the big side effects is that the drug really isnt being used correctly for many men. Theyre either not being given enough trials with it, it sometimes takes several doses before its effective, they try it once and they say its not going to work and theyll go try something else. The other thing is its become very recreational. A lot of guys who dont need it are taking it which raises some concerns. Why? Because its almost become the thing to do. You know, you take the drug and youre guaranteed a good erection. Well, if you had good erections before it probably wont help, but its just kind of a macho kind of a way of just kind of having fun. The other concern is that for most men that have true erectile dysfunction, thats a symptom of something far more serious, whether its diabetes, hormone problems, metabolic problems, vascular disorders. Thats an early warning sign. And by simply throwing Viagra, Levitra, Cialis at them and not addressing the cause, Im really doing them a lot of disservice. If its truly the first warning sign of potential coronary artery disease, I mean if its the first warning sign of coronary artery disease and you dont do the right workup, the guy may get great erections but he may have a heart attack in a year or two that could have been prevented. Its essential that you understand why it is you have erectile dysfunction. Some men just get it and thats the way that you are. But you want to make sure that theres nothing serious that youre missing.  if you get a persistent or painful erection, which is called priapism, you need to be seen right away. Believe it or not, its common enough that everyone in the ER will have seen it, theyll get you in. the doctors will first try to ice you up, hoping that they can chill it. Sometimes you can even squeeze the blood out and the erection will fade, and thats actually a good sign though it can be horribly painful. There are these phaso-dilators, medications that will allow the blood vessels to expand, to allow the blood to leave, they can have you inhale those and sometimes that works. If that doesnt work and the other techniques dont work, then usually the urologist will have to go in and actually extract the old, thick blood, causing the erection to go away, and sometimes put in some fresh fluids to try to get the old, sludging fluid to leave. We numb up the skin, put in a needle, and basically aspirate out, pull out the old thick blood thats no longer oxygenated, its just static and getting old. And that allows the erection to fade and usually in a very short time, men have resolution of the pain. The great thing about it is, the sooner you act, the better your chance for a normal sex life in the future. If you wait, and Ive seen some men that wait for 24 hours, then your risk for complications, permanent scarring, permanent damage, go way up.  Probably what happened is whats called a penile fracture. It really isnt a break like the break of a bone. But theres two chambers within the penis that hold the blood, the Corpora Cavernosa. And its a very thin-walled structure that becomes very distended, very tense, and thats where the rigidity of the erection occurs. In certain rare circumstances, the torqueing, the stretch on that is enough to pop and crack one of those chambers. Classically the man will experience severe, excruciating pain, sudden disappearance of the erection, horrible pain with blood, the penis will become purple, cracking sound, and close but almost excruciating pain, and thats a surgical emergency. They have to stop what theyre doing and go immediately to the emergency room. It may require surgical intervention. The risk of that is because of the risk of the scar from the healing of the tear, men can end up with curvature and even permanent impotence. The good news is its fairly rare, almost always occurs in very aggressive wild sex, usually women on top, what happens is the penis comes out, vaginal vault but goes back in and misses, hits the pubic bone in the woman, and thats enough for the organ to pop.  The problem with erections is that its supposed to be for most men mostly a sexual response. The blood flows in, more than the blood flows out, chambers fill up, you get an erection. If the erection lasts too long the blood in there is not changing, it starts to become old and it can become very, very painful and it becomes a true emergency. So an erection that does not fade away after a couple of hours or if it becomes painful you need to go to the emergency room. Now, guys arent going to want to do that. O walk in with this great erection, to say, I have this horrible erection, its been here for six hours. But the longer they wait, the more likely of having permanent problems. SL: What are the permanent problems? Permanent problems would be, inability to ever get an erection again. Or severe scarring. Cutting off the blood supply, you get scarring, irritation, inflammation, and that continues long after the priapism has resolved. Plus if you wait too long and we have to become aggressive with interventions, sticking needles in, that leads to scarring and leaking as well internally. If you have a persistent erection that does not resolve when it should, if it becomes painful, that becomes an emergency and should be seen. And if you delay, if you think it might go away, 3 or 4 or 5 hours later and it doesnt, then youre increasing your risk of having a permanent erection disorder. So, call your doctor, go to the emergency room, have it addressed right away.  ... It is very very normal if you are feeling stressed, worried, fatigued, anxious, pressured or guilty. Quit thinking with the head on your shoulders and things should work out just fine.  There is a huge difference between the medical grade pumps and rings and the cheap ones. I have known many patients to buy the cheap ones only to throw them away. Plus the constricting bands make a huge difference, and the quality of the medical grade is dramatically better and more comfortable. Plus, many insurance plans do pay for the prescription medical grade ones. ... As far as the medical treatments, it takes a run of about 6 tries for each med at that dose before you can call it a failure, and sometimes we try higher doses. Plus Cialis now has low dose daily that allows the medication level to get to correct levels rather than the peak and trough of occasional use. Plus, you should ask your urologist about penile injection therapy. I was just at the annual international urology meeting and read a paper where they showed that men continue to get their erection function back even up to and beyond 2 years! The sooner you get things going and then about 2 to 3 times a week will get your erections back better than occasional or rare use...it is called penile rehab....  You still have many good options for getting erections. You need to go talk to your urologist about the other choices. These include penile vacuum erection devices (work 100%, some don't like the prep or mechanicalness of it all), penile injection therapy (works great, some men love the results, does not hurt I am told, just have to learn what to do in a few office classes -- bring your wife), and yes, even penile implants (over 26 years never had a man not happy). Just because the easy stuff doesn't work doesn't mean you are done. And of course, why the ED? Be sure your primary doctor has done full battery of tests and a stress echo and checked out your carotid arteries. Often ED is the early warning sign of serious and even life-threatening problems such as artery blockage -- the kind that causes heart attacks and strokes.  You still have many good options for getting erections. You need to go talk to your urologist about the other choices. These include penile vacuum erection devices (work 100%, some don't like the prep or mechanicalness of it all), penile injection therapy (works great, some men love the results, does not hurt I am told, just have to learn what to do in a few office classes -- bring your wife), and yes, even penile implants (over 26 years never had a man not happy). Just because the easy stuff doesn't work doesn't mean you are done. And of course, why the ED? Be sure your primary doctor has done full battery of tests and a stress echo and checked out your carotid arteries. Often ED is the early warning sign of serious and even life-threatening problems such as artery blockage -- the kind that causes heart attacks and strokes.  Sounds like Peyronie's plaque. You need to see a urologist and ask about treatments to include Vitamin E therapy and injections of medications into the plaque. It can get worse and lead to ED and severe curvature.  This is common and may be from changes in stimulation, stress, fatigue, anxiety, guilt, pressure to perform, or anything where you start thinking or worrying. A penis cannot work well when a guy is thinking or stressed. That's just the way it is. So maybe ... add some additional stimulation along the way.  Excess alcohol can mess with erections as can tobacco. Plus, stress, fatigue, anxiety, worry, performance pressures, guilt, fear -- pretty much anything involving your thinking can block erections. If you have never had good erections it could be hormonal or other medical problems, so you should talk to a urologist for a basic evaluation.  It seems to point downwards when the erection happens.  All those meds you are taking can have a direct affect on your problem. Man don't be embarrassed to talk to your doctor, that's what he's there for. He comes across these issues daily. I have 2 sons in their 40s who have to take testosterone shots every week because there levels are low, which affects their performance. That may be something you could talk to the doc about. Just tell him to check your levels, no big deal.  Cool thanks, because im stressin hard about somethin.. But during sex i wasnt even thinking about it at all. I heard dehydration could cause "Acute flacidness".. But im looking for more than just word of mouth.  By the way i asked the question. Lol  The condition itself is known as priapism. Its defined in clinical terms as an erection that lasts four hours or more without sexual stimulation. When priapism occurs, blood that is sent to fill the penis becomes trapped, causing the erection to remain without relief. Not only can this be extremely painful, if not treated early on it can result in scarring inside the penis, and sometimes, permanent erectile dysfunction. Treatment can be as simple as applying ice packs, or may involve injecting the penis with medications, or removing blood from the penis to reduce pain and swelling. Occasionally, surgery is necessary to restore proper blood flow and drainage.  Masturbation is not normal, its a sin, if your really in to chatolic religion and your serious about it then you want to stay away from masturbation as much as you can becuase the devil is slick and that can be your dow. Fall in having sex before being married so what i sugest to you is that you can start looking fowered to dating a guy that is fully comided to the word of god and maybe in the future god can revile your marrige with him and you could bond the body of christ between that realationship ok may god bless you all ways and stay in prayer, god will give you what you ask for ok :)  Symptoms of erectile dysfunction include being unable to: Have an erection most of the time. Maintain an erection firm enough for sexual intercourse. Maintain an erection long enough to complete sexual intercourse. Even with an erection problem, a man may still have sexual desire and be able to have an orgasm and to ejaculate. they can affect your self-image, sex life, and relationship. http://www.consumerhealthdigest.com/male-enhancement-product  If you haven't had any erectile dysfunction in the past and don't have any underlying blood conditions or health problems, I'd say this is likely due to wear and tear from vigorous sexual activity and should heal in a few days. Abstain from sexual intercourse (including masturbation) and if it's really painful, treat it like an injury--possibly ice it if you note any swelling. Should your symptoms persist or alter, contact your physician. If the situation becomes painful, seek emergency care.  First off, I know this is embarrassing, and it's tough for many men to find resources for things as personal and intimate as ED. While I'm not certain about drug interactions--this should be a question for your family physician or health care professional--I do know that blood pressure meds and antidepressants can effect normal erectile function. This is an issue my spouse and I have come across, since he is on both. To be sure, you should talk to your doctor--or any physician you feel comfortable with, if speaking to your regular doctor is not something you're willing to do--about the drugs you're on and see what's potentially conflicting here. I also understand that it's very tough to approach sex when you've had occasions where you can't reach climax or maintain an erection. It makes you feel frustrated and maybe even insecure as a lover. As the partner of someone who has faced such difficulties, I sympathize, and I know you're not alone! I'm sure your wife would be a welcome support if you discussed your concerns with her, and if you reassure your wife that it is nothing to do with her level of attractiveness--presumably if you've been married thirty years, you're attracted to her and know her very well, both emotionally as well as intimately. While you're sorting out some of these other medical issues, you could engage in other sexual activity that is pleasurable for both of you that doesn't involve penile penetration, such as hand-to-genital contact, oral sex, massage, or simply cuddling. This would probably go a long way in both satisfying your wife's sexual needs as well as letting her know that she is both desirable and secure in your relationship. For me, it helped a lot to try to make my partner feel relaxed as well as sexually desired. The more pressure we put on him to maintain an erection or to achieve orgasm, the more difficult our sexual encounters became, and the more distance it put between us.  yes  Could it be stress related? Sex is so mental... might be that you are psyching yourself out. You have to be able to relax around the girl and not think about being scared that you can't get an erection. If you do that, then you probably won't be able to. Sex is also about communication. So if you can tell the girl what you like and don't like, it might help. Remember, girls are not mind readers (as much as we sometimes think we are :) ).  My husband had this issue, and as a woman I thought it was something I was doing or me in general. He had been under alot of stress we spoke with a Dr. about it matter of fact a couple Drs. and they all said that stress could lead to holding or getting an errection. He switched jobs and to be honest everything got ALOT better...lol I hope this helps.  Generic Viagra aka Sildenafil. Comes in three different doses.. 25mg, 50mg. and 100mg. You are taking the maximum recommended. And with some facial flushing I would not recommend increasing your dosage. Take it about 1 hour before any sexual activity. There are other side effects if you go over the recommended dosage. Like light headed, and being dizzy. etc,etc. If you are going to think about going over 100mg. Be sure and ask your Dr. that give it to you first.  I am not an MD. My mother has worked in medical field for 25 years. If you don't have ED you should never take ED treatments as it may cause an erection lasting 4 hours or more which is an extreme medical emergency. If you do have ED I can't imagine it'll give you multiple erections but what do I know....  Could be due to desensitization, if he masturbates often with a strong grip.  this is for you http://2060bfqflkim8q1o40uihdv-93.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=PREGNANCYMERACLE  MAYBE its psychological due to overwhelming feelings of guilt caused be being a loser SCUMBAG  Um.... My guess is puberty kiddo. Wear loose pants and wash your hands.  I'm not a trained/experienced professional; however I can relate with your situation. I can offer information that I have read over the years from books written by professionals; i.e. their interpretations as per various scenarios; on the 'conscious' level or rooted in the sub-conscious.. Such as --- (1) The male person harboring resentment and not wanting to please his mate. (2) Due to religious upbringing, one may view 'intercourse' as a method of creating children 'only', according to one's religious understanding. (3) Another possibility, is that man may subconsciously views 'intercourse' as a method of causing the female - harm. That is interpreting that one's Penis is a weapon of sorts. One method of testing yourself --- (4) Discretely utilizing the 'services' of a paid (clean) prostitute. This may open up your mind, if you are successful with intercourse, that you may be angry at your mate for some underlying reason. Then I would recommend you seek appropriate / licensed help and find out 'why'.  Have your Doctor check out all your medications to make sure that one or a combination of medications is causing the problem with your erection.  I agree with NoHard. Get over this period of stress, relax and things will get back to normal. I've been married many, many years and I can recall periods when I have been worried about performance. It has always been related to stress: workplace or family. Remember that in most cases, sexual difficulties arise in the top of the skull NOT between your legs.  Just because your girlfriend knows about your wife doesn't make the guilt go away. If your wife doesn't know, I think it has a lot to do with your subconscious guilt. My boyfriend was cheating on me, and he couldn't get an erection, for me. So I think it has to do with guilt, regardless of the use of an enhancer.  I would recommend a snap gauge which is cheap and will determine if erectile dysfunction is your problem by using a rubberband like material around your shaft while you sleep and if you have an erection, the band snaps ensuring that you do not have a problem. There also are pills that help and one called l-arginine which is an amino acid (protein) that increases the nitric oxide levels which opens up your veins and capillaries and can be effective when taking 5 grams a day and has been proven to help with erections. There are many other pills such as Cialis and Viagra that are effective. You should see a doctor for a proper diagnosis and prescription. Hope this helps.  @NoHard: I don't feel pain during the day, it is only when I am erect. The pain is from the tip but really just hurts all the way down. I can still orgasm, and doesn't hurt when I do but, is painful to the touch. A few months ago, I did have prostitus ( sorry for the spelling ) and had to go to the urologist several times to "milk" me.. To top it off, was tested a few months ago for STD's and was told that I had herpes. I've never had a breakout that I know of? but, do have the medicine for it. On occasion I'll just take it, because the fear of breaking out scares the hell out of me. I would really like to go to a dr. and just get all the tests done, and have an definitive answer as to what all is going on but, it is extremely expensive and for an out of work person.. is tough. So, I have got to make sure I am going to the right doctor the first time. Thank You!  I'm a female but why would you have unprotected sex with anyone. Are You crazy or what. do you not see what sexually transmitted diseases can do to you for the rest of your life. Grow up or stop having sex with a partner...  Blood flow and pressure are important for erections. CHF and HBP both are suspects.Ask your health professional if there is some way to control those 2 conditions. Some meds can help "at the site". A discussion with your health professional may be enlightening  It is the same concept. Blood rushes to the clitoris which makes it enlarge. The clitoris is also known as a "mini penis."  Erection problems may be the inability for the erection to be maintained or sustained for a period of time to achieve intercourse. It may also be the inability to achieve an erection entirely.  your problem is psychological whenever you involved fully into it with your fantasy which you like most it will help you to get a strong erection and orgasm too  check your cholesterol and sugar level. these are the main cause for erectile dysfunction  You might get your testosterone checked. It happens. My husband has had low T forever and I just found out my 24 year old son has extremely low testosterone(he is smoker as well) Hereditary??  There is defiantly nothing wrong with you. My son is10 and starting the early signs of puberty, hair growth in new areas and such. Being 14 you are just about to hit the peak of puberty for boys which is about 15, so your penis will continue to grow and and your body will start to develop more in the months to come.  um...thats called cum.... hahaha stop being a virgin..  HI YOU REPLYED TO MY QUESTION IVE always master bated tog ay porn and never had any problem straight porn actually turns me off but if im onist as a kid I use to master bate 7 9 times and as I started getting to 15 of curse ive decreased in the amount I master bate and its really not like me because now im doing it arther 1 a day or that's it or non and this is since my well ex now ever since ive noticed problems what I mentioned you know struggle ing to stay hard when I master bate m hard to cum today I had inter curse with my new partner and everything was working more than grate I got home and master bated because I dident cum with my partner and I stru gled to cum but when I did I also noticed recently a difference with my cum it use to be thicker white m you know normal and recently its well as I said I master bated and when I cumed it was runny like it had been there like 5 min its when it was ent the white bits were different aswell not yellow slightly white ...... I don't know I mean I know its not nervs because when I did stuff with my new partner I had no problem for a change .... ;/ im not shure what to do im thinking a bout going to get tested at a sex clinic but I don't really want to inless I have to if I new some kinda information I wouldent have to go there and ask the question im asking here ;/  Yes you need that badly.  idk if its your hands per say i only know if you do too much mas... its likely to happen you gotta let your lil friend get his normal feeling back .. it happens to women also dont worry just give him a rest ... hope this helped id say a week or so  Personally, I would get a second opinion. I'm sure that he was right that your prostate was ok but he didn't elaborate into any of the other symptoms or give you any sort of possible explaination. If you feel that he often pushes you out of the office, it may be best to find a different doctor. Feel free to ask when you make an appt how long the doctor allows for each patient, then pick one who takes a longer time with their patients. Until you see a doctor again, make sure you are getting enough fiber in your diet. Fruits, vegetables, and whole grains will make having a bowel movement much easier. Good Luck!  In the recent past i have issues with proper erection during intercourse.  I only have a partial erection about 80%. what can i do to get a complete erection. my sex drive is very active.  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  fag  masturbation is normal  same age. 1/3 of a cialis will make me so hard a cat couldn't climb it but it takes away some of the sensation. also when in the mood to thoroughly please the woman i physcologically drive away the finish.  if you are sexually aroused, there's a valve that shuts off urine flow and makes it impossible to urinate during sex. if you are not aroused, then you need to see a urologist about your possible enlarged prostate. mine has been enlarged since my twenties. when you first have the urge to urinate, don't wait. the longer you hold it, the more it hurts. blood pressure meds help as does flomax  Hi! I am 31 years old. Premature ejaculation is more common than you think. up to 40% of all males experience this in their life-time. I personally overcame my issues with premature ejaculation by following these very helpful tips. If interested, please click here: http://www.buy-duramale.com I hope it helps you as well as it did for me.  See a Md about this. the symptoms are realted to herpies simplex. avoid intercoure untill checked.  From what I've read, nocturnal erections can occur in people who have weak day-time erections. I think nocturnal erections are more reflexive, whereas waking arousal is dependent on sexual stimuli and our ability to consciously respond to it. If you remember your teen years, you used to get "nocturnal" erections in the day time, too, but you probably called them "surprise boners" because they always happened at inconvenient times.  