Thyroid problems  I don't believe it would if you only do it a few times, but if you keep doing it on a regular basis, that would be cause for concern as it can lead to anorexia and other health issues. Remember that your body needs the recommended daily dose of calories to stay healthy and fight off infections and to continue functioning properly.  My opinion, it has to do with the fact that you just strenuously exercised the muscles in your legs and with going to bed right after, you didn't give your muscles proper time to relax with a good stretching period after your workout. They are probably cramping and tightening up. I would suggest you try to hydrate before, during, and after, your workout and give yourself a good 10 minute stretching cool down before heading to bed.  HAs he been tested for asthma? His weight sounds like it may be affecting his daily life . Poor buddy , no kid should not be able to play and run -    2,000 calories on average  I'm referring to running along with strength training or cardio such as Zumba.  The whole idea of having heart stents done is to allow you to lead a full and active life. It is very common for patients who have had heart surgery to be afraid to engage in normal activities. One excellent way to get back into an exercise program is through cardiac rehabilitation. Cardiac rehab, as it is often called, is a customized program of exercise and education. Many programs involve not only monitored exercise, but also provide nutritional counseling, emotional support, and education about lifestyle changes to reduce your risk of heart problems. If cardiac rehab is not appropriate or possible, then discuss your specific exercise goals with your doctor. Physical activity is so important for your wellbeing. A physical exercise program should incorporate 4 basic types of exercises. The exercises should include: aerobic exercise, muscle strengthening, flexibility, and balance. An adult should spend at least 30 minutes in aerobic exercise on five or more days of the week. But this is a minimum amount and more is definitely better. The good news is that is doesnt have to be done all at once. Three 10 minute walks are just as good as one 30 minutes walk. Depending on your other health issues, you will want to pick an aerobic exercise that doesnt cause problems elsewhere in your body, such as your joints. That is why swimming, bike riding, and walking work better for many adults rather than running. Weight lifting is another important part of an exercise program. Woman especially benefit by weight training in maintaining strong bones. Yoga is a wonderful way to work on flexibility and balance. Yoga not only helps with these elements, it can reduce your stress levels. But research has shown that exercising alone cant wipe out the damage done if you sit all day long. Humans were not designed to be as sedentary as modern life now dictates. It is important to move throughout the day to be really healthy. Obviously diet and weight are also key elements in your recovery from cardiac stent surgery. Consulting with a dietician is very helpful in learning to eat healthy. Keeping a diary of all the foods that you eat for 3 days or more can also be enlightening. Taking off those extra pounds if you are overweight and watching your cholesterol intake needs to be on your program. We know from research studies on obese patients who were at risk for diabetes, that losing 5% to 7% of their total body weight, delayed and possibly prevented diabetes. Diabetes is a major risk factor for heart disease as is high blood pressure and small amounts of weight loss can significantly improve your health. You dont have to look like a model to be healthy. So ask your doctor for specific recommendations to help you on your way to a healthier lifestyle.  I have the same symptoms. I feel its closer to the bronchitis side of things because of the clear mucus I cough when I am not riding. I am able to comfortably take my heart rate over 160, but I still have a cough which lasts for weeks after an upper respiratory tract infection (generally also involving the sinuses. I also get the odd drainage from my sinuses after/during a hot shower, for example, which seems to clear them.    not sure what the answer is, but try to roll your foot on an icecold can of pop or the like; back and forth, gently rolling. helped me quite a bit.   No, I dont think it`s wise to do this especially if you wash it with hot/warm water-- leaves the skin dry.  Many times some common symptoms for a particular disease (like hypothyroidism) share those same symptoms with other disorders. Fatigue, low libido, and weight gain can be signs of many physical and emotional irregularities. After two years of thyroid testing being within normal limits, it is time to look elsewhere for answers. Based upon your symptoms, I recommend that you seek a referral to be evaluated by an endocrinologist. Some common endocrinology related problems can be associated with your symptoms such as Pituitary Disorders, Graves Disease, and Cushing's Syndrome. I am sure that you want to feel better. Therefore, in this faced paced rat race of today's world, please do not eliminate stress, anxiety, and depression as possible causes for your negative symptoms.  I suggest that you discuss your diet objectives with a physician and also your significant other. Your doctor has had positive experience in knowing what diets work and which diets usually do not work. They also will know what is the best diet for you as an individual. Your medical professional is in partnership with you to ensure dietary efficacy and safety. Your significant other in life is also probably your best friend, will be a cheerleader in your corner, and most likely will offer you the motivating support system that is routinely missing with most diets. The diet that boasts the greatest statistical success is probably "Weight Watchers". Counting points is relatively easy, the food is easy to obtain, and online supports are built into the dietary system. Do not skip meals, drink plenty of water, and negotiate rewards for yourself (such as new clothing) upon reaching pivotal goals. If you have a dietary setback, don't let it be your reason to throw in the towel. As the old Chinese Proverb suggests.. "Fall down 7 times; get back up 8 times."  At 65 years of age, welcome officially to the senior citizen club.Actually, by today's standards, you're still a relatively young person. Here are my recommendations to lower your blood pressure: 1. Follow-up with your physician to have your blood pressure taken by a medical professional. 2. During your visit with the doctor, please discuss your B/P concerns. It is likely that a change in your medication types and/or dosages may be necessary. 3. You personally can be proactive in controlling your high blood pressure by: - Following all doctor recommendations, - Reduce stress in your life, - Maintain a positive outlook on life, - Surround yourself with upbeat people, - Take your medications faithfully as directed, - Practice positive sleep hygiene by going to bed at the same time each evening and being ready to sleep.Shoot for 8 hours of uninterrupted sleep each night. - Eat a diet that is low in fat and sodium, but rich in nutrients, - Drink plenty of water, - Keep alcohol intake to a minimum, - Consider volunteering to help a homeless organization, community soup kitchen, or local hospital, - Consider worshipping regularly at the church, synagogue, or masque of your choice, - Consider enrollment in some neighborhood classes to enrich your life such as creative writing, beginning French, art appreciation, or dance. You'll be around other folks, secure new friendships, and experience a fun activity, - If you can walk,formal exercise may be replaced with a couple of trips around the block. Don't forget to stop and smell the flowers, pet the neighborhood dogs, and talk with neighbors for some good old conversation. Ask your doctor if walking is an acceptable activity for you based upon your heath condition. - If you are a smoking person, please take steps to stop. As you can see, there are plenty of actions that you may employ to control your blood pressure and ultimately to live a longer, more healthy, and more pleasurable life.  Those last 10 pounds always tend to be the most difficult to lose. Walking seems like a reasonable compromise in order to reach your weight goal. As you know, losing weight is best accomplished through reducing calories and increasing activity level. An online diet calculator reports that a one (1) mile brisk walk should burn about 100 calories. Given the 5 mile scenario, that translates into burning off 500 calories during your walk. That same diet calculator suggested that a person taking in 1,800 calories per day would have to reduce their caloric intake by roughly 500 calories per day in order to lose one (1) pound per week. The numbers seem to work. Best wishes for your success.  I used a weight calculator program to arrive at the below listed daily numbers: To maintain your current weight- Calories: 1,767 Carbohydrate: (55%) 972 Protein: (15%) 265 Fat: (30%) 530 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- To Lose one (1) lb. per week Calories: 1,267 Carbohydrate: (55%) 697 Protein: (15%) 190 Fat: (30%) 380 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- To Gain one (1) lb. per week Calories: 2,267 Carbohydrate: (55%) 1,247 Protein: (15%) 340 Fat: (30%) 680 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please Note: ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------   Phentermine is a central nervous system appetite suppressant. It has properties similar to an amphetamine. This medication is generally prescribed for a period not to exceed 2-3 weeks to control weight gain along with diet and exercise. Your yo-yo results may be a result of taking the medication over a 5 week period. You may also be experiencing a counter-intuitive side-effect of having increased hunger. At any rate, the doctor who prescribed the medication should be contacted. You should not attempt to increase, decrease or stop phentermine by yourself as serious side-effects symptoms may occur. Here is the positive news: During the last 10 years your weight was pretty constant at 150 lbs. to 155 lbs. Based upon having a medium built along with your sex, height and age, the range of ideal weight for you should be 126lbs. to 154 lbs. The suggested mean weight for you is 140 lbs. That tells me that you were doing well with your weight prior to becoming injured. Here are my suggestions:   Many factors must be considered before starting your exercise program your overall health including cardiac and lung functioning to name a couple. Your knee replacement is also a relevant factor in determining exercise suitability. For example, my wife is being treated for congestive heart failure and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. She is also looking to lose some weight and had a full knee replacement done in June 2013. Her orthopedic surgeon recently ordered more physical therapy in response to knee pain and some range of motion limitations. After you are cleared medically, perhaps a licensed physical therapist could customize an exercise program that would address your knee replacement specifically. The up side of this plan is that your knee will be strengthened and your body as a whole will benefit. Additionally, the physical therapist will act as a cheerleader to support your exercise goals. Any exercise directed at the knee should be a justifiable as a billable treatment in the eyes of most insurance companies. My wife is riding a stationary bicycle, doing knee squats, has weights wrapped around her knee area while elevating the leg, and walking using the parallel bar platform. These exercise techniques can also be employed at home with the number of repetitions and endurance being gradually increased. Swimming is also a great exercise that should not have negative consequences in response to your knee replacement. These are my recommendations :( 1) Discuss your weight loss desire with your family doctor. Perhaps he or she will recommend a great diet to kick start your weight loss program and clear you medically for an exercise program,(2) phone your orthopedist and ask for a physical therapy referral to strengthen your knee,(3) call your medical insurance provider to find an approved physical therapy company in your living area. The process of losing weight after knee replacement is an obtainable goal through diet and exercise. Your success will probably be measured in small incremental steps. Remember, as a Chinese Proverb states, A long journey starts with the first step." Best wishes for your success.  The growth plates closes in most humans somewhere in the range of 13 years to 22 years of age. Since you are 20 years old and your father is also 5'2", your maximum height has probably already been reached. The honest truth is that 5' 2" is an acceptable height. The laws of genetics sometimes provide for traits that can vary greatly from sibling to sibling. In my own family, there were six (6) boys. Three of them had brown colored eyes while the other three (3) had green eyes. Blood types were also evenly divided between O and A. Two (2) of the brothers were five (5") inches taller than the other four (4) brothers. You can see a endocrinologist about any recent developments in the field of growth. This specialist in diagnosing and treating hormonal issues, may assess your height and make recommendations based on current medical science. HGH is a drug that is available used to treat children who are short of stature. My last remembrance is that the FDA has not granted approval for HGH to be prescribed for adults unless they have some other acceptable medical condition besides the short stature condition. This medication also comes with many potential side effects and can cost between $10,000.00 and $30,000.00 for treatment. It may not seem fair right now to be 5'2" at 20 years old. But most other people don't really care about that one (1) physical trait. As times goes by and your comfort level as an adult increases, you'll also feel very comfortable with being 5"2" tall.  Losing weight is a challenge. Although it seems that you're doing every right, your body thinks that it's being starved and goes into a metabolic slowdown. I suggest the "Weight Watchers" website as a good place to start your dieting process anew. Their website has meal planning and dieting hints. The cost to join is reasonable and all tasks necessary to be successful can be accomplished on-line. Their foods are available in most larger supermarkets and have literally hundreds of food choices. Weight Watchers has a point system assigned to different foods which makes even dining out in restaurants possible. Books, new and used, are available on- line for Weight Watcher (including books that detail point values for many foods) to ensure that you're following the program correctly. I have no personal interest in Weight Watchers except to share the best dieting information that is available. Of all the major diet plans, Weight Watchers consistently has the highest satisfaction ratings. Even my doctor, whom I have known for 25 years, recommends Weight Watchers to his patients. As far as pills and medications go, most seem to be just fads that ultimately fail the dieting individual. One newer supplement, Garcinia Cambogia, shows some promising results from anecdotal accountings by its users. - Your exercise time seems to acceptable for weight loss and ultimate weight maintenance. I would obtain some information on exercising to lose weight through books and pamphlets available on - line. Even though you're investing what appears to be the correct time to exercising, it is important to do the exercises that will work best for your dieting objectives. Walking is a great way to burn calories. Walking also has the additional benefits of viewing spring flowers, the sky, and the birds. Don't forget to stop and talk with the neighbors. It is therapeutic to forge new friendships that will support your dieting program. - My first step before starting any dieting program would be to receive medical clearance and recommendations from my doctor. - You may also consider joining a support group to bolster your knowledge about dieting and hear success stories from other people just like us that lost weight. It can be done.  Update: I haven't ever been to a doctor to be diagnosed with anything, but I do believe I am depressed to some extent. I am pretty sure I am not sleeping well at night. I am pretty sure I am not getting the vitamins I need. I am still trying to figure out how to remedy this. Thanks for the suggestions :)  SOLVED: I was tired mostly because I am depressed. I went on 20mg Celexa, which almost completely fixed my exhaustion issue. Every now and then I will be unexplicably fatigued, but it has gotten a lot better.  i don't know if i have sleep apnea. i dont think i have ever been tested for it. i am an extremely deep sleeper, but every so often i do wake up once or twice in the middle of the night before my alarm wakes me up. i just figured that is because where i live is very noisy due to people speeding by, and other things (i'm basically in the city). normally, i don't often have disrupted sleep and i usually don't get woken up by anything during the night.  There are not any supplement that have been shown to reliably treat tendonitis. There are braces, NSAIDS, topical anti-inflammatories, physical therapy, and PRP (platelet rich plasma) injections that have been shown to work.  Thank you for the reply, Dr. Moser. Unfortunately, I am a member of the exclusive 'self-employed and too poor for insurance and make too much for welfare' category.  So if this is what the doctor has said, that you have a pulled muscle, and you have had no relief, it is time for the "second opinion" I had pain between my shoulder blades, did all the PT, meds, everything, come to find out, I had broken my neck in two places, C3 C5, not fun. I think I would get a new MRI or CT of the spine, neck, shoulder, other things could have changed or be damaged more by now, since you report no improvement. You can not function in pain. There is a reason for pain, its the body telling you SOMETHING is wronng. So go get another opinion, if you have to have a referral, just ask your doctor for one, NO BIG DEAL, he works for you, remember? "said the nurse" LOL seriously have it all checked again, something is def wrong. Blessings and Be well  Having type 2 diabetes means you need to make the time. Having a busy schedule is the norm for everyone. <?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p> <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p> </o:p> The insulin you take daily makes up for the little insulin that you produce. Metformin helps sensitizes your body and muscles to insulin. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> In people with diabetes, the only way to break and improve insulin resistance, and reduce your risk of heart disease and other complications, is by using muscles. Most any type of regularly performed physical activity will do. Find something you like , it helps increase the chance that you will stick to it. A buddy system for exercise also helps make you more accountable and less likely to miss out on the social, mental, and physical benefits of exercise. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> A combination of aerobic type exercise and weights, targeting core muscles, is something to aim for. Find an endocrinologist that is passionate about working with people that have type 2 diabetes. <o:p></o:p>  <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p> </o:p> Within the first few days of an injury ice can help the process of healing. Applying ice to injured tissue can cause blood vessels to shrink and this makes them less capable of releasing chemicals that lead to swelling, inflammation, and pain. After a few days, it probably best to apply heat to sore muscles. This makes muscle spasms less likely and relaxes injured muscles. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> However, because the events behind every injury are different speak with your doctor first.<o:p></o:p> <o:p></o:p>  I might suggest getting him a dog. Let him pick it out. It can be his friend and he should be responsible for the care. HE WILL THEN BE REQUIRED TO CARE FOR THE DOG BY WALKING IT 3 TIMES A DAY! IF HE DOESN'T HAVE A PET OR YOU CAN'T HAVE A PET SUGGEST TO HIM WALKING DOGS FOR MONEY FROM FRIENDS OR NEIGHBORS FOR MONEY. I WOULD ALSO SUGGEST YOU WALK DAILY AS A FAMILY! GET ALL THE JUNK FOOD OUT OF THE HOUSE. FIND AN INTEREST THAT HE HAS AND TRY TO INCORPORATE HEALTH AND WALKING INTO IT. HOPE THIS HELPS, GOOD LUCK!  Yes, you will keep losing. If the doctor fixes your overactive thyroid, with medication, you will not. There are benefits to having an overactive thyroid, but medically you must get it fixed for other reasons (the thyroid runs many functions in your body- not just metabolism). I would stay off the synthroid until I get to my goal body weight. JEALOUS!! The doctor would not like this answer though.  I say this all the time too. Then I started to write down EVERY single thing that went into my mouth. I was not eating as I thought. Try that. Also, only eat brown rice. You also need meat. Fruit, potatoes and rice have tons of sugar in them. It may be natural, but it still ends up as fat on your body. Try just lean meats, vegetables and high fiber carbs. Exercise is only 10% of weight loss. It is all about what you are eating. And you are not eating properly. Where is the calcium?? Eggs?? Yogurt??  I heard you are not supposed to do any exercises that require lying on your back after 12 weeks. I found that the bump started to get in the way even before that. I started doing ab exercises on all 4's or standing (though none of those felt like they worked as well as crunches.)  Hello Friend Generally it happen because of the low blood pressure and there a bunch of test that you prob need to take. talk to your doctor and see what he wants you to get done 						  Here are some relaxation exercises to try: Two-minute relaxation. Switch your thoughts to yourself and your breathing. Take a few deep breaths, exhaling slowly. Mentally scan your body. Notice areas that feel tense or cramped. Quickly loosen up these areas. Let go of as much tension as you can. Rotate your head in a smooth, circular motion once or twice. (Stop any movements that cause pain.) Roll your shoulders forward and backward several times. Let all of your muscles completely relax. Recall a pleasant thought for a few seconds. Take another deep breath and exhale slowly. You should feel relaxed. Mind relaxation. Close your eyes. Breathe normally through your nose. As you exhale, silently say to yourself the word "one," a short word such as "peaceful" or a short phrase such as "I feel quiet." Continue for 10 minutes. If your mind wanders, gently remind yourself to think about your breathing and your chosen word or phrase. Let your breathing become slow and steady. Deep breathing relaxation. Imagine a spot just below your navel. Breathe into that spot and fill your abdomen with air. Let the air fill you from the abdomen up, then let it out, like deflating a balloon. With every long, slow breath out, you should feel more relaxed.  Decreased physical activity, which may be the result of cancer or of treatment, can lead to tiredness and lack of energy. Scientists have found that even healthy athletes forced to spend extended periods in bed or sitting in chairs develop feelings of anxiety, depression, weakness, fatigue, and nausea. Regular, moderate exercise can decrease these feelings, help you stay active and increase your energy. Even during cancer therapy, it is often possible to continue exercising. In fact, research has shown that cancer patients who perform a moderate exercise routine have a better quality of life and better outcomes. Here are some exercise guidelines to keep in mind if you have cancer: Check with your doctor before beginning an exercise program. A good exercise program starts slowly, allowing your body time to adjust. Keep a regular exercise schedule. Exercising at least three times a week is optimal. The right kind of exercise never makes you feel sore, stiff, or exhausted. If you experience soreness, stiffness, exhaustion, or feel out of breath as a result of your exercise, you are overdoing it. Most exercises are safe, as long as you exercise with caution and don't overdo it. The safest and most productive activities are swimming, brisk walking, indoor stationary cycling, and low-impact aerobics (taught by a certified instructor). These activities carry little risk of injury and benefit your entire body.  Trading off [exercise time with a spouse] is a good idea. Something else you can do is incorporate exercise into your time with the kids. For me, playing catch or street hockey, bumping a volleyball or shooting hoops with my kids is a great way to have bonding time, playtime and exercise all in one. For younger kids, rolling around on the floor, dancing to music, or piggy back rides can be a workout as well. There's only so much time in a day and I can't always get up at 5:30 am for a "real" workout, so adding exercise to my everyday activities helps. It recharges and refreshes me. It's a great way to connect as a family.  Here is the complete list of side effects caused on taking Cephalexin 250mg - http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/drug-information/DR603067/DSECTION=side-effects, where its been stated that Muscle ache is a rare side effect on taking this medication  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  Exercise can be a very effective way to help treat or manage depression. To begin, find something that you enjoy and start out slow. Its important to set realistic goals and expectations too so that youre not setting yourself up for disappointment or failure. Developing a good, consistent exercise routine takes time, so dont overwhelm yourself by trying to do too much too soon. Above all else, dont be hard on yourself. Its very common for people to have lapses and setbacks as they begin to establish an exercise routine. Learn from your mistakes and try your best to move forward. Exercise is meant to be a very relaxing and pleasurable experience that can help ease your symptoms of depression. Have fun and enjoy!  I would recommend that you visit with your doctor before starting an exercise routine and to fill out a Physical Activity Readiness Questionnaire (PAR-Q), such as one found here: https://www.cmich.edu/fas/ras/urec/Memberships/Documents/Par_Q.pdf. The second question asks if you feel pain in your chest when you do physical activity, to which it suggests that you meet with your doctor. You may be able to do exercise as long as you start slowly and gradually build up or you may be restricted with the types of activities that you can do. You doctor will work with you to diagnosing any problems and guiding you with how you should approach physical activity.  You mention that you have a family history of high cholesterol, so you may just have a genetic predisposition to having high triglycerides and high LDL cholesterol. That doesnt mean, however, that you shouldnt try to do everything that you can through modifiable lifestyle behaviors, such as diet and exercise, to manage your levels. Some suggestions to lower your triglycerides and LDL cholesterol levels would be to:  Do cardiovascular exercise five times per week for thirty minutes or greater  Lose weight if you are overweight or obese according to BMI  Change dietary habits like reducing saturated and trans fat from your diet, cutting out sugar, getting more fiber, getting more omega-3 fatty acids, and drinking less alcohol if you drink  Quit smoking if you smoke I really applaud your efforts to avoid getting on cholesterol lowering medication. Continue to do what you can with diet and exercise, and continue to follow up with your doctor on a regular basis.  The most important consideration with exercise is being able to develop a consistent routine by creating a schedule that is sustainable and that will be easy for you to adhere to. In this regard, the timing isnt so important as long as the exercise works within your schedule. The only caution with this is that exercising too late in the evening may lead to insomnia. To prevent this, try to exercise no less than two hours before going to bed in the evening if possible.  It can be more difficult to exercise while traveling, but its certainly still attainable. Here are some ideas and suggestions for ways that you can get exercise while traveling:  There are plenty of different body weight exercises, calisthenics, or stretches that you can do in your hotel room. Heres a great list of exercises that dont require equipment: http://bit.ly/17VYGkg  Many hotels have onsite fitness rooms or swimming pools that you may have access to  Try to find nearby parks or ways to get involved in recreational activities outdoors  Go for a walk or run outside or do stair climbing  Resistance bands require little space so they can be packed easily and be used in a hotel room  If youre bringing a laptop you can bring an exercise DVD to use in your hotel room. If you dont own an exercise video you can search for free ones to watch online Be unconventional and think outside of the box if necessary. If its still a challenge for you to do exercise while traveling, make it a point to be more diligent by doing exercise on days where you have more control of your environment or try to plan your exercise around travel as best as possible.  Ice is typically among the first thing to do in the recovery process after strenuous exercise. Icing your muscles helps to reduce pain and decrease swelling and inflammation. Ice causes your blood vessels to narrow, which will reduce your blood flow to the muscle or injured area. Never place ice directly on your skin, however. Wrap an ice pack around a thin cloth and place on the affected muscle for ten minutes at a time. You can use ice multiple times per day for a few days after exercise, but make sure to allow for your skin to return to room temperature before icing after each 10 minute interval. Heat is typically applied to uscles or injuries that do not have swelling or inflammation. Heat will cause your blood vessels to expand, which improves circulation and allows more blood to go to the affected area. Heat can be useful for chronic injuries and muscle soreness or it can be used before exercise to stimulate blood flow and help prepare the muscle for exercise. Heat should also not be directly applied to skin and should be used for short 10-15 minute intervals. Always check with your doctor before starting treatment of an injury, especially if the condition worsens or fails to improve.  Unfortunately, there is no way to specifically target fat around your abdomen. You may see products or equipment that advertise as being effective to lose belly fat, but these are all exploiting a myth called spot reduction. Just because you exercise your abdominal muscles doesnt necessarily mean that the surrounding fat from that specific area is being targeted for fat loss. Abdominal exercises may help provide a more toned appearance through muscle growth, but only if youre at a certain body fat percentage to begin with. Doing abdominal exercises may help to strengthen or grow your abdominal muscles, but they wont help you lose fat around that area. The only way to lose weight around your waist is proper diet and exercise in general. Unfortunately, some people have a specific body type where fat tends to be stored mostly around their waist. Your body will ultimately determines where you weight loss comes from. If you would like to still do abdominal exercises, check out the ACE Fitness exercise library for specific exercises, located here: http://www.acefitness.org/acefit/exercise-library-main/.  Deciding to exercise when youre sick is a judgment call that you will have to make. I found an article that may give you some good guidance, however, located HERE . Basically, it depends on the illness, the symptoms, and your personal comfort level. If you do pursue exercise, I would suggest to start by decreasing the intensity, duration, or frequency until you reach a level thats appropriate given your illness and symptoms. Also, be sure to allow for ample time for rest and recovery.  The Surgeon General recommends 30 minutes of moderate intensity physical activity most days per week. For individuals with diabetes, its recommended that there should not be more than two consecutive days without aerobic physical activity, because the benefit of increased insulin sensitivity gained from exercise generally doesnt last longer than 48-72 hours. Moreover, high-intensity physical activity will tend to enhance insulin sensitivity more than low-intensity physical activity. Also, a greater duration spent on exercise appears to more effective than a lesser duration. With both intensity and duration, however, the benefits appear to be a result of more energy being expended. Exercise can significantly lower A1C levels and can even help glycemic control during times when not exercising. Both resistance training and aerobic exercise have helpful effects on insulin and can help with diabetes management. Do not exercise if your blood sugar is too low and stop exercise if you feel faint, have chest tightness, or are extremely short of breath.  If you are consistently taking in more calories than your body requires then you may expect to gain weight over time, regardless of whether its calories from protein, fat, or carbohydrates. Some research suggests, however, that a slightly higher protein diet can actually help you lose weight, perhaps by helping you to feel satiated (feel full), to ultimately take in fewer calories.  It sounds like youre looking to lose weight. Keep in mind that you cant spot reduce, meaning that you cant choose where you lose weight by targeting a certain body part, but its possible that strength training may help provide a more toned appearance. If youre interested in beginning a strength training routine, Id recommend visiting the following website if you need step-by-step guidance with certain exercises: http://www.acefitness.org/acefit/fitness_programs_exercise_library_list.aspx?bodypart=2  Aerobic exercise is great to help expend calories and boost metabolism to promote weight loss. Keep in mind, however, that you cant spot reduce weight loss, meaning that you cant do a certain exercise to target weight loss from a particular part of your body. The Surgeon General recommends 30 minutes of moderate intensity exercise 5 days per week, 60 minutes is even better if your goal is to lose weight. These recommendations are cut in half, however, if you do vigorous intensity exercise instead of moderate intensity. Also, be sure to also include strength training into your routine as well. Visit this CDC website for more information on exercise recommendations.  The first thing to do is to make sure that your husband has medical clearance for exercise before initiating a program after surgery or during his recovery. Your husbands doctor or physical therapist should be able to provide example exercises, but ACE Fitness also has a pretty comprehensive exercise library with a wide assortment of exercises as well. My recommended course of action would be to print out some of these exercises that seem tolerable to him and show them to his doctor or physical therapist to gain his or her approval on those specific exercises. Practice caution when initiating an exercise routine so that your husband doesnt aggravate his current condition or cause further injury. Slow and gradual progression might be best.Visit the ACE exercise library located here: http://www.acefitness.org/exerciselibrary/default.aspx.  Your nipples most likely become erect during exercise as part of the thermoregulation process of maintaining your bodys internal core temperature or as a result of other stimuli. There doesnt seem to be a clear agreement for the physiological response that is taking place during exercise specifically, but here are a few ideas:  Your body heats up during exercise and it produces sweat as a response. Your sweat evaporates from your skin, removing heat and cooling your body in the process. Your nipples can become erect as they are being cooled since coldness is a stimulus for erect nipples.  Exercise shirts are designed to be breathable by increasing circulation to disperse heat away from your skin. This increased airflow and circulation could compound the cooling effect of evaporation.  Your nipples are very sensitive, so the continual friction caused by your shirt vigorously moving back and forth as you exercise may be irritating them.  Your body may just be at a heightened state of arousal during exercise. This doesnt mean sexual arousal, rather just a physiological state of heighted autonomic arousal that you experience during exercise in the same way that you experience changes to heart rate, respiratory rate, perspiration, etc... Erect nipples may just be another natural component of that. Try to take notice of when you first experience this happening so that maybe you can better identify whats triggering it. If it bothers you, I would suggest wearing a padded exercise bra if youre a woman, or experiment with different clothing materials for your shirt. Try putting your exercise shirt as a base layer and a cotton t-shirt over it to help keep you warm and to cover it up. You can also buy nipple covers or put a Band-Aid over them to help conceal them.  First, make sure that your doctor clears you for exercise before beginning. He or she may ask you to fill out the Physical Activity Readiness Questionnaire (PAR-Q) to ensure that there is no reason for you not to exercise. I would then recommend setting personal goals using the S.M.A.R.T. acronym, which stands for: S  Specific M  Measureable A  Attainable R  Realistic T  Time-oriented Heres a sample goal keeping these principles in mind: Between January 1st and February 1st, walk three days per week for twenty minutes per session to aid in weight loss. Set up short term goals to help you meet your long term goals (6 months or more). Think about what you want to achieve by beginning an exercise routine. Do you want to lose weight, lower your blood pressure, or help manage diabetes? Do you want to run a race such as a 5K? What do you hope to gain from starting exercise? The biggest problem that people have is that they overwhelm themselves by doing too much exercise too soon. It can be hard to sustain a drastic change like that long term. Instead, slowly and gradually progress with exercise to make for an easier transition and to allow your body to comfortably adjust. Start out doing low impact exercise like walking or riding a bike, then gradually increase the time, intensity level, or number of days per week that you exercise. If youre new to strength training, get help from a personal trainer to make sure that you are using the equipment properly. Make a plan and stick to it.  There are certainly many different paths that you can take to eat healthy and there is honestly no one right approach. With that said, I personally am weary about any diet that is heavily focused on one central theme or ideology. I dont think that its always good to promote only one certain food or completely omit certain food groups altogether. We know that some foods are generally better than others, but there is still a lot left to learn. Also, a healthy diet should be based on a lifestyle change, not something that you follow short-term just to promote a certain result. A healthy diet is one that you can sustain long-term and that doesnt leave you feeling hungry or feeling deprived; so overly restrictive diets arent the answer either. Lastly, a healthy diet is evidence-based, and not something formulated on personal claims or anecdotes. A diet that promises you everything is probably too good to be true. If youre looking for more specific examples, this site may help: http://www.webmd.com/diet/evaluate-latest-diets .  Exercise can help you manage stress by releasing endorphins, which are neurotransmitters in your brain that help you to feel good. Another benefit of exercise for stress management is that it can also be used as a break or as personal time away from your stressors to clear your head if necessary. Exercise can also help with depression and anxiety and can help improve your sleep, help you to feel better, or boost your energy levels. There is no one type of exercise that will help you manage stress better than any other. The main thing that you need to find is a type of exercise that you enjoy doing. Exercise should come naturally and should be something that you look forward to doing, not something that you feel forced to do and dont get enjoyment out of. Remember, this is about making yourself happy, so you may have to experiment with different activities until you find something that really works well for you. Set realistic goals that are achievable and dedicate an amount of time that you find manageable so that youre not adding more stress or creating another burden. Besides exercise, there are many other stress-reduction techniques like journaling, meditating, using breathing exercises, or mental/guided imagery. You could also meet with a psychologist, psychiatrist, or your doctor to discuss other treatment/management options.  Youre right in that the 220  age formula to calculate maximum heart rate is outdated and doesnt hold much merit. This particular formula was developed by William Haskell in 1970, and he openly acknowledges that he didnt use a very representative sample and that it was only meant to be used as a rough estimate. There have been many other studies that have attempted to develop a maximum heart rate formula since Haskell developed the 220  age formula in 1970; the only problem is that I dont believe there is a consensus in regards to which among those is the most appropriate formula to use. There have even been other formulas developed that attempt to distinguish between males and females and others that differentiate between athletes and non-athletes. The 220  age is the easiest method of calculation for maximum heart rate applicable to the general population, though its certainly not the most accurate. There are other formulas developed by different researchers, but I dont believe that theres a clear consensus in regards to which is the most accurate or the best replacement  Its often recommended to not have a full meal at least two hours before exercise, though three to four hours is better. The reason for this is called blood shunting. To put it in simple terms, blood shunting is a process where your body diverts more blood to certain areas that need it. We have a set amount of blood in our body, but the amount that certain areas of your body receive can change at different times. The theory is that not eating close to when you exercise will allow for more blood to be delivered to your muscles instead of being partially diverted towards digestion. This will allow your body to work more efficiently during exercise to help you get the most out of it. You can eat something small right before exercise, but be sure to not eat too much. If youre exercising in the morning, try to have something like a glass of juice, a piece of fruit, or a slice of toast before exercising so that you have some energy and arent exercising on a completely empty stomach. Also, there is the possibility that eating a heavy meal before exercise may cause you to feel uncomfortable while doing exercise or it may lead to cramps. Check out this article for more formation.  It doesnt seem like anyone really knows exactly why some people yawn during or after exercise, but there are some theories. One thought is that you may be trying to get more oxygen. Think about what a yawn actually is; a long, deep breath of air. This deep breath may serve as a means to get more oxygen into your body, which makes sense because exercise can make your body oxygen-deprived. Yawning can also increase heart rate and blood pressure, helping to increase the cardiac output that your heart might need during exercise. Some research suggests that yawning could actually provide a cooling effect as a way to regulate your core body temperature after exercise as well. Of course, you may just be yawning because youre fatigued or sleep deprived, or it could be a side effect of some medications too. There really isnt one single answer as to why we yawn during or after exercise. Excessive yawning may be the sign of an underlying health condition, however, so please consult your doctor for further guidance.  Dont give up! Although you may not be able to exercise for long now, you should expect to see less shortness of breath and better cardiovascular endurance the longer you stay consistent with your exercise routine. Be sure that youre not trying to do too much with your exercise. It may be best to start out with a low intensity level of exercise and expanding upon it as tolerated. It may not seem like a lot at first, but you can slowly and gradually build up the duration and intensity of your exercise the more that you are able to adhere to it. Remember, your exercise doesnt have to be done all in one session. Divide it up and takes breaks to rest and recover if you need to and then pick it back up later. You may be able to continually shorten the amount of rest that you take in between sessions to eventually spend more time in a single session. Also, try building in more opportunities to incorporate more physically activity within your daily routine. Try taking the stairs instead of the elevator or park further away. Making a habit out of incorporating small opportunities like these can ultimately lead to becoming better conditioned for exercise. If exercise remains to be too difficult, Id still encourage you to continue to do what you can, but Id suggest placing more of an emphasis on your nutrition to lose enough weight until youre at the point that you can exercise more comfortably. Keep up the great work! Remember to always consult your doctor before beginning an exercise routine or weight loss plan.  Do what you can! Its still beneficial for you to do as much exercise as you can, even if youre not meeting the recommended amount. Keep in mind that you can break up your physical activity into as little as 10 minute sessions throughout the day, which may be more mindful of your time constraints. Build more physical activity into your daily routine naturally by parking further away, taking the stairs instead of the elevator, or using a break room or restroom on an opposite side of the building or on a different floor at work. Consider finding a different mode of transportation to work or while running errands. You may live close enough to be able to walk or bike to some of the places that you need to go. If you take the bus, try getting off at an earlier stop and walking a bit more. Find ways to be active with your family like going for a walk or bike ride, and set up a regular routine with it. Fit in exercise while youre watching TV by doing body weight exercises during commercials, or use exercise equipment like a treadmill, elliptical, or stationary bike that you may have at home to do activity while you watch your shows. Lastly, write down your entire weekly schedule. This can help you to better visualize your schedule so that you can better see opportunities where you can incorporate more physical activity, or perhaps you can move things around to create an opening for exercise. You may not be able to meet a recommended amount, but do what you can!  Your body prefers not to use amino acids, the building blocks of muscle, as an energy source unless it has to because its simply not the most efficient way for your body to get the energy it needs. Your body will typically use the more efficient means of attaining energy first. Weight lifting and aerobic exercise can complement each other well, but If you have concerns with not being able to gain muscle mass, keep the aerobic exercise at a moderate amount. It might be best to refrain from doing overly excessive endurance aerobic events. Try doing high intensity interval training. Interval training involves coupling short bursts of high intensity exercise with less intense recovery periods. For example, you could run on a treadmill for 1 minute at 8mph and then jog for 30 seconds at 6mph, repeating for a total of 10 to 15 minutes. This is just an example to illustrate the point; you can do different intensity levels and different work to rest ratios. Consider also doing circuit training, which is a workout regimen involving resistance training with very little rest in between exercise sets. This form of exercise is high intensity and helps keep your heart rate elevated so that it can function as aerobic exercise while providing a foundation for muscular strength and endurance. Lastly, make sure that you are getting enough protein in your diet. The essential amino acids necessary for muscular growth and development can only be obtained through dietary intake. If youre not getting enough protein, you wont be building muscle regardless of your activity.  The reason that you might be experiencing soreness in your knees could be due to a variety of different reasons. I would first see how your body responds to doing other exercise that may be a little lower impact, such as: walking, swimming, kayaking, water aerobics, using the elliptical, rowing, stair climbing, Yoga, or some strength training exercises. You can determine if the problem is specific to the type of exercise that youre doing this way. You might just be doing too much too soon with jogging. Try dialing back your current jogging routine by building in more days of rest in between exercise sessions, spending less time per session, or jogging at a slower pace. You could also try experimenting by adding interval training into your routine, where you incorporate intermittent bouts of jogging into your walking routine. Lastly, try experimenting with different ground surfaces if youre jogging outside; the grass or a dirt path might provide less impact than concrete. Also, it might be worthwhile to invest in good pair of running shoes as well. If your pain/soreness persists in spite of making some of these changes, then I would suggest meeting with a doctor/specialist and discontinuing jogging until you can find out what's causing this.  Deciding to exercise while youre sick can depend a lot on your illness and your symptoms. To be honest, the answer to your question often depends on who youre asking, since there really doesnt seem to be a clear consensus or agreement. I personally feel more often than not that its best to take time to rest and recover from your illness before continuing with exercise. My rationale comes from a physiological standpoint. Basically, exercise can put a lot of stress on your body, and your immune system is the only way that your body fights infections and pathogens that make you sick. When you exercise, youre devoting some of your bodys resources towards recovery from exercise instead of recovery from illness. In some instances, exercise may even make you sicker or even prolong your illness. You also have to consider how comfortable you would feel while exercising with some of your various symptoms. Medication may help alleviate some symptoms, but otherwise how would you feel trying to go for a run if youre congested or have a persistent cough? If you choose to exercise while sick, you should consider decreasing your exercise intensity, frequency, or duration until you fully recover. Please be considerate by following proper gym etiquette if you choose to work out in a gym. Check out this WebMD article for more input and guidance: http://www.webmd.com/cold-and-flu/features/exercising-when-sick .  The Surgeon General recommends that adults do 150 minutes of moderate intensity aerobic activity per week AND muscle-strengthening activity that works all major muscle groups 2 days per week. The recommendation changes to 75 minutes of aerobic activity if it is vigorous intensity. For weight loss, adults are recommended to do 1 hour of exercise per day. Simply put, you tend to gain greater health benefits by doing more exercise. Children are also recommended to do 1 hour of physical activity per day. It sounds like a lot, but keep in mind that you can break up your exercise into as little as 10 minute sessions if you need to. Do not drastically change your level of physical activity; rather, slowly and gradually increase your physical activity until you are meeting the recommendations. Also, experiment with different types of exercise until you find something that you really enjoy. It also helps to watch TV, listen to music, or talk with someone while doing certain types of exercise to help pass the time.  Sitting all day at a sedentary desk job can increase your risk for heart attack or stroke, and can increase your risk of developing many other different health conditions. Therefore, its important to incorporate as much physical activity as possible throughout the day. First, discuss your concerns with your employer to see how they may be able to help address your concerns. If your employer allows, try setting up your desk so that you can occasionally stand while performing your normal work functions, as some studies have demonstrated standing to be more favorable compared to sitting. Although expensive, some employers have been willing to equip their office with a treadmill desk that their employees can sign-up for and take turns using throughout the day. Also, set regular intervals to get up and walk around the office for five to ten minutes. Frequent, small breaks can help break up the prolonged sitting that is so detrimental to your health. Try using a restroom or break room on an opposite side of the building or on a different floor altogether. Try doing desk exercises as well. Check out this article from WebMD for ideas on how to incorporate stretching and exercise at your desk. Stay active on a lunch break by taking advantage of any on-site or nearby fitness centers or even dedicating some time to go for a walk. Remember, every little bit counts.  Sometimes the scale doesnt accurately reflect whats really happening with your body. Keep in mind that your weight can fluctuate naturally throughout the course of a day. Consider if youve eaten, used the restroom, or how well hydrated you are; all of which have a physical weight to them that can influence the number on the scale. Seeing a change like loss of inches can be a great indicator of progress. See if you notice a more toned appearance or more muscle definition as well. Also, check to see if your clothes fit differently, such as by dropping pants sizes, having to take a belt in more notches, or shirts being loose or not as tight. These changes in body composition can be viewed as more favorable than actual weight loss recorded on a scale. I wholly encourage you to not just view your progress through solely what the scale shows alone. If you do weigh yourself, however, it may be best to limit yourself to once per week just so that you can notice any weight loss trends, but not enough to where youre obsessing over the numbers. Keep the timing of when you weigh yourself the same to establish consistency, probably first thing in the morning to help take away confounding variables.  Protein!! Most protein shakes are specifically formulated for post workout fuel and also contain other useful ingredients for your muscles and recovery. If you want food, cottage cheese, tuna, oatmeal, peanut butter are good examples.  You should check out this great article on electrolyte replacement at http://www.e21.com.au/electrolyte-replacement/  You should check out this great article on electrolyte replacement at http://www.e21.com.au/electrolyte-replacement/  ...Muscle does not turn to fat. Muscle is muscle and fat is fat. With a sedentary lifestyle muscle atrophies and you develop more fat stores thus your body changes. It is not some magic cell transformation.  Exercise uses fuel. The body's fuel is glucose, which come from carbohydrates. That's the reason long-distance runners typically carbo-load before an event. And after a long run, they usually need to refuel by consuming high-carb foods, such as bagels, bananas, or fruit juice. Strenuous exercise depletes fluids, as well, especially in hot weather. As for single nutrients, stores of sodium, potassium, magnesium, and some B vitamins may also be reduced after strenuous exercise. Premenopausal female athletes may run a risk of iron deficiency. Some sports medicine experts think that antioxidants may help athletes recover after a strenuous workout, by neutralizing free radicals generated by exercise. That hasn't been proven, however. And no single antioxidant stands out as particularly important. Although vitamin/mineral formulas are marketed to athletes, all of the nutrients that help power athletic performance can be found in a healthy diet with lots of fruits and vegetables.  Tunnel vision is a medical condition that results in a loss of peripheral vision. As a result, the patient can only see objects from within a circular field. This condition has many possible causes, including problems in the brain, some eye diseases, hallucinogenic drugs, and certain extreme activities. Blood loss to parts of the brain can lead to tunnel vision, as can a tumor pressing against the optic never fibers. A person who is exposed to air that has been contaminated by oils and hydraulic fluids, such as may happen in an airplane and during hard exercise, may also develop this condition. Becoming ill while in an aircraft can cause temporary vision problems. The pressure placed on the optic nerve causes the eye to lose retinal ganglion cells, which can eventually cause the patient to go blind. For some patients, a loss of peripheral vision may be experienced prior to blindness.  You do need to eat before two hours... it is good unless it's liquid item then 1hr is sufficient. As for the hunger after exercising out, you will always get hunger after even if you ate before. You burn a lot of calories when you workout and your body wants more. It's fine to eat after you workout. That's one of the few times that carbs are okay. After I workout I drink a carb drink that's 400 calories and 100 carbs. And then I drink my protein shake after that.  Everything I have read says cold. If there is tissue damage, the cold constricts blood flow, which reduces spread of cellular components which can cause rupture of nearby cells, making the injury worse and longer to heal.  Somtimes what contributes to soreness is  I just turned 60, and am now 7 years post emergency bypass surgery.  It's amazing thing to workout with your friends. You really motivate to get fitness.We always have to do warm up exercise. http://www.aptitudefit.com  Most Effective Weight Loss exercise is Kickboxing. I love this format of exercise is Aerobics. So please Join Aerobics Center in Delhi. http://www.aptitudefit.com/zumba.html   <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p> I would suggest adding internal rotation (moving the upper arm toward the body, i.e. putting your seatbelt on in the passenger seat of a car with the right arm) and external rotation (moving the upper are away from the body, i.e. putting the seatbelt on with the right arm while in the drivers seat) exercises 2-3 times a week completing 1-2 sets of 8-12 repetitions using a very light weight 1-3 pounds. <o:p></o:p> You are correct to avoid any lifts over the head using a pressing movement but you could replace that with front or side raises with dumbbells or bands to eye level. Lat pull-downs can be replaced with either bent over dumbbell row or seated mid-back rows: machines, bands or free weights would be acceptable. <o:p></o:p>  The amount of exercise you would need per week depends on your overall health and fitness goals. The American College of Sports Medicine recommends at least 150 minutes of moderate intensity (brisk walking) exercise per week for general heart health. If you want to lose weight, 250 minutes a week or more is suggested. Aerobic exercise can be broken into 10 minute bouts adding up to 30 minutes as long as the 10 minute sessions are at moderate intensity. <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p>  I would suggest adding internal rotation (moving the upper arm toward the body, i.e. putting your seatbelt on in the passenger seat of a car with the right arm) and external rotation (moving the upper arm away from the body, i.e. putting the seatbelt on with the left arm while in the drivers seat) exercises 2-3 times a week completing 1-2 sets of 8-12 repetitions using a very light weight 1-3 pounds. <?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p> You are correct to avoid any lifts over the head using a pressing movement but you could replace that with front or side raises with dumbbells or bands to eye level. Lat pull-downs can be replaced with either bent over dumbbell row or seated mid-back row machines, bands or free weights would be acceptable. <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p>  Hi My Friend, Studies have shown a very strong correlation between a lack of physical activity and the development of anxiety disorders. This relationship isn't entirely clear, but many of the proposed causes of this include: Unused Energy  One of the most frequently cited reasons for anxiety is unused energy. Your body was made to move, and unfortunately when it doesn't move it creates tension. We see this actually with dogs often  dogs that don't get their daily walks often become anxious and high strung, because if they don't work out their energy, that energy turns first into physical tension, and then into mental tension. Increased Stress Hormone  When you feel stress, your body releases a hormone known as cortisol. There's evidence that movement is what depletes cortisol, bringing it back to normal levels. This makes sense, because anxiety itself is the "fight or flight" system. When your body experiences it, it expects you to fight or flight. Inactivity is essentially doing nothing, and that may cause your body to start misfiring your stress and anxiety hormones. Immune System Malfunction  Exercise is also necessary for a regulated immune system, as well as maintaining a healthy hormone balance. There's reason to believe that inactivity prevents these important things from occurring. There may also be secondary components as well. Those that are often inactive are also often enjoying less experiences, and positive experiences are good for anxiety. Those that aren't working to improve their health may develop small problems that create anxiety on their own. These may all be contributing factors. So, please go ahead with your plan for exercising!! Good luck on everything!! Dhammika Abeygoonawardhane Sri Lanka  If you can re-write including your BMI, it will really help for a answer.  Pelvic floor muscle exercises can help both men and women with stress or urge urinary incontinence, urinary urgency and frequency. ... So, lets start by learning to find the muscle. Everyone, at one time or another, has been in a crowded room and felt as if he or she were going to pass gas or wind. Most will try to squeeze the muscles of the anus to prevent the passing of gas. If you do this  you are squeezing the back part of the pelvic floor muscles, the part that supports your rectal sphincter. Another example is to imagine you have an egg in your rectum and you are trying to break it. In both cases, the muscles being squeezed are the pelvic floor muscle. So if you feel a pulling sensation at the anus, you are squeezing the correct muscles. Figure out how to fit the exercises, also called Kegel exercises, into your daily routine, and you are there. It may take 4-6 weeks of doing the exercises before you notice a change so be patient. A regular Kegel exercise routine may also help improve sexual response in men and women and may prevent other problems like stool incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse (dropped bladder or uterus) from occurring at all.  Yes, it is okay to exercise with a cold. Exercise alway beneficial for personal growth, to increase immunity power, built resistance power, fight against diseases. Regular exercise boost confidence and improve self-esteem.  Good for you for making the sensible decision not to rely on cigarettes for stress control! It's much better to learn good coping techniques than to self-medicate. The good news is you probably did not irreversibly harm your lungs by smoking lightly for a month. Even heavier smokers can "undo" the damage to their lungs to a certain extent by quitting. If you're young and you maintain a smoke-free lifestyle, you should do just fine. I hope this sets your mind at ease!  The short answer is this: Not until you're released to do so by your surgeon. Every person heals differently. Some people bleed more easily than others, for example. Only your surgeon can tell you when it's OK to return to normal activities. As a plastic surgery nurse, I worked with many people who wanted to get back to physical activity quickly after surgery, and I always told them the same thing: A little patience now means you won't have complications later. You don't want to rush into activities like weightlifting that could ruin your surgery and require you to have another procedure. Here's some general information from WebMD about that you might find helpful. Best wishes to you! I'm sure you'll be back to running and lifting in no time!  I'm sorry to hear you're struggling with regaining your strength after hip replacement. That must be difficult to deal with! While I generally agree with your statement you must "use energy to have energy," I wonder if you're pushing yourself too hard, too fast. I realize it's been 9 months since your surgery, but if you've been pushing too hard for the entire 9 months, you may have set yourself back a bit. Remember: rest is good, too. Your body requires downtime to do things like produce hemoglobin. If you became anemic since the surgery, you probably should push your iron intake. I realize you're taking iron supplements now, but, frankly, they're not as effective as dietary sources. I'd suggest you increase your dietary intake of iron, as well as taking a supplement. I probably don't need to tell you spinach, iron-fortified cereals, tofu, and pumpkin seeds are all rich . If exercise is wearing you out rather than pepping you up, I suspect you're over-exercising. Try dialing down your regimen and see if that helps. I wish you all the best!  Well, it could be. Or it might not be. Low testosterone (or "low T") is the flavor-of-the-month in men's health. It's blamed for everything from lack of energy to low libido. And while low testosterone certainly might contribute to those things, it's probably not the sole, underlying cause. Many things can cause slow weight loss and erectile dysfunction (ED). Your best bet is to see your primary care provider for a range of blood tests. These basic tests can help pinpoint the cause(s) of your current health conditions and get you on the path to wellness. By the way, good job on the diet and exercise! Even though things are slow going, keep up the good work. Wishing you well!  This concerns me, too, and I want to urge you to make an appointment with your health care provider to have this checked out. It's impossible to say what's going on without doing a physical examination, lab work, and so on. But the situation you describe doesn't sound normal to me, and I think it warrants an investigation. I hope I'm not alarming you. I don't think you need to run to the emergency room or anything like that. There could be a very simple reason why you're experiencing this big belly issue, but I don't want you to delay getting checked out by your primary care provider. I wish you all the best!  Thank you for reaching out with this question. It's an important one for others your age who have your symptoms. My advice? Check with your doctor before doing any exercise at all, even walking for exercise. He or she can give you specific instructions for what type of exercise(s) to do, for how long, and at what intensity. If you decide to walk anyway (hey, I know how you 86 year olds are!), please have someone with you at all times. Because of your weakness, I have a real concern about your falling and breaking a hip. Right now, you may need to focus more on diet than on exercising, especially since you say you feel extremely weak. I salute you for being a survivor and wish you many more healthful years! You inspire me.  What you're describing (cottage cheese/bumps) is called . That cottage cheese appearance is harmless and basically is caused by highly enlarged fat cells very near the surface of the skin. While there's no cure for cellulite (despite the many preparations, creams, and techniques touted to "rid you of cellulite forever!"), in general the appearance of these fats cells diminishes as you lose weight. Your best bet to fight cellulite is to lose weight by eating a healthy, balanced diet in the right proportions and to get some exercise. You can start off easy, but simply walking for 10 minutes a day. Gradually increase the time and intensity of your workout, and you'll see the pounds melt away -- along with the appearance of that cellulite. Check out for tips and advice from experts and your peers to help you lose weight in a healthy way and keep it off for good! All the best to you!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Whenever the skin and/or muscle gets cut, scar tissue will form. This scar tissue can cause pain and an uncomfortable tightness at the incision site. One thing you can try is scar massage. Just literally use your fingers to massage the incision line fairly aggressively to help "break down" some of the scar tissue. It's best to perform scar massage earlier, usually starting around the 3-month post-surgery mark, but you might still get some relief by doing scar massage today. I suggest you let your gynecologist know about this pain the next time you get a check-up, too. It's possible the pain feels as if it's coming from the incision when it's actually caused by something else (vaginal dryness or another cause). If that's the case, then scar massage obviously won't help! But you can get an opinion about what to do to help the pain. Wishing you well!  Unfortunately, no. Sagging skin at the jawline (aka: jowls) is actually caused by two things: loss of fat volume in the face and loss of elasticity in the skin. We can try all kinds of things to reduce aging, but gravity always wins in the end. While you can't exercise away your jowls, there are cosmetic treatments for this condition. First is, of course, a facelift. In a (technically called a rhytidectomy), incisions are made around the ear and at the hairline. The facial skin is gently loosened from the tissue layers below and pulled upward and outward. Excess skin is removed, leaving you with a firmer, younger looking face. Facelifts may sound painful, but patients told me they didn't hurt much at all. Recovery from a facelift takes a few weeks. The effect of a good facelift will last a decade or more. Another treatment for sagging skin is . With this procedure, a physician or specially trained nurse injects material into your cheek area to restore the volume you've naturally lost over time. This filler material usually works by stimulating collagen production. Dermal fillers generally last for two years or so, after which you need to get more injections. Unless you get some type of medical intervention for your sagging skin at the jawline, it will only get worse over time. If it bothers you, try booking a consultation with a dermatologist or plastic surgeon to learn about your options. Wishing you well!  First, congratulations on taking this important first step in reducing your weight to a healthy level! I salute you. Second, be sure you've received the OK from your health care provider to undertake a diet and exercise program. If your doctor has cleared you to exercise, then your shortness of breath may be normal simply due to your current size. Don't let this discourage you. It may not be realistic for you to expect to perform, say, 20 minutes of aerobic activity at this point. That time will come. Right now, 2 minutes might actually be more realistic for you. I'd suggest you start with simply walking. If you can manage to walk for 2 minutes 10 times a day, there's your 20 minutes. Do that every day, and you'll gradually build up stamina. If you've been watching one of those television shows where 300+ pound people engage in vigorous workouts and lose dramatic amounts of weight quickly, I'd suggest you stop watching. , those programs do not depict a realistic vision of exercise for people who weigh over 300 pounds. The workouts shown on those programs are closely monitored by an entire medical team and can be dangerous for the average, unsupervised exerciser. Again, I can't stress how much I admire you for your determination. Try checking out WebMD's for support and access to experts who can help you on your journey. Be patient. It may take you quite some time to lose all the weight you want to lose. Remember to set intermediate goals and rewards along the way to stay motivated. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Sometimes, pregnancy can stretch the abdominal muscles out so much that they can't "snap back." They're kind of like elastic that way -- and I'm sure you've seen how floppy an elastic waistband gets after it's been over-stretched. I'd suggest you visit your doctor to find out if he or she thinks this is the problem in your case. If so, he or she may be able to tell you whether or not abdominal muscle exercises will help. If all else fails, you can have this corrected with a cosmetic surgery procedure called abdominoplasty or " ." In this surgery, the abdominal muscles are literally sewed back together to give your belly a tight look again. However, this surgery is not recommended for any woman who plans to have more children. Save it for the time when you're confident your family is complete! Probably not the news you wanted to hear, but I wanted to be honest with you. Wishing you all the best!  Well, this is a good question for your health care provider. There are many cholesterol-lowering medications available to choose from. If your liver enzymes went up on simvastatin, your provider should be able to present several other options to you. Unfortunately, it's impossible to give you a good answer here because so many factors in your medical history contribute to choosing an alternative to simvastatin for you. Your health care provider will look at the whole "picture of you" to come up with a better option. Hope this helps!  There's really not much point in washing your face before exercise. You need to cleanse your skin exercising and sweating in order to make sure you don't develop blocked pores or possible fungal infections of the skin. Interestingly, it's equally important to thoroughly dry your skin after exercising. Fungal infections, such as " ," can arise if the skin stays damp. So be sure to towel off thoroughly and perhaps apply powder if you can't get completely dry. PS: Women can get "jock itch," too. Hope this helps!  Well, it's a good question. Motivation is the challenge of every person who wants to achieve a goal, be it weight loss, becoming an oil painter or anything else. It sounds like you may have invested too much time and effort into research. Everything feels overwhelming to you right now, doesn't it? Don't let that stop you. At a certain point, you have to take the plunge and DO IT. Stop thinking about it and just DO IT. I read an interesting article in which a fitness coach said there is no such thing as "motivation;" there are only choices. You can choose to eat an apple, or you can choose to eat a candy bar. You can choose to take a walk for 10 minutes, or you can choose to watch TV instead. Do you see the difference here? I strongly suggest you and your friend check out WebMD's , where you can share your fears, struggles, goals and with others who will cheer you on! You are not the first person to fear getting started on the path to a healthy life, and you won't be the last. Meanwhile, choose goals you know you can easily accomplish. For example: Today, I will eat one apple instead of a candy bar Today, I will throw away all the junk food in my house Today, I will walk for 10 minutes This week, I will walk for 10 minutes every day I mean, come on! Anyone can do 10 minutes of exercise, right? Of course you can! Lastly, don't forget to reward yourself for meeting your goals, no matter how small they may be . Don't use food as a reward. Even if you accomplish just one thing today, download a new song to your smartphone, take a bubble bath, or do something else to celebrate the fact that, today at least, YOU WON. You don't need "motivation." You just need to take the plunge. I say go for it!! Wishing you well!  First, welcome to Answers! Second, I'd like to invite you to join , where you can connect with other people trying to lose weight. Your current plan is unsustainable because you're burning more calories (1400 a day) than you're taking in (1000 per day). The numbers need to be reversed. You need to take in a minimum amount of calories per day simply to survive. Most people should not eat fewer than 1200 calories per day (and, in my opinion, that's very low). And that's without any exercise at all. You can use to get a personalized calorie intake plan for weight loss. In general, to lose weight safely, you should add the number of calories you burn from exercise to your minimum calorie intake to see the total number of calories you should consume. Here's an example: Burn 500 calories per day + 1200 calories minimum intake = Consume 1700 calories total. You can fudge that number a little to lose weight faster or slower. By the way, it's very difficult to burn 1400 calories per day unless you're already an elite athlete. You might need to revise your expectations, in terms of exercise. Best wishes to you! Remember, weight loss is a journey.  This is a great question, and one you should ask your health care provider. It's a bit too involved to go into here, but I'll briefly outline some (not all) of the options. And, luckily, WebMD offers this handy . A water pill or diuretic (such as hydrochlorothiazide, or furosemide) lowers blood pressure by getting rid of excess water in your system. This essentially lowers your overall blood volume. If you have (or ringing in the ears), you should talk to your health care provider about using a "potassium-sparing" water pill because the other type can make tinnitus worse. ACE (angiotensin-converting enzyme) inhibitors have become a popular choice. These medications basically cause your blood vessels to relax, which lowers your blood pressure. These medications usually have few side effects. Beta blockers work by slowing down the pace of your heartbeat and also reducing the force at which the heart contracts. This combination causes your blood pressure to come down. If your doctor suggests a beta blocker, be sure to get specific dosing instructions. Some beta blockers shouldn't be taken when your pulse rate is low. Again, you ask a good question for your doctor. If you go on a blood pressure medication, be sure to know what it does (specifically), why it's a good choice for you, and what possible side effects you should watch out for. Hope this helps!  I applaud you for wanting to exercise more. That's almost always a good thing! I suggest you consult your health care provider about your leg issues. Many conditions can cause the symptoms you're describing, and if it's something benign (like simple of the legs), then walking despite the pain could well fix the problem. But your best bet is to see a medical professional for a diagnosis and to get cleared for exercise. I hope you're on your way to better health and pain-free living soon!  also just to add I have a twin brother who is less active than I am and has an episode one time every six months brought on in same manner either extreme activity or orgasim  HI when I have lets say about Four glass of water or when my bladder gets full or even Three bottles of beer  You could try a specific lumbar stretch: Lie on the floor (get there any which way you can!) and with knees bent, tighten you abdominal muscles and focus on trying to eliminate the space between the natural lumbar curve and the floor by pushing down.  I am not a fitness expert, although I work for them, but I wanted to offer an answer from my own personal experience. I had this same question not to long ago. I exercise 3-4 times a week, eat healthy, have 4 kids and 3 dogs who I run after or with all day long! But I was stuck at my target weight. I'm 5'6 I wanted to be 145. Made it down to 165 from almost 190 about 6 months ago. My trainer, also a good friend of mine, said I needed to stop looking at the scale and focus on what was most important. Being healthy and enjoying life.  I've been told that plain old mind-numbing cardio, plugging away on a treadmill, elliptical, recumbent bike, etc. is by far the worst way to lost fat, belly or otherwise. Yes, interval training is better, but even better is to lift weights (less weight, more reps) with the cardio occurring in between sets because you rest 30 secs and move on to the next set.  I'm not a dr but have you gone to one to see if there is a medical reason to explain this? My friends daughter is 13 and weighs 230 pounds. I was keeping her for awhile and decided to help her lose some of the weight. The first thing I did was not allow her to make her own plate. She thought she knew about portion sizes but really she was putting way too much food on her plate. A sample breakfast could be a scrambled egg with some spinach, a meat for protein (1 sausage) and a glass of orange juice. Or since you're young, you might only have cereal for an option so pick a cereal that's healthy and without all that sugar. An ex could be Kashi or something like raisin bran. The second thing I did was teach her about nutrition. Her mom is 300+ pounds so I knew there was no one there who knew either. If you ball your hand into a fist, that's the size of your stomach. That's how much food can actually fit. Anymore than that, then you're stretching your stomach out. The more you cut back on eating, the more your stomach goes back to the size it's supposed to be. Third, which should probably be first but I wanted to get her eating habits down first, is exercise exercise exercise. You have to exercise. Skipping at school or PE isn't enough. I walked with her everyday for 30 minutes. She didn't think she could do it but I stood by her every step of the way and encouraged her. We were even able to start doing it twice a day. Hopefully at some point we can speed walk then start jogging. Fourth, you have to drink tons of water. Sometimes your body might feel like it's hungry when you're actually thirsty. A good rule of thumb is to start off with64 ounces a day. To help you measure, use a plastic water bottle to fill your cups/glasses and that's how you can keep track. Fifth, which should probably be higher is to make sure you eat enough healthy foods. I made her eat 2 servings of vegetables with every meal. Her snacks were fruit. Also a good time to say eat 5-7 small meals everyday and when I say small I mean the size of your fist small.  I have had friends that have missed several periods for many reasons including low weight, obesity, hormonal imbalance, menopause, cysts, and tumors. It's best to see a gynecologist to make sure the more severe of those options are not the cause.  I have the same problem. My doctor order a CAT scan, but my insurance did not approved it jet. Did you find out what was your problem?  Yes I have something more than that you want  Carrie,  It is never too late! I am a male, and at 57 I was 50lbs over weight and hadn't done anything like exercise in more than 10 years. I got tired of feeling everything jiggle when I moved at more than a plod and started by paying attention to what I ate and going for a walk every day.  If u have had a paniac attack in the past AVOID caffeine at all costs!!! I have always had anxiety 24/7 I don't drink soda or Starbucks but I had a frap at Starbucks one day and that set me over the edge. I had to leave class and go right to the school psychiatrist. Now I try to get decaf or ask them to halve the caff. Bc espresso is crazy high in caf!! Esp if ur not use to it.  I encourage you to see your doctor so you can explain all of these symptoms and be examined. Your doctor can then determine what additional tests are needed to help make a diagnosis so the appropriate therapy can be started. Your doctor may perform breathing tests to measure your lung function. Write down all of your symptoms to bring to the appointment so you do not forget anything. Include how often you have these symptoms, what makes it better or worse, do you wake up at night with any symptoms.  I had an extremely high metabolic rate and was an athlete competing in martial arts. I had to gain weight to compete with stronger opponents in a heavier weight class. Let's keep it simple, 3 key elements will allow you to gain muscle mass/weight. 1. Rest - Get two days/week of rest to recover from training. You grow when you're resting. You can split up the 2 days or have it simultaneously. Take it easy on those days and don't do anything too physical. 2. Train - Lift heavy weights with low reps for 1 1/2 hour and then do another 30 min of plyometrics. Next day, do it in reverse. Repeat this cycle throughout the week. If you're an athlete, you'll need to extend training time up to 3 hrs in one day. When running, do sprints. Do high impact, high intensity exericises. Do not perform long-distance, endurance training. If you have to run, don't go over 3 miles. 3. Eat - Consume a lot of carbs from veggies and fruits. 3/4 of your meal should be carbs to give you energy and pack on necessary fat. 1/4 of your meal should be protein to build muscle. Contrary to popular beliefs, you need plenty of fat storage in order for the body to be healthy and build muscle. Consuming protein volume based on your body weight is not accurate for everyone, some bodies will not utilize extra protein. You want that carb for energy to push harder and grow bigger/stronger. Eat pasta, rice, and potatos with every meal. You will bulk up in size/strength, adding 10 lbs of muscle like me within a month. If you get too bulky, and need to trim down to make weight for athletic competition, then reverse the diet, eat more protein and less carbs. Always drink a ton of water! Find people with similar goals to train with! It's not just about building your body, it's also about building a community. Good luck!  I belong to a kickboxing gym (I hit bags, not people), and I find that three classes a week plus one day of weights keeps me in good condition.  Absolutely! Even if you take the blood clot from last year out of the equation, you should seek medical advice from your Doctor. It could be something very simple, or it could be a serious issue you have going on but the only way to know is if you GO TO THE DOCTOR ;). Good luck  Could be som thyroid problems, especially if your throat is sore or you feel like you're choking. Should bring to your physician's attention. Should get checked out further, could be an array of symptoms.  Ejection fraction can improve in some people on proper medical therapy. While exercise doesn't result in the significant improvement in heart function (in most studies) that we'd hope for, it can improve quality of life and functional capacity. I'd talk with the cardiologist about an exercise prescription and whether cardiac rehabilitation could be a possibility.  I generally recommend a combination of both aerobic exercise and some resistance exercise in most of my patients. And the good news is that most people can do low-impact exercise (like walking) and still see a benefit. You should talk to your doctor about your own specific exercise prescription. And while you're asking, see if your doctor is exercising too!  Exercise SMART: Be S-pecific about your goals. Make them M-easurable - by time or distance Make them A-ttainable. Your goals should be R-ealistic and achievable. And have them be T-ime based Good luck!  Two ultrasound studies of women who exercised their vaginal muscles did find that their muscles were thicker and stronger after pelvic floor muscle training. Among women with urine leakage, their thinner muscles became the thickness of healthy women's pelvic floor muscles. Additionally, they had less urine leakage -- whether the problem was from stress or urge types of incontinence. The use of vaginal cones and/or Kegel exercises to increase muscle strength were both found to improve tone and decrease urine loss. While some of these studies did not measure vaginal tightness per se, when muscle bulk is increased, a woman can voluntarily contract those muscles to make the vaginal opening tighter.  If you just started walking this could be normal until your body gets used to the new exercising. However, if you are very active and are having a great deal of discomfort, you should see your doctor. The feeling of your heart as if it is being held or squeezed is not a normal reaction, that doesn't mean it's serious or life threatning by any means, but it certainly means you should consult with your physician. At only 14 yrs of age, you should not be experiencing this, and if you are saying this occurs with only walking a very short distance, you really need to see your doctor.  Sleeping in a slightly elevated position will help some. You can also ask your doctor to give you a simple device that allows you to excercise your lungs and airway. It is a plastic device, usually has a small ball in the bottom of it, and the goal is to keep using it until you can bring the ball further and further towards the top. As you consistently do this, it will strengthen your ability to breathe better. You are basically exercising your lungs just as you are excercising other parts of your body as you do when you get on your exercise bike. As with any exercise program, when you first begin, you may find with your diminished lung capacity, you are not able to do a great deal at first, but if you stick with it every day, even with the COPD, you will have better air way function, breathe better and be stronger. Let me know after 90 days of doing this several times a day if it helped, I believe you will find that you are breathing easier and getting some relief from your morning coughing spells. Just remember, you have COPD and nothing is going to just make it go away and suddently you are not coughing, that is just not being realistic. If you stick with it however, it should help you and allow you to breathe easier in the am  I would wait about ten minutes, then it should be just fine. Just be sure to stop immediately if you start feeling light headed or dizzy. Other than that, you should be ok to go ahead with your exercise.  Yeah!!!!!!! Interesting Question if woman exercises four hours a day then she should drink water because water is necessary for your health if you are doing exercise daily There are some guidelines when you drink water during exercise and that is Start your day with a huge glass of water and whether it is your exercise day or rest day drink two glasses of water within you start your exercise drink glass of water after 15 Minutes .  Eating before a workout depends on the type of exercise. If it is a brisk walk or light jog, exercising on an empty stomach is fine but be sure to drink a glass of water before you start. If exercising for longer than 60 minutes at a high intensity level (like running), eat some carbohydrates (fruits, half a bagel or a slice of toast) before exercising. If eating after a workout is more preferable, choose healthy carbohydrates and lean protein sources. For example, a bowl of whole grain cereal with milk, half a bagel with peanut butter, berries with cooked oatmeal or 2 egg whites with a slice of whole wheat toast. Also eat your meal within 2 hours of finishing the workout as this will help your muscles to recover and replace their glycogen stores. Most importantly, drink fluids before, during and after exercising to optimize the workout. For more information about eating and exercise refer to this article .  As you lose weight, your caloric intake will decrease. Meaning, your body will need less calories to function as you lose weight. You could not be eating enough calories as well. If we do not eat enough calories to function, our bodies will move into a starvation mode and we will conserve the calories stored and this will prevent weight loss. The BMI Calculator tool (found here ) is very useful in deciding how many calories to eat a day. When you exercise you might require a few extra calories. So yes, eating more might help with your weight loss.  I also had problems to see my veins. They turned me on my stomach and did the Doppler tests and found this is the only way to see the deep veins which carry 80% of the blood back up and found I have a hereditary absence of large deep veins. My deep veins are the same size as the peripheral veins causing swelling and painful red spots that now limit my standing or sitting drastically. Wearing compression stockings are the only relief they can prescribe. She may have this abnormally strange vein size as well. I'm looking for answers myself. Good luck.  I also had problems to see my veins. They turned me on my stomach and did the Doppler tests and found this is the only way to see the deep veins which carry 80% of the blood back up and found I have a hereditary absence of large deep veins. My deep veins are the same size as the peripheral veins causing swelling and painful red spots that now limit my standing or sitting drastically. Wearing compression stockings are the only relief they can prescribe. She may have this abnormally strange vein size as well. I'm looking for answers myself. Good luck.  I would suggest you visit this site - How To Get Ripped.There you can find a customized nutrition and weight training plan based on details you fill in. Like age, weight, height, metabolism and body type. You can also read my story, it contains information about my struggle. Meybe you will find it heplful. Good Luck  It is great that you have had exellent results from your surgical procedures. You are wise to try to get moving and active again. Being fit and active is the best thing that you can do to prevent future problems with your back. However, it is important that you develop a progressive aerobic and strengthening regimen. I would suggest that you contact your surgeon for a referral to a spine physical therapist who can help you get started on your return to exercise. In general, you want to avoid impact type exercises so the elliptical is a reasonable option. You should also avoid any heavy weights, particularly free weights, above your head that will cause compression to the spine. I usually recommend that spine patients use the weight machines that use resistence mechanisms or weights on tracks with pulleys. These are less likey to injury you. You also need to do regular core muscle strengthening. Again a physical therapist can help you get started. Pilates is the commercial exercise course that is most similar to a core strengthening program.  I have this problem on occasion even though I don't have low blood sugar normally. I suggest you eat a piece of candy that isn't sugar free or maybe just grab a soda or some sweet tea and drink that and see if the sensation doesn't go away fairly quickly.  Using my albuterol inhaler before exercising helps me  I recommend getting it checked out. Sometimes getting a second doctor's (or even third's) opinion is great! I had a health issue and I went to multiple doctors before any of them figured it out. You know your body best and you know when something needs to be figured out!  Muscle-strengthening exercises include activities where you move your body against gravity or move a weight or some other resistance. They are also called resistance exercises. Muscle-strengthening exercises include lifting weights, using elastic exercise bands, using weight machines or lifting your own body weight. Yoga and Pilates are also muscle-strengthening exercises. However, people with osteoporosis may need to avoid or modify certain positions in these activities. If you've broken bones in the spine due to osteoporosis or notice that you have lost height from what you recall as your young adulthood height, be very careful to avoid activities that require reaching far, bending forward, rapid twisting, heavy lifting and those that increase your chance of a fall. Muscle-strengthening exercises should be done two to three days a week. You should try to do at least one exercise for each major muscle group.  Please keep one thing in mind...you did not gain the weight over a few months so don't expect it to magically fall off in a few months; THERE ARE NO SHORTCUTS, just dedication and the will power you will need to get your butt off the couch and head outside (or treadmill) and walk everyday. At first just do what you can but make a training schedule and follow it - you are accountable to no one but yourself so don't let yourself down! I will not do you any favors by lying to you or telling you loosing weight is easy... as you know, it is not. It is a long hard journey to loose the weight, but if your mindset is right and your willpower is strong (do it for no one but yourself). Then you are on your way to a successful weight loss journey! Good luck! btw...before putting something in your mouth, ask yourself if you are really hungry, if you are not - ask yourself why you are eating.  Based on your age, your target heart rate would be between 82bpm and 114 bpm. This is based solely on your age. If you want to calculate this based on your fitness level you can use the Karvonen formula: Target Heart Rate = ((max HR - resting HR)  %Intensity) + resting HR Take your pulse at rest subtract this from max HR (220 minus your age) Multiply this by .60 and .70 to get your target heart rate range.  What type of exercise are you referring to? Strength training sessions should last no more than one hour, ideally 30-40 minutes if done properly. Cardio should last no more than 30 minutes if done as HIIT (high intensity interval training). Anything over this daily would probably lead to overtraining.  Oh my goodness, the weight bearing exercise and just the strength training is fantastic for women over 55 because theres a loss of muscle mass as we age, so we want to prevent muscle wasting. And the way to do that is to do weight bearing exercise, which means walking, running, basketball, rock climbing, tennis, anything where you put your feet down. At least 30 minutes, 3 times a week. Walk on that treadmill. Go out and walk the dog. Get out there and walk. And then, the weights, the low weights, less than 10 pounds, less than 5 pounds, doing your upper torso a half an hour twice a week. Get someone to work with you and really show you, but that weight training, oh my god, I dont want to be near these women. They are strong, and it really helps them as far as aging.  Exercise is key for everything. I mean studies have shown that women who go into menopause with 20 pounds over are at increased risk for breast cancer, increased risk for heart disease, increased risk for strokes, and therefore, if youre going to go and go through this period and youre not exercising, and youre not trying to keep your weight at what it was, youre definitely going to be at risk for a whole lot of diseases.  There are several conditions that can cause unintentional weight loss in a young person. Some of the common possible causes include hyperthyroidism (overactive thyroid gland), diabetes, or a problem with absorption of nutrients and vitamins in your digestive tract. Depression and anxiety can sometimes lead to weight loss. Some infections can lead to weight loss. Certain medications can have a side effect of weight loss. Cancer can sometimes cause unintentional weight loss. Cancer occurs more commonly in older people, and is a less common cause of weight loss in young people. It would be best for you to see a doctor who can do a medical evaluation to help determine the reason for your weight loss.  That's great that you have a healthy diet and exercise regularly. You are not alone in your craving for sweets -- Americans have an average daily intake of sugar is about 22 teaspoons daily - this adds up to 355 calories. Here's a link to an article called "The Truth About Sugar" that I think you will find interesting. http://www.webmd.com/food-recipes/features/health-effects-of-sugar As discussed in the article, one key to a healthy diet is moderation. Trying to stick to eating the equivalent one square of dark chocolate a day may help. Take care  Defiantly start out slow with the exercise, you don't want to hurt yourself. and this goes for everyone regardless of size that is just starting to work out. Take a Fat burner it will boost your weight loss with the exercise. Cut down on carbs and try to eat at least 3 well proportioned meals or 6 small meals a day. DO NOT STARVE YOUR SELF!!! this in the long run will make you gain twice as much as you loose. GOOD LUCK!!!   First, its good to be concerned and thoughtful about how you will please your partner  just dont get too worried about it; approaching it with relaxation and ease is more productive for you. Second, try practicing edging for a couple of weeks. Edging involves masturbating right up until the point of ejaculating then stopping before the ejaculation occurs; letting the urge to ejaculate subside; then masturbating to the edge again; and repeating this over and over without ejaculating for as long as you can  at least half an hour. Doing this every day for 2-3 weeks helps many men learn control over their ejaculations when with a partner. It also gives them a sore, red penis, but using a quality penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) that includes both vitamin E (a natural hydrator) and she abutter (an excellent emollient) can help reduce the soreness.  Exercise is a great way to deal with anxiety issues! When I was in college I was diagnosed with anxiety issues and my therapist suggested that I start taking daily walks. They helped me not only have time each day to clear my head and calm my anxiety, but also helped me discover the joys of walking as a form of exercise. I'm not sure what your comments about the ribs mean, but if you are concerned about it you should see a doctor, or go to student health for free.  while your attempting it wouldnt be a problem, and after you conceive, most workouts that you did regularly before you got pregnant are alright, mostly you should avoid doing things that over exhaust your body  for me it God, not just church but having a deep relationship, and allowing him to help me though my day to day life, the bible says cast all your cares to Him. Along with that, sometimes worrying about the panic attacks can bring one on... and take time for yourself. shut the phones off shut the door take deep breathes and just sit. it is def. something that plagues my family my husband suffers from anxiety and it controls everything around us.. if one hit thats it no noise no lights and dont go in the room or speak to him for the rest of the day and sometimes the next. he keeps his medicine with hime at all times and finds that just knowing that he has it helps him to remain calm.. and maybe speak to your dr about lorazepam in a low doseage, it is a quick dissolve fast acting anxiety relief, coupled with your medicine that your already on taking it when you feel the warning signs of an attack might help.  I would say an Endocrinologists or a doctor that specializes in Internal Medicine. The cause of rapid weight gain can be from any number of causes, so it is hard to tell.    I reduced sources of protein and fat from animal sources to nuts. I especially like almonds which are also high in calcium and fiber. But be sure to get the unsalted kind.  Yes, it will make them tighter. That's the exercise my gynecologist told me to do after I had a baby. It really worked for me, my husband could tell the difference. If you don't know how to do them, you hold in the muscles that you use if you had to pee, for a few seconds, then release, then hold again. You can do them all day at your desk, home, or driving in your car. The more you use these muscles, the quicker you'll see results.  Yes, it will make them tighter. That's the exercise my gynecologist told me to do after I had a baby. It really worked for me, my husband could tell the difference. If you don't know how to do them, you hold in the muscles that you use if you had to pee, for a few seconds, then release, then hold again. You can do them all day at your desk, home, or driving in your car. The more you use those muscles, the quicker your results.  I'm 39 and have been taking adderrall dr 30 mg for more than 5 years now. I take mine after breakfast in the morning. I have never had issues when I exercise but every person reacts to medications differently. Make sure you have food in your body and take as prescribed. Your dr. Or local pharmacist should be able to tell you if you are worried. When you fill you script you get a print out of information about that medication and what to expect if you have allergic reaction, medication interactions, food interactions, etc. if your exercising maybe just every few minutes ou could check your heart rate. If rises to fast then you know its time to rest and you will know your limits. You may just need to let your body adjust to medication also for a few weeks.  What side effects are you having? From the question it would seem like weight gain. I was on for years, but not sure of the side effects your having as there are so many different ones. What are yours?  Do you feel like its on the ligament itself or somewhere on the bone. I had a similar incident and when it was x-rayed it came up as an abnormality, BUT they sent for CT scan and found that it was calcium build up. When you injure a part of your body, blood flows to that area and calcium tends to build up at the site.  It can simply be heartburn, but you should definately not ignore this. If you expierience chest pains you should go to an emergency room as soon as possible. Especially if it's happening often.  No, exercise will not affect how a slow-release medication works. The most important thing to know about medications designed to be slow-release is that you should never crush or chew them. Doing so can cause an increase in side effects, or even an overdose of medication.  It may not be necessary for you to take a multivitamin, provided your diet is well-rounded, and you dont have any nutrient deficiencies. That said, any multivitamin that provides 100% of the RDA of all the essential vitamins and minerals is best. There is no specific formula necessary. It is generally preferable to avoid a multivitamin with iron, unless you are anemic. Talk to your health care provider or pharmacist to find the best multivitamin for you.  I know how hard it is to exercise, but there are other ways to increase physical activity and benefit FM. Instead of feeling pressure to schedule exercise time, try to focus on increasing all other non-exercise activities. Daily activities, leisure activities, and even work activity can be "increased..." If stretching doesn't bother you, then you get to call this physical activity, and you can stretch as often as you want. Instead of sitting down when talking on the phone, try slowly pacing back and forth. This is increased physical activity. Sometimes park a little bit farther away and walk a little bit more. This counts too. All this extra activity adds up and becomes "therapeutic" for your FM goal of reactivating yourself. If you eventually can add "exercise" to your day... then all the better! But you can still be more active without that darn "exercise."   Great idea on starting a food log! Since you have both nerve damage and fibromyalgia you are going to have to ease change into your life. So you don't stir your symptoms up. Also, a quick phone call to your doctor to make sure they are OK with you exercising would be a good first step as well. After you have your doctor's OK here are a few ideas. These type of exercise bikes have a chair seat and are much more comfortable for individuals with back problems. Start slow with just 5 minutes three times a week then as your tolerance builds add a second session of 5 minutes later in the day until eventually you can work up to either 2-15 minute sessions a day or 3-10 minute sessions a day. By splitting your sessions up that should make you more comfortable and avoid aggravating your spine and your fibromyalgia. By moving in water, your heart and muscles get the benefits of exercise without all the stress on your spine. Look around your community and I'm sure you will find a number of places that offer these. On the day of your first class arrive early and explain to the instructor your limitations so they can provide you with some modifications to exercises that might exacerbate your problem. Click on the hyperlink below to be taken there. You'll find tons of info on how to maximize your health. There is also a community forum that enables you to talk with others with fibromyalgia that way you can find ideas and strategies that worked for them. Pick one item and work on it, then when you've mastered that move onto the next item. For example, now that writing down what you eat is a habit pick another one--exercise for example. Call around and find a water aerobics class and set a goal of attending 2 classes a week. Once you've completed that goal then pick another-------------sleep for example. After you visit the fibromyalgia center, you will be amazed how many people are living active lives and managing their symptoms. You can definitely lose weight, just take it slow.  Meet with your doctor and discuss if it's safe for you to exercise. Once you've received your doctor's OK search the internet to find alternatives. If your concerns about exercise are related to a chronic illness two good places to start would be with a support group or just looking up if their are any national associations that might have some information they could share. (Examples: Arthritis Foundation, The National Multiple Sclerosis Society). Also ask your physician and contact your local hospital to see if there are any medically monitored programs in your community. Many of these are covered by insurance and provide enrollees with both exercise and education about their condition. Numerous people routinely enroll in cardiac or pulmonary rehabilitation programs around the country and are astounded with the benefits they get out of these programs. Finally, since your on webMD check out our article base by doing a search on exercise as there are numerous articles on exercising with a chronic disease.  First, I'd reccomend looking into a local sleep issue/chronic fatigue support group. They can provide you with a great deal of info about your diagnosis and techniques to maximize your level of function and quality of life. Find an exercise partner. Research shows time and time again that everyone benefits when they exercise with someone. A good partner choice is someone who is at the same fitness levels as you and has the same goal. In your case, finding someone with the same diagnosis would be even better as they would know first hand what your experiencing. Finally, if walking isn't working try something else. Maybe a group fitness class or weight training are better alternatives. The key is to ease into a routine and slowly increase your duration and intensity so your not exhausted when your done.  It looks like your exercise routine is sound. My only suggestion is make sure your the weights your using in your toning exercises are challenging. As you get stronger to continue to improve you will need to go heavier. Since you've got a strong exercise program on board now you have to look at your diet. I had a professor in grad school who summed it up this way, "you can't walk, run, or swim away from your diet." All of us struggle loosing that last 10 lbs and to be successful you need to make sure your eating clean. One of the best ways to do this is using a food diary. I recommend using That way you can determine the calories you need to hit your weight loss goals. One thing I really like about utilizing this is if I know I'm going out to a friends house for get together or to happy hour with co-workers I can shift my meals around to insure I can go enjoy myself and still stay on track.  You definitely have some challenges but you should be able to exercise. At this point you have 1. Get your physicians approval to start exercising. 2. Seek treatment for you patellar tendonitis. A short course of physical therapy could get you up and moving in no time. for some info about what physical therapy is and how they can help. 3. Look for a water aerobics class in your area. Its a great form of low impact exercise (easy on osteoarthritis and fallen arches). On the first day of class arrive early and explain your situation to the instructor. As long as you've been cleared to exercise by your doctor, just do want you can without causing your symptoms to flare up. More then likely the instructor will be able to provide you with some alternatives. Also keep in mind any movement is good movement as long as it doesn't make your symptoms worse. Anytime you have an injury it doesn't matter if your an olympic athlete or just an average person you have to .  Wow! Sounds like your really working hard and eating clean. However, to fuel weight loss you need to change your program and your going to be surprised by my suggestions. First, 1250 calories is not enough for a 60 year old. The recommended amount of calories for a 60 year old is 1600 calories for women and 2000 calories for men. While these are estimates your pretty far away from both. Your body is not going to let go of any fat that it has. It believes your starving so it's holding on to all the calories it can. I know its counter-intuitive but up the calories (to a reasonable level) to lose the weight. Add veggies, at least one more serving of protein and some healthy fats (olive oil, avocados, eggs, nuts, olives, seeds) If your doing eight hours of cardiovascular exercise a week a great deal of it is probably long, slow distance training. You need to change it up. Begin interval training. Shorter duration but higher intensity. Look at the articles pasted below as they map out incorporating interval training into your fitness plan.Once again, I know it's counter-intuitive that less time equals more weight loss but the weight loss is spurred on by the higher intensity. Re-evaluate your strength training workouts by asking yourself am I getting stronger and am I seeing changes? With a caloric intake of 1250 calories your probably not. So increase the calories and change your routine. Visit the link below and incorporate 1 or 2 of the lifts in each section into your routine. Remember challenge yourself . Finally, it sounds like your really working hard and initially you probably had success but your body has adapted to the program and it's time to change it up. Since these suggestions are a significant change in your exercise program be sure to check with your physician especially if you have any health conditions.  The surprising thing about life after spinal fusion is how many activities you can pusue, however you do need to be caeful. Things to avoid: -sudden forceful twisting motions -spinal loading with your trunk excessively flexed or extended -activities that might unexpectedly and violently jar your spine -Olympic Lifting: the clean and jerk and other training lifts like Power Cleans -Martial Arts: Karate, Judo, Krav Maga Activities you can do: 1. Weight lifting: stay away from squats and deadlifts 2. Cycling 3. Swimming 4. Water Aerobics 5. Low Impact or Step Aerobics 6. Cross Country Skiing 7. Elliptical Trainers 8. Stair Climbing 9. Dancing: Avoid moves that excessively twist, flex, or extend the spine 10. Gardening Also look for groups or clubs in your area.Exercising with a partner or group always makes it easier. Look on the internet or in the newspaper for masters swim teams, walking and hiking groups or cycling clubs. Recommended Stretches Click on the link below it has numerous stretches that can help with directions and pictures of the stretches. Back Pain Help Center Finally exercise is a great way to maintain your health even after spinal fusion just keep in mind: 1. start and progress slowly 2. avoid activities that put your spine at risk 3. find an activity your enjoy For more info think about joining webMD's back pain community, this online group features back pain experts and people just like you who can pass along valuable info about living your best life. Click on the link below to learn more: webMD Back Pain Support Group  First, check with your physician and make sure it's safe for you to exercise as some pre-exhisting conditions might prohibit you from exercising during your pregnancy. After you've received your physicians OK, heres some low impact activities that you might enjoy. 1. Walking: easy to do and you control how rigorous it is. Click on the link pasted and and it will take you to an article that maps out exactly how to safely start a walking program 2. Water Aerobics: Many health and swim clubs offer these classes and since your performing the exercises in the water there is very little stress on the body. I know in my area a couple of facilities offer aqua aerobics specifically for expectant mothers. If you want some more info click on the hyperlink below to find out more 3. Yoga. However due to the high heat any class labeled Bikram or Hot should be avoided. Also, avoid poses that really work the abdominal muscles after the first trimester. In the link pasted below, you'll find some great info on yoga and pregnancy http://www.webmd.com/fitness-exercise/yoga-anyone-can-do-it?page=6 Also be sure to visit webMDs pregnancy center at Theres tons of great info and a discussion community you could join. While I've listed a few alternatives here I'm sure the members there definitely have some good alternatives to offer. Whatever you decide on the key is to start slowly and gradually increase your duration and intensity. Remember how much and how hard you work really depends on what your goals are. One of the things, I find so interesting about exercise is not how much you have to do but how little you have to do to receive some sort of benefit.  <!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <o:OfficeDocumentSettings> <o:AllowPNG></o:AllowPNG> </o:OfficeDocumentSettings> </xml><![endif]--> This is a tough question to answer without a little more information. The major one being, what are you goals or why are you exercising? -to lose weight -training for an event (10k race or mini-marathon) -training for an intense vacation (climbing Mount Kilimanjaro) -stress management -or are you just training for life 1. Weight loss -combine both aerobic exercise and strength training into your routine -these can either be done on the same day or on different days -plan on exercising 5-6 days a week -work up to 150-300 minutes of moderate intensity exercise a week or 60-80 minutes of vigorous intensity exercise -keep in mind intensity always trumps volume, meaning vigorous intensity exercises can actually burn more calories in a shorter period of time than longer slower workouts -you need to slowly increase the time you exercise and the intensity to avoid injury 2. Training for a race or intense vacation -make sure you tackle all three types of workouts: aerobic, strength, and flexibility -plan on training 5-6 days a week -shuffle both your intensity and duration to maximize performance -look for clubs and groups in your area that can give you specific tips 3. Stress Management -as much as you want as long as it doesn't become a chore or you overdue it -many people find light exercise (walking, meditative yoga) 3-4 times a week for 20-30 minutues really helps 4. Training for life -any of the tips from above will help -however also be sure to include some balance and agility work in your routine as we age balance and agility decline which can result in falls and injury For more info follow visit these links -Lose weight fast: how to do it safely -Sofa to 5K running tips -Yoga for stress management -Functional Fitness  Its important to keep in mind that you can't make someone change their habits if they don't want to. However, you can give them alternatives. First, what does you son like to do? Work from there to find some activities he might be interested in. If he enjoys video games what about utilizing Wii technology to start some family games of tennis or bowling. Click on the link below to learn more: Second, look into non-traditional varieties of exercise. I had a friend whose daughter wasn't very active then fell in love with horses. She then spent a great deal of her time either riding or caring for (grooming, cleaning stalls, etc) Now is this exercise yes but not like we normally think of it. She didn't measure her heart rate or look to see how long she had been in the barn. It was a way for her to get moving that she loved that involved lots of hard manual labor. Now she's healthy as a horse. I know bad pun but I couldn't help myself. Finally, look into some activities you could do as a family. Is there an indoor climbing facility in your town? It's a great form of exercise and really exciting to boot. What about laser tag,paintball, or geo-caching? Geo-caching is described as outdoor treasure hunting. Using GPS coordinates you locate caches left behind by other enthusiasts or even companies. Its fun and generally involves lots of walking. For some additional information about geocaching and other activities click on the links below  Yes, there are a number of exercises you can do 1. Planks: Starting position: Lying on the floor assume the up position in a push up. Hands flat on the floor, abs tight, legs straight. Helpful tips: -be sure to look straight ahead (in this case your looking at the floor directly beneath you). This keeps your cervical spine in a neutral position. -If this bothers your wrists, perform them with your elbows bent and your forearms flat on the floor -as fatigue sets in, don't tighten your neck muscles by clenching your jaw this might irritate your neck -repetitions: 3 times 30 seconds 2. Side Planks Starting Position: Lying on your side with your legs straight and stacked one on top of the other, your hips flat on the floor, elbow bent. The elbow is directly underneath the shoulder and the forearm is flat on the floor. Exercise: Raise your hips and legs off the floor, at this point the only thing in contact with the floor is one foot (the other is stacked on top of the one supporting you), your elbow, and forearm. The free arm can either remain resting on your side or you can raise it ou to form a t-position. Hold for 30 seconds, then rollover and perform lying on the other side Helpful tips: -just like with planks keep your cervical spine in a neutral position by looking straight ahead. 3. Crunches and Sit-ups -Many times these exercises can still be done in folks with neck problems. However there are 3 key points to keep in mind. 1. Don't clasp your hands behind your head. Many times as people tire they begin pulling on there head to bring their body up---irritating the neck. 2. Fold your arms across your chest or keep them straight at your sides, this will stop you from pulling on your neck. 3. Really concentrate on leading with your upper back and torso versus your head. The abdominal muscles are responsible for flexing your torso not the neck. By concentrating on using your abs, you can keep your neck in a neutral position. 4. Knee Tucks on a stability ball Starting Position: Assume the position I described in the first plank exercise your shins are now resting on the top of the stability ball. Exercise: Tighten your abdominal muscles and slowly draw your knees towards your chest. Pause, then return back to the starting position with your legs straight Helpful Tips -Exhale as you pull your knees towards you -Keep your neck in a neutral position by looking down at the floor 5. Since your dealing with an injury its important to start slow, concentrate on your form and proceed cautiously before attempting new exercises. Also run these exercises by the physician treating you for this condition to avoid re-injury For some additional exercises and video directions for some great exercises click on the links below  It can be really frustrating when your doing all that work and not seeing the results you want. However, getting rid of stubborn fat around the waist requires both exercise and good nutrition. I know in your question you laid out all the things that you weren't eating and that sounds great. However since your not getting the results you want it's time to gather a little more dietary information so you can suceed. webMD has a bunch of tools to help you do just that. The link pasted below is for webMD's food and fitness planner page. When you visit the page, you can set up an account (for free) that lets you determine how many calories you need a day to take in to lose weight. It also lets you record the foods you eat and tracks the calories for you. This will be a huge help. Many people underestimate how many calories they consume a day so this is one way to make sure your not eating more then you need. Also, since it tracks the calories for you many times people report that after keeping a food diary they actually eat even healthier so they can maximize the number of foods they can eat/day. For example, the average candy bar has about 220 calories. A healthier snack of 1 serving of string cheese, 1 cup of baby carrots, and 1/2 cup of red grapes only has about 192 calories. Eating high quality foods---veggies, fruits, lean proteins, and healthy fats in the right portions will get you where you want to be. Also you might find that by getting your diet squared away you can actually decrease the amount of time your exercising.  Walking on your breaks is an excellent choice. However, you might also want to work in some strengthening and stretching exercises as well. Strengthening Exercises (begin with one set of 10-15 repetitions and increase up to 3 sets of 15 repetitions for each exercise) 1. Sit to Stand: Just like it says stand up then sit down. 2. Body weight Squat: With your feet shoulder width apart, squat down as far as comfortable and then stand back up. 3. Push-ups: Yes just like you did in PE class back in the day. If you can't do them on the floor, do standing push-ups, standing an arms length from a wall, bring your arms to chest level and lean into the wall so your hands are touching the wall, then perform push-ups just like you would if you were lying on the floor. 4. Floor crunches: lie on the floor with your feet flat, knees bent and your hands clasped behind your head, slowly lift your upper back off the floor, pause and then lower down to the starting position. For some additional suggestions click on the links below, the bonus is they are videos so you can see how to perform the exercise with perfect form, decreasing the chance of injury. Don't forget to stretch, sitting hunched over in front of a computer day after day is a sure fire recipe for low back, shoulder and neck pain. Repeat each stretch 3 times 1. Half moon stretch: seated at your desk, sit up straight with both feet flat on the floor, raise your arms over your head with your fingers pointing to the ceiling, lift your torso up and then gently bend at the waist to one side (hold for a count of 10-15), return to the middle then repeat on the other side 2. Chest stretch: sitting up straight in a chair with both feet flat on the floor and your back unsupported, move your arms behind you then if you can clasp your hands. Next gently raise your arms or hands to the ceiling while keeping your back straight. (hold for a count of 10-15 seconds) 3. Neck Rotation: sitting straight in your chair, slowly turn your head to look over your shoulder, hold for a count of 5, then turn your head back to the center and turn to the other side. For some more stretching ideas click on the link below: Try these and see how they work. However if its been a long time since you've exercised or if you have a history of illness or injury be sure to check with you doctor before starting.  I here this a great deal at the school I teach at. If you really want to gain some weight you need to develop a comprehensive nutrition and exercise plan. First, keep a food diary for three days. Are you really eating as much as you think? When counseling athletes at school I generally recommend they consume 1.8-2.0 grams of protein a day per kilogram of body weight. So for you at 150 lbs = 68 kilograms that would put your protein needs in the range of 122 -136 grams a day. Now that you know what your eating and how much protein you need. Develop an eating plan. Here's an example: Breakfast 1 large egg scrambled 1 cup old fashioned oat with one tablespoon honey 1 banana 1 cup skim milk Protein in meal = 20 grams Lunch 2 grilled chicken breasts (8 ounces) 2 cups of veggies (broccoli, green beans, califlower) 1 apple 1 serving greek yogurt Protein in meal = 69 grams Dinner 1 servings baked pork tenderloin (3 ounces) remove all fat 2 cups of veggies 1 banana 1/2 cup fat free cottage cheese Protein in meal = 38 grams Snacks 1 apple with 2 tablespoons of peanut butter (protein: 7 grams) 1/4 cup sunflower seed, string cheese, fruit (protein: 12 grams) Total Protein for the day = 147 grams Notice there's no junk food (chips, soft drinks, etc) or any expensive supplements just good solid nutritional foods. Regarding exercise, the best way to add weight is by adding muscle. To do this you need a well thought out strength training plan. Follow the link pasted below to find a great beginners workout on webMD As you advance you can find some additional info here Like I said earlier the key to healthy weight gain is with a comprehensive nutrition and exercise plan both of which you can find here at webMD. To be on the safe side, be sure to check with your physician before starting.  Your mother can definitely increase the strength of the muscles that surround and support the knee. The good thing is it doesn't take hours and all of them can be performed at home. Starting position: sitting with both feet flat and her walker in front of her Exercise: Slowly and with control come to a standing position Finish Position: Slowly and with control return to the seated position Important Safety and Progression Points 1. In the beginning let her use both arms to push up. 2. As she gets stronger and can perform 10 repetitions with little effort have her only use one arm to push up. After that progress to using no arm movement to come to standing 3. Once that becomes easy, switch chairs. Chairs that are lower to the ground are much more difficult to get out off. However when you do this allow her to push off with both arms and progress her through just like you did before. 4. Also if loss of balance or dizziness upon standing is a problem make sure someone is standing next to her when she's performing this exercise. 5. Start slowly begin with just 3 repetitions and progress to 10. Starting Position: Sitting up straight in a chair with both feet flat and a leg weight attached to the ankle Exercise: Slowly and with control straighten the leg like you were going to kick a ball Finish Position: Slowly lower to the floor and repeat for a total of 10 times. Switch the ankle weight to the other side and repeat Important Safety and Progression Points 1. With this one its better to start off with a very light weight and progress as needed as sometimes it can bother the knee. Starting Position: sitting up straight in a chair with both feet flat on the floor and the leg weight from the previous exercise lying on the thigh Exercise: Lift the leg up towards you keeping the knee bent. Slowly lower and repeat for a total of 10. Switch the weight to the other side and repeat Just performing 1 set of 10 repetitions of each of these exercises can make a big difference in her strength and mobility. However, it's important that as she gets stronger that you increase the resistance (lower chair or a heavier weight). These exercises should challenge her but not exhaust her. The key is to start small and build from there. As with any new exercise program make sure its OK with her doctor before beginning  I understand that the program is based on points, but I'm not sure what their policy for exercise is. I would speak to someone knowledgeable from Weight Watchers. I'm sure they have dietitians/nutrition professions available to trouble shoot challenges.  Although research suggests that people who stop exercising gain more weight over time than people who stay active, everyone is different. Exercise, especially the type that strengthens the body, helps build muscle which weighs more than fat. After exercise is stopped there is some lean tissue loss.   That fact that you lost that much weight in less than a week tells me that it's mostly fluid and not actual fat or muscle. It would be impossible to figure out the reason for this based on the information you have provided. The best thing to do is to let your parents know and see your primary healthcare provider to find out what is going on. If it is something like diabetes, which can cause sudden weight loss, the sooner you get help the better. The scary part is not knowing. Don't delay!  It sounds like you are doing what you need to do in terms of dealing with stress including meditation but it might take time to see results. I suggest taking a closer look at your diet to make sure you are eating filling foods. What is your dinner meal like? Foods that increase satiety or feeling of fullness tend to be rich in protein and fiber. So a lean protein source (lean meat or beans) with fruits and veggies, whole grains and healthy fats work well. Also, if you crave sweets but aren't allowing yourself any, that may be increasing your cravings. Try including sensible amounts on a reglar basis. Ideas include dark chocolate or small amounts of your favorite treat. Also make sure you eat a hearty breakfast and lunch as smaller meals earlier in the day tend to increase hunger later in the day. A mindful or intuitive eating style may be helpful to you. There are a variety of books on the subject that can help. Good luck!  First off, if you are thinking the thoughts you mentioned in your question, seek help from a mental health professional.  There is no evidence that taking extra B vitamins helps or hinders weight loss. While these vitamins play an important role in metabolism, taking extra does not rev of the metabolism.   It's difficult to say exactly why your wife isn't losing weight without more information, but here are some things to consider: How is she tracking her calories? It is possible that she is getting more than she thinks she is. Seeing a registered dietitian can help her examine her food intake for hidden calories. High levels of activity mixed with low calorie intake may increase cortisol (levels stress hormone) and cause weight to stay where it is. This is a theory but I have seen it many times. Your wife can experiment with cutting back the exercise or increasing her calorie intake. Unless she's enjoying the exercise, it likely isn't sustainable so I suggest she focused on doing something she enjoys. If your wife did not exercise at all before it is possible she is gaining some muscle mass and losing fat even the scale isn't moving. Other factors can cause weight to plateau such as stress and lack of sleep. See this WebMD article for more ideas. Weight loss -- and especially weight loss maintenance -- can be a challenging task. I suggest your wife get help and support with the process. The key is to address the reasons for the weight gain, in addition to tackling food and exercise.  It is generally accepted that regular exercise increases HDL (good cholesterol) and lowers triglycerides (fat in the blood) but has no effect on LDL (bad cholesterol). Consistent and regular exericse of all types is a beneficial way to improve cardiovasular disease risk factors and overall quality of life. For more information read Exercise to Control Your Cholesterol.  Although HDL levels are genetically linked, and tend to be lower in males, there are some things you can do to help increase your levels. Here are some ideas: Exercise on a regular basis -- 30 minutes of cardiovascular exercise on most days Replace saturated fats (animal fats/baked goods/fried foods etc) with plant sources of fat including vegetable oils (olive oil and canola), avocado, nuts and seeds and nut butters. Drink alcohol in moderation (if you don't drink now, there is no need to start). Eat a diet that is low in refined carbohydrates (white bread, sugar, candy etc.) but high in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean protein and healthy fats. Include soy in your diet. For more details on increasing HDL cholesterol, see this WebMD article. Good luck!  Maybe you could start with smaller bouts of exercise instead of 50 minutes. Start walking for 5 minutes per day and as you feel stronger increase to 10 and so on. Make sure you eat something about 30 minutes before exercising, like a banana, yogurt or granola bar. If you are low on glycogen (stores of carbohydrates in muscle), it could increase your tiredness after exercise. If you continue to feel tired without a good reason, visit your healthcare provider for a full blood work-up. Certain nutrient deficiencies, like anemia, can also make you tired.  Every person burns a certain amount calories at rest along with activities of daily living which is called basal metabolic rate. Upping exercise is one way to increase the total amount of calories you burn daily. This will help you estimate your basal metabolic rate. The key is to monitor how much weight you lose. A safe and steady amount is 1 to 2 pounds per week.   What is most concerning is that you don't check your blood sugars often. It's possible that an infection could increase your sugars, but you need to stay on top of it. I suggest making an appointment with your doctor to get lab work done including an hemoglobin A1C. This will give you an idea of what your average blood sugars have been over the past few months. Then, you'll want to be more vigilant with diet and checking your blood sugar. Anyone who has had gastric bypass should receive regular follow up (yearly) to deal with the challenges of maintaining weight loss and checking for deficiencies such as vitamin B12, iron and vitamin D. I would make an appointment with you gastric bypass doctor for follow up if you haven't already. Take care of yourself!  The goal should not be to lower your metabolism, but to start feeding yourself better and reap the benefits of activity, which can result in muscle gain. It doesn't matter if you get adequate protein if you are missing out on other important, nonprotein calories and nutrients. That's because inadequate carbohydrate and fat intake (total calories) means protein is used for energy instead of for muscle formation. Exercising more can increase your appetite and weight training can gradually help you put on muscle. It may take time to see results but because muscle weighs more than fat, you are likely to gain weight. Here are some tips: Eat regular meals and snacks every day. Try to plan your meals ahead of time and have items you can put together for quick and healthy meals. Gradually build a list of balanced meals you can make for yourself. Include 3-5 food groups at meals including a whole grain, lean protein, fruits, vegetables, dairy and healthy fats. For example, in the morning you might have a big bowl of oatmeal topped with fruit and nuts and a side boiled egg. Include 2-3 food groups at snack time which may consist of cheese and whole grain crackers or an apple with peanut butter or half a meat sandwich with veggie sticks. Gradually increase exercise to include cardiovascular exercise and resistance training. For tips on how to exercise to build muscle, see this article. What you may discover during this process is how much better you feel by moving more and eating better. You won't regret starting on a healthier road!  When it comes to constipation, fiber, hydration and moving are important. There are other sources of fiber you can include such as whole grains, bran cereals, beans and legumes, a variety of fruit (especially prunes or fruit with skins like apples) and flaxmeal. Adequate fat can also help and it sounds like you are getting very little as can sources of probiotics (yogurt/kefir in smoothies etc).  While drinking water is part of a healthy lifestyle, drinking more and not doing anything else will not lower blood pressure.  If you just started a weight training program it is possible to gain some muscle that may show up on the scale. While exercise plays a role in weight management, so does diet. So you want to take a look at your eating habts, not just in terms of what you eat but how much. Research shows that some people compesate for physical activity by eating more. Make sure you eat regular meals at the table, honor feelings of hunger and satiety and eat in between meals if you are hungry. Make sure you include plenty of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean protein sources, low fat dairy and healthy fats. It makes sense to see a registered dietitian (RD) for more guidance. You can find one in your area by going to eatright.org. An RD can help you make tweaks to your diet to help manage weight. Good luck!  First off, good for you for taking charge of your health! Between 5.7 and 6.4 is considered pre-diabetes and between 4-5.6 is normal. 6.5 or higher is considered diabetes. I'm sure if you continue to exercise and eat right it will be in the normal range in no time (you are practically there). For more on hemoglobin A1C  First off, congratulations on your weight loss! I think you have a couple of choices right now. You can focus on maintaining your weight with healthy habits, instead of losing, as you deal with your back issues and surgery. In order to lose weight, you will need to lower the calories you take in to make up for the lack of activity. It's best to do this with professional help such as a registered dietitian or through a medically supervised program. I don't know how much weight you have to lose, the calories you've been taking in, or the state of your health which are all factors to take under consideration. I think the first choice makes the most sense because lowering your calories without exercise can slow down your metabolism. You can also see a physical therapist to get ideas for exercises you can do. I encourage you not to go back to old eating habits and use this as an opportunity to live a healthy lifestyle without focusing on weight. You may be tempted to eat because of your situation but if you can maintain your weight and learn how to deal with stress in a healthy way, that is true success. And just because you are not losing weight now, doesn't mean you won't be able to in the future. Good luck!  In addition to exercise, what you eat can help a great deal. The DASH has been shown to help reduce blood pressure and it focuses on the following: A variety of fruits and vegetables a diet low in saturated fat and red meat Protein sources such as fish, lean poultry and nuts Whole grains (whole wheat, brown rice) over refined grains (white bread, white rice) Reduced sodium and less sweets in the diet For more recommendations on how to follow the DASH diet see this post. Good luck!  This depends on a few things. If you exercise first thing in the morning or late in the afternoon, you could quickly follow up with a healthy breakfast or dinner. If your workout is during non-meal time, it's best to have something to replenish your muscle carbohydrate stores (called glycogen) with a little bit of protein for muscle repair and synthesis. Research shows that eating foods with a combination of carbohydrates and protein is best (4:1 ratio) for recovery. Here are some examples: Whole wheat toast with peanut butter Fruit with nuts and seeds (trail mix) Apple with nut butter Fruit smoothie with added protein Yogurt topped with nuts Chocolate milk (research has shown this to be a great recovery drink) Granola/protein bar with the right combination of carb and protein For more on what to eat before, during and after exercise, see this WebMD article.  You say you are not overweight and do not state your weight, so it seems that focusing on the scale isn't the right answer. Instead, focus on creating a healthy lifestyle that is sustainable and above all, enjoyable. Incorporate healthy habits that make you feel good like regular exercise and eating fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean protein sources, low fat dairy, healthy fats and sensibly include energy-dense foods you really love. Aim to get the right amount o food for your body by providing yourself with regular balanced meals, eating at the table and stopping when satisfied and comfortably full. Avoid eating in front of the TV or as a way to handle stress. A recent study with women around your age showed that those who were at a normal weight but dissatisfied with their bodies, gained more weight over time than those satisfied with their bodies. If you chase the perfect body and diet frequently, it may increase your risk of future weight gain. Take the time to create a healthy lifestyle that fits your preferences and the right weight for you will follow. Good luck!    It sounds like you are losing weight and your body is changing. Here are some tips that might help:  I assume that you are getting help for the stress and depression, which is key in getting your appetite back as well. Here are some tips for eating a balanced diet for gradual and healthy weight gain: Get on a regular eating plan including 3 meals and 2-3 snacks. Plan your meals ahead of time and stick to meals meals that you can put together quickly. Over time, you will build a list of healthy, balanced meals you can make for yourself. Include 3-5 food groups at each main meal including a whole grain, lean protein, fruits, vegetables, dairy and healthy fats. For example, in the morning you might have a big bowl of oatmeal topped with fruit and nuts with a boiled egg. Lunch might be a turkey and avocado sandwich with a green salad and fruit. Include 2-3 food groups at snack time which may consist of cheese and whole grain crackers or an apple with peanut butter or half a peanut butter sandwich with raw vegetables and dip or fruit. Include smoothies with protein powder, fruit and veggies, avocado and yogurt/milk. Add healthy fats to foods. Examples include adding natural peanut or almond butter to toast, nuts to cereal or yogurt and avocado to beans. Find ways to be active most days. Exercising more can increase your appetite and you might want to consider strength training exercise to help you put on muscle. For more on healthy ways to gain weight see this article. Good luck!  I'm sorry to hear you are having a hard time. Before going the medication route, which has not been shown to be very effective, I highly recommend you see a registered dietitian for guidance. You can ask your doctor or go to eatright.org to find a dietitian in your area. It's important for you to understand why this happened in the first place, so you can develop a plan that will be a long-term solution and not just result in short-term weight loss, followed by weight regain. A dietitian will work with your history, lifestyle and preferences to help you develop a realistic plan. Most people don't realize that dieting leads to weight gain over time. How you handle your weight now, can make a big difference in your lifelong health. I know it's frustrating to be carrying this extra weight, but you won't regret taking the time to choose an approach that gets to the root of the problem. For sensible tips on managing weight after baby, see this WebMD article .  We all have a genetic blueprint to how our big or small are body is supposed to be. When we eat healthy, eat mindfully (meaning we don't eat past fullness often) and are active, weight tends to take care of itself.  For starters, get your vitamin D blood levels checked if you haven't already. Some people with low levels need to take high amounts to get blood levels where they need to be. Without adequate vitamin D, your body can't fully absorb calcium. You also want to make sure you participate in regular exercise -- weight bearing, resistance and cardiovascular types all help. And keeping your sodium intake in check can help increase calcium utilization in the body as high sodium diets tends to limit absorption from food. Lastly, check with your doctor about prevention and potential medications that can help. For more see this article from WebMD http://www.webmd.com/osteoporosis/features/building-stronger-bones  Hello,  Hi,  There is virtually no medical condition that will keep you from doing any type of exercise. Even people with congestive heart failure -- who were long told not to exercise at all -- can benefit from moderate amounts of activity. And people with limited mobility can often do water exercises, or do yoga or other exercises while seated in a chair (some "chair exercise" videos are now on the market). Of course, if you have any medical condition, check with your doctor before starting an exercise program. If you have questions about your condition or are still not sure what exercise you can safely do, please consult your physician.  The 60-minute suggestion is based on the National Academy of Science's recommendation for people who are trying to prevent weight gain, or keep themselves from regaining after weight loss -- not for people who are trying to increase or maintain their cardio-respiratory fitness or health. There's plenty of research to show that 30 minutes of physical activity a day will help you gain lots of health and fitness benefits. The American College of Sports Medicine recommends a five- to 10-minute warm-up and then 30 to 45 minutes of continuous aerobic activity three to five times a week, with a stretch and cool down period in the last five to 10 minutes. The ACSM also recommends weight training. Both guidelines will help improve your health and fitness. Following the more vigorous ACSM recommendation will make you more aerobically fit, and its strength-training component will make you stronger and more toned. The U.S. Surgeon General guideline, meanwhile, may be easier to fit into your lifestyle -- not replacing the ACSM guideline, but complementing it. If you already exercise vigorously at the gym several times a week, there's no reason to quit. But if the ACSM recommendation is too much for you, the Surgeon General's report offers you an alternative. The most important thing is that you do something .  If you're training for an endurance event like a marathon, when you might run 60 miles or more per week, you'll almost always see a decrease in your muscle mass. For most of us, who do more moderate amounts of physical activity, there will be minimal, if any, loss in muscle mass from aerobic exercise -- so there's nothing to worry about. If you do plan on lots of aerobic exercise and are concerned about losing muscle, try starting with 20-30 minutes of moderate aerobic exercise (at 50% to 70% of your maximum heart rate) two to three days per week, and see how it goes.  If you're new to exercise, or have struggled with it in the past, talk with your doctor about your exercise plans. After that, start by incorporating more activity into your daily life. For instance: If you always take the elevator, try the stairs. If you try to park next to the door of wherever you're going, park farther away and walk. If your habit is to eat at your desk, take a 10- to 20-minute walk first, then have your lunch (or take a walk after you eat). Instead of watching TV all day Saturday and Sunday, plan active weekends. Go to the park, take a walking tour, ride your bike, or row a boat. Whichever plan you decide on, it's a good idea to set weekly goals: Write down what activity you plan to do, on what day of the week, for how long, and at what time of day. Be as specific and realistic as possible. For instance, write down "Tuesday: Walk for 20 minutes at 7 p.m., to the park and back." At the end of each week, review your goals and set new ones for the upcoming week. Research shows that setting goals will help you stick to your program. It will clarify what you're supposed to do and let you track your progress. If you hit a roadblock later on, you can refer back to what has worked in the past, or use your accomplishments to re-energize yourself.  There's no "best" way to do it. Generally, if you get hungry during or after exercise, or you feel your energy is running low during the workout, then have a snack 30 minutes before the workout. Carbs and protein like in an energy bar are good. If you feel okay during the workout not eating, then it's okay. Some people can eat a full meal before working out, but for the most part, too much food in the gut will make you feel uncomfortable during the workout. Again, if you run low on energy without food during exercise, then have something to eat.  You can do lunges and stair climbing for your legs. No external resistance, just your own body weight. If you have someone to hold you by the legs, you can do back extensions by lying on your belly with your torso off the bed and lift your back up. You can also just do this lying on the floor, then you won't need anyone to hold you. For lats, you can lie down on the floor, bring your arms up in front of you, elbows on the floor, and press down trying to lift your torso off the floor. That will work lats. You can also do chair dips, they will work your lats a little.  Congratulations! It sounds like you are doing an excellent job with your lifestyle changes. Diet and exercise are the cornerstones of treating both heart disease and diabetes. But at the same time, there are many studies that show that taking statins after a heart attack can actually help prevent future heart attacks as well. A major study called the CARE trial showed that people who were on statins for at least 5 years after a heart attack were less likely to need further procedures, such as bypass surgery or stents. They were also less likely to die from heart disease. Statins can help keep plaque from building up in the arteries, including those around the heart. In some cases, they can actually cause a regression of the plaque. A statin may also help stabilize this plaque so that it is less likely to break and cause a blood clot. A blood clot in an artery on the heart wall is what causes most heart attacks. It is very important that you work closely with your doctor. Your lipid levels and other risk factors should continue to be carefully monitored. Talk to your doctor about any concerns you have about your medications. Working together, you will be able to come up with a long term treatment plan that is right for you. Keep up the great work!  You are not alone! One out of every 10 people in the U.S. gets heartburn at least once a week. One of the most common causes of heartburn is acid reflux. This happens when stomach acid washes back up into the esophagus or food tube. It is good that you dont smoke or drink. These are major triggers for heartburn in many people. Acidic foods and coffee can also cause heartburn. Some other things that may help prevent heartburn include: 	Elevate the head of your bed with 6 or 8 inch blocks or use a wedge under the mattress. 	Wear clothing that is loose around your waist. 	Dont lie down after eating. 	Avoid foods that cause you symptoms. Some people get heartburn with fatty foods, chocolate, peppermint or soda. 	Lose weight if you are overweight 	Eat smaller meals If you have been having heartburn more than once or twice a week or if has been going on for more than a couple of weeks, you may have a more serious condition called acid reflux disease or GERD. (gastroesophageal reflux disease). Symptoms of heart disease can also feel like heartburn. Make an appointment with your doctor. He or she can find out what is causing your symptoms and help you get relief. For more information, check out the WebMD Heartburn/GERD Health Center  We tend to advise our patients to avoid high impact activities following hip and knee arthroplasty procedures. So we do not want people running or jumping if it can be avoided. There really is no consensus opinion about activities following hip and knee replacement. Different surgeons will allow different amounts of activity. If a patient of mine wants to do some weight training I tend to advise them to avoid really heavy weights and focus more on "reps". I also tend to tell my patients to try to maintain exercise as they can because I certainly feel that the benefit gained from the exercise likely outweighs the wear seen by the implant. It is certain that you will have less wear if you do not exercise at at all but that will likely come at the expense of your overall health.  ... Standard guidelines recommend a general approach of starting with lifestyle modification (eating and exercise) and then adding medications if blood sugar levels are not adequately controlled. If diabetes is newly diagnosed because a patient presents with symptoms of high blood sugar (such as excess thirst, excess urination, blurry vision, etc.) then we typically use medication immediately to bring the blood sugar closer to normal and alleviate the symptoms. Furthermore, metformin is approved to use in prediabetes to delay or prevent the onset of type 2 diabetes, and one can justify using metformin in anyone with type 2 diabetes or prediabetes. The threshold for starting medication can therefore be any point between A1c of about 5.9 to 7.0. Once the A1c is higher than 7.0 it is harder to justify delaying medication. In any case, doctors and patients need to have discussions about the benefits, risks, and drawbacks of using medications, and these benefits, risks, and drawbacks change depending on the degree of glucose control and the type of drug(s) being considered. Personally, I start to think about starting metformin if a patient cant keep the A1c below 6.5. If someone wants to use lifestyle change and weight loss to reduce medication I usually discontinue the sulfonylurea type drugs (glyburide, glipizide) if the blood sugar levels start to dip below around 70-80 mg/dL, or the A1c goes below 6.5. I like to stop the metformin once the A1c stays below 6.0 for about 3 months, provided that the patient can maintain or extend the weight loss and lifestyle changes.  I do think the exercise part is important. Perhaps not as important as eating properly, but still important. People with obesity who exercise and who have a good level of cardiovascular fitness can be as healthy or even healthier than people without obesity who do not exercise. The health benefits are much more than what we can see with a scale. Exercise is not entirely without risk (due to overuse injury, etc.) but the benefits always outweigh the risks, even in severe obesity.  In my view, the 48-hour break is applicable to maximal weight-bearing exercise (high resistance/low reps). This type of exercise strategy presumably creates micro-tears in the muscle fibers resulting in inflammation and repair which needs a couple of days to complete. This strategy is designed for building muscle size. Most or all body builders use this strategy, and would not typically work the same major muscle groups two days in a row. Push-ups and other similar high-rep low-resistance exercise is probably not undergoing the same repair cycle.  Aerobic exercise and resistance training are both beneficial for diabetes and lower the hemoglobin A1c levels. Structured exercise programs typically produce better results than exercise advice, simply because the structured exercise programs achieve greater intensity and duration and greater compliance, than when patients are left to their own devices to get the recommended exercise. In fact, studies with exercise advice typically produced no improvement in the hemoglobin A1c (due to poor compliance) unless dietary improvements were also made. The best combination is always simultaneous dietary improvement plus exercise (cardio and/or resistance), and the more structured or formalized the better. In fact, while patients who achieve the standard recommended 2.5 hours per week see greater improvements in hemoglobin A1c than those who do not meet this standard; those patients who exceed the standard get even greater improvements!  So exercise and sleep, theres significant amount of data to show that a regular amount of exercise will help with sleep, specifically increasing deep sleep. So one of the questions when we talk about working with the boomers and people who are in that age range, is that if they can get daily exercise, it will actually help increase their overall sleep. do you want to exercise right before bed? Well, thats a great question and the data is very mixed on this. I have some patients who are what I call type-A personalities and pretty anxious folks. I actually have them exercising before bed, which isnt something that is usually recommended because for them, exercise causes a relaxation response. So for them, its perfect to exercise before bed. I have other patients, people who are a little bit more melancholy and blue, where exercise actually gives them energy, so these people, I have them exercising in the morning. So, it really depends upon your overall personality type to know and understand when you should exercise. But overall, I definitely recommend exercise for sleep.  I am very biased towards exercise. In fact, some studies have shown that exercise works as good or better than antidepressants for mild to moderate depression. I know with a busy lifestyle it can be difficult to find time for exercise. We often think in terms of being unable to find time for exercise. Instead, we should turn our thinking around, so that we're making time for exercise. Even if it's 20 minutes a day, the benefits will more than pay off. 10 minutes in the morning and 10 minutes in the evening can even do the trick if that's all the time you have. Ideally, 30 minutes of steady exercise a few days a week is best. Here's more information on how truly wonderful exercise can be for depression . If you're interested in supplements, there are several that medical research has shown to be effective. The supplements that have the most evidence to support them are SAMe and St. John's wort. Studies have shown that SAMe may work as well as antidepressants. The studies in this area aren't great but the supplement certainly shows promise. There is a lot of research showing St. John's wort can help as well as some antidepressants. It's been shown to improve mood and anxiety and improve sleep related to depression. Another possibility is 5-HTP, which again has been shown in some studies to work as well as certain antidepressants. If you are already on an antidepressant, you should definitely talk to your doctor before taking any supplement to make sure there are no drug interactions. Of course, if you haven't seen a doctor about your depression, you absolutely should. You want to make sure that is in fact what's going on and that you're getting the right treatment based on your depression. Everyone is different and you and your doctor know your body the best. The two of you can work together to tackle your depression.  Absolutely. Cardio exercise, including aerobics, is one of the best things you can do to lose belly fat and fat anywhere. Strive for 30 minutes of moderate cardio exercise (aerobics, fast walking/jogging, elliptical, biking etc) at least 5 days per week. On a 10-point scale, moderate means you're working at about a level 5 or 6. If you don't have this much time, you can pump up the intensity to vigorous exercise and slim down the time to 20 minutes and get the same benefit. Vigorous exercise would be a 7 to 8 on a 10-point scale. In fact, if you do vigorous exercise, 3 days a week should do the trick. Of course, the more you do, the more fat and calories you'll burn. Interval training is a great way to get your body used to vigorous exercise. To start, do 2 minutes of moderate, alternating with 30 seconds of vigorous for 20 minutes. As you get in better shape, you can increase the vigorous exercise time. Good luck!  Getting your blood sugar under control quickly is very important. The damage to your body starts well before your blood sugars are in the diabetic range. That's why once we know you have diabetes (or even prediabetes) it's very important to act quickly to get things under control. Even once you start medicine, it's also very important to continue to work on your weight and exercise. It's wonderful that you're focused on that! Once you start medicine, it doesn't mean you have to be on it forever. Most people with diabetes can actually go off medicine if they get their weight down enough and make the right lifestyle changes. I would encourage you to discuss this issue further with your doctor as only he knows your health as well as you do. But it is important to get your blood sugar under control as quickly as possible and your best bet is probably to take the medicine as your doctor suggests, remembering it can be just temporary.  Diet, exercise, and especially weight loss if needed are the first things to try. If you are doing all you can in those areas, then the only other thing that will have a significant effect is medicine. Fish oil supplements may help but the evidence for them is conflicting with over-the-counter supplements and your triglycerides aren't high enough for prescription fish oil. You could try to work with a personal trainer and a nutritionist to see if you can optimize your program to lower your triglycerides even more. Otherwise, medicines may be your best option.  Rod Moser, PA, PhD, Thank you very much for your answer. I'm going to try doing some aerobics first. I looked at some photos from when I was around 5-6 years old and I already had this. Plus I was overweight just like I am still a bit now. I know a year when I weighted 80KG my male breasts were a lot bigger than they are now(there is a lot of "extra skin". Again, thank you for your answer.  Hi If your on 3 meals a day, try splitting that up to 6/7 meals a day, this way you will spread out what your eating, and hopefully take away your hunger and you being irritable. But learn to enjoy any exercise you do, if not make it enjoyable, do it with a good friend, get some banter going between you both. Enjoy a good laugh, try being happy, smile more, all ways of getting over being irritable. So please be happy. Good Luck  Hi At what age are you?  To Lightingguy, yes that all he needs is a bottle expensive Man ! man oil, now let me guess you work for Man 1 Man somehow you seem to push it a lot, tell you what your going to be reported, your just advertising.  Hi, First you are your best drug for this problem, if you are to be king of you domain. Its very simple thing to do, just go to www,pegym.com look under exercises, and your looking for edging, its on page 2, once you get this going your be able to last all night, your be your new wife's real lover. Do hope edging dose it for you. Good Luck  Hi OK Its not such a big problem if you think about it, just think sitting down and how much you can do from there, if you need help see a trainer at a gym for ideas. Now the next idea is to just go swimming that's if you have a pool you can get to, swimming is all low impact exercising, and is as good as walking for your heart and body. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This is a visual thing you have, and would best if your doctor looks at it. But you say exercise, was this with weights, if so this could be a strain, if so you could do with just taken a break for a couple of weeks, this kind of strain will take a couple of weeks or more to recover. But I would still see your doctor. do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, OK you have not said from were the leak is coming from? So here we go, if its anal just get some sanitary towels and wear one in your pants. If its from your penis wear a sock on it, for some extra protection. Do this till you have an answer. Good Luck  Hi Your find it the hormones, somehow you will need to adjust your diet, and increase your exercise program. Its either a happy sex life by taken the pill, or you will always be worried things are ok about his condoms, and all the other problems concerning male sperm. Just give it a couple more weeks to see how you settle down with it, you could try changing brands. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I Don't think there is anything like what you want, if there was they would be selling it by the ton. See if this make sense, the burn I'm talking about is doing sit ups at a very low angle, and you do have to go for it, it dose work, I've seen it done with body builders many years ago before they went into competition and shows, mind you this was back in the late 60s, from what I've heard its not changed that much, same with doing side twists. You just need to keep at it, this fat is the hardest to move. The lower cals may help. Good Luck  Hi, Your blood pressure rises with each heartbeat and falls when your heart relaxes between beats. While BP can change from minute to minute with changes in posture, exercise, stress or sleep, it should normally be less than 120/80 mm Hg (less than 120 systolic AND less than 80 diastolic) for an adult age 20 or over. Good Luck  Hi, I think your find most women have one breast bigger than the other, same as you may find one slightly different position to the other, its just the way nature treats us. But I think your best place would be a gym, find a women instructor and put your question to her, this way she may need to look at them to see your problem, you wont get embarrassed if it was a man looking at your problem. Do Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, NO, its good for your body to sweat during exercise, shows your working hard. Good Luck  Hi Your best bet is to get to a gym, start a course for upper arm work, this way you gets a sports trainer, to show you how to do the exercises you need best for you and your problem, you can also talk things over, I t would be a lot better for you that way. Good Luck  Hi If this exercise involve's danger then you will get an adrenaline rush, or doing it in public for the first time may do it as well. But sometimes its doing something you have been told not to do, and acting or singing in public. But the best ones are sky diving or bungee jumping. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Sounds like somebody either needs an enema or a high colonic irrigation, either should give you a good old clean out. Good Luck  Hi You could try loads of swimming, this way you can keep the weight of your joints, but you need to go for it, and be in the water at least 3 times a week. ok as for your cholesterol, have a read of this. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2010/08/10/making-sense-of-your-cholesterol-numbers.aspx Look with this link you need to scroll down a bit till you get top the article. Also have a read of this guys site on statins. Duane Graveline md and statin drugs Do hope some of this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Get off to your doctor, sounds like it could be your prostate muscle, as this is behind the area your talking about. It could be CPPS as a suggestion. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Heres a list that may help you. Many arrhythmias occur as a complication of a heart condition. For example, Ischaemic heart disease (which causes angina and heart attacks). This reduces the blood supply to parts of the heart which may include parts of the conducting system. A damaged section of heart muscle (following a heart attack) can trigger an arrhythmia, or block electrical impulses. Heart valve diseases can cause the heart muscle to enlarge which can trigger abnormal electrical activity. For example, AF is a common complication of mitral valve disease. High blood pressure can put strain on the heart and cause arrhythmias. Age-related degeneration (ageing) around the conducting fibres is one cause of complete heart block. Cardiomyopathy (a disorder of the heart muscle) can sometimes cause arrhythmias. Some arrhythmias are due to abnormalities in the electrical pathways, which are present from birth. One example is an extra electrical pathway which sometimes develops between the atria and ventricles. This can cause a type of SVT. (However, symptoms may not first start until you are a young adult.) Some congenital heart defects are associated with certain arrhythmias. Inflammation of the heart and other less common heart disorders are other possible causes. Your should find out that sex is not the bad fro what your asking, a good orgasm does release some good things around our bodys, as for exercise, as long as its not to herd or fast, you should be OK swimming would be good for you its gentle and less stressful and also low impact. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Seeing as tests have come up blank, I would start doing a course of kegels, just google kegels and you should find out how to do them, there very simple, it could be you have a weakness of the bladder, doing these will strengthen it up, if you can find them you can also do reversed ones as well, so you would be working your pelvic floor both ways. I do hope these help you. Good Luck  Hi Women who exercise do tend to get skipped periods, so this could be your reason, unless your have been having unprotected sex? that would do it as well. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Have a good read through this link its interesting. http://americanpregnancy.org/pregnancy-health/exercise-during-pregnancy/ Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. But lots of stuff saying just keep squatting there so good for you. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have you spoken to you doctor about this? I think to help your problem you should think of the BC pill, try it for a year see if this gets you regulated and perhaps back on a monthly cycle. Your iron perhaps you should be on some low dose iron pills, these would back you system up. So how it goes. Good Luck  Hi A big sorry that should read rugby, otherwise we don't wont you running around looking for ruby, to get rid of your anger, she would not like it? then again? Good Luck  Hi Sorry for being so short an answer. Swimming, its low impact. Good Luck  Hi If you mean his T levels are OK yes there are lots of things that can be the cause of ED even if he is very healthy. Apart from T levels don't really know of any other tests he could have for ED? What's below is a list I have, any one of these or more will give him ED OK what follows, any one of these or more can give him ED (erectile dysfunction). To little sleep. performance anxiety. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Smoking. Meds. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Middle-aged-spread. Self image. Low libido. His general health. Low testosterone and very high testosterone. With meds, its meds for depression, diabetes, HBP drugs and cholesterol, these are some of the really bad ones. Is thee anything on this list that rings bells. if yes just come back through answer this, above. Good Luck  Hi As a male you should be on around 1500 a day, but two days a week you could try going down to 500, and you be surprised what you can eat when doing that, even if its fruit all day, but no bananas. The other day you could try bananas and low fat milk, for the day, perhaps not the 500 but very good for you but would be under a 1000. Well some things to try. Good Luck  Hi As a male you should be on around 1500 a day, but two days a week you could try going down to 500, and you be surprised what you can eat when doing that, even if its fruit all day, but no bananas. The other day you could try bananas and low fat milk, for the day, perhaps not the 500 but very good for you but would be under a 1000. Well some things to try. Good Luck  Hi I think like before, its just skipped period, and this could be from this extra work load you have been doing and including the exercise. If your not getting any pains, or any other signs. Just see how it goes. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I found this link, which may help on one or two questions, http://www.myfitnesspal.com/topics/show/735908-mirena-iud-and-weight-gain Now as for the cyst increase you have not said were they are, but if your really worried about your problems, you could think about having it removed. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi First some women do get pregnant on depo shot, and you can google that. Ok I think you should go see an obstetrician get some tests done there, and see how things pan out. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, I think you should be OK, I walk each morning 1 hour plus, them swim before breakfast, used to go jogging early mornings OK, as long as you drink water you should be OK And one should not exercise or swim after eating. Good Luck  Hi, Somebody is a very silly girl then, just because he did not ejaculate, does not mean your not or could be pregnant, never heard of a condom? But you do still have a lot more stress that your carrying, the only thing you can do is wait and see, if you do miss your period, follow these bits of help. You can carry out a pregnancy test on a sample of urine from the first day of a missed period. If you're pregnant, this is about two weeks after conception. Some very sensitive pregnancy tests can be used even before you miss a period. You can do the test on urine collected at any time of the day. It doesn't have to be in the morning. Collect the urine in a clean, soap-free, well-rinsed container. Now do hope things turn out for the best, and it is just stress, the info is just help. One last thing, don't forget there is no sperm in precum or is there? Good Luck  Hi, Female? male? What ever, but try doing 5 days on 1200 and 2 on 500 cal's but mix them up, but try doing some extreme workouts, this could be what you want, these really burn of the fat. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Follow this WebMD link below it should help you, loads of info for your question. The link, http://www.webmd.com/fitness-exercise/features/water-for-exercise-fitness Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you mean you knees and touching why you jog, you need to change you jogging style, but in the mean time, get some baby oil or Vaseline rubbed on them before you go out, if that works you wont have to worry when you come home, because there be alright. Stay fit. Stay healthy. Good Luck  Hi Perhaps this because your body will only go as far as it is. If I remember from my body building days some guys body's just wont go further, this is due to your body make up, and the it stops, you may get great definition, and that's it. Sorry but that's life and your own body. Good Luck  Hi If it means getting out in the fresh air very good for you, if means being stuck in a control gym, just keep away till the cold goes. But just get out brisk walking or some jogging first thing in the morning, this should do you the world of good, get some nice cheddar cheese and onion sandwich's to eat, heavy on the onion, try some garlic sliced for that extra kick, the one that does the best, is the one just before bed, just don't breath on your partner, these will help. Good Luck  Hi I'm adding a link on lupus symptoms, I think this is a good match for your problems. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Lupus/Pages/Symptoms.aspx Do hope this helps in finding the answer. Good Luck  Hi After doing some reading around for you, it seems most women stop around 16 to 18, and some say 21, but your not alone as there are a few who say it was 25. But you can read loads of facts and figures, but like you there is always going to be some outside the box, and just keep growing, even if its just small amounts. Who knows, perhaps your now stop. Good Luck  Hi Well your the lucky one, well keep exercising as much as you can walk daily, very good for you, get in swimming if you can, don't for get sex, I know that how you got pregnant, but very good for you when your pregnant, drink lots of water. Keep off fast foods and junk foods, to much salt and sugars, keep of cakes and biscuits, no milk chocolate just eat a couple of pieces of dark chocolate daily, very good for you, no sodas. Just eat healthy thing's, wholewheat pastas, baked potato's, keep off fried chips/fries, better still keep away from all fried foods, eat salads, drink milk, start taken vits for pregnant women. Try and enjoy yourself, keep happy, don't get stressed. I do hope some of this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Two things can help, one is cayenne, if you google cayennepepper it will take you to a very interesting site all about cayenne pepper, and you will find out how the spice will help lower your cholesterol. The next thing is a mix of parsley and garlic, I do this mix, just use dried parsley in olive oil, and chop a whole head of garlic down very fine, mix in with the oil and parsley, another cholesterol beater, both very natural, keeps you of statins which puts you off sex, and a very cheap way to go. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I would start by getting him out doing some brisk walking, walking is a good way to exercise, its good for many parts of the body and gets thinks working better, as he loses weight he could take a back pack with say 10 lbs at first, it will help his heart pump better. He also needs to cut out any fast or junk foods, these have high salts and sugars, drink lots of water, lots of fruit are good as part of the 5 a day with veg. Its a bit hard not knowing his age, but if he can swim that's very good as well, its an all over exercise, but he needs to be in at least twice a week or more if he can. A good diet will help as well. Good Luck  Hi If you have a muscle strain, you should be icing it and relaxing it, try and ice for twenty minutes 3 times a day, use some frozen peas in a tea towel or very this cloth, peas are good you can wrap them round you arm, ten just put them back in the freezer, you may need to break them down after each freeze, don't eat them just keep them at the back of the freezer, then just relax till it feels good. Good Luck  Hi There is ways, but I will tell you now its the hardest weight to lose, if you want to lose it, its all down to lots and lots of sit ups, doing side twists, best if you have turntable for that is, and any other exercise you can think of that will burn fat around the middle. Will tell you now its going to be long hard work, and you have a long road to go down. Try doing only 1200 cals for 5 days and the other two on 500 cals it can be done, you just eat lots of fruit on the 500 days, but no bananas. Good Luck  Hi There is ways, but I will tell you now its the hardest weight to lose, if you want to lose it, its all down to lots and lots of sit ups, doing side twists, best if you have turntable for that is, and any other exercise you can think of that will burn fat around the middle. Will tell you now its going to be long hard work, and you have a long road to go down. Try doing only 1200 cals for 5 days and the other two on 500 cals it can be done, you just eat lots of fruit on the 500 days, but no bananas. Good Luck  Hi I think your find its your IBS affecting your hormones, and this then upsets your periods or stops them like yours. There's lots of info going the other way but not much, but I think your find I'm on the right trail, by writing this. But I will come back to you soon. Good Luick  Hi Fred, Funny way to put your question, OK It just sounds like your drinking to much and the gurgling is just coming from your full bladder. If this drinking water is why your at the gym, then cut back on the amount of water your drinking, if your just sip and spit if you can? so your just wetting your mouth. When it comes to drinking beer, same thing just cut down on what your drinking, sip don't gulp. But at some time you should get your bladder looked at, you could have a problem. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just take a break for a week to 10 days, your pain will go faster that way. Why your bike riding and doing other exercise, your putting strain on it, just take the break, your body wont mind. When you start back, start slow with the exercises and the bike riding, if you still have pain take a few more days off, its a tricky area to heal, but keep off the pain killers if you go back for exercise, they will mask the real pain, you could end up with more damage, and be off longer. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi When I had mine done, the doc said swimming was the best thing for it. low impact, what else could you ask for, you in cool water as well, and that's good for the knee, great way to exercise, and your knee does well for it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi First your stress, google natural ways out of stress, lots of ideas for you to look at, even meditation may help you. \as for your emotional baggage, possible therapy could be a lot of help, if you go to the right person who can talk over your problems with, they say a problem shared is a problem halved. But if you need to get rid of anger, try some English ruby may be just what you want, get with the right team, its ruff and tough. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just google fad diets good or bad, your find lots of info there. Me I'm a cabbage diet fan, which you should find is a fad diet, but it works for me, you just need to get your head round it for 7 days, take a week off, eat sensibly, then go for it again, its good for detoxing as well, cleans your system out, your see bits about just eating cabbage, but you do a whole mix of veg. You can find that out if you google the cabbage diet. But please have fun. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Apply Vaseline to your groan before you start, that should stop the chaffing. Good Luck  Hi This bit is from WebMD. Pain in your arm(s), back, neck, or jaw. This type of pain is more common in women than in men. It may confuse women who expect their pain to be focused on their chest and left arm, not their back or jaw. The pain can be gradual or sudden, and it may wax and wane before becoming intense. If you're asleep, it may wake you up. You should report any "not typical or unexplained" symptoms in any part of your body above your waist to your doctor or other health care provider, says cardiologist C. Noel Bairey Merz, MD, director of the Barbra Streisand Women's Heart Center at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. But as its been going on for such a long time when doing heavy work, perhaps you can get a tread mill test done, this is done under a doctor and he would see how youre hearts working, showing up any problems. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Not sure in you got your info through me, but it sounds like you have a weakness in the neck of your penis, so when you were doing kegels did you do the reverse ones as well. Look have a go at them again www,pegym.com and look under exercises, your find it all there, just how to do them both ways, you may find doing kegels that way, will be more beneficial to you, don't forget you can do these anywhere at any time, except the reverse ones. Good Luck  Hi If you think you have a lost tampon, then get to an ER ASAP, this is very bad for you, its putting you system into shock. So don't just sit there go now. Good Luck  Hi I would suggest you go get your blood pressure check out, its one of the things we can all get, but your find High Blood Pressure is behind it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Found you a very good link from Harvard, now there is lots top read, one of the things you will see is about the roller coaster ie ups and downs of having shots over, gels, its all good stuff to read. http://www.harvardprostateknowledge.org/a-harvard-expert-shares-his-thoughts-on-testosterone-replacement-therapy Just copy this into google to the www. to open and read. Good Luck  Hi This is from the Mayo Clinic. For someone who doesn't have diabetes, a normal A1C level can range from 4.5 to 6 percent. Someone who's had uncontrolled diabetes for a long time might have an A1C level above 8 percent. When the A1C test is used to diagnose diabetes, an A1C level of 6.5 percent or higher on two separate tests indicates you have diabetes. A result between 5.7 and 6.4 percent is considered prediabetes, which indicates a high risk of developing diabetes. For most people who have previously diagnosed diabetes, an A1C level of 7 percent or less is a common treatment target. Higher targets may be chosen in some individuals. If your A1C level is above your target, your doctor may recommend a change in your diabetes treatment plan. Remember, the higher your A1C level, the higher your risk of diabetes complications. Your find more at this link. http://www.mayoclinic.org/tests-procedures/a1c-test/basics/results/prc-20012585 If this dose not show blue, just copy into google to the www. To open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS yes get exercising and look up what to eat to get back on track, try googling the diabetes diet, you should find all the help you need.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Your find that this is the big problem of losing weight if have really put on the pounds, and if its be a long period then yes you will get lose skin, but before you go off and get it trimmed back, first make sure your at the weight you want to be, this procedure is not cheap, and when that lose skin goes, you will lose the odd couple of pounds more. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Vicky, Well your or the best tool to look for options and ideas. As for your first question, an exercise is one that makes you feel good after doing it, you will know the right one when you do it. As for your arthritis have you thought of taken cayenne, yes the hot stuff, google it for arthritis, your find some good help, I do take this each day, I have a mix of CP and tomato paste thin with olive oil, take 3 small spoonful's each morning wash each one down with water. You mix this to a heat that suits you at first over time you can start to build that up, but it will make you feel good, warms you up first thing in the morning. So you want to run a marathon then, well for now just get out and do some very brisk walking, this will get the legs working and after time start jogging, try to jog 20 paces then walk 20 and so on, its a good way for somebody just starting up, and see just how you get on from there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, I would have thought gentle would be the way to go at first, then over time start to slowly build up, but I would think 8 to 10 weeks would be a good way to build up. But what has you doctor told you to do, or the surgeon who worked on your heart what do they say. To me gentle would be the way to start. Good Luck  Hi It still looks like nits your hormones getting out of whack when it comes to your body having a period. You have 2 hormones estrogen and prodgesterone its this second one that triggers your womb to shed its lining, so if there out of whack due to your IBS, its not happening. OK thinking perhaps being on a BC pill with a high prodgesterone will help solve you problem. You would need to put this theory to your doctor or gyno. Do hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just in case its is the flu, stick to your bed and sweat it out of you, give it a week then you can get back to exercising, before that you wont feel like it. Good Luck  Hi The problem here is, the harder you work the higher you heart rate will be, and as you slow down so will you heart, and this would go along with you breathing. I think you find it hard to give a rate, for what you want. Good Luck   Hi The problem here is, the harder you work the higher you heart rate will be, and as you slow down so will you heart, and this would go along with you breathing. I think you find it hard to give a rate, for what you want. Good Luck  Hi, Was this PSTD happen at the age of 8 then, and that's when the pulsing started, then the pulsing could be a reaction to that moment in your life. Have you thought of counselling or therapy, have this talked through may work wonders for you, the drugs are just killing your thoughts, and when it wears of back come the thoughts. But then you have anxiety and depression to cope with, google natural ways out of anxiety, and natural ways out of depression, with doing this and your doctors ok if your on any meds for them you may be able to give them up. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK I know its very hard when you sitting about, but your not left with a lot in the way of exercise, apart from knitting, carpet making, but did think swimming but with your rectal leaking would not be good for other swimmer. But you could control what your eating, keeping away from fast foods, junk foods and sodas of any kind would be a good start, your eating needs to become your life, a life to survive were self discipline, self control and breaking bad eating habits, are at the front of your mind, so try working with your doctor, and take it from there. do hope this helps you. good Luck  Hi Yes back again, I was doing some searching this afternoon and found this, its packed with info for ways out of stress, The link, http://www.ornishspectrum.com/proven-program/stress-management/ Good Luck  Hi If you see your doctor and work with him, you could be on the wrong hormone, so it would mean coming off what your on give it a few days, and get a blood test, from this they should be able to tell which your low on, and re-start from there, and see how you go then. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I had a friend in the UK did all his diabetes control just by diet, worked for him, for many years. Good Luck  Hi Only wish there was, but think about plastic surgery. Any help. Good Luck  Hi When eating lots of fibre you should also be drinking plenty of water, this helps to flush things through. But if you keep holding back its either an enema or off to the ER and have them take it out by hand. But I think you need some help, you have a problem over using the toilet, I would think of counselling, for that. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes do something else, but give you leg a good break from exercise, at least 2 weeks, then get in the pool get a float and do breast stroke leg work only, give this a couple of weeks and then see how it goes. If you can do this flip on your back in the pool, keep your legs together, and your arms out, push off from the side, and with your arms and legs working together, pushing with your legs and using your arms, you will go down the pool, now this should be something like lunges, but low impact, see how it goes for pain. Good Luck  Hi Weight gain is a side effect of this drug Paxil, you should consider coming off it and see how your weight goes for a month. But you would also need to see your doctor, and tell him why you have or your coming off the drug. This is only a considered opinion. Good Luck PS google natural ways out of depression, you may find a better drug free way.  Hi Joe, If you over forty there is DHEA, and Tribulus (this you can take under 40) these do run along the same lines, push up testosterone, lift your libido and kick up your energy levels, and can be taken together. Have a read of this guys post, 50 ways to boost your testosterone. http://anabolicmen.com/50-foods-that-boost-testosterone-levels/ Just copy this into google to the www. To open and read. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi try this, you just google this, natural ways out of high cholesterol, your find lots of ways to have a go at, but I will warn you that exercise is a big thing with most of them, even if its light exercise. So do hope you can find some help amongst them. Good Luck  Hi Don, if you maen, how do I do the kegel exercise, OK just go to www.pegym.com and look under exercises, tells how to do kegels and reverse exercises, the quite easy to do, and can be done anywhere at any time. Any help. Good Luck  Hi Something come up from my wife on this, he needs to do an exercise of picking up a pencil with his toes, as often as he can, if you think about how its done, you can see just what it can do but its a slow process, the best advice anybody can give him is to take up snooker, far less strain on his feet and ankles, Perhaps he should think of a strain free sport, that keeps him pain free. Good Luck  Hi I hope your a female, it does seem that there is a good chance of getting yeast infections, from sweating during exercise, but you could try taking a warn sea salt bath if the is giving you problems, sea salt is a good fighter for yeast infections. You can also google, yeast infection and sea salt, your find lots of info. Do hope this helps you and your problem. Good Luck  I've experience that feeling, and its usually because I didn't eat enough during the day before my workout and I pushed myelf too hard. If you are overexherting yourself, then it could be that you have low blood sugar and it is causing your dizziness and making you feel light headed. If you are not eating enough during the day before a strenusous workout, this could be a side effect. I would try to eat a healthy meal that contains a good balance of protein/carbs/nutrients (try something like a chicken breast and a small sweet potato and maybe a small dinner roll). Give your food some time to settle (an hour or two), then during your workout, try to sip on a gatorade or Vitamin water. Try not to over do it when you work out, sometimes people push themselves too hard and it can results in injury as well. If you are still experiencing those symptoms after trying this, then I would see your doctor to make sure it's not something more serious.  As a red-blooded adult who has lost and gained 30 over 4 times and has struggles his whole life with weight problems I can see where you are coming from. I am not sure if I can help you. but I can tell you is the story of how I lost and kept off 50 pounds. What I did that really helped my out was going to a doctor and asking him how many calories I should be eating a day with moderate exorcise (walking 3 miles). The doctor placed me at around 1400-2000 calories. On average I consumed over 1350 calories a day. NONE of those calories came from junk food, I completely cut that out of my life. In the mornings I would grab my dog and go for a brisk or casual walk around my local nature trail. After I got come I would drink as much water as i wanted (water helps a lot when losing weight). Believe it or not the most helpful thing i did when losing weight was eating right (no junk food) and moderate exorcise. If every healthy person followed this healthy life style, they WILL lose weight. No exceptions. Period. There are no excuses for a healthy person to not be losing weight. I hope you the best of luck!  It could, so to be safe, you may want to take it easy.  NO WAY! It is not worth the risk of giving yourself a bigger pain with that ankle. What I now know is that when an ankle bruised. All those muscles that were able to help you not get hurt before are strained and stretched and if it heals proberly then you might be able to continue same lifestyle. AFTER it has mended. If you make one simple bad move that might not seem difficult. It could. That is when you potentially always have a bad ankle. Really, just sit this one out.   There are upper body cardio excises you can do with weights and a medicine ball. There's a you tuber named Mario Ramone, who can help with ways to do exercises while sitting. I watch his videos to find out ways I can do excises while sitting, because I have knee aliments. You can also try getting a kefty for your workout. http://kefty.com There are other videos that provide examples of excesses one can do in a wheelchair.  What are your blood sugar numbers?  Sure is! My doctor actually recommended it because the vitamins are so good for you and if you're TTC it's crucial for the baby to have every nutrient it needs for the first trimester especially. :) Good Luck TTC! *~Baby Dust~*  (Please clear any kind of exercise program with your physician and fitness professional, especially if you have any physical disability or restrictions.) 1. Walk: Try to aim to get up and walk as much as you can throughout the day. If youre walking for fitness, do it briskly so that you can push your glutes to the max and strengthen them. A 150-pound person walking about 4 mph for one hour burns about 400 calories. Thats roughly equivalent to walking 10,000 steps if youre wearing a pedometer. 2. Run: Not everyone is a runner so dont worry if youre not interested in running. Its just a cardio exercise thats accessible and great for stress management. Hit the hills and work those glutes, or try some sprints to show your glutes whos boss. A 150-pound person burns about 475 calories during a 45-minute jog. 3. Ride: Hop on a bike and your lower body will thank you. If youre sitting on a stationary bike, alternate 3 minutes at 70-80 RPM with 2 minutes at 100-110 RPM for a calorie-burning 30-40 minute workout. Try indoor cycling classes, or ride outdoors and hit those hills. Increase your resistance and work those glutes. A 150-pound person burns about 335 calories in 30-40 minutes. 4. Kickbox: Hip, thighs and glutes are in for a delightful time as you perform front kicks, roundhouses, side kicks and back kicks in wild and crazy combinations that include punches and will target your abs to make them stronger. A 150-pound woman will burn up to 500 calories with 45 minutes of kickboxing. 5. Hike: Get your hiking shoes on and get ready to rock and roll up and down hills and mountains for a phenomenal glute workout. Wearing a backpack only makes your glutes work harder. Hey, enjoy the scenery while youre at it. A 150-pound person burns about 400 calories in about an hour of hiking.  First, you really need to sit down with your physician and his/her team and talk about how to manage your polycystic ovarian syndrome. Some baseline labs will help direct you: fasting insulin level, fasting blood glucose, HgBA1C, and of course your testosterone. There are medications that can help if you have insulin resistance and have elevated blood glucose levels. Metformin is one such medication you should discuss with your doctor. Weight reduction is a challenge with PCOS. You should go to the PCOS association website and communicate with other kindred spirits for support and guidance. It is imperative that you are vigilant about your total carbohydrate intake each day as so many women with PCOS have trouble metabolizing carb. Try to keep your carb intake to about 150gr per day (as opposed to the common American with 400-600 gr/day) and avoid refined and processed sugars at all costs. Stick with whole foods with an emphasis on lean protein and vegetables. Combine that plan with cardio and weight training done with intensity intervals, and you'll see weight reduction. Just make sure you're coordinating with your medical team.  Beta blockers will slow your heart rate. Therefore, when you're swimming or doing any kind of physical activity or exertion, your heart rate will not increase much as it did when you were off the meds. It's a whole different experience. Now, that shouldn't stop you from doing your activities. You just cannot use the heart rate range rules to see if you're getting the caloric or fat burn you want. Or, if you're an athlete on a beta blocker, the same holds. You can't use your heart rate to determine your overall activity efficiency or performance.  As many times as you can, become mentally aware of your behind and as you do, contract your glutes. You can be standing in line, walking up stairs or running to the bus. Pay attention to how they feel as you move. In addition to strength training and good nutrition, you need to be doing regular cardio (goal is to burn 400 calories each session) with intensity intervals. That means when you hit the hills by increasing your treadmills incline, youll cook a ton of calories compared to simply walking on the flat. Or ramp up the speed with which you walk. Intensity intervals simply mean adding hills and/or speed every now and again to your workout. Other butt blasters: Stand behind a chair, toes facing forward, with both hands placed on top of the chair for stability. Keeping both knees straight, extend your left leg back pointing your toes with your big toe touching the ground behind you. Gently lift your left leg about 30 degrees off the ground without bending your knee. Tighten your glutes and hold for a count of 10. Bring down and touch the ground with your pointed big toe and lift right back up for another count of 10. Repeat this 5 times and switch sides. Grab a mat and get on all fours with your hands under your shoulders. Keep your left knee and ankle flexed as you lift your knee to hip level behind you. Hold for a count of 5 and bring down, touching the mat briefly and lift again. Repeat 5 times and switch sides. Lie face up on a mat with knees bent and feet flat, arms by your side. Left hips slowly off the floor, forming a straight line from knees to shoulders. Tighten your glutes and maintain this bridge position for a count of 10. Bring your butt down for 10 seconds and lift back up again into bridge position for a count of 10. See if you can do it for a count of 20. Repeat 5 times. Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart. Engage your core abdominal muscles. Place your hands behind your head, elbows out to the side. Squat down, never going beyond a 90 degree angle to your lower legs. For novices or anyone with knee issues, just squat down enough to feel your glutes engage well and hold for a count of 3. As you stand up, for an added twist, rotate your trunk to the left and lift your bent left knee in front of you. Return to squat again. Switch sides and repeat. Do this whole set 5 times. You can do this anytime and anywhere theres a wall. Standing straight, place your back on a wall. Squat down as previously described, and imagine youre sitting on an invisible chair. Squeeze your glutes. Hold for a count of 5-10 (or 20 for the advanced), and stand up. Rest for 10 seconds and repeat 5 times.  (Please clear any kind of exercise program with your physician and fitness professional, especially if you have any physical disability or restrictions.) 1. Squats: Squats are your mainstay for building and strengthening your buns. Stand with feet hip-width apart and hold weights at shoulder level or at your sides. Bend the knees, and lower into a squat, keeping the knees behind the toes. Imagine that youre sticking your butt out behind you, but keep the torso upright and contracted. Press into the heels to stand up. Repeat for 2-3 sets of 8-16 reps. 2. Wall Sit: Stand about 2 feet in front of a wall and lean against it. Slide down until your knees are at about 90-degree angles and hold, keeping the abs contracted, for 20-60 seconds. Come back to start and repeat, holding the squat at different angles to work the lower body in different ways. To add intensity, hold weights or squeeze a ball between the knees. 3. Leg Press: Here youll be pushing a weight or resistance away from yourself using your legs. This can be done with gym equipment or bands. 4. Lunges: These exercises come in a variety of forms. The traditional lunge goes forward with weights and a bent knee, or there is the assisted lunge with no weight and you can hold onto a wall or chair. Or, you can try a lunge that requires a much smaller range of motion, lowering your body only part way. 5. Dead Lift: This exercise is not meant for everyone. It targets the lower back, glutes and hamstrings. If you have any problems with these muscles, dont do a dead lift. This exercise simulates what we do all day long as we bend over and pick things up. 6. Hip Extension: This is one of my favorite exercises to strengthen the glutes. Stand facing a wall, placing both palms on the wall, and with a straight back, simply push one leg out behind you as high as you can go keeping the back and leg straight. Do this 10 times, switching legs each time. Or, you can get on the floor on all fours, and take one leg and simply stretch it straight behind you. Do this 10 times, switching legs each time. If you use ankle weights, you can add more intensity for a real glute challenge.  You could eat 500 to 750 calories a day and lose weight. No carbs, sugars, concentrated sweets. But, really, will power is your biggest ally. Exercise portion control and self control. Fill up on water when you feel like a snack, eat raw veggies but avoid carrots and beets because of the sugar content. Not recommending this to anyone but I did lose about 2 pounds a day on HCG and B12injections with a strict 500 calorie a day diet. Talk any diet plan with a physician to be certain you are healthy enough for the restricted calories, any medications or exercise.  Exercise is one of the most beneficial self-help techniques we know of today and more and more research is indicating its usefulness in changing mood, decreasing anxiety and even helping keep the brain physically healthy. You don't need to go to a gym or even have any equipment because you can walk in place, walk up and down stairs or use simple items like a book or a can of vegetables to do arm exercises. You can do just a bit a day and gradually increase what you can do. Keep at it and you'll notice a change for the better. Remember, even if you don't feel like doing it, do even just a little bit and fight that urge not to do it. In the end, it works to your benefit. Trust me on this one.  I too have a great deal of almost constant, seething anger. I used to do competitive sports but found that ultimately they made me even angrier. I discovered peace, wonder, a sense of personal power, the release of anger, and adventure, in hiking and walking. Suggestion: get an iPod or similar device if you can, with some of your favorite music on it. Find a nice park and look for good hiking trails. Wear rugged clothes and good shoes. Don't push too hard, just hard enough to release tensions, burn up the excess stress hormones such as adrenaline and cortisol, and bring forth your body's natural endorphins and serotonin, which will make you feel good and appreciate the beauty around you. After you hike, stretch to cool down to prevent muscle cramps, and be sure to rest well; allow more than enough time to sleep and clear your mind of worries as you rest. I live in a noisy place without as much privacy as I'd like, and I use my iPod when I rest too, with soft soothing music that helps me fall asleep. Some people use a fan or other "white noise". When you are actively angry, you cannot digest food, but once you've calmed down, eat food that will replenish the resources you've burned up, because anger uses up a lot of the body's natural fuel. Be sure to stay hydrated throughout. It may take some time, but gradually, this just might help... Good Luck.  No, exercise will not stop ovulation or fertilization. The only case were exercise could cause an interruption in ovulation is if you have become underweight and experience an absent menstrual cycle from the lack of fat in the body. Women need a certain level of fat to have a menstrual cycle.  You mention your weight all day, but how does your weight look every week? Are you gaining 11-13 poiunds a day every week or is your weight relatively the same every week? Your weight can easily fluctuate that much during a single day and that doesn't mean much as far as overall weight goes. Weigh yourself once a week and see how your weight looks one week to another. My weight usually fluctuates around 8-12 pounds a day, but week to week, it's usually about the same. My boyfriend can have his weight fluctuate as much as 20 pounds a day, but his weight stays about the same one week to another. Remember to weigh yourself at apporximately the same time every week (for example, weigh yourself first thing in the morning BEFORE you eat every Friday or something like that). Weighing yourself multiple times a day will only make you frustrated, believe me, I know! Good luck!  I did the same thing a while back fell exactly on my tailbone, hurt like heck took a few days for the bruise to come all the way in and was incredibly sore and sensitive for a few weeks, maybe a month before really back to normal and I couldn't do any floor exercises for about two weeks either and mine was only bruised not broken.  Team Development Activities: you can also be currently interacting and bonding together with your crew as well, although It Is A enjoyable game.  I have a similar life. I'm a full time employee studying at grad school part time with a family. Have you checked to see if your blood pressure is low or if you're anaemic? Depression also could be causing your exhaustion. With little free time and many goals you could be mildly depressed. My doctor was very helpful in identifying issues for me. I hope this helps.  yes  1st - stop doing Zumba until you see your doctor to figure out what's going on. 2nd - see your doctor or get to an emergency room asap, don't mess around with your health. This could be something very serious. Hope everything goes well.  You can mow your lawn or exercise while under treatment for a Staph infection. It will not be a problem.  If you are taking a drug not specifically prescribed for you, then the first process of elimination is for you to eliminate doing this. How long a drug is detected depends on many factors: the method of analysis used (something I do not know in your case), the extent of your drug use, and your body's ability to metabolize this particular substance. I can't offer you any tricks or inside information on how to pass your random drug test. It is what it is.....  Unfortunately, it would not be possible for me, or any medical provider for that matter, to be able to offer you a diagnosis blindly over the Internet. Not only do you need to be carefully examined, but the doctor will need to take a thorough medical history and order some diagnostic lab tests. It would not be possible or prudent to guess what may be causing "pain all over your body", so you will need to see a medical professional to start the diagnostic process.  Running naked would be best, but then again, there will likely be other issues. Jock itch is also called tinea cruris. This is a yeast infection, and yeast loves the warm, dark, and moist environement (sweating) common in the groin area. Cotton is a natural fiber and tends to breathe better than most synthetics, but some synethetic are outstanding when it comes to air circulation. I have no problem with cotton or those special quick-dry synethetics, but not all underwear is created equal. Boxers allow my air than tighty whities, assuming we are just talking about men.  See your doctor for a referral to a cardiologist so that your heart and oxygen saturation can be carefully monitored while running on a treadmill. This is called a Stress Test. While it would not be unusual for someone's heart rate to go up this high, it would be comforting to know that your heart is capable of handling the load. The fact that you have been active for 18 years is wonderful, so I am sure you will pass with flying colors, but when you are in your mid-60's, it would be good to get the official "okay".  You need to find out what this "something" really is, so you need to see your medical provider or a proctologist for a proper examination. It could be an internal hemorrhoid, but this would need to be confirmed. I could also be a rectal prolapse (part of your rectum coming out and going back in). Incidentally, hemorrhoid creams do not "cure" hemorrhoids, they just reduce some inflammation....they are still there. You are having pain, and you are getting worse, according to your posting. At what point to you seek medical care? My advice would be for you to make an appointment.  Yes. Exercise is not contraindicated when you are under antibiotic treatment for a sinus infection. Assuming that you feel well and exercise is not exacerbating any of your symptoms, you can exercise.  You can be hypothyroid and still lose weight (and tone up). Once you are on thyroid replacement therapy, go on a calorie-restricted diet and start a good exercise program....I can guarantee that you will lose weight; perhaps not as fast as you would like, but you will steadily lose extra pounds as long as you are on your diet. See a nutritionist if you are having difficulties, and always check with your doctor first before starting any diet.  I am not a big fan of self-diagnosis and self-treatment when it comes to a possible rotator cuff tear. I have had two of them; including two surgeries followed by LOTS of physical therapy. While you will be able to find exercises on the Internet, my advice to you is to see an orthopedist -- one that specializes in shoulders -- have an MRI, and see what the heck is going on BEFORE you start any type of self-prescribed physical therapy that could make things worse.  Maybe, but that depends on the extent of acoustic damage that you have in your inner ear. The best way to find out is stop listening to loud music and see what happens over the next month or so. You should be evaluated by a good ENT specialist if the tinnitus remains. Loud music and noise is considered one of the primary causes of tinnitus, but there can be a hundred other reasons.  Gonorrhea and Chlamydia can be detected by a urine test (DNA probe), but not a simple urine dipstick test.  Diet sodas do not have calories, so they will not interfere with your weight loss, although some studies have started to implicated "sweetness" (including non-calorie sweeteners) as being problematic in the way of appetite. Also, remember that not all weight is fat....some weight is due to water retention. Diet sodas have sodium, that can cause fluid retention in some people. Just hang in there. If you calorie intake is less than you need to maintain your current weight and you are exercising, you will lose weight.  Energy is created by the metabolism of proper foods. There are no magic supplements that will give you instant energy. Since there can be underlying medical reasons for you apparent lack of energy, it would be wise to consult your medical provider to see if a medical deficiency exists.  You need to see a urologist . I am sure you will find very skilled urologists in Japan, including some that may speak English. Just in case, you could bring your own interpretor if you have a trusted, bilingual friend.  Back exercises and stretching is the best, non-surgical way of dealing with sciatica. If you are overweight, the extra lbs. need to go. You can find lots of Internet references for the proper exercises (called Williams back exercises) or ask a friendly physical therapist for a list.  Yes, moderate smoking is still harmful. That is like asking how much poison should I take every day before it becomes harmful. You are nearly a non-smoker, so why not just go all the way and stop completely? Stopping things that you enjoy are difficult, I know, but in the case of cigarettes, there are really no safe limits. Secondary smoke and even third-hand smoke has been found to be harmful, so even a pack a week is going to cause problems over time. Clearly, the more cigarettes that you smoke, the worse your risk becomes. While you are pleased to have cut down our 1/2 pack a day habit to a pack a week, you need to do your body one more favor by stopping altogether. You can do it.  I do not know of any contraindications for exercise restriction while anyone is on Cipro, or for months after. Any restrictions that your doctor recommended has nothing to do with the medication, but your other health concerns. Since I do not know you full medical history, it is best to get patient-specific exercise parameters from your doctor -- someone who does have this information.  To lose weight, you need to reduce your calorie intake...simple as that. Cut your calories by just 500 kcal per day, and you will lose about a pound a week (52 pounds a year....not to shabby). In order to exercise, consider swimming.....less impact on you back. It is best to get a specific exercise recommendation from your doctor, however, because of your medical issues.  In most cases, this would not be a problem. A CT scan is just an series of rapid x-rays taken in sequence. Unless your CT is involving an area that would be harmed by exercise or other activities, there would not be a specific contraindication against it. However, since I do not know what KIND of CT you are getting (or why), it would be best to talk to your medical provider for a patient-specific recommendation.  How do you even get a 12-year old boy to fast? They eat all of the time. Those levels are certainly not critical, or even indictative of diabetes type I, but because diabetes runs in your family, your son should have a very good diet as well and be exercising along with you. Randomly check his blood sugars, including one two hours after a meal. Give those readings to his medical provider for review.  There are LOTS of other skin eruptions that can cause these symptoms, but unfortunately, I have no way of seeing what you have over the Internet. Scabies is typtically transmitted person-to-person, but it is possible that it could be transmitted on contaminated equipment. There are skin scraping tests to determine if you have scabies, but your doctor may not be set up to do it. You may need to see a dermatologist. I have to say that scabies typically does not spread like this, nor is it common on the face, so there is a good chance you have "something else".  According to the experts, it is NEVER too late to start an exercise program. They have worked with people in nursing homes who were unable to walk, and got them walking again! Get cleared by your doctor first to make sure you do not have any underlying health problems. Start gradually....just walking at first, and then you can join a gym and work with a trainer for a while. You will be surprise with the results.....  No, exercise will not increase your height after your growth plates have closed. However, if you exercise and improve your posture, you will LOOK and FEEL taller.  No, these are all basically, worthless "quack" gimmicks....don't waste your time or money. Pheromones are real, but as far as I know, human pheromones have not been successfully tested for efficacy. You really can't spray an expensive substance on your skin and expect the others to be magically attracted to you and offer themselves for unbridled sex. While subtle smells are important, a potential partner will likely be more attracted to a nice smile and a pleasant personality, not how you smell. Human pheromones are in sweat, but I don't suggest that you try to attract someone with stinky body odor. Ion and power bracelets are absolutely worthless. Period. There are no pills or vitamins that will increase the size of your penis. Your penis reaches it maximum size by age 17, and there is no substance that can make your penis, feet, or hands bigger. Many men feel their penises are smaller, but in controlled studies of zillions of men, the size of the penis (when erect) does not vary that much. Devices, like hanging weights on this delicate member, that claim the penis can be enlarged, do not work and are potentially dangerous. Sexual performance is an art, and the most skilled artists do not use large paintbrushes or rollers. The most important sex organ is your brain.  I feel that you should be MEDICALLY diagnosed first; a chiropractic assessment is not sufficient. Before any home treatment of back pain that has lasted a month, it would be wise for you to see a back specialist (MD), and have some diagnostic tests first. There are plenty of exercises and stretching regimes, but getting a definitive diagnosis is the most important thing first.  Mine went away when the podiatrist told me to wear different SHOES. Yes, the possibility always exists for it to come back, depending on the aggravating circumstances.  A skilled phlebotomist can find a vein by just feeling (palpating) it. A visual view is not necessary. Apply a warm compress, and allowing the arm to hang down prior to the blood draw would be helpful, and ask for a phlebotomist that is skilled drawing blood from ! They are used to those tiny, hard-to-find veins.  High blood pressure is almost always treatable with the right combination of medications (individually prescribed) and life style modifications (diet and exercise). This person should be under the care of a good clinician and be monitoring his own blood pressures at home, keeping a log. A person would only be considered "untreatable" if there was complete failure of medications (unlikely) and failure to comply with lifestyle modifications (often happens) and compliance.  No...exercise will not help you pass a kidney stone. Usually, the stone is too uncomfortable for people to exercise. Hydration (lots of water) is usually the best.  Adolescent male gynecomastia is quite common and will go away in time...usually a few years. Since I can't examine you, I have no way of knowing the true nature of your "fatty breasts". There are many different types and degrees of male gynecomastia so it may not look like photos you have found. You can have liposuction or a surgical procedure to remove excess fat if you want, but this would be considered a cosmetic procedures and most insurances would not be agreeable to paying for it. Unfortunately, exercises and diet are not likely to fix male breasts, so get it checked out by a medical professional.  I have no way of examining you over the Internet to give you a definite answer (only your doctor can do that), but one possibility would be a common (and temporary) condition of pre-teens and teenagers called SEVER'S DISEASE . You can look this up on the Internet and run this possibly by your doctor.  It's safe to drink.....a personal preference.  Sure. Those are good vitamins, with a few extra things particularly for pregnancy, but you can take them if you are not pregnant.  Heels spurs do not improve with exercise. As a matter of fact, certain weight-bearing exercises can make it worse. Heel spurs may be improved by using an orthotic, like a heel cup or special padding, but they won't go away with exercise. Some heel spurs require surgery; some require shoe modifications and orthotics. Since I do not know the severity of your heel spurring, you would benefit from seeing a podiatrist (foot specialist).  Do both. Then when she is adequately controlled, you can ask the doctor to tapir off the metformin or stop it all together if her dietary changes are successful AND permanent.  That would depend on the severity/degree of scoliosis and any associated symptoms, but in most cases, teens with scoliosis can participate in sports, exercise, etc. It may be best to get a patient-specific "okay" from their medical provider -- someone who knows the details of their case.  I have to say that being overweight is definitely a factor, but there are soooo many reasons for shortness of breath in children, that it would be wrong to just attribute it to his weight. His doctor needs to do some pulmonary function tests, or refer him to someone who can do this. Shortness of breath due to exercise can be cardiac (heart) as well, as an example. He may need more than just a rescue inhaler, like albuterol, to manage this problem, but you would be wise to take his medical evaluation up a notch.  The easy answer would be ANY EXERCISE. Find an activity that you like. It can be as simple as walking (aerobic) or even taking up a sport, like tennis. The best exercise program is really one that you will do on a regular, consistent basis, at least three or more times per week. Find a partner - it is easier to exercise with a friend.  Yes....just stop eating. Weight loss occurs when your body takes in LESS than it needs. How fast you lose that 10-15 pounds depends on many factors, including how much you weigh right now. A pound of fat is 3,500 calories, so if you ate 1000 less calories a day than you need to maintain your ideal weight (about 15 calories per pound of ideal weight), you will lose about two pounds a week....8 pounds a month. In about 6 weeks, you can safely reach your goal. You can lose it faster or slower, but when you exercise, you can "reshape" and look like you lost more.  There are no magic solutions to motivation, but I am pleased that you are doing this with a friend. How about a bet? Put some money on the line ($100?) or house-cleaning (if someone fails to meet their goal, they have to clean the other person's house). Keep in fun and make sure your goals are reasonable and achievable. Start with CONTROL. Cut out the things you know you are not supposed to eat and stop buying them. Write down everything you eat for about a week or so (be honest!) and try to determine the number of calories you are ingesting. Make sure you are UNDER 15 calories per pound of ideal body weight (your goal). Any one can lose weight....there is only mismatched strategies. Something tells me that you are on your way to success.  It's bad to masturbate instead of exercising, but it really doesn't matter when you masturbate, as long as it is in private and not at the gym.  ANY time of day is appropriate for exercise. Our body works on a 24-hour schedule, so find a good time that fits with your lifestyle. Exercise is effective any time...  They can use it, if it seems to help, but it is NOT going to cause them to loose weight....or loose weight just in the belly. The fact they are exercising and eating better is the KEY to weight loss, not belly wraps.  Unfortunately, I do not know anything about your heart murmur. There are many different types and causes. Before starting an exercise program, it is a good idea to get the "okay" from your doctor, or have an exercise ECG (stress test). You will need to consult your doctor -- someone who knows your medical history.  Drained? Probably, not. It would be wise to be examined by your medical provider so this "lump" can be properly diagnosed and treated.  Here is an excellent, non-WebMD site from England.....I hope it helps. http://bellspalsy.org.uk/exercises1.pdf  You could have lost it all in water weight. If you continue feeling bad and continue losing weight, see a doctor as soon as you can. It could be the warning signs of a problem with your thyroid, diabetes, or a whole host of other things.  Yes, depending on how much sodium, and water you consume. It may seem like your diet hasn't changed, but we typically don't notice an increase in water or salt. My weight can fluctuate between 3 - 7 lbs throughout the week by just water weight alone. Stress is also a factor that can affect your body's metabolism.  You should be just fine with moderate exercise and proper warm-up and stretching beforehand. Keep yourself well-hydrated throughout the day, exercising or not. Dont try anything extra strenuous without talking to your doctor first. And remember not to get overheated! I take 20mg adderall each day and am following a mild-to-moderate exercise regime as suggested by my doctor. I always stay well-hydrated and I slow down when I feel as though I am getting overheated (pre-menopausal). Good luck. PS I'm a nurse too!  Walking is the best exercise for everything! If you don't seem to have time to go and walk, park as far from the door at work, grocery store, drug store, anywhere you go as possible. Then walk briskly while going in and out, and if possible while you are shopping. This will help some, and hopefully make you want to walk more, and get into a routine! You can always find 30 min 3 times a week to walk!  Could be a liver issue, too much sun, and sometimes synthetic hormones will cause brown spots in which case they will disappear after a while. Taking tricyline will also cause brown spots.  Hi:  Hi:  The proper diet and exercise, helps you a lot to get rid of cellulite, cellulite is what, it actually a a kind of flabby fat around the waist, stomach, arms and thighs, makes a woman look ugly, the exercises include swimming, strength training and weight training and the old fashioned way of method 'Walking' are beneficial, but in today's day to day life, one can't be able to maintain a daily routine of exercise, you may use a budget in within your pocket to treat the cellulite, i've used revitashape, you can also use the modern anti-cellulite treatments and the creams, to know more about the cellulite treatments, you can visit here  I suffer from anxiety/panic for 30 years now. Caffeine will definitely affect you depending on how much you use. For me exercise helped but at the same time it did make my heart race and sometimes I talked myself into a full blown attack. If you are healthy, chalk it up to worrying or anticipating an attack.  If anyone want to loose the weight than exercise is the best way for him/her to losse the weight or to maintain the body.But in this busy life sometimes we wont get the time to do the workout or jogging etc.Many people are asking here that without doing exercise we can loose the weight.There are many ways through which you can loose the weight,one of the way to loose the weight is eat healthy and fresh food drink the healthy tea like green tea.Green tea benefits-it is healthy tea,it helps one for lossing weight,is also helps to cure from diseases.So I think now you know that without doing the exercise you can also loose your weight by maintaining your diets by taking healthy food.  I do agree with what Rod Moser has said, but i do like to add few more things to this that, inhalers are just not the available solution for every problem. Keeping in consideration the age of your child i will suggest him some deep breath exercise like :- The Stimulating Breath (also called the Bellows Breath) The 4-7-8 (or Relaxing Breath) Exercise Breath Counting. Once he will be fine with these he push himself further more with some more Deep Breath Exercise. For more information you can visit PharmacySell  Exercising, drinking water, eating fresh fruit, vegetables, lean meats, and whole grains help your body fight free-radical damage that leads to fine lines and wrinkles. Not doing these things can contribute to the growth of dull, uneven skin thats wrinkled and looks unhealthy. Your body and your skin deserve the best.  The majority of visible wrinkles that we observe are due to extrinsic aging. Extrinsic factors are associated with damage to the upper layers of the skin (epidermis or dermis) primarily from either sun damage or smoking. Extrinsic aging cannot be corrected with facial exercises. I encourage daily exercise for your overall health and well-being. However, "exercising" your facial muscles will not reverse skin damage or premature wrinkling due to extrinsic factors.  I had the same issue. 1-2hours a day in the gym cardio and weights 4-5 days a wk, eating 1200 calories only lost 2 lbs in 4 months. Turns out there is so much msg in food that it was hindering my progress. I switched to eating only organic food with light exercise and lost 5 lbs. in one week. I also stopped getting head aches and back aches. I even gained energy and improved disposition. (msg is an excitotoxin, used to get mice fat and stay that way in order to research diabetes.-There are over 40 types of msg under different names and it is in 95 percent of foods you find in stores... ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22223845  This could be a problem with your neck, even something simple like a muscular strain in your neck can cause similar problems. There is also a type of headache triggered by exercise. For exercise induced headaches, I usually recommend starting with aerobic exercise only, for a very short time (just long enough to feel a very mild headache) every day, and gradually increase the length of time you are exercising. If this doesn't really help, you would need to see someone at your student health center (and they might need to refer you to a neurologist)  low impact exercises like water aerobics would work nicely for you!  Do you have sleep apnea, or obstructed sleep  I have been dealing with Fibromyalgia for 12 years. My personality is one that wants to go-go-go. I don't like to miss anything. But I have to say it doesn't work like that now. I require frequent rests, and a day that is very low stress. I knew I couldn't continue to work as a nurse while I was dealing with pain and overwhelming fatigue. Be good to yourself. The best exercise for me is swimming, which I can't do this time of year. I have a great stationary bike to use in the winter. Don't worry about exercise every day. When you are feeling rough, relax with a book or movie. Anytime I have felt like I needed to keep pushing through, it has only caused me more pain and agony. Hang in there, God Bless You!  It would be best to start slow. Do what you can, WITHOUT overdoing it. When you are having pain, pushing through is a bad idea. For me, it has caused severe fatigue. Just remember you need to baby yourself a little, and modify your exercises to fit your life now! God Bless you, taffy  If you think getting fit is difficult, you are not alone. Many people find it hard to get started, for many different reasons. Do any of these reasons sound like you? I cant exercise because I dont have any equipment I dont have time to exercise I dont know how to exercise My parents/guardian arent active Exercise sounds so boring to me Equipment or health clubs cost too much If you can relate to any of these statements, it is important that you read on for tips on leading an active lifestyle. You dont have to be an athlete or be involved in an organized sport to be fit. You just have to sit less and move more! It is also important to get other members of your family moving, too.  I'd love to know this as well. I have both a very low IgE as well as am PGE2 Deficient. They don't play nicely together, and the only way I've been told there are infusions(Intravenous Immunoglobulin Therapy) one can take to help, but I guess that would depend upon how badly your body is in need of this. I merely take a lot of Benadryl. And sadly always have to have Prednisone on hand for when the flare ups get too bad. Sadly, most of the current research is to lower IGE, not raise it.  Congratulations on your weight loss success! To find out what diet plan and amount of loss is healthy for you, sit down with your doctor and go over your diet and your health history. Here also is a great article from WebMD's diet expert, Kathleen Zelman, MPH, RD -- She recommends setting reallistic and attainable goals. Good luck on your healthy weight journey! The WebMD Answers Staff  The 60-minute suggestion is based on the National Academy of Science's recommendation for people who are trying to prevent weight gain, or keep themselves from regaining after weight loss -- not for people who are trying to increase or maintain their cardio-respiratory fitness or health. There's plenty of research to show that 30 minutes of physical activity a day will help you gain lots of health and fitness benefits. Remember that you don't have to do all your exercise in one session. If you already exercise vigorously at the gym several times a week, there's no reason to quit. But if 60 minutes seems like too much for you, try 30 minutes a day as a starting goal. The most important thing is that you do something.  "I think you can improve it somewhat with repetitive, low-weight exercises on the leg," says Robert Weiss, MD, president of the American Society of Dermatologic Surgery and a dermatologist in Hunt Valley, Md. "Use free weights or machines. Use 5- to 10-pound weights." Include cardio exercise, too, for overall fat burning, he says. You should focus on reducing calories to shed the extra pounds, as well as doing regular strength training and cardio exercise to see improvement in cellulite, says Wayne Westcott, PhD, a fitness expert and fitness research director at the South Shore YMCA in Quincy, Mass. When the underlying muscle is strengthened, "that makes the fat lay smooth, not crinkled."  When you first start your exercise program, you should plan a routine that is easy to follow and maintain. When you start feeling comfortable with your routine, then you can start varying your exercise times and activities. Here are some tips to help you get started: Choose an activity you enjoy. Exercising should be fun. Put your exercise routine into your schedule. If you need reminding, put it on your calendar. Variety is the spice of life. Make sure you vary your exercises so that you don't get bored. Check your local gymnasium or community center for an assortment of exercise programs. Don't let exercise programs break the bank. Unless you are going to be using them regularly, avoid buying health club memberships or expensive equipment. Stick with it. If you exercise regularly, it will soon become part of your lifestyle and will help reduce your depression.  If you're in poor physical condition or have bone or joint problems, you're probably not a good candidate for plyometrics. But even if you're a seasoned athlete, it's important to remember that any training routine that builds strength through explosive movement is inherently associated with an increased risk of injury. In the sports science community, reported injuries associated with plyometrics programs of depth jumping have stirred considerable debate over the technique's safety. Some experts have even compared plyometrics to the now-discredited technique of high-impact aerobics, which increases the risk of injury to lower-body joints such as the knee and ankle. But plyometric training is usually safe and effective if you've received adequate screening from a sports medicine doctor or therapist and enrolled in a program led by a qualified instructor who matches the exercises to your age and fitness level and teaches proper landing techniques before gradually advancing you to more difficult exercises.  The pollen count is highest between 6 a.m. and 9 a.m. and again at dusk, so "plan your workouts for other times of the day when pollen levels are lower," says Michael Blaiss, MD, a past president of the American College of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology (ACAAI) and a practicing allergist in Memphis, Tenn. If you go out during high-pollen times, wear a face mask designed to filter out pollens, says Murray Grossan, MD, an ear, nose, and throat physician and author of Free Yourself from Sinus and Allergy Problems -- Permanently. "As soon as you arrive home, rinse out your nose with saline to remove pollen still in your nose," Grossan says. "Two anti-allergy nasal sprays that enable you to exercise with high pollen levels include Astelin and Patanase. Ask your allergist." It also helps to know what triggers your allergies. "There [are] different readings for different types of pollens," Blaiss says. "Tree pollen levels above 50 [are] high, for example, while one to 10 is considered low." Check a web site such as that of the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology, which tracks pollen counts for trees, mold, weeds, and grass across the U.S.  Absolutly! If you don't something bad could happen.  I found that having a pedometer was a big assistance in exercise. I did not set a goal to start because I knew that having been sedentary I would not be able to do 10,000 steps to start off with but I could do some walking. Everyday I tried to increase the number of steps and the pedometer gave me something to gauge that with. It has become something of a game for me and it is amazing how many steps it is to go to one of the big box stores and go up and down the aisles.  If you exercised to hard, then it is possible  You've been exercising to hard  Congrats on all the healthy changes!!! A growth spurt at 30 seems a bit late in life - but you should ask your doctor abou that. Either way, your body seems to be responding positively to all the healthy changes! Keep it up!! And people do look taller when they are leaner - so perhaps that is part of it?  do what the doctor says  I do not have this sympton  First, what is your diet like? High protein and high fibre diets can really start to affect your bowels. Can't stress the water enough, especially if you're eating high fibre meals. When you have to move your bowels, is there urgency, or cramping?  I think it would help your anxiety . I have anxiety also and when I work out I feel a lot better. I use it as a form of meditation. When you exercise, try and think of things that make you feel peaceful and calm, or try and find your inner strength, center yourself. Using that extra energy should help.  Obesity can be caused by genetics or environmental factors. The reason that you are having a hard time on losing weight may also be indirectly related to having a sedentary lifestyle. You can stay more active and be more mindful about the kinds of foods that you take in so you will stay in shape and prevent the appearances of unwanted fats.  You can do simple forms of exercises like sit ups and push ups. You may also consider no surgery fat process to get back in shape in no time.  hmm...don't eat too soon before/after you eat. that could be it.  Try DMG. acts on muscles. runners ,cyclists and marathoners. use it. Enhances muscles . No side effects not habit forming, very cheap. Use the foil pack sublingual.  104 means the heart is not relaxing between pumps. Need a thallium treadmill test to check out heart blood flow. Cut back on red meat. See a doc.to do a electrocardiogram .  Are you sore? Paralyzed? Have you seen a doctor?  You should consult your family M.D. for the proper diagnosis and answer re a brace.  A potassium level of 2.9 is still too low which is why you were put on buy mouth potassium to get the level back to normal.  I have just spent the last 6 weeks in physical therapy. They always apply heat OR have me get on a bike to heat up my muscles for 15 minutes before I go through any table massage work. Next I do all my exercises then they end the session with 10 minutes of ice.  this is due to low blood pressure and low blood sugar and the best way to handle it is to drink plenty of water instead of orange juice because orange juice will dehydrate you quicker than water will and it will make your brain cells work properly so you wont get light headed or dizzy.    Are you doin them right? Anyway Anyway, are you active during the other parts of the day. Because if your like sitting in a chair alllll day typing or whatever, then exercise... your gonna get sick.. When my sister got a job as a lab tech she sat in a chair all day and right after work we would work out and she would get sick! - Sitting allday--->exerscise hard and right after sitting= SICK!!  Ok well I have to laugh right now because two days ago I got my ankle cast removed and it hurt so bad and I went back to the dr. and got xrays again.... They said since my ankle was in the position to fix it for so long that my ankle had changed to repair and that it will take about a week or so to get straightend out and to be able to do normal... I thought.. well gee you could have told me that when I got it removed or before I paid for more xrays....... you don't know how fustraited I was!!! anyways.... it still hurts but its getting there! and they said to do ankle flexers... that's where you flex your ankle....*(to me it hurts just as bad so...) then also to start adding more weight... and to swing it back and forth with 5-10lb ankle weights.. hope your ankle gets better and feels better!!!1 and try to find some easy exercises to do!!!!!!! Sources)- just happend  I had this similar sensation when taking another weight loss medication and my doctor switched me right away. I now take adipex and have not had that sensation I would see if another one works better for you.  I unfortunately can't give you good guidelines, but I can tell the previous answer is incorrect. Cipro has repeatedly been associated with increased risk of tendon injury, it's probably safest to wait a at least a few weeks to exercise until it completely clears out of your system. Bottom line, though, is to check with your doc.  I've actually been diagnosed with panic disorder for about five years. At first, I was having 3 or 4 severe attacks a day. Now, I rarely have then and when I do, they're what I call "baby attacks." The best way to get through an attack, for me, is to MOVE, Run, walk, jump and down, whatever.  exercise    HAVE YOU CHECKED YOUR IRON LEVELS THIS CAN BE A CAUSE OF COLD EXTREMITIES ESPECIALLY DURING EXERCISE SIMPLE BLOOD TEST SHOULD LET YOU KNOW IF YOU NEED AN IRON SUPPLEMENT MOST PEOPLE DO  You failed to mention if you have seen a doctor about this problem. Coupled with you cannot lose weight without lowering your intake. Eat more salads,fruits,and veggy's. Stay away from pastas, ice creams. pies cakes etc,etc. And you can do exercises in your chair. Leg lifts, barbells. Every little bit helps you burn calories. But if you continue to take in more than you burn up. You will continue to gain weight. I weigh 230 lbs. and 5 1/2 in high. Almost if not in the same boat you are in. You have to choose to do it. Consider what your weight brings with it. High Blood Pressure, Diabetes, heart trouble etc.etc. Your pain in your back,knees, and hip are more than likely due to being Obese...aka over weight. Loose weight loose the pain. You should see your Dr. also as you may be diabetic or pre- diabetic. Get a CBC blood test and see where you stand. I did, and founs out I was diabetic, elevated blood pressure, etc,etc. It scared me enough to loose weight. Like me you are a walking time bomb.  I would not exercise right away. And if you have not had an x-ray of it to make sure there is no fracture. Keep it elevated until the swelling goes down. It may take weeks for the bruises to go away. If you exercise on it now. The swelling may get worse. Suggest you get an x-ray of it to be sure there is no fracture first.  Gaining weight can also be related to some medications. Since you are 59 . And if you are taking any medication. Be sure and read the paper's that come with those medications. As some state. May cause weight gain.  I too have a torn ACL and a bad meniscus. I find that the best ab exercises for me are regular crunches, six inches, planks, and leg lifts. I would stay away from the bicycle crunches, but that's the only ab exercise that has caused me knee pain.  Go to the heart.org site and it gives you a chart.  This could possibly be a circulation problem. Other conditions that can cause cold extremities are thyroid issues (Hypothyroidism) or Diabetes. I hope this helps!  I also have a Hiatal hernia. This condition is caused when the abdominal organs start to poke thru the abdominal cavity and press against the diaphram. Because of this, when you do crunches you are putting pressure on the area that you have the hernia at. Also when you do any exercise you tend to breath faster. This can be uncomfortable as well because the hernia is pressing on your diaphram which expands when you take a breath. I hope this helps!  Yes, see a Dr. if you currently are having pain, or limited mobility.  FCBS delivers simple yet highly effective slimming program to lose weight with the help of Dubai health authorized Dietitian and Lymphatic drainage massage under the supervision of Dubai health authority certified Physiotherapists and massage therapists. http://fcbsglobal.com/weight-loss-treatment.php   I would suggest laying in bed and put both legs up and " pretend" you are riding a bicycle -do for a few minutes several times a day and eventually increase the time you are "riding". I bought my mom a 3-wheeled bike and borrowed my neighbor child bike to accompany her. If you are a senior, the local senior citizens center might have an exercise room, and it's not only fun visiting with the person next to you, but new friendships may occur. An important factor is to have someone with you that will help you make this a priority--set a time to meet. (Unless you're doing this in bed ha, ha). You've probably been told to keep your legs up whenever possible. Put a recliner in front of the tv, else find an inexpensive foot rest to put in front of your chair (if the top is hard, just put a cushion on it). And don't forget to have at least 2 pillows under your legs while you are sleeping. And last, don't wear socks that leaves a crease around your ankles or calves--this will affect the blood flowing to your legs and feet. (You might want to consider buying a pair of diabetic socks that have a loose top.) Hope this helps.  Your body prob got use to the workout. That happened to me and I workout with my dad for a while. I noticed I wasn't pushing myself and doing certain things right. Maybe find a trainer and ask them to show you some pointers. That helped me a lot. I wouldn't suggest diet pills. I don't know why I am against those but I haven't found any that doesn't have a lot of caffeine in it. I've read some labels say not to consume any other caffeine from coffee or tea. I'm a huge coffee drinker. Maybe you need to cut more things out of your diet. Maybe you didn't take enough things out. For instance I was a fast food junky b/c I'm always busy and I had to stop eating out and that helped me lose more.... Hopefully that helped. I'm not a professional. Just speaking based off my personal experience.  You may want to check if it is really a cold you have and not a allergy of some kind. My son used to have a runny nose all the time before we realized that it is not a cold but a allergy.  Drink more water. You are probably dehydrated.  You can't spot reduce fat, you need to lose it all over with diet and heavy lifting  6 weeks  You should see the doctor you may have some cartilage damage in the meantime time I would try otc patch like salonpas  after  Yes if needed and this shouldn't keep you from living your life.  is this your first time taking loratadine? Have you experienced muscle cramps before you took loratadine? Do you have any changes in your workout routine recently? If needed, you should stop taking Loratadine and see if these symptoms are improved.  I had a T-spine fusion after a compression/burst fracture and I was allowed to walk, stationary bike, elliptical, isometrics, swim, and just basic low impact exercises for 1 year after surgery.  This happens to me a lot it is only a cramp although it feels like it is breaking and falling off  You won't gain weight as the protein ingested will store itself in your body for later use if you go above the amount your body can digest at once but don't expect to see gains in muscle. As long as you keep those saturated and trans fats out of your diet most people will keep a steady weight.  It takes whatever time it takes. The fitter you are, the faster it will drop, though it will always take a while to return fully to the resting rate. Your resting heart rate should be somewhere in the 60s or 70s. That's the rate when you have been sitting or lying for a while. As you get fitter, it could drop even lower. Some athletes have resting heart rates in the 40s. Mine is currently in the high 50's because I lift weights and exercise 6 days a week. Hope this helps  On average, it takes a normal couple one year to get pregnant. Have intercourse every other day, not every day (every day reduces sperm counts). And if you want to be more accurate, use ovulation test strips. You are most fertile 3 days before you ovulate to 1 day after ovulation. Answer test strips are my favorite because they offer 20 strips a month for you to test on (great if you have irregular cycles). The second line on the strip will often be darker than the control line when you do ovulate. Keep track of your cycles on a calendar so you know approximately when you ovulate so you can target the days you try to conceive better. If it goes past a year, or if your monthly cycles are over 35 days (from the first day of your period to your next first day), you can go to the doctor and get checked out, but chances are you just need a little more time! Good luck!  no you wouldto shakey  oh sure just be careful no traidmil if it's your leg  Have you ever had your blood sugar checked? You may be hypoglycemic.  if it looks like the stitchs could be pulled apart or if theres pain due to swelling id go to the ER exercise depends where you stitchs are located im sure  I have Chronic Fatigue Syndrome & Fybromyalgia, over 25 years now. The answers given so far are very good. Pushing thru any kind of pain is now looked upon as unsafe. All the docs, meds, nutritional supplements, exercise, & even new age (unconventional) information & advice that I have received over the years seem to agree on this. Never push thru the pain; personally i have suffered worse whenever I tried. Start slow, take breaks when your body feels the need, build up slowly. Always do your best. Since this illness varies day to day, your best may be different every day, so keep that in mind & give yourself credit regardless how much you do. I always try to take one step at a time no matter what I am doing or need to do. I understand the pain and frustration, and how different my life could be. I've had to learn not to overdo, not to be afraid to ask for help when things are too much, make sure I put my priorities first(I've raised 2 boys), and try to always leave a bit of fun time for myself. Also, never stop asking 'what can I do differently?' , 'Has a cure been found?',& never stop looking for answers even when they never come. I hope you have a good group of doctors & wish all the best for you!  I cant think of the name of it, but I beleive there is nasal spray,( which may or may not also be for allergies), that works for dryness, too. Ask your pharmacist. i get some of my best information from them. Good luck. If I think of the name I will try to answer again.  I have tried both ways and I believe that exercise to almost to the point and then draw back, pushing though seemed to prolong my pain and definitely added to it. If you do push to hard then I would suggest that you immediately or as soon as possible be kind to your body with warm water soaks. I know it is frustrating when you are used to pushing through your body pain to do and be what you want. But there are painful consequences. It could cause you to be unable to do anything. I just know that "pacing yourself" is the watch word here. Pacing yourself is a somewhat vague statement but it means to not to use all your energy doing one thing especially if you want to have other things in your life. It's harder to do than say and requires practice. We have athletes who do marathons and other difficult sport activities. I hope this help. Start slow, when they say 1 or 2 minutes they mean it, but soon your body will be able to tolerate it at most times and never, never think if you have to take a break because of a flare up that you can just pick up where you started before the flare up, start slower and build back up. I have found that individual type sports like hiking, swimming, the non-contact sports seem to be best as it is easier to do that pacing I was talking about. Good Luck hope this helps. And do not forget to stretch!  I beilieve you have a sprain or tear that you need to stop the activity and give it a chance to heal completly. If not it will never heal, you keep aggrivating it.  The body responds to what is known as the SAID principle. Specific Adaptations to Imposed Demands. When you look at marathon runners, they are generally thin but actually have a higher body fat % than sprinters. This is an adaptation, when you run for long periods your body needs energy. If your exercise program has no variation your body adapts and begins to hold on to it's fat so that it has energy stores to be used during long runs.   	 	 	 	 	 		<!-- 		BODY,DIV,TABLE,THEAD,TBODY,TFOOT,TR,TH,TD,P { font-family:"Arial"; font-size:x-small } 		 --> 	 	 	 	 		Looking for a pain relief products for your pain? Just click the link and see the useful products for your back, foot or heal pain. Order it Now and get relief from your pain. 	 	 	 	 	 	 		<!-- 		BODY,DIV,TABLE,THEAD,TBODY,TFOOT,TR,TH,TD,P { font-family:"Arial"; font-size:x-small } 		 -->http://www.drkevinho.com/  as long as you are getting the basic calories that is needed to maintain the body it should be fine. but if you are burning off more than what you consume than you should experience weight loss. even though you may lose weight, you need to eat sufficiently for the body recover after exercising during rest.  Talk to your family doctor and make appointment to see a nutritionist. You are what you eat, and having high pressure means you should decrease your salt intake and less greasy or fried food. And there are certain food you should avoid and other you should eat to help lower the blood pressure.  You may be losing inches! Not just lowering your number on the scale!! :)  It might sound strange but I had triglycerides over 1000 and got them to normal range with lots of black tea and 5000 mg of EPA DHA (Omega-3) fish oil supplements daily. The fish oil was at my MDs advice but didn't seem to work until I started drinking plain black tea in place of water - 5 tea bags in 64+ oz water daily.  If you are dedicated to loss weight, it will be better to burn more calories but you have to make sure that you replace what you burn to keep your body in good condition. It may have its negative effect if you practice burning more calories without taking in the right amount that your body needs.  If you are dedicated to loss weight, it will be better to burn more calories but you have to make sure that you replace what you burn to keep your body in good condition. It may have its negative effect if you practice burning more calories without taking in the right amount that your body needs.  Not necessarily. If you really have the desire to lose weight and be fit, you just have to possess the proper motivation. Have a balanced diet and a regular exercise. Live a healthy lifestyle and be positive.  The perfect time is the time of the day that you feel motivated and you feel like exercising. For most people, it will be every morning but it will actually depend on the kind of lifestyle that you have.  Also, make sure you're getting enough sleep - . Sleep is necessary for the metabolism.  Hello, it happens after the pregnancy, the problem of increased body weight and the fat, on the surrounding area of waist, thighs, arms. It is good to follow a daily exercise routine along with the proper diet program, but if you are still not losing body weight, then you need to do some changes in the efforts you are doing. I recommend you to go for the resveratrol, it is actually a natural phenol molecule, posses amazing properties to fight against the obesity, when resveratrol taken in the form of supplements and included in your diet programs, it metabolizes the excess body fat and flushes out the fat, it triggers SiRT1 gene in the upper intestine and works excellent to reduce the body weight. There are plenty of options available you can use to supplements. In my opinion you should go for the resveratrol supplements .  My ortho physician had me stop exercising a few months ago due to stiffness and extreme swelling. He actually ordered physical therapy and stopped it due to swelling increasing instead of decreasing.  Hello jean13. It's very good that you can reach out and talk about your issues. if you are way overweight then yes, exercise is always recommended...but not always necessary in 2011 i was able to lose 70 lbs in less than 5 months by doing no exercise. a life changing experience helped me to learn the secret to weight loss and how to look at life for what it is. Losing weight has to do with working less, not working more. depending on how overweight you are, you might not want to put too much pressure on a body that's already struggling with an amount of weight that's too much for your frame. losing weight is 100% mental. if you're mentally in it the body will follow and do its thing as long as you understand to get out of your own way. i also suffered from anxiety and depression. i beat the hell out it though. i had to take 47 pills a week. my condition got worse and worse. losing weight is about becoming aware of WHAT you are not who you are or what others are saying or doing or what your occupation is. your body doesn't understand that stuff. trust me...i speak from experience, not just reciting something i got off the internet, tv or some crap story in the tabloids. i just got finished losing 15 lbs in a week and a half. no problem. i'm telling you that you're much more powerful than you think and much more powerful than you've been taught in school, on tv, in magazines or even in church. The greatest dietary supplements and pharmacy on the planet is already in you. it's just waiting for you to throw the switches. You are divine. KNOW it! You are a product of nature, not something that's owned by a corporation. BE your own president. I'm always here if you need anything answered or just need to talk. i would like to know how much you weigh or how much you need to lose if you don't mind. Keep your head up and have a glorious, logical day!  I had the identical problem many years ago. I found that I either had to take statin drugs or supplements to make sure my LDL was low and HDL was higher(I also had an HDL count of about 20). I totally changed my diet after having my internal doctor test my blood every 90 days for a year. I had to stop eating all saturated foods (red meat, whole milk, eggs, chicken/turkey skin, etc) and also any foods that have a lot of cholesterol(shrimp, eggs, etc), but my cholesterol did not change much. It was that way in spite of exercising like crazy(90 minutes of moderate aerobics twice a week, walking long distance fast once a week, and strengthening my muscles once/twice a week. My HDL was still between 20-25, the LDL was about 130, and my triglycerides were over 100. I researched supplements and found that the following would probably help me and they worked perfectly: policosanol, red yeast rice, SloNiacin, and fish oil. My HDL is now and has been for several years 40-47. My LDL and triglycerides are below 100 and are around 80-90. My internal doctor always says to just continue what I am doing and that I do not need statin drugs.  If you are asking if you should have it checked out, then yes you should. Better safe than sorry. *I AM NOT A DOCTOR, BUT I HAVE COMMON SENSE AND LIKE TO STUDY MEDICINE*  It's what feels right to you. Personally, running helped me a lot. Swimming on the other hand did not. Yoga was challenging, but I just didn't get the same results I did after a hard run. When I run, I feel empower after and even if I'm on the edge of having a panic attack when I leave the house, I can chase that feeling away. I've avoided quite a few panic attacks by running. I've been having less of them too. I started to work out everyday and now I'm having less panic attacks. Just try different things out. Try yoga, try running, try walking, try workout apps. Whatever makes you feel better is the best exercise. I'm not a doctor, but running has been helping me, so I thought I'd chime in.  If you are overweight then there is no negative effects of this but if you are average weight person then it will surely cause some negative effects.  yes  You aren't supposed to do any floor abs lying on your back after your first trimester. There is a great quiz on here about exercising & pregnancy you can take that is very informative & also touches on that question :)  Systolic The top number, which is also the higher of the two numbers, measures the pressure in the arteries when the heart beats (when the heart muscle contracts). Diastolic The bottom number, which is also the lower of the two numbers, measures the pressure in the arteries between heartbeats (when the heart muscle is resting between beats and refilling with blood).  Its as easy as stepping into a swiimming pool / water no higher than shoulder blades. But 1st pick up 2 cheap starfoam blocks that is velcrowed around your ankles as you just walk around and maybe a small ball you can push in front as you walk. This Takes The Gravity out of getting a good workout. I say you will be up to 40 min 3-4 day a week. I have Had 3 Back surgeries , ending in nerve damage and it was the only thing that gave me great work out and didnt injur me. 4 star advice, good luck  I have had both infections and only had itching with the yeast infection. Any Discharge? UTI's or Bladder infections feel more of an urgency to urinate, and then you go and its just a few dribbles that causes discomfort. However, maybe its in the hair, lice etc. it will live in aLL hair and on surfaces. I'd have this checked out again, and if your doctor still says everything is fine ask what you can do to alleviate the symptoms..good Luck, that feeling is awful , as most women know at one time or another!  Congrats on this big step in life! You can do it! However to safely do it I would go to your local ymca and have a professional check you out( your heart rate ect...) They will put you on a plan that fits you!!  i would ask your Doc.  I had gastric bypass 4/2012 and I have had abdominal pain recurring and relieved off and on since November. I was diagnosed with and umbilical hernia and also with abdominal adhesions. You should talk to your doctor about the possibility of adhesions. Mine are very painful when they hurt and the only relief is with narcotic pain meds.  could be low blood sugar.  i cant give you a sure answer but i can say its possible only for the idea that when u workout your blood flow increases and with that the blood in your eyes do ... as for why u would have bloodshot eyes it unclear, do u have high blood pressure by any chance .... or or u talking anything to enhance ur workouts .. cause that can be a cause possibley, if it doeant stop i would say go to your doctor , my brother had blood shot eyes all the time and its not form anything green :P but allergies if your workingout outside maybe ur near something bothering you .... either way maybe even a quick call to the doctor cant hurt he will let u know if its something to worry about , hope this helped  well i would say try to est soft foods my dad who eats like a pig i might add :) began having the same problem didnt lasts as long it began and before he knew it he was unble to go at all he waited 8 days before going to the hospital , which i dont advise to find he had a tumor blocking his intestines from letting the stool pass they did a very minor surgery and gave him a better diet and hes been fine, my guess is its possible you could have something like this but its not blocking completely only partly which could be the reason you cant go all the time , a stool softener is a good idea rather than a laxative because it this is the problem you could stress the tumor and cause it to swell which would make the problem worse... and its only an idea many people will disagree with this but sometimes a cigarette can help as they make people poop , but thats a once in a blue kinda thing and only if you have no other choice at that moment. either way this is something you should go to the doctor for they may want to go in with a camera , i myself had tumers as a child which cause pain, blood and blockage , they were removed 3 times with lasers. do you have blood when you go and not to be gross but is your stool normal of more watery when it does happen , bacause it you do for sure have a blockage it more likely you will have more watery stool , i hope you feel better and hope this helped you to some level :)  I'm 18 and recovering from anorexia and bulimia. I have been at a stable weight for roughly a year and a half. When I was your age, I became severely underweight and had to be admitted to an inpatient treatment center. All that you have written sounds exactly like how I felt and how I thought when I was suffering from the disease most. I would constantly research diet strategies, exorcises, and ways to cope with the depression that soon hit me. Like you and all others that suffer from eating disorders, I was obsessed.  What was the outcome if you dont mind me asking  how long have you been off?? i was on birth control for 4 years and got of and got pregnant a week later.. just depends on how fast your body can get the medicine out of your system because you have been on it so long! hope this helps!!  Personally, since you are only in the pre hypertension stage, I would say start with the cardiologist recommendation. You can always go on the pills if it doesn't work. Also, do you check your blood pressure at any other time besides at the doctor? Many people's BP's go up naturally just beacuse they are at the doctor. It's called white coat syndrome. Go to your local pharmacy that has a blood pressure machine and check it there. (Make sure you sit there at least 4 minutes before taking your pressure, walking can raise it, so you need to rest first)  Great Job on the weight loss! That is awesome. It is possible that you may be able to eventually reduce or get off your BP meds but it depends on various factors. If weight is a contributing factor for the High BPs, then losing weight should help. Bring it up with your doctor and make she/he knows that reducing meds is something you'd like to work on. If you don't have one already, get an electronic blood pressure machine. This way, you can record your BP numbers and have something to show the doctor when you go to your appt. and he will have a guide to use to help start reducing your meds.  It does sound like dehydration. Drink plenty of water and also maybe a powerade or gatorade before, during, and after excersizing. Also make sure you have 5-10 min warm up and cool down periods to give your body a chance to 'catch up'.  Blood pressure will be high after excersising. Moving around will cause the BP to go up which is why they always have you sit when you are at the doctor's office. Even just standing can raise your BP. I would let your doctor know this at your next visit though, as I am not sure if it should be going that high. Good Luck!  hey , there can be a lot of reasons for all this happening to you , 1 .first of you should must adjust carbohydrate quantity and qualityin your diet, 2.your muscles are also not strong enough as you dont do workout regularly, 3.may be you are not well hydrated.take fluids with essential electrolytes before during and after exercise. 4.start working out regularly or alternatively one day rest and the next workout. 5.always do a little warm up before exercise and stretching after the exercise. 6.eat proteins a bit more than you normally eat so that your muscles can develop. 7.take at least 8 hours sleep a day which should must have a ciesta of 1 to 2 hours. 8.take a cup of coffee an hour before doing exercise this will boost your metabolism and keep you vigilant for a couple of hour at least. 9.and at last your tiredness can also be a result of some medical condition like Hypothyroidism or some metabolic disease, I am a 5 year med student, i was skinny a 2 year before and same things used to happen to me , then i started using the techniques that i mentioned above, and it really improved my stamina , my muscle size and my mood especially, i gained 10 kg of weight without any increase in my waist. that was a just a brief overview of the solution to your problem, if you want details of all this , i am here to help you, muhammad noman imtiaz cuba nomanimtiaz@ucmex.vcl.sld.cu  yes, any strenuous exercise for a long period will deplete your bodies electrolytes and should be replaced.  i like yoga. i always feel rejuvenated after yoga.  5 days a week  Iron deficiency    It is never too late to start exercising. It is important that you get a professional trainer to guide you in exercising. You can start with something like Yoga which will not be too stressful along with brisk walking. Once your body adjusts to this routine you can hit the gym for light weights too.  I have Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, and exercising makes me worse. It's called "exercise malaise". I don't know if that's what you have, but I would ask your doctor.  You may actually exercise anytime of the day but be sure to wear a face mask if you have allergies on environmental factors. You have to be aware about the factors that may cause you allergies. A laser tattoo removal in NYC has been proven to work well without the risks on your skin. Check out www.disappearinginknyc.com.  There might be some problems with your diet. Try the Zeltiq in NYC or visit www.bodytreatmentcenter.com for an effective way to reduce fats.  You have to add more fiber to your diet. You can try Trusculpt if you want to reduce the appearance of fats in a faster way. Check out www.bodytreatmentcenter.com.  I think you have to recheck your diet. You also have to make yourself aware about the importance of living an active lifestyle so you will stay healthy and remain in perfect shape. You may also try the Trusclupt in NYC. Check out www.bodytreatmentcenter.com.  I have Peripheral Artery Disease. I got it in my late 40s due to blood coagulation problem. I also had very high cholesterol (over 300+ my entire life). I had difficulty walking by age 50. I put myself on high dose nattokinase and serrapeptase and the symptoms disappeared within 6 weeks. You will know it is working within 1 month. I eat as much cholesterol as I want. I have been on this over 6 years. I am on maintenance dose. Just experiment with dosage over time to get the minimum dose and cost. Please be aware that conventional medicine perpetuates lies about cholesterol. Just take the time to look at the studies. If the arteries are clean enough, you won't have heart disease. Ignore the cholesterol propaganda. They have Nattokinase made from bacteria and fungus, with and without vitamin K. Both work but I prefer the Nattokinase with Vitamin K. Without vitamin K is for people on prescriptions drugs. I take Best Nattokinase and Serrapeptase. I buy from Swanson vitamin because they are cheap. iI'm amazed they don't have Heart disease category for this. Chinese have done thousands of studies on effectiveness of fibrolytic enzymes for heart attack and stroke prevention.  I had same problem and found out it was my thyroid I gained 56 lbs in 4 weeks have some blood drawn but tell ur doctor to test ur thyroid. There are 75% of americans who have thyroid disease and it goes untested. try that and congrats on the new baby. God Bless and hope this help u out to ease ur mind some.\  Plyometrics is a very dangerous method of exercising. There are no exceptions and the damage is cumulative. Plyometrics involve jumping and landing, both involving high acceleration and impact forces. My premise is that all injuries (i.e. tissue damage) are caused by the application of forces that exceed the structural tolerances of the tissues injured. A bone fracture is an obvious example. Simply put, plyometrics exposes a trainee to injury level forces and this is unnecessary to gain the adaptive benefits of exercise. The problem is not just limited to the spectrum of acute athletic injuries. Those high level forces that are not high enough to cause catastrophic tissue failure can still proceed to damage structures like articular cartilage and loosen joint systems (muscle insertions, ligaments, musculotendinous junctions) in a sub-clinical way. This risk is elevated because of the risk of slipping due to the nature of the exercise. These repeated impact forces contributes to chronic degenerative disease with osteoarthritis as the ultimate result. Articular cartilage can be slowly and significantly damaged over time and this has now been shown on runners where sequential MRIs were done over about 4 years. Many people do not know that this asymptomatic damage is irreversible, and over time this cumulative damage becomes debilitating.  What does your diet consist of? If it is high in processed sugar, you are going to burn that quickly and become tired. If you eat more foods that have complex carbohydrates such as grains rather than simple carbohydrates such as sugar. Also, make sure you don't skip meals and always eat breakfast. That will make sure you have a constant energy supply. Also, Rome wasn't built in a day. Exercise if good for the body; remember you only have one body so make the best of it. Start with light exercise and work your way up. You are going to feel tired at first because you are not use to it. But once it becomes a habit, you should start feeling better.  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  My question is marked as "private" on my profile, so I am not sure if anyone can see it except for me. If you can see this question and answer, just give me any response. Thanks  no you have started a new diet and stayed with it keep up the good work  yes you can  yes, it will tighten that area. I guarentee you! contract and relax those muscles repeatedly 7 to 10 times then hold tightly/contract for as long as you can while sitting at a stop light in your car, at the office, watching tv or when ever you think about it and you will notice results quickly and so will your partner. if you can't always do it for that long of a time or that many reps don't worry. any added amount will make a difference.  My father also have this problem but exercise make him feels good. I guess exercise will help you out. And to clear up the cough do pursed lip exercise. Thank you  Hi... The first thing you should know is your numbers so that you will be able to know if you loss some or gain more. Then you have to know what is the problem why you gained weight. Before I do gained weight and tried everything.Laxative teas that can caused dehydration, exercise that is hard but I just got some muscle pain but still on my number. I also tried pills that made me spent my days in the hospital. But when I know my problem that I have sleep disorder and because of staying late at night and eating more in midnight I am just helping my metabolism to be slow.  You have the same story of my mother. She also did not eat sugar,less salt, and even meat. She also experience nausea and vomiting. She was diagnosed with hypoglycemia. She thought that less sugar will help her in losing weight or even if you are low of protein in the body . Our body needs sugar also. Even diabetic people needs it. But not too much. If you really want to lose weight. Find a loss buddy and have a nutritionist . I am doing this too http://bit.ly/1ocaNoB Perhaps this will can help you.  I'm physician, but I'm familiar with friends and family who have diabetes. Even if physically fit, people can still diabetes. It may also be a sign that the level of in your blood is significantly low. is a condition associated with low iron, where staying warm is a challenge. Taking iron pills or daily vitamins may help your blood stay healthy and circulate properly, allowing good blood flow through out the body. Thus keeping your body temperature normal. Probably having your blood sugar and levels checked couldn't hurt. At least that would be two things you could narrow down on the list. :)  I have very severe multiple site OA. I have it in both thumbs and now fingers, rest, ice or heat, anti-inflammatory (pain meds). Tylenol is a good pain reliever but will do nothing for the inflammation if you have inflammation. I use heating pads as I don't always tolerate the ice. The cold is what will cause me more pain such as a drop in outdoor temps in winter. Try capsasin but be very, very careful that you do not get it near your face, eyes and mouth. Capsasin used to work great on my back early on in the OA battle but now it does not work for me. Good luck.  Fibromyalgia/Myfascial causes bands of tough tissue to develop, for me it's been around my joints. To "push through" is not a wise idea rather you should "push to" because you will help break this up but to push through may cause more damage to your soft tissues, muscles and tendons. If you are sedentary you should never begin an exercise routine with emphasis on "no pain, no gain", ever. You need to speak with your doctor and a physiotherapist/chiropractor devise a plan of exercise that takes into account your muscular and skeletal weaknesses and work around them, it will take longer but it will also be a smarter way to achieve your goals. Slow and steady will win this race. You don't want to pile injury on top of FM.  Intitially i would say you are probably going through some kind of withdrawal, either from caffeine or sugar or carbs etc, however if these headaches are still ongoing for that long i would strongly advise going to the doctor to get it checked out, its probably nothing major but better to be safe. Hope you feel better soon.  I have had bad rotator cuffs and frozen shoulders in both shoulders. The docs had me do therapy/shoulder exercises for 6 months before I had surgery for the first one, and all I did was therapy for the other, with no MRI on the second (although I also could only do therapy because of the cost of follow-up on the second after my insurance changed). Maybe I had bad doctors and therapists, but nobody ever told me that exercises would make it worse and everyone really pushed for 30 min. to hour of exercise every day to every other day. The exercises/therapy before and after my surgery, performed both by myself and by professional therapists, were very painful. And except for a very short time immediately after my surgery, the doctor and therapists never said to limit the exercises because of the pain or that the painful exercises were possibly causing harm. Although I would recommend some care obviously. The exercises you find at reputable sites on the internet are typically the same that I was given to perform. Large wide bands (rubber) are used for most of the exercises for strengthening. I haven't looked for them in the store but they may be available - start with the least resistance you can get first then work up to stronger bands. The exercises should be done slowly in both directions - don't use a band that's so strong you can't control the recoil, and you should be able to do ten to fifteen repetitions. Other exercises can be done against a wall. I am not a doctor or medical professional, so I don't have to recommend seeing a doctor. Obviously it would be best to do so, but I understand that decent health care isn't affordable - even with insurance.  Squats!!! A lot of them!!:)  Dizzy type of feeling after exercise is a symptom that you are may be dehydrated or low blood sugar. After practicing exercise consume some less calorie food or have a piece of fruit so it may be work well. If you are getting continuously the same feeling better to gradually stop doing exercises and go for the best method which suits you. It is better to search for Easy ways to get weight loss and many e-books which gives you better tips on weight loss and not even regain. One of the best tips which is used by many people and got better results is Sallysymond's Love Your Weight Loss tips. You love it to do because: You wont feel deprived or hungry, You wont have to perform endless repetitions of the same mind-numbingly boring exercises or spend hours and hours at the gym, Youll be full of energy and many more just by following the simple steps provided.  Hey gairl, As your situations, we suggest you to smoke ? electronic cigarettes ?instead. To buy a e cig starter kit and get E-linquid or E-cartridge, so you can smoke for a long time and save a lot of money.  NO  I think so, yes. In addition I have found that if your legs are in good shape because you exercise regulary, then it tends to tighten up your pelvic floor muscles to. Just my own personal experience of course.  I broke my spine at L4 L5 on top of a nerve with cyst. I had surgery, and decided to take jobs where I could walk... well, you always seem to end up dragging heavy things around which is not good for you. Also, do not go bowling - that a no-brainer, but evidently I do not have one. I find walking is the best, and I agree it is boring so... I walk in big stores, because it is more interesting. Wal-Mart is great because it is so big you can keep a good pace. I have a huge herniated disc and nerve room involvement just where I had the spinal fusion surgery. I am in pain right now, and the nerve block did not work. I am also a little scared because I do not know what is going to happen next. I went to physical therapy, because the insurance required it before my nerve block. They could not work on my back because it was too swollen - but you might benefit you. I have been to other physical therapists and they were not that helpful. I really like this one - Results Physical Therapy. They may be a chain. They will give you exercises (that make sense and help.) Good luck - do not forget to use an ice pack because that helps (I use frozen peas wrapped in a towel. Thanks, Denise   Seated Exercises for neuropathy involving the feet, ankles, and legs: Standing Exercises for Balance: It is very important that you are safe when you work on balance exercises so you do not fall. It may be necessary for you to have supervision or assistance from another person to prevent a fall. If your balance is good enough, you may stand by your kitchen sink, or behind a sturdy chair.  I have similar symptoms of knee pain as you show. I also get mine from standing too long in lines or while I'm at work. I was diagnosed some years ago as having weak ligaments in both knees. I spent 6 weeks in intense physical therapy that included mild electro shock therapy on the muscles and ligaments. Once I was cleared from pt, they gave me a series of exercises to do on a daily basis and it helped. One of them was to find a door way that has a slight step up or use a block to stand on, and with your knee that is hurting slowly lower your other foot down to the ground and come back up about 10x to start with. You also should probably see a doctor to make sure there is no issue as far as a torn or inflamed acl tcl or mcl.  I have a protein shake which relieves me of that felling of being hungry.  Well that could be poor circulation, not stretching enough or dehydration. Make sure that you are well hydrated because when you become dehydrated, your limbs can start to feel cold and numb. Also, stretching your calf is very important. Just take a few extra minutes to stretch it like this: Go to a wall and press the toes and balls of your feet against the wall while the end part of your heel remains on the ground. Push your body toward the wall and you should feel the stretch on your calf. If none of this helps, it could be a circulation problem, so you should see a doctor. I had the same thing happening and the stretching and hydrating made it go away.  @Nohard:  Myself and many friends we found eating onions --about 150 gram per day during the lunch -- is very effective for increase the HDL In one case --without change any other factor as exercise ,drugs etc-- after systemetically eating onions for 4 months , HDL increased from 43 to 69  The only way to loose weight is to burn more calories than you take in. That's fine. The problem here is that this person is eating so few calories that their body is activating its starvation mechanism, cauing muscles to be catabolized, as well as drastic decreases in overall metabolic rate. If he/she wants to loose weight, they should eat, on average, 500-1000 calories a day less than their adjusted basal metabolic rate, depending on how much weight loss is required (you can calculate this number here: http://www.calories-calculator.net/Daily_Calorie_Calculator.html). That is to say, the less weight you have to loose, the less of a deficit is required. This deficit causes your body to pull from its fat reserves without unreasonably increasing the rate of muscle atrophy. Having said, the American College of Sports Medicine recommends that calorie intake never fall below 1200 calories a day for women, or 1800 calories a day for men.  Dear Sir,  