just one call and solve your all problem call(+91-9501893254) love problem solution baba ji(+91-9501893254) how to lost love back (+91-9501893254 love problem solution 1-problem in husband wife 2-problem in family relation 3-physical problem 4-problem in your love (+91-9501893254 5-willfull marriage 6-bussiness problem 7-problem in study 8-problem as childless 9-get back boyfriend 10-your wised love back get all solutions in your life with in 24 hours with in astrology contect no.(+91-9501893254  A high thyroglobin antibody level in and of itself does not mean you have thyroid disease. They are found in nearly 20% of all women. However high levels of thyroglobulin antibodies associated with other thyroid antibodies are found in 80 to 90% of people with immune mediated inflammation of the thyroid (Hashimotos thyroiditis). This is the most common type of thyroid hormone deficiency in the U.S. Thyroglobulin antibodies are also found in pregnant women, relatives of patients with Hashimotos thyroiditis, and in people with other immune mediated diseases such as Type 1 diabetes. The usual course of Hashimoto's thyroiditis is gradual loss of thyroid function. Antibodies to thyroglobulin are considered to occur as a result of damage to the thyroid from special white blood cells (T cells). Common symptoms of thyroid hormone deficiency include fatigue, being cold all the time, weight gain, constipation, dry skin, and menstrual irregularities. Since these symptoms occur in other diseases, it is important not to always blame thyroid deficiency as the cause. Fortunately, laboratory tests for thyroid function make this diagnosis relatively easy. However, because loss of thyroid hormone develops over time and antibodies can herald problems, you will want to follow-up with your doctor about your thyroid tests and your symptoms.  Your very low testosterone level may be the cause of your symptoms. Testosterone deficiency causes muscle wasting and weight loss. Genetic inheritance plays a role in fewer than 10% of cases of Lou Gehrig's disease, as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is popularly known. Testosterone deficiency is not necessarily an indication of of ALS. There is some evidence, though, that babies exposed to high levels of testosterone during pregnancy are more likely to develop ALS later in life. Talk to your doctor about treating your low testosterone level and hopefully your muscle mass and weight will improve. If you have weakness of your legs or hands, slurred speech, or trouble swallowing, these may be signs of ALS and should be evaluated by your doctor.  Hi I'm sorry about your nephew. And glad that he has a wonderful aunt. I had a neighbour who had a autistic child, she too was in denial of the fact that the child needed help. She didnt even accept the opinion of her OB?Gyn, who assisted in her childbirth. This kid was 3 1/2 when he wouldnt even utter a word, but was humming songs in sync. Like wise, Austin might have some special skill which you could nurture and approach thro that area for therapy at home. It could be that - some people think denial or looking away makes the problem disappear. We do know that it might be painful for the mother to hear such a thing about her child. Probably you or other family members could take her for counselling first and make her realise that care and cure is available. And you all are there to support them. Wish you get all help for your little nephew.  1. Taking the time to cook your familys meals is probably the most important step to cutting back on the salt. Processed and prepared foods usually contain substantially more salt than youd ever add to your home prepared meals. 2. Buy fresh or frozen fruits and vegetables. If you buy canned, look for no salt added on the label. 3. Choose alternate seasonings to flavor your food. If you use a seasoning blend, select one that is salt-free. 4. Be a label reader. Salt will be listed as sodium. Select items that contain 5% of less of your daily salt intake. Steer clear of food items that contain 20% or more of your daily salt intake! 5. Look for hidden sources of salt: salad dressing, canned soup/broth and packaged mixes. 6. Love sushi? Pick low-salt soy sauce (it usually has a green top). 7. Avoid or limit high-salt meats - those that are smoked, cured, or processed. 8. Dont put the salt shaker on the kitchen table.  Hi - I had anxiety & panic attack for over 25 years. One of the things that I found that really did help me was to do "reality" checks. I would ask myself questions that I could easily answer - things like - where am I, what am I wearing, (if out) - where am I going and what do i want/need to do?  An elevated white blood count frequently is a sign that the body is trying to fight off infection. Other possible reasons for the elevation of WBC are medication reactions, autoimmune disorders and abnormalities of the bone marrow. It is not on the top of my lists, and I would not read too much into It, but one specific cause of high WBC  Yes, foods that we eat can cause black, tarry stools. But chocolate donuts cookies don't sound like the cause. Thinks like black licorice, pepto- bismuth, blueberries, and iron supplements are more likely suspects for sources of ingested products causing the black-tarry color.The diarrhea and feeling light- headed can go along with the stomach bug. Ibuprofen can be harsh to the digestive tract and might cause some internal bleeding. But, the shortness of breath is a disturbing symptom when combined with feeling light-headed, and having black-tarry diarrhea. This could be a sign of a more significant medical problem and even a medical emergency. Conditions such as ulcers, gastritis, hemorrhoids, a stomach tear called Mallory-Weiss (usually caused by violent coughing"), and some types of cancer are legitimate medical concerns. I recommend that you go to the emergency room of a nearby hospital to rule-out any type of internal bleeding that could change from minimal to massive quickly. Be prepared for possible testing including barium studies, x-rays, rectal exam, stool specimen culture, and a colonoscopy. As you can see by this answer, many possible causes may be the reason for your present medical condition. It is virtually impossible to diagnosis the exact cause of your problem through only your question on this web site. Since the possibility does exist, no matter how remote, that you may be in a serious medical crisis, please go the hospital (don't hesitate to call 911) where trained medical personnel and testing equipment are available.  Your grandma more than likely has Post Polio Syndrome (PPS). Some polio survivors after many decades have a return of polio symptoms as you describe in your question. It is suspected that damage was done to some muscles during the original polio epsiode and that the remaining useful muscles, after decades of overwork, have now become weakened and unstable.The diagnosis of PPS can be difficult to make and no cure is presently available. Physicans specializing in PPS and neurologist treat its symptoms mainly with physical and occupational therapy. Some medications have had limited success in helping to reduce fatigue and pain in PPS patients.   Lets clear up any confusion about the letters MBPS. The letters MBPS typically are shown together as an abbreviation for Mega Bytes per Second. Of course, it may also stand for Munchausen by proxy syndrome (MBPS) which fits in with the details of your question. Munchausen by proxy is usually seen as an adult caregiver causing intentional harm to the child under their care in order to receive attention. This syndrome can also manifest itself in a similar fashion through abuse of an elderly person under the caregivers care and control. There is debate among the experts as to whether Munchausen by proxy is a legitimate psychiatric disorder. Although I can understand your concern for the elderly mother referenced in your question, I do not believe that any action can be taken against the daughter unless harm or abuse can be proven. The fact that the daughter suffered from Munchausen 20 years ago cannot be used a future predictor of behavior. There are many individual walking the streets today that have killed friends, families, or complete strangers. These offenders may have spent time in prison or a mental hospital and were eventually returned into society without any restrictions on whom they may live with or that they once again are in an authority position with caretaker duties. In others words, once a person has completed any prison sentence or psychiatric hospitalization associated with their past Munchausen episode, their punishment has been satisfied. My advise is stay in the background and expect that the mother will not be hurt or abused. Your personal involvement should be limited to reporting any factual indications (not just suspicions) that harm or abuse is occuring.   The false sense of hearing water running without actual environmental stimuli is referred to as an auditory hallucination. They can be alarming to the patient and cause the caregiver much distress. It is a challenging conundrum that youre in. It sounds like youre at the end of your rope. The truth is that she is probably also at the end of her rope. Your mother may be feeling fear about the sound that she is hearing. She may also exhibit signs of frustration and anger when reality is promoted. It is important to remember that to your mother, the perception that she has of hearing running water then becomes her reality. It is difficult to be therapeutic and kind when a loved one is acting irrationally. It is fine line that needs to be walked in responding to her expressions of anxiety. Here is the trick You should not lie and agree that the water is actually running. This will only feed her hallucination and make her wonder why you havent taken action to correct the situation. It is also counterproductive to argue with her, to make her feel like the sounds are only in her head, or that she is senseless. A middle ground response on your part might be as follows: I know that what youre hearing is upsetting. Im working on a plan to help those sounds go away. I love you and would never allow anything to harm you. Those three sentences said with genuine care and love may offer her some degree of reassurance. Delusion disorder manifested by paranoia may also occur with the hallucinations. Those statements that youre responsible for the water sounds are not your mothers false perceptions, but instead go to her state of mind and reasoning. Here are my recommendations: Your mother needs to be evaluated professionally for the cause of these hallucinations. The causes may include dementia, Alzheimers disease, medication reactions, psychosis, and brain tumors. Antipsychotic medications may help your mom. Treating depression will not help with the hallucinations and delusions. Sit calmly, comfort her, and provide reassurance that you will not allow her to be hurt, Do not leave her alone in the house, Think about making environmental changes like keeping additional lights on during the night, or changing your mothers sleeping location further away from where she hears the noise. If she needs to be close to the restroom facilities, consider putting a portable commode in her room. Take a break as the caregiver. Perhaps other family members or friends can periodically take a turn in caring for your mother. Investigate daycare for your mom so that you have time to care for your own personal needs. This situation can definitely improve with calmness, patience, and professional intervention. I wish you well and admire your commitment to being your mothers caregiver.  Sometimes as human beings, we are subjected to one stressing life event after another. No matter the nature of these negative events of life and their cumulative bodily assault, there is a tendency on our part to outwardly appear "strong" and remain "Poker faced". Recently, you've been subjected to more than your fair share of life's down moments. Let me tell you about a 1960's study completed by 2 men, Holmes & Rale. No matter what you may think about the study, there is certainly some degree of validity attached to the findings.They questioned 5,000 individuals about life events and developed a scale to assess the probably of experiencing a stress related illness. At the bottom of the scale were individuals who scored < 150 points with having only a slight risk for illness.150-299 points revealed a moderate risk, and 300 + points suggested Being At Risk of Illness . The scale applied a numeric value to 43 different life events. Death of a spouse was the number 1 stressor and assigned 100 points. Here are a few of those life changing elements & corresponding values that may apply in your situation: 8th place- 47 points - Dismissal from work, 6th place - 53 points - Personal injury or illness, 2nd place- 73 points- Divorce 3rd place- 65 points- Marital separation As you can see, I've only noted 4 elements out of the possible 43, and already show you in the moderate range for being at risk for illness. Just imagine what your total points may be after considering the remaining stressing elements. You have every right to feel, as you described, "A Bit Depressed". Other responsible studies have shown a strong relationship between pre-surgical depression and experiencing less than ideal surgical outcomes. These studies are also coupled with citations claiming that a more lengthy recovery period may be necessary. Finally, most doctors would tell you that the majority of their office visit patients have some co-existing stress and depression symptoms. With that said, here are a few recommendations respectively submitted for your consideration: - Tell your doctor about your depressed mood, - Start treatment in the form of talk therapy and/or medication prior to your surgery, - Discuss your depressed mood with family members and close friends. Just unburdening your true feelings to another human being is therapeutic, - Join a support group that meets your emotional needs. It is helpful to hear other people tell us how they dealt with the same problem that we are experiencing, You stated in your question, " I want to get the operation out the way, and my situation gives me some time to do the op right now, and get on with my life." So do not delay in having the surgery. Instead, focus on living a joyful life and receiving depression treatment. Visualize positive expectations; it's a powerful tool that really works.  Yes, it is possible that you are suffering, at least in part, from Post Partum Depression. Post partum depression can manifest itself in" just feeling blue and emotionally low", in a modest to moderate way by having frequent mood swings, fits of anger and range, or in a very severe manner where feelings of harm to yourself or others may exist. Just like any major depressive disorder, untreated PPD can last for many months or even years. Yes, having a husband that works long hours and living in a state with no close family or friends is more than likely also contributing to your unhappy feelings. Treatment for depressive disorders, including PPD, involves talk therapy and medication. I would recommend that you first discuss your feelings of sadness with your husband. If for some reason he cannot be available or be supportive, your family doctor or a church official may act as a good sounding board to openly express your sad mood. Joining a support group may also generate some insight into your depression and provide you with some positive recommendations. Only a doctor or highly trained mental health professional can interrupt your negative symptoms and assign a diagnosis. I admire you for taking the first brave step to recovery by honestly acknowledging your feelings and asking for help on this website. Eighteen months is a long time to feel sad and to be unmotivated. You are deserving in feeling worthy, in having friendships, in having a close bond with your child, in being loved, cared for, and appreciated. Feeling chronically sad in a clinical manner is not normal . With appropriate treatment unhappiness can effectively be changed to joy.  Receiving a verbal report from the doctor of having an enlarged stomach, in and by itself, is of little help to the patient. You deserve an explanation for the significance of this observation. Some questions to be answered may include: What does that finding indicate for me?; What caused my enlarged stomach?; What treatments (if any) are avaliable?; What is the normal course to be followed in treating my enlarged stomach?; What is the prognosis for my condition? An enlarged stomach can be caused by various reasons including excessive body fat accumulation, fluid accumulation within the abdominal cavity, and many gastro-intestinial conditions. Treatment is dependent on the cause determined through the diagnosis process. Since underlying medical conditions can be responsible for an enlarged stomach, it is advised to follow-up with the G.I. doctor to learn the exact significance of it for you.  Post partum depression, like other forms of major depression, may last for months or even years if untreated . It is not your fault . Eighteen months is too long to have endured those feelings of sadness. Certainly with a husband working long hours and not being in an area with close friends and family can also contribute to depression. Only a mental health professional trained in depressive disorders can properly diagnosis whether you are experiencing PPD, some other form of depression, or a combination of these maladies. You may also have a medical condition that results in causing depression as a symptom. I respectively make the following suggestions: 1.) Talk with your husband about your sadness. If he is not approachable, then seek the counsel of your physician (this individual can conduct medical testing as well as assess your overall mental state, prescribe medication, and make mental health referrals) or a minister / priest /rabbi. They can act as a sounding board to express your feelings and offer positive suggestions on restoring joy in your life. 2.) Consider joining a self-help group to support your efforts at regaining purpose in your life. You deserve to feel worthy, to have friendships, and to feel and give love. Through talk therapy and medications, the prognosis is encouraging.  Starting out with an office visit to the family doctor is a great first choice. That individual will know you best, can complete a physical exam, request routine blood studies, possible EKG, urine analysis, and occult blood testing. They may even be able to refer you to a local women's clinic and help with coordination of the testing appointments. Plan on maximizing that visit by preparing a list of tasks that you would like to satisfy during your conference with the doctor. Information to be included may be: Demographic information such as name, address, phone number, birth date, marital status, your pharmacy name and phone number, and medical insurance policy numbers. Include a section to report all prescription and over the counter medications being taken including their dosage and times of the day taken. The 3rd section of your office visit list should include medical symptoms that you may be experiencing, testing requested, medications needed, and any other details that you wish to share with the doctor. Make a copy of this document for yourself and hand the doctor a copy as he enters the exam room.  Chances are that at the age of 25, you've had a number of eye exams. It is unlikely that "AE" would be missed during these exams and that your family has not noticed your eyes converging inwards. Additionally, "AE" may cause other eye abnormalities which you did not mention in your question. As a matter of fact, your vision was reported to be normal. Most "AE" patients require treatment with bifocal glasses as a child. It is not unusual for an individual during early adulthood to experience a temporary awkward tendency in maintaining eye contact with others. Perhaps (It is just a thought) that what is happening is a normal growth and development phase where your social anxiety level is high. With time and some work, this condition can usually be overcome. I suggest that you see your family doctor and have a complete physical exam. Additionally, be examined by an eye specialist (Optometrist or Ophthalmologist) at least once to either rule in or rule out diseases of the eye. Once medical reasons are eliminated as a cause for your difficulty in maintaining eye contact, then you can move forward and explore a possible anxiety disorder. This response is being submitted with caring and respectful intentions.You deserve a conclusive answer to your concerns by being evaluated in person by a medical professional.  Pellagra is caused by a Victim B Complex deficiency. Unlike in 1922, it is now rare to contract this disease in developed countries due to balanced diets and fortified enriched foods. Pellagra remains a problem for underdeveloped countries where niacin poor diets of corn and wheat are the primary food sources. Pellagra can be characterized by symptoms such as diarrhea, dermatitis, mental disturbances, and may result in death.   Nohard, thank you for your answer. Your suggested article was interesting and appreciated. I had read that Tart Cherry Juice (specifically) contains anti-inflammatory properties which helps with nerve control, may improve gout symptoms, and protects against muscle damage and the development of arthritis. I'm taking a leap of hope that some WebMd posters may have tried Tart Cherry Juice and can report on their experiences. I 'm looking for some reliable accountings from our peers to either support or refute what I had read. The product is somewhat pricy, but worth it if is effective in treating back pain.  Yes, get another opinion from a retinal specialist. Also get treatment options.  When he visits her make sure they both wear a "hospital" mask.  Ive consistently advised my patients to say away from supplements to treat thyroid problems mainly because many OTC's contain iodine and claim to boost thyroid function. <?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p> Because iodine has medicinal purposes, these treatments can cause harm if handled without knowledge. Thyroid boosters that contain iodine can cause scarring and eventually lead to a loss of thyroid gland function. To be safe, have your healthcare provider review the labeling of the supplement and get your thyroid tested regularly. <o:p></o:p> In iodine sufficient countries, like the U.S. or U.K. salt and bread are supplemented with iodine to help fulfill the RDA. <o:p></o:p>  I like you have suffered from anxiety-panic attacks since childhood.I sought help in my mid twenties and my like is wonderful now. Xanax has a generic version called alprazolam that only costs a couple of dollars a month. Go to a doctor or clinic and explain your condition and get some help.I did therapy and it was rather expensive,so at the very least get some Alprazolam and see if it will make you feel much better.good luck,don't wait.  My question, my little dog has a wart like breakout; to of head, back, leg, with around her buttocks, I just started applying Compound W, will this help?  The diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer is a time of stress and may be difficult for family and friends. Here are some tips for family and friends of someone diagnosed with breast cancer: Feel free to ask the doctor questions if you accompany your loved one to her appointments. Be prepared for changes in your loved one's behavior and mood. Medications, discomforts, and stress can cause her to become depressed, angry, or fatigued. Encourage your loved one to be as active and independent, as possible, to help him or her regain a sense of self-reliance and confidence. Be realistic about your own needs. Be sure you are sleeping enough, eating properly, and taking some time off for yourself. It is hard to offer much help when you are exhausted. If you take care of your needs, it may be easier to meet the needs of your loved one. Don't hesitate to ask other family members and friends for help. They will appreciate the opportunity to help.  Go for a complete check up is she really infertile or not? If she is unable to conceive then she need to adapt Clomild or Clomiphene as it will stimulate your hormones which will help in ovulation. Clomid is usually used to treat infertility in women. It will help you to regulate your ovulation and stimulate the development of multiple eggs for use with assisted reproduction technology like IVF. It elevates a woman's FSH level to the normal. And after such things it make a woman fertile or able to give birth to a healthy child. So, you can really opt for Clomid and if you want to start it early, you may order it from online pharmacies like Meds247online to get at your doorstep.  I've suffered from migraines for years. Medication has helped, but by far the best thing I ever did was go on a gluten-free diet about 4 months ago. Since then, I've had only 1 (one) migraine - hallelujah!  In my expierience it sounds like bi-polar disorder. I am not a doctor but i have alot of expierience. My mother has been diagnosed with bi-polar disorder. She gets really angry over the littlest things. My advice is talk to her gently and encourage her to see her doctor or therapist. They will diagnose what is going on.  ... There are breastmilk banks across the country if you are interested in obtaining breastmilk for your baby. Breastmilk is a bodily fluid and can contain harmful viruses such as hepatitis B/C, HIV, etc. I would not recommend using frozen milk that someone offers you. At least the milk from the milk bank has been screened. Your baby will grow and develop normally whether you use donated milk from the milk bank or formula. The most important thing is for you to follow your doctors' advice and get back on the medications that are so important to your health. Ultimately, taking care of your needs is more important than offering breastmilk to your infant. ...  The first step in encouraging your family to eat more fruit is to talk with them about it and problem solve it together. Tell your family why you want them to get more fruit and ask them whats keeping them from eating more. Itll be important to get your family involved in this process, so here are some ideas:  Take them shopping with you and have them pick out fruits that they would be more likely to eat  Experiment with unique or exotic fruits  who knows what you may end up liking  If you have kids, encourage them to cook and prepare food with you  they may be more inclined to eat healthy food if they were involved in the process.  Find creative ways to incorporate fruit  try making smoothies or to find dessert recipes centered around fruit  Combine fruit with things that theyre already eating like cereal, oatmeal, yogurt, salad, or dessert Remember, you cant expect your family to eat more fruit if its not readily available at home. One of the keys to success will be keeping healthy options like fruits readily accessible while keeping the unhealthy alternatives less available. Given a choice between the two, people often choose the less healthy option, so make it convenient for them by cutting up fruit ahead of time and keep it in plain sight rather than hidden away in a crisper drawer. Making an effort to incorporate fruits with each meal or as part of a snack will go a long way, but it can be important to get them involved in the process. Keep in mind that, depending on their age and gender, the USDA recommends 1 to 2 cups of fruit per day.  You may have to undergo an endoscopy to biopsy your small intestine to confirm that you have Celiac Disease. Typically a blood test may be done first since it can be an indicator and is less invasive, but a biopsy is better at confirming a diagnosis. You may also want to attempt an elimination diet to determine any food allergies, sensitivities, or intolerances that you may have. This type of diet starts out very basic and restrictive but you will gradually start to reintroduce certain foods back into your diet, one at a time, and monitor your bodys response. If you have an allergy or sensitivity, you may notice side effects when you reintroduce different foods. This isnt meant to replace a proper diagnosis, but it can help provide you with an association and causal relationship. Another option might be to keep a food journal and write down your dietary intake each day. You may be able to better identify triggers and notice trends between symptoms and foods consumed by doing so. It may then be worthwhile for you to discuss treatment and management options with other health professionals like another doctor or a registered dietitian.  A medically induced coma is when a patient receives a controlled dose of an anesthetic, typically propofol, pentobarbital or thiopental, to cause a temporary coma or a deep state of unconsciousness. This type of coma is used to protect the brain from swelling by reducing the metabolic rate of brain tissue, as well as the cerebral blood flow. Throughout a medically induced coma, a patients critical life functions are constantly monitored by an anesthesiologist or other physician in a critical care setting only.  Yes, the doctor told her that he wanted to be thorough and since she was so well endowed, he wanted to make sure that he didn't miss anything. I have no problem if he wanted to take 30 minutes with each breast. I have even watched him examine her breasts on two visits. He seems to be very professional and has her get into three different positions. Better safe than sorry.  She goes anywhere from 4-10 times a year. No family history of breast cancer. Christina, you still may be correct in that he is "trying to cop a feel" in that he gives her a breast exam even if she goes in for a sore throat. As I said, I don't mind and she likes the doctor (I am not sure why- maybe because of the breast exams-lol).  If you put beautiful apples out in plain sight, people WILL eat them. One well-known hotel chain found this to be true. My daughter and I stayed at the Marriott in Long Beach, Calif. Every day, the hotel has a basket filled with red apples and another filled with green apples on their front desk. Its a visual cue to eat a crisp, refreshing apple as a snack. All I can say is I saw people (teens especially) eating apples on the elevator and while walking out of the hotel. Apples, apples, everywhere. I personally enjoyed one every single day that we stayed there. I had to ask: Which was more popular  the red or the green? According to the front desk staffer at my hotel, red is the winner but green apples appeal to plenty of people too (myself included). I call it the fruit basket phenomenon. Its the opposite of out of sight, out of mind. If fruit is in view where you work and/or live, youre likely to eat more of it. So if you want to eat more fruit (and lets hope you do), try putting fresh fruit out in plain view at home or at the office.  I'm sorry you're coping with , which is an autoimmune condition that renders the body unable to process gluten (a component of wheat) and causes the body to attack its own small intestine when gluten is consumed. Your doctor did the right thing in advising you to avoid foods that contain gluten. In fact, this is the only treatment for Celiac disease. However, it sounds like you might have been offered more resources and support than you received. You might want to consult a medical provider who specializes in digestive disorders to have your diagnosis confirmed and receive more specific counseling. Because Celiac disease isn't just a digestive disorder but also causes damage to your small intestine, it's important you understand how to manage this disease. A specialist may be able to offer you that type of thorough support. WebMD also offers a great . You might consider checking in there to find the Celiac disease group and start chatting with others who share your condition. Wishing you well!  Great question! Thank you for asking. You don't give the age of the child, but it's worth noting that most people's flatulence (farting) has an odor. Sometimes it's worse than others, and the odor of a person's farts can vary from hour to hour or day by day. Usually, the smell of farts doesn't mean anything bad. Many foods produce gas in the intestines. Different foods can cause smelly farts in some people but not in others. Eggs frequently cause stinky farts in many people, as does broccoli. I wouldn't jump to the conclusion that a child's smelly gas indicates a medical problem. If the child has a good appetite and is eating a balanced diet with no other digestive problems (chronic diarrhea, cramps, bloating), then there's probably nothing wrong. Just because one parent has a family history of digestive problems doesn't mean a child will inherit these. It's worth mentioning this history to the child's pediatrician, who can help you monitor for diseases. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It sounds to me like your loved one does have a problem with alcohol. I base this assessment not on the amount consumed but the fact that he seems to require alcohol consumption every day and also the fact he "sneaks" alcohol and tries to hide his consumption from you. Of course, the fact your family doctor believes your partner has a problem with alcohol is enough evidence for me. Unfortunately, you cannot control what your partner does or how he views his . The only thing you can do is ensure the safety of yourself and your children. I suggest you look into Al-Anon, which is the family group of Alcoholics Anonymous. This group can give you support and guidance in dealing with your loved one's presumed alcoholism. The fact your partner has not physically harmed you is irrelevant. The wide-ranging negative effects of alcoholism on children is well-documented. You should seek treatment in order to equip yourself to help your children. Trust me, they will feel the effects of their father's alcoholism later in life. Again, I'm sorry you're dealing with this. Alcohol abuse is very common in society, but that doesn't mean you have to accept it. You can seek help for yourself and your children. Your partner may or may not choose to seek help at some point. Wishing you all the best.  It sounds like you're saying your friend was removed from life support, and, if so, I'm very sorry for your loss. I'm sure the family did not make the decision to remove the ventilator without a lot of input from the doctors caring for your friend. A family cannot unilaterally decide to withdraw life support. Ultimately, that decision is made mutually between the care team and the loved ones. Regarding pain: You may not be able to "feel" pain if you're unconscious, but pain causes a physical reaction in the body. This is one way we can tell if an unconscious patient is experiencing pain. As you noted, high blood pressure and agitation can be symptoms of pain. I encountered this frequently as a recovery room nurse, when my patients were still asleep after surgery but obviously were experiencing a pain response. To set your mind at ease about the withdrawal of life support, let me just say some brain injuries cannot be overcome. Brain tissue cannot repair itself the way most other body tissues can. For example, you get a cut on your finger and eventually skin cells fill in the gap. It doesn't work like that in the brain (or the heart, for that matter). When brain cells die, they are dead forever. If your friend's doctors felt he was "brain dead," it means he never would have recovered, no matter how much time he was given. Again, I'm sorry for your loss.  As far as I know, there is no relationship between glaucoma and alcohol consumption. Glaucoma is a disease that affects the pressure inside the eyeball. Even though no one in your family has had glaucoma, it doesn't mean you can't get it. Not all diseases are passed through families genetically. That said, excessive alcohol consumption is very bad for you in many other ways. It eventually will kill your liver, and it can contribute to the development of diabetes. If you have a problem with drinking, talk to your doctor. He or she can help you get treatment. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're experiencing this. You need to get it checked out right away. If the antacids aren't reducing the pain, then it may not be caused by heartburn. Angina is caused by a reduction in oxygen delivery to the heart muscle, which causes pain. Do not try to self-diagnose angina. You need to seek professional care as soon as possible. Take care!  If you have ever been told you have an and are experiencing abdominal pain, then you should seek immediate medical treatment. Here are the . If you have sudden, severe abdominal pain (especially if it's a "tearing" sensation in the upper-right quadrant of the abdomen), an extreme drop in blood pressure (as evidenced by dizziness, paleness, and a sudden increase in your heart rate), or sudden confusion and weakness, you should call 911 immediately. Otherwise, call your cardiologist right away and tell them your AAA may be symptomatic. They should get you an appointment quickly. You are right to rule out AAA as soon as possible. I wish you all the best!  You're wise to ask questions like this. I suggest you ask them directly of the medical professional who is treating you. Your questions are legitimate, and you can be assure your physician will give you straight answers. In general, Botox (botulinumtoxin-A) has a good safety track record. To my knowledge, there are no reported instances where it has caused anaphylaxis or has traveled throughout the body (though this has been reported with other botulinumtoxin products). One of your concerns is about having repeated injections. There are two issues to that aspect of your question. First is that no one develops an allergy to a substance on the first exposure. The major symptoms you describe (anaphylaxis, breathing issues) are related to major allergic reactions. If you've had three injections without an allergic response, then you probably don't need to fear an allergic reaction at this point. The other thing about the issue of repeated injections is that Botox only remains active for about 90 days. After three months, the botulinumtoxin has been fully metabolized by the body. So, you're not "adding on" to the amount of Botox in your system. You're "replenishing" it. After the botulinumtoxin exits your system, it no longer works. Unless you get another dose, your lazy eye problem will return. Keep in mind I am not a physician. As I said at the beginning, you should address all of your concerns with the doctor who is treating you with Botox. He or she will welcome your questions. Wishing you well!  The quick answer to your question is: Yes, your family members can take with (oseltamivir), assuming none of them are allergic to the active ingredient in Mucinex, which is guaifenesin. I'm sorry to hear you have influenza raging through your family. That's awful. It's important to note that oseltamivir doesn't exactly "cure" the flu. In fact, in studies it only shortened the course of symptoms by about one day. So, your family members should not necessarily expect to feel better quickly when taking oseltamivir. That said, they shouldn't stop taking the medication just because it doesn't seem effective yet. They should take the whole course of oseltamivir, which is usually given as one pill twice a day for five days. Meanwhile, they should be OK to use other remedies, such as acetaminophen (Tylenol), ibuprofen (Motrin) or over-the-counter cough and cold remedies to help them weather the symptoms of flu. Read labels carefully so you don't get overlapping drugs in various products. For example, don't mix two cough-and-cold remedies that both contain acetaminophen. That's dangerous. And don't overlook old-fashioned chicken soup, plenty of fluids, and bed rest. Sometimes that's the only way to get over the flu. If symptoms persist (especially fever and congestion) for more than five days, it's probably a good idea to check back with the doctor. If any adult spikes a high fever (over 101F), that's a good reason to take a trip to the emergency room. Next year: Flu shots for everyone?? Prevention is always your best approach. Wishing you well!  If you feel you may be hypothyroid, it wouldn't be a bad idea to get checked out. If you do have , you should be treated for it. Breast tenderness generally isn't considered a symptom of hypothyroidism, but it can be a symptom of other hormonal changes or imbalances. Some women complain of breast tenderness during perimenopause or , and they also discover they are hypothyroid at that time. So, it can appear as if the hypothyroidism and tender breasts are linked, when they aren't, necessarily, in a clinical sense. Your best bet is to make an appointment for an evaluation by a health care provider, particularly since you said you have a lump on or near your thyroid gland. Hypothyroidism can be treated, and the sooner you catch it, the better. Best to you!  I'm sorry to hear you have arthritis. It's certainly a very common ailment. I guess I'm going to assume you're referring to , which is the wear-and-tear disease that makes the joints hurt. This type of arthritis frequently comes on as we get older. Just to be clear, there's another type of arthritis called that is an autoimmune disease. But based on your question, I'm thinking you're referring to plain old arthritis that hurts worse when the weather gets colder. If that's the case, moving from Connecticut to Virginia probably won't help. While it's true coldness can make the pain of osteoarthritis feel worse, Virginia probably isn't sufficiently warmer than Connecticut in the winter to make much of a difference. Now, if you were talking about becoming a snowbird and flying down to Florida to spend your winters, then I'd probably say that's a fine idea. It's also important to take into consideration where your support system resides. When your arthritis symptoms become so severe you need help with daily or periodic tasks, you need to be living where your family and friends are close enough to help you. If that's in New England, then that's probably not a bad place for you to stay. I hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this, and it's good of you to be concerned for the health and safety of others in your household. Yes, as you know, handwashing is key to preventing the spread of . Equally important is knowing to wash. Always wash: After you've gone to the bathroom Before you prepare any foods (even if it's only for your own consumption) Use proper handwashing technique, which consists of: Start warm water running Get your hands wet Apply antibacterial soap Work up a good lather, all the way to your wrist Rinse thoroughly (this is absolutely key ) Dry thoroughly Hold a towel or paper towel to turn off the water faucet Also, everyone in your household should be performing frequent handwashing, not just you. Other ways to help protect your family members: If possible, don't prepare any food for the others in your household. Don't share utensils (spoon, fork), towels, toothbrushes, the TV remote control, or anything you touch without disinfecting it first. Keep food preparation areas as clean as possible. You can use disinfecting wipes from the store to keep surfaces germ-free. Best of luck to you!  In cases where individuals have been taking Xanax for a prolong period of time, stopping the abuse can be challenging. Withdrawal symptoms usually begin within a few hours of the last time the drug was used and can also be extremely painful. Trying to quit on your own can be dangerous and most often users will return to drug abuse just to get relief from the withdrawal symptoms. Withdrawal symptoms may include: difficulty concentrating, uncontrollable shaking, impaired vision, sensitivity to light and noise, irritability, depression, insomnia, sweating and seizures. While quitting cold turkey is possible, most doctors advise tapering off the medication or when to seek professional detox assistance. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or method of detox, please call us at 855-338-6929.  I am sorry to hear that your family is struggling through this difficult situation. It is hard to watch a loved one struggle with heroin addiction, but overcoming it is possible. Trying to stop Heroin abuse takes willpower and resolve and for most people it requires medical detox treatment. Once the individual has made up their mind to quit Heroin use, one of the biggest hurdles to get over is making it past the withdrawal symptoms. Some individuals find help quitting Heroin abuse through an outpatient medical detox program; however most people are more successful when they seek heroin detox through an inpatient medical detox program - where they can receive around-the-clock care and counseling. Once detox is successfully completed, following up detox with rehab, behavioral therapy or participating in a community support group can help ensure successful long-term recovery. Something to consider... sometimes an intervention is necessary if the individual does not realize the effects their heroin abuse is having on themselves and their loved ones. An intervention may be held in a formal or informal setting and most often consists of family and friends gathered together to confront the individual. Interventions should not be accusatory or aggressively confrontational, but should be calm, caring, but direct. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Good and Heart Touching Question You need a proper Counselling for that read my article, which is all about you, Follow the link  Oxybutynin is a medication used for overactive bladder and urinary tract spasms. It is not in the same class or family as diazepam (benzodiazepine class). They work differently and have different indications.  I would say it is up to the individual family for the most part. However, since you are going to move the baby into his own room at some point my opinion is to do it now. If you wait much longer he may become attached to being in your room and have problems getting to sleep or staying asleep when moved out of your room. You may find that you and your baby actually sleep better when in your own rooms too! Your movements and sounds during the night may be disturbing him and most likely you hear every little sigh, cough, etc. that he makes too, which keeps you from getting restful sleep, which you desperately need with an 11 month old! :0) Good luck with your transition, whenever you choose to make it!  And just FYI. I know this probablt sounds really stupid, but I am asking this in all seriousnes..  It's called an STD for a reason, hon. If all it took to get was touching the same object, then we would all have it and it would be a non-topic by now. The virus doesn't live very long away from the body. That is to say that technically the surface of your skin is"outside" of your body, but contact with the infected area of your skin can spread it. Always wash your hands and try not to let anyone come into contact with the area of infection if at all avoidable. The germ killing properties inherent in soap will stop the virus then and there. I definitely wouldn't share the same wash cloth, but that's more of a general hygiene rule, anyway.  well you can find out these answer with your local CENSUS and it will give you the info you seek  Herpes simplex type 1, which is transmitted through oral secretions or sores on the skin, can be spread through kissing or sharing objects such as toothbrushes or eating utensils. In general, a person can only get herpes type 2 infection during sexual contact with someone who has a genital HSV-2 infection. It is important to know that both HSV-1 and HSV-2 can be spread even if sores are not present. Pregnant women with genital herpes should talk to their doctor as genital herpes can be passed on to the baby during childbirth. -via WebMD :)  Absolutely, and thats the great news. Im a parent of two 20-somethings, both of whom left college on graduation and did not go into jobs that had health insurance. And we were lucky because our kids were healthy, we could find some coverage in the open market, but we didnt have this great choice available. So every health plan, starting after September 23, will have coverage available to young adults up to age 26 to stay on their family plan. The only exception is if your young adult child has coverage offered in his or her workplace and then its assumed that they will have that coverage available. But absent that, this is an option for families to look at. Its a very affordable option. Lots of those kids would age out of the plan or once they finish school, would have to leave the plan and that no longer will be the case. And its very good news for a lot of parents and certainly a lot of young adults that they can come back onto the family policy.  I think, this is a great question. One of the things we learned after Hurricane Katrina is that a lot of people didn't have emergency kits available at home. Some things I would definitely recommend include a bottle of hydrogen peroxide; to help clean out any type of wounds. Maybe a triple antibiotic ointment to apply on the wounds after you have actually treated it, band aids, gauze pads, rolled gauze, so you can keep the gauze pad in place, a flashlight, extra batteries, a weather radio. Some type of fever reducer like Tylenol or acetaminophen. Maybe a Motrin type of product as well. Some Imodium or Pepto-Bismol is another item that you may want to include in there, along with some plastic latex gloves just in case something happens and you need to protect yourself. Those are some of the common items that are found in the emergency kits that are available on the stores today. I would definitely recommend checking the expiration dates. Once a year you should always go through that emergency kit, as well as your medicine cabinet, and check the expiration dates; if anything has expired, you want to make sure that you dispose of it properly. In this case, we want to make sure that people use the correct method. You want to get a Ziploc bag, and you want to take the medications and put it into the Ziploc bag. You want to take a little bit of water and you want to help it dissolve, or you can crush it with like a pot or a hammer. Then you want to take something that will make it not very appealing, like kitty litter or coffee grinds. Put that into the Ziploc bag, seal it up, and put it in the trash. That's the best way. We don't want people to flush medications anymore, this is the preferred way now to dispose of medications. But that's a good rule of thumb each year to do.  You should monitor other family members for the signs of the flu but that does not mean that the rest of the family should stay home if they are not sick. Make sure that you wash your hands frequently and cover your nose and mouth when coughing or sneezing to help reduce transmission of the virus.  There are several conditions that can cause unintentional weight loss in a young person. Some of the common possible causes include hyperthyroidism (overactive thyroid gland), diabetes, or a problem with absorption of nutrients and vitamins in your digestive tract. Depression and anxiety can sometimes lead to weight loss. Some infections can lead to weight loss. Certain medications can have a side effect of weight loss. Cancer can sometimes cause unintentional weight loss. Cancer occurs more commonly in older people, and is a less common cause of weight loss in young people. It would be best for you to see a doctor who can do a medical evaluation to help determine the reason for your weight loss.  Hi, I would speak to my dr about the side effect of RLS and anti depressants. It could be possible. Try a daily dose of folic acid for your RLS, that does work. Also, see if you can get your hubby to massage your legs and feet before bed time. Hope this helps!  I'm curious from this whether you are sure that you want out. So, if you have any doubts, now is the time to fully consider them. However, if you are sure, then I think you know that you need to tell her. I'm also guessing that you are desperate for a way to not hurt her. However, as IslandL said, there is no way to do this-- she's going to feel hurt (unless, she secretly really wants out, too; but from what you write, I doubt that). Separating your lives is a big "project," and like any big project, it's best to have a general plan, but then focus on one step at a time. Some of the major "steps" seem to be: talking with her and working through the emotions of the situation, separating personal items, figuring out a way to divide up shared things, and finding a way to earn more money or live on the money you already have coming in. I think of it this way: Always keep one eye on where you want to go and the other on each step along the way. This is all advice that you might already know. I think the really hard part is living through it. You need to take a deep breath, and to reach inside to find the courage to do this. And, I also suggest that you find and accept support where you can.    Dental coverage is one of the essential health benefits that must be made available to children in new health plans. It's not a guaranteed benefit for adults. Often, you must buy a separate dental plan for your kids when signing up for medical insurance.  The Affordable Care Act is designed to increase Americans' access to health benefits, not strip them of any existing rights or make decisions for families without their consent.  People with work-based insurance that's considered affordable under the law won't qualify for subsidies if they, instead of taking their employer's coverage, buy a policy through the exchange, but that doesn't apply to Medicaid.  Unfortunately, people with low incomes living in states that chose not to expand their Medicaid programs, like Florida, are often left without good coverage options, just as they were before the Affordable Care Act became law.  It sounds as though you might qualify for Medi-Cal, California's Medicaid program. If you're not already enrolled, I would recommend you contact the California Department of Health Care Services. You can talk with someone who can help you with the application, and assist you in sorting through your various options.  I am not a grief counselor but just showing you are there for him and supportive is important. I would not force things on him, since that might force his hand and make more despondent. Patience, love and understanding are the keys. You might want to seek the advice of a grief counselor or even someone that specializes in depression.  Could it be allergies?  By shots I assume you mean insulin. The key to bringing down your blood sugar is to track your carbohydrates, since they are what raise blood sugar. Foods rich in carbohydrates include, bread/grains, beans, fruit, milk and yogurt and added sugars such as those in sweet foods and beverages.  The effects of suicidal behavior or completed suicide on friends and family members are often devastating. Individuals who lose a loved one to suicide (suicide survivors) are more at risk for becoming preoccupied with the reason for the suicide while wanting to deny or hide the cause of death, wondering if they could have prevented it, feeling blamed for the problems that preceded the suicide, feeling rejected by their loved one, and stigmatized by others. Survivors may experience a great range of conflicting emotions about the deceased, feeling everything from intense emotional pain and sadness about the loss, helpless to prevent it, longing for the person they lost, and anger at the deceased for taking their own life to relief if the suicide took place after years of physical or mental illness in their loved one. This is quite understandable given that the person they are grieving is at the same time the victim and the perpetrator of the fatal act. Individuals left behind by the suicide of a loved one tend to experience complicated grief in reaction to that loss. Symptoms of grief that may be experienced by suicide survivors include intense emotion and longings for the deceased, severely intrusive thoughts about the lost loved one, extreme feelings of isolation and emptiness, avoiding doing things that bring back memories of the departed, new or worsened sleeping problems, and having no interest in activities that the sufferer used to enjoy.  No it is not.  A standard miscarriage no matter blood type is very painful, and bloody. I had a miscarriage, and it was excruciating. I also with 2 normal full term pregnancys had spotting for sometimes days at a time evertime my husband and I had sex. We were very nervous the first few times. The best thing that you can do with this pregnancy and any others you may have, is to keep close contact with your docs office. Get a good O/B, and follow up regularly. If you have the RH blood type, they will immediatly begin medical attn on that, and will require a difference in the routine check ups. Good Luck, and take care of yourself, and that little person growing in you.  i had the same thing happen to me while pregnant. my daughter is 1 now and perfectly healthy. you have to remember your body is sensitive now since you are pregnant. sex will make you bleed some times. you may even cramp. as long as it is light spotting or just a little blood you will be fine. when to worry would be heavy bleeding, no movement, and pain so bad you cant stand upright. i promise you will be ok :)  by the way i am RH negative also. you will get a shot soon to protect you and the baby  Hi If you a fan of natural things the give this site a good read, you nay find something interesting. http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/hair-loss-alopecia-women.html Just copy link into google to open and read. Look if you cant find help, theres always having what hair you have cut very short, .a wig, but a good one, or two or three, then every so often you can change who you are But your, family history of CVA, I take it you mean stroke risk? google this stroke risk and bc, there are some lower dose pills these may help you, but please read and see what you think. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The answer to your question is yes they can, below your find a link packed with even more info, I think it would be a very good idea to read, or if you have the time a video to watch. Hope you find all the help you want. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, First find a doctor who wants to take you on, and sit down and discuss things over with him, can see why the mammogram and the pap smear, for your menopause you would need a blood test to see how you hormones are doing, and why there doing that have a complete blood test done. But how would you know you need a colonoscopy? Just see what the doctor says. Good Luck  Hi was this a good ER, if you can get to try that, from there you should be sent on or treated. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Well somebody's honest for once, you just need to retrain him, he has to start eating what your eating, he needs to start eating with you, put away his little table, it has to go. When you can you need to get eating out amongst people, try good old Macdonald's, or Pizza hut, get on tables with other people, get friends around at meal times, all these things will help him socialise while eating. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK from what I can see, ADHA is her problem yes that's why she is on the drug, could be that she has grown out of it. But ADHA in young women can give her sexual drive due to her hormones kicking in. Have a read down this link, it could help you understand her problems. The Link, http://www.addvance.com/help/women/high_school.html Just copy into google to open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, For one I cant think how somebody would want to be, say, sad and depressed , it goes against the grain. So instead of going to the drug cabinet try this, just google natural ways out of depression, lots of ways but just pick one way to go don't mix them up, there even medication, at least this wont fog you brain into making you feel good. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Beachbaby, Our peers are not really tuned into natural products, not like my UK doctors they have taken the herbal ways to heart, and see there is a need for both meds and herbs. You just need to keep doing research for your own good. But I use herbs, supplements and a hormone for my way out of ED, which according to WebMD don't work, works for me, so one of us is wrong? Just keep searching. Good Luck  Hi Linda, Below is a couple of links, these may help to work out before you go for tests, try not forgetting that getting pregnant is all down to timing, and for this you need to understand your cycle, just in case you do not understand your cycle then try this link its pretty simple to understand. http://www.nhs.uk/Livewell/menstrualcycle/Pages/Whatisthemenstrualcycle.aspx http://infertility.about.com/od/tryingtoconceive101/a/symptomsrisks.htm Just copy these two links into google to open and read, but one at a time. http://www.webmd.com/infertility-and-reproduction/guide/female-infertility This link will just open. Do hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi It can happen, our son was the only one to get flea bites, out of 5 of us, its you body make up, even in a big family, there always one. Just remember our body all different, even in families, but you will need to do some treatment to all the beds, have a look on www.earthclinic.com you should find thing to clear the bugs and help for you as well. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Sounds more like a lymph gland, than cancer. Just go see your doctor. Good Luck  Hi, One thing to do is look further back in your family history, old photos will help, but if really gone and thinned out, I would say there is not much chance of it coming back, so you will have to be like me, get yourself a hair trimmer and keep it short, and if it get really thin on top just shave it, it will look a lot better that way. Saves trying to comb it over from one side to the other, the only problem there is when the wind blows, it flaps, looks like your heads waving good bye. Good Luck  Hi, Yes you do have a problem, BP meds are a sex killers, statins for high cholesterol are sex killers, and with and poor erections yet you would have performance anxiety, would also be a sex killer. There are things on the natural side that could help, I 'm a great lover of Cayenne Pepper, taken daily is very good for your blood, its cleans all the plaque away which helps to bring down you cholesterol now add into that Turmeric and you are beginning to cook away some of your problems. Have a read of this site WWW.spacedoc.com packed with info and why you should not be on statins, the guy who runs it was an astronaut and he is a doctor, so its not a joke site. OK I do take CP and Turmeric daily for ED I mix in a 6oz jar in equal parts CP and Turmeric into olive oil and mix with tomato paste, you do this to a heat that suits you, at first and slowly you can build up the heat, as you mix this you can add more olive oil, remembering that the olive oil is very good for you. Take 3 teaspoons of this first thing every morning, as you just going on it you can take this 3 times a day, for 2 week then twice a day for 2 weeks, by then you should be getting your numbers down, then just do the first thing in the morning way. Google natural ways out of HBP, your find lots of help, just chose away and stick with it. When you start getting some good erections going, a good way to tell is when you start getting nocturnal erections and morning woods, then you will know things are getting better, When this happens your performance anxiety should go away, another problem out of the way. Other things you could try are DHEA, Tribulus, L-Arginine and L-carnitine, these you can take a long with the CP and Turmeric. OK Some links for info. http://www.cayennepepper.info/health-benefits-of-cayenne-pepper.html http://www.livestrong.com/article/538213-can-cayenne-pepper-unclog-arteries/ http://turmericsgold.com/conditions/curcumin-for-high-cholesterol-and-high-triglycerides/ http://www.livestrong.com/article/112941-side-effects-turmeric-curcumin/ Just copy one at a time into google to the www. to open and read. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Your question is a very good one, but do think this would best discussed with an obstetrician its more there field. Good Luck  Hi Your question is a very good one, but do think this would best discussed with an obstetrician its more there field. Good Luck  Hi This just may be down to your drugs, suggest you google this, bipolar drug ---------- side effects forgetfulness, put your drug name in the blank area, and see what comes up. You may find your problem there. Good Luck  Hi Just google Herbalife side effects, your get the same answers as we can tell you, have a read of any other info you can see as well. Good Luck PS if she really wants to use herbs as a way of life, just go to www.earthclinic.com she should find all the help she needs, for each of the things that she thinks she needs to be taken, may be a lot cheaper than buying company products.  Hi, OK there is an alzheimers test you can do, just googkle alzheimers test puzzle, you will find lots of tests to do. And you can also google alheimers treatments, more info to look at, there are some meds that may put a hold on it, but they say there is no cure, sorry. But do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Then you need to be at your doctors if you have one, if not then get to an ER, ASAP Good Luck PS Perhaps now would be the good time to kick the alcohol for good, its sending you a message.  Hi Then you need to be at your doctors if you have one, if not then get to an ER, ASAP Good Luck PS Perhaps now would be the good time to kick the alcohol for good, its sending you a message.  Hi Well they say they do, but this would only be floating dander, any thing on the carpets or furniture that would stay there, is the clean air thing that you are looking for? If so see if you can do a test with on, then you would know for sure. Good Luck  Hi, Perhaps as a very young child the TV was always on with American films and TV shows, if that was the case then you would have picked it up, believe me its that simple. We have friends out here in Greece, the daughter has never been to Canada but speaks with a Canadian accent, its from her mother. And that's how its done. Good Luck  Hi Beachbaby, not used this or know anybody who has but earthclinic does throw up some good answers http://www.earthclinic.com/supplements/noni2.html This link come from this. Oct 27, 2014 ... ... Weakness and Lower Back Pain , GERD for Noni Juice remedies. ... blueberry or black cherry (organic) juice and it has a very nice taste. Just copy the link into google to the www. To open and read. Hope it helps with the info your looking for. Good Luck  Hi and welcome to the world of male patient baldness, that's it wave goodbye, and perhaps even cry a little. Now's the time you think of two things, you can either move your parting down to just above you ear, and comb it all over the top, but I do think when you see these guys they do look a bit sad, or just do the manly thing and have your hair cut short. You could try some of these sprays, and spray it back in. But one last thing, it wont grow back, sorry. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See if you can get a scan done just before Christmas, then you can show them, will that help as an answer? Good Luck  Hi That's how we all get after flu, just treat her cough with a cough medicine which should sort out her throat as well, and slowly her appetite will come back, when that happens her strength will come back as well, and she will feel a better, so cant see why you need a doctor? Good Luck  Hi If you know anything about aspirin I would not give a handful, but you can get a high dose, which is the one people carry in the event of a heart attack, you just slip it under the tongue, it helps till you can get to a hospital, does this help you. But not a handful. Good Luck 300mg is the size of the aspirin.  Hi The only reference I can find is about skin getting thin near death. The only other thing I can think of, it must just be a local phrase, to when somebody is dying. Good Luck  Hi This piece of info may help you. Prognosis and Possible Complications Most people with mono recover fully, and can return to school or work in a few weeks. A small number of people may experience fatigue for several months. Severe complications are uncommon. They may include anemia, problems with the central nervous system or liver, rupture of the spleen, or inflammation of the heart. People who have had mononucleosis are at incresed risk of developing multiple sclerosis This is from, http://pennstatehershey.adam.com/content.aspx?productId=107&pid=33&gid=000109 If you need more info just copy this link into google to open and read. Hope its what you want. Good Luck  Hi Heres a couple of links these should cover most of what you want to know. http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/gestational-diabetes/Pages/Introduction.aspx http://www.diabetes.org/diabetes-basics/gestational/what-is-gestational-diabetes.html Just copy each link one at a time into google to open and read Hope its what you want. Good Luck  Hi Found you this, it may help answer your question. Thrombocytopenia is the term for a reduced platelet (thrombocyte) count. The normal level is 140  400 x 10 (9) / l, but minor fluctuation is common and investigation is not usually necessary if the count is above 100 x 10 (9) /l and the patient has no symptoms. It happens when platelets are lost from the circulation faster than they can be replaced from the bone marrow where they are made. Read more: http://www.netdoctor.co.uk/diseases/facts/thrombocytopenia.htm#ixzz3G3Dk42aB Follow us: @NetDoctor on Twitter | NetDoctorUK on Facebook Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK the best drug is you, and only you, I'm not going to preach to you, that's not my way. For one you need to think logically, for one you have got this far by asking for help, your first place to go would be AA, go and tell them, that you want to quit. But as your sitting at your computer reading this, why not google how to quit drinking, one thing your find is this, http://www.wikihow.com/Quit-Drinking-Alcohol, it looks quit a logic way to go. Please stay strong. you have got this far. Good Luck  Hi Have you done any reading up about short periods? They do say that they can be normal, but also that they could be a warning that something is wrong. I think you best bet would be to make an appointment with an gyno, and see what he/she can make out to just what your problem can be, has you husband had a sperm test as well. You should not just think its your problem if your husband has lazy sperm or no sperm. Just because cant get pregnant, does not mean its your problem alone. Good Luck  Hi If your addicted to Benzodiazines. This is from WWW.Patient.co.uk Definition of Dependence (DSM-IV) (Presence of three or more features, for a year or more) Tolerance: a need for markedly increased amounts of the substance to achieve intoxication or desired effect or markedly diminished effect with continued use of the same amount of the substance. Withdrawal: the characteristic withdrawal syndrome for the substance or the same (or a closely related) substance is taken to relieve or avoid withdrawal symptoms. The substance is often taken in larger amounts or over a longer period than was intended. There is a persistent desire or unsuccessful efforts to cut down or control substance abuse. A great deal of time is spent in activities necessary to obtain the substance, use the substance or recover from its effects. Important social, occupational or recreational activities are given up or reduced because of substance use. The substance use is continued despite knowledge of having a persistent or recurrent physical or psychological problem that is likely to have been caused or exacerbated by the substance. Following advice from the Committee on Safety of Medicines (CSM) in 1988,[ 3 ] the overall prescribing of benzodiazepines has markedly reduced.[ 4 ][ 5 ] A study from Kings College London showed that, within this figure, their use as hypnotics has reduced but their use as anxiolytics has increased.[ 6 ] Recreational use of benzodiazepines is also an increasing problem. In 2010, they represented 1% of drugs used as adjuncts to drugs of primary dependence such as cocaine in the UK.[ 4 ] The problem is in the end they will both kill you. So I would see your doctor and seek help to come off them, now that could be the frightening part for you, unless this is not what your looking for, but would be best. Good Luck  Hi For me you sound depressed, but I think its for you to kick your self in the pants and get out of it. But google natural ways out of depression, but just stick to one thing don't try mixing them up, and there's also meditation that may help. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi So if you think you have some kind of cancer, the only way you will ever find it, is through you doctor and not here. You need to get your doctor to set up tests for you, with a cancer unit. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So do you take statins for your high cholesterol, as most people are given that drug. On the other side of the coin, you could try a mix of Parsley and garlic, and cayenne pepper is very good for cholesterol problems. Try this link, http://www.charmainejohnson.com/the-benefits-of-parsley/ I take a mix of parsley and garlic in olive oil, just fine chop a whole head of garlic, place in a jar, add a good amount of olive oil, mix in 2 heaped desert spoondful's of dried parsley, mix a heaped teaspoonful in the below. try this link, http://www.cayennepepper.info/health-benefits-of-cayenne-pepper.html I mix cayenne pepper in tomato paste, and thin with olive oil, when you fort start to take this, mix to a heat that suits you, and slowly you can build up the heat, I take this first thing every morning with a teaspoon of the garlic mix added just to the top, mix it in just the top, take 3 teaspoons every morning, wash each one down with water, this will help clean your blood and help with your cholesterol. One last thing both of these will help with your erections. Good Luck  Hi, If your not happy change doctors, if your in the US not sure how you go about reporting miss conduct, if that's what your saying, it could be that he's just being thorough? Good Luck  Hi As you have not said which BC you were on, it makes it hard, if it was depo shot and depending how long you were on it could be up to 2 years, with BC pills could be 6 to 9 months. One thing to keep in mind is how long you were on it, what ever you were on just google the side effects, and also how long to get pregnant. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I would go seek a paediatricians help first, before you go stuffing vitamins down his throat. You need to be very inventive when feeding a child, if they love one food, you just need to add things to it, or tell them that's what there eating, kid a kid. But they will do this, your be surprized how well they do, do on not eating such a big variety. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi first you have to think twins can pop up at anytime with any pregnancy, so with your husbands background it could happen, but then as said it could happen without his background. But I think you find it should they do say its skips a generation, so toss a coin time. Good Luck  Hi, Prolonged drug use can affect egg production and maturation affecting fertility levels. The chances of successful pregnancy depend on many factors (ovarian, uterine, hormonal, stress etc). You should consider getting a complete infertility work-up done for partner to see if there are any underlying causes for the infertility/inability to conceive. Do Hope this helps both of you. Good Luck  As a red-blooded adult who has lost and gained 30 over 4 times and has struggles his whole life with weight problems I can see where you are coming from. I am not sure if I can help you. but I can tell you is the story of how I lost and kept off 50 pounds. What I did that really helped my out was going to a doctor and asking him how many calories I should be eating a day with moderate exorcise (walking 3 miles). The doctor placed me at around 1400-2000 calories. On average I consumed over 1350 calories a day. NONE of those calories came from junk food, I completely cut that out of my life. In the mornings I would grab my dog and go for a brisk or casual walk around my local nature trail. After I got come I would drink as much water as i wanted (water helps a lot when losing weight). Believe it or not the most helpful thing i did when losing weight was eating right (no junk food) and moderate exorcise. If every healthy person followed this healthy life style, they WILL lose weight. No exceptions. Period. There are no excuses for a healthy person to not be losing weight. I hope you the best of luck!  Make sure your not taking any pain medicine because that will make it worse. Enema. Look up natural teas because because you will find some really works well.  I would not think that is cause for worry. Just mean's your not feeling that well. If it get's up to 101. Well??? If you want to drop it right way go make a warm to cool bath. Not just cold water. Soak for twenty minute's.    Anxiety is a terrible thing. It can make you feel like you are going to go off the deep end. There are meds out there that a not addiction and that will most likely help you. If you have had it this long, maybe it is time to start taking something. Research the meds out there and go see your doctor to let him help you. Don't lose anymore days of your life to this and good luck.  Hi! I am as we'll hypoglycemic but not diabetic. Have you been diagnosed as diabetic? I to in the mornings crave sugar because my sugar gets so low while sleeping. Sugary protects not the healthiest but there are several healthy foods that could make you feel better! Fiber bars, protein bars. There healthy but will give you the energy you need.  Per the question below, the doctor took a nasal swab; the result said I had influenza type A.  Virtually all viruses are contagious ... if you are susceptible. Adults tend to carry a certain level of immunity to many viruses (and there are hundreds of them), so exposure does not necessarily mean you will catch it ... or even have the same viral response. Respiratory viruses are usually contagious a day before you know you are sick and for two days afterward. Since I do not know the bug that has plagued your other family members, I can't address your issue specifically, but time with family is important ... and sometimes, you just have to take a chance. We all take chances going out the grocery store or restaurants, but we go anyway.  Your advice should come from BOTH your OB/GYN and a psychiatrist. If you are very lucky, you may find a clinician who is highly skilled in both areas. Some medications may need adjusted, stopped, or changed during a pregnancy, so this will need to be done under professional care.  No. Neomycin is unrelated to penicillin.  The best birth control would be the one you (and your partner) will use consistently. Yes, Depo Provera and even birth control pills have side-effects. Only condoms and abstinence are side-effect free. If you don't think you would be consistent with taking a pill, you may not be a candidate for a diaphragm either which requires a vaginal insertion before sex. A NuvaRing also requires vaginal insertion, too, but only once a month. You may want to investigate Implanon / Nexplanon; a progesterone-only implant that is good for three years. This, too, may have side effects, so you will have to see what the best fit would be. I agree that an IUD may not be a good choice for someone who has not ever been pregnant. A visit to your medical provider or Planned Parenthood would be wise to discuss these and other methods.  It is unlikely that neither one would feel comfortable treating this problem. You may need to see an ENT specialist, but it is okay to consult with your family practitioner or dentist to be sure.  Yes.  Not knowing anything about you, your medical history, state of health, nutritional habits, etc., it would be impossible for me to guess the reason(s) you may be losing hair, but I can tell you that hair occurs in two stages: active growing and the resting stage. Hair in the resting state tends to break off. Like other mammals, we tend to shed certain times of the year. See a dermatologist for a first-hand evaluation and a patient-specific answer.  Not hormonal, but it could be just a psychological desire to have a family of your own. I agree that having a baby at 18 is premature, especially if you have not completed your education. You will have plenty of time for a family later....AFTER you have the "infrastructure", like a good, supportive husband who is working - a stable relationshio, a home to raise the baby, and a career that is compatible to spending quality time with a baby. Even little girls want babies...this is why they play with dolls, so your feelings are normal. A wise young woman will have the wisdom to wait.  Make sure that your blood test for HCG (pregnancy test) is the most accurate of the tests, and make an appointment with your OB/GYN for an examination. In need be, you can have an ultrasound. Sometimes, a woman wants to be pregnant so desperately that many of the symptoms are created by their anxious mind. It is not uncommon to have a false pregnancy in these situations, but before that is determined to be the answer, all diagnostic tests must be exhausted....and repeated.  Most sprained ankles improve in about two weeks (80%), so you should stay off of your ankle (crutches are best), use the air cast, and take some ibuprofen for the swelling. Elevating you leg as well as ice compresses also help. The number 845.00 is just the ICD code for the diagnosis of a sprained ankle that is used for insurance billing. The medical provider who saw you is the one that should have addressed these questions. Unfortunately, since I can't examine your ankle, there is really little that I can do over the Internet to determine how bad your sprain might be.  Find a new PCP and talk directly with the medical director of your insurance company or the medical group. I don't know your age, but your family history certainly justifies a higher level of cancer detection.  Simple exposure does not mean that you can spread a disease. You actually have to have chicken pox (or shingles) in order to be contagious.  I am sure you can find information on the Internet regarding air quality and the cities that are considered the cleanest. Clearly, breathing in automobile fumes is not good for any human, especially newborns, so consider smaller communities...not big cities. Clean, fresh, pollutant-free air is always the best. You are more likely to find this in the country and rural areas.  Biofeedback for hormonal imbalance??? Never heard of it. Sounds a little strange to me. There is no way that anyone will know that you are taking birth control pills unless you choose to tell them, or they drop out of your purse and someone sees them. Whatever odd biofeedback test for hormonal imbalance that you are having is unlikely to reveal that you (or anyone else) is taking oral contraceptives.  No. Minocycline taken for acne will not change your basal body temperature.  No....it is a different family. Not penicillin.  Well, they have to find it. It shouldn't be difficult to locate if it is still there and not atrophied. An ultrasound should be able to easily locate a migratory testicle that decided to retreat back up the inguinal canal again for some crazy reason. If it is there, it may need to be surgically anchored back into the scrotum where is supposed to live for the rest of its life. A testicle left in the abdominal cavity will not likely form sperm so your son's fertility will be reduced. Children get very anxious during testicular exams and have very strong, Cremisteric reflexes (will temporarily pull a nervous testicle out of the scrotum and up into the abdomen), so consider having Dad check it again when he is more relaxed at home. Having him sit cross-legged may help pull it down or having him sit in a hot bathtub for a while may encourage this testicle to go South again. It can sometimes be felt in the groin if you know where the inguinal canal is, but this is more in the realm of the medical provider. So, start the hunt at home, but see a pediatric urologist if you can find it.  Prostate cancer can be one of the slower progressive cancers. Depending on the age and health status of this family member, the doctor may feel that aggressive therapy (surgery, radiation, etc.) may not be appropriate at this time and wants to have some watchful waiting. Since I don't know the details of his case, it is difficult guess at the reasons. There is absolutely no reason not to have a consultation from an oncologist, or have a second opinion from another urologist when it comes to these management decisions. Doctors are like chefs. They all "cook" a bit differently, so having some additional, expert opinions can be helpful. One of my best friends was diagnosed with prostate cancer two weeks ago, had a complete prostatectomy this week because of his profound cancer fear, only to find out that (a) his cancer wasn't as bad as they thought, and (b) a complete prostatectomy was probably not needed. Had he had waited a bit longer, had another opinion, and did his own research, he may not have jumped right to the operating room.  I don't think that anyone knows for sure at this point. Pancreatic cancer has been around a long time before Lipitor, and most people who have pancreatic cancer have never used it. Keep abreast of any new information that may surface on the MEDICAL SITES, but an "association" is not necessarily a "cause". You could easily make an association that people who eat at a certain fast food chain have a higher level of a disease than someone who doesn't, or that a large percentage of people who have a type of cancer had driven a car prior to the diagnosis. These are "associations". If any definitive studies are found with a causative relationship, any suspect drug is immediately pulled from the market.  You will need to ask your mother's doctor or the hospital since I do not know what KIND of pneumonia she has.  No....that is not a definitive sign. Although a single transverse crease does appear with Down Syndrome, it is not the only sign of this genetic disorder, nor does it mean that you are prone to have a child with Down Syndrome.  If you test was acccurate, you were exposed in the past by someone. Unfortunately, it is not possible to know who or when this might have occured. Once you have genital herpes, it can go dormant....suppressed by your immune system. As we age, that immune system can become weaker and the herpes virus can reactivate again. Herpes exposure could have occured anytime in your life; even more than 25 years ago. There are medications to help limit these outbreaks, should this happen again, so please discuss this with your doctor.  Since influenza (assuming this is what he had) only lasts about a week with the worst symptoms the first few days, she has exceeded this time. She should be examined for a secondary infection at this point.  Absolutely...start with the family doctor. This could be a simple, easily-identified problem like an anal fissure or hemorrhoid (causes bright red blood or blood streaking on the toilet tissue), but one needs to rule out polyps and other causes. The doctor may recommend seeing a gastroenterologist for a further work-up. Make sure he gets care. Men are notorious for being very stubborn about medical visits....especially those that may involve areas where the sun does not shine, if you know what I mean.  Every person is different. The flu shot is not 100% protective -- many of my patients who got the flu vaccine this year, developed a mutating strain of the flu. And, influenza is often misdiagnosed, so did you have a lab test to PROVE you have influenza?  I do not know anything about you or your medical history, but based solely on the brief information in your question, I would say that worsening pain....and an enlarged spleen would meet the criteria for going to the hospital, instead of waiting.  Have a great time. As long as you are continuing to use your antibiotic drops, you are good to go.....there will be no risk to others.  These two cancers are not "connected", but it is still unfortuante for you to have this family history. I wish you the best in your recent cervical biopsies and hope everything turns out fine for you. As far as your breast cancer history is concerned, talk to your women's health expert to see if you can have special genetic test.  No. Warts are caused by a HUMAN papilloma virus. Dogs cannot get human warts, so he is safe to pet them or get licked as much as he wants.  Yes....having a higher-level opinion from a cancer specialist, like an oncologist, is recommended.  Lock your prescriptions up, or place them in a safe/secure area. If you know the family member, you can confront them, but a denial would be a likely response. You may need to get your medicines refilled, but if they were for a controlled substance, you may be out of luck.  The MMR offers good protection...but unfortunately, not 100%. Mumps is contagious, but I do not know what stage of the illness your grandchild is in, so this question needs to be addressed to the medical provider who made this diagnosis. http://children.webmd.com/tc/mumps-topic-overview  NSAIDs are considered to be safe if you have hypertension, but I have no idea if they are safe for YOU, since I do not know the details of your medical history or the type of blood pressure medications you on. My advise is for you to get a patient-specific answer from your medical provider -- the one treating your high blood pressure.  Yes, you can see a urologist and agree to a circumcision if you feel this is what you would like to do. There are other ways to fix this problem, so the urologist will discuss it with you. If you are still on your parent's insurance, they may get some indication that you have a visit to the urologist, but since you are considered a legal adult, the only way they could find out is if you told them.  No...there are no blood tests that would determine if you had a stroke or a seizure.  See a urologist. They are the experts in this area...  As far as patients are concerned, they are both the same -- seeing patients of all ages. Family Practice is considered a specialty, since most FP physicians have completed extra training in a residency and have taken the family practice board exam. A General Practice is usually done by a physician who has not done a residency or taken a specialty examination.  Unfortunately, you may need to wait until June. It would not be possible to determine the reason why you have never had a menstrual cycle over the Internet. The causes are many, and we do not know anything about, your medical history, or have any way of examining you. And, yes, PCOS can be one of the causes to consider. A work-up may be expensive, so waiting until June would be prudent.  Maybe. Many flu strains are genetically "close", so past infections, past flu vaccines, and even this year's strain may still offer some protection. This year's flu vaccine is considered to be a good match (not true in all previous years vaccine), so there has been very good protection against the true, lab-confirmed cases of influenza.  I think you can use a mattress for a child until it wears out....gets saggy....or gets peed on too many times. Then, you can get a new one. If the mattress looks good...feels good....and smells okay, just change the sheets and mattress pad and use it.  An may be the best, but many family physicians are quite skilled, so ask around for some names from trusted friends, other physicians, or even your neighborhood pharmacist.  Perhaps. Some studies have even shown that grape juice has some cardiac protective benefits, like red wine. I don't think the alcohol component is that essential, non-alcoholic wine may be just as good, but I have not seen any studies that prove it. Most people who drink wine do so because they like it, not for the health benefits. They enjoy the socialization and the relaxation achieved by a leisurely glass of wine. If it also helps the heart...even better. Lowering abnormal lipids is more complicated than just watching the diet. Many are elevated lipids are genetic, so you can have one more thing to blame on your parents.  Viral pharyngitis is just a sore throat caused by a cold (respiratory) virus. Biologically, respiratory viruses are contagious a day before you know you are sick, and then for about two days later (estimate). Exposing others would not likely cause them to have identical symptoms, but they could get a cold. Since cold viruses are everywhere, she can really go back to her usual activities (school, church, choir) when she is feeling better. Colds last about a week, but most people feel fine by day four. Resting the voice when she has a sore throat is usually a good idea, so use your own judgment.  It is not good to sit on your anxiety and do nothing. Yes, it does cause emotional and physical pain. Definitely. I've been through it, still battle it, and know what you mean. You must become proactive. Get started immediately to help yourself. Few people will understand how you feel. Unfortunately. You will have to do a lot, but not everything, alone. Maybe this (below) will help you in some way? I hope so.  Yes. You have to take statins for life. Life style changes are necessary but dont solve your cholesterol problem. There seems to be mystery behind the cholesterol theory of artery blockages. I believe statiins reduce inflammation of coronary arteries and reduce the chances for cholesterol to stick to artery walls. That statins reduce LDL is incidental. Web MD has not thrown any light on this shady area. I wish they say some thing on the "cholesterol myth".  Hi:  Your aunt is pulling your leg! [This is not true.]  You may want to consider having the hair removed with a laser by a trained professional. Between treatments consider using hydroquinone, kojic acid, alpha-hydroxy acids, or bearberry to help lighten the dark spots.    I would seek the consultation of a nephrologist (kidney specialist) - so that your progression can be followed and relevant information can be given to you regarding your diet and possible lifestyle changes that may benefit you / and/or halt the progression of any kidney disease.   I know (according to what I have read, that when the eGFR drops below 60 - it is an indication of Chronic Kidney disease starting - or possibly acute kidney disease if the GFR fell suddenly in response to an injury.)  It can detect only very recent changes in the uterus.  WELCHOL ORAL SIDE EFFECTS  WELLLLLLL......Me doing research on suicide is harer than i thought so i need help on it.  It could just be normal discharge any girl could get . if its oderless then you should be fine but if it has a scent or any change in color or if its more than usual . You might have an yeast infection . which can be easily treated fast if seen by a doctor . i had this same problem so your not alone .  i have had an eating disorder since i was about eight and even though my family was urged to get me help, i wasn't hospitalized until i was fifteen and in critical condition. i'm nearly nineteen, and though i am making progress, i struggle every day. the consequences of an eating disorder are deadly and lasting. it will destroy your mind, your body, and your relationships with everyone around you. please, get help. be honest with your family. edreferral.com lets you search in your area for all types of treatment --outpatient, inpatient, residential, or intensive outpatient. talk with your family about what you think you need, and don't wait until it gets out of hand. personally, going to a specialist in eating disorders has always helped me best --you'll want at least a therapist and nutritionist, and talking to your psychiatrist about medicine for anxiety might make eating less stressful. intensive outpatient treatment for your eating disorder would be a good start if it's available, since you'll need more support in the beginning to give your recovery a sort of kick start. good luck! i know how scary this can be, but go for it. feel free to email me at alloendreams@aol.com if you need help with anything else!  Obesity can be caused by genetics or environmental factors. The reason that you are having a hard time on losing weight may also be indirectly related to having a sedentary lifestyle. You can stay more active and be more mindful about the kinds of foods that you take in so you will stay in shape and prevent the appearances of unwanted fats.  Please take your child to the ER and get the Dr. there to refer you to an oncologist. This could be an indicator of cancer or it might be nothing more than a swollen lymph gland, but you don't want to take chances with your child, I know. Good luck.  Dont lecture him. That doesnt help. Children with ADD cannot sit there to focus long enough on what you are saying. Pending on the age of your child, find a reward system for good behavior and punishment system for bad behavior. Let them figure out good consequences and bad consequences for themselves. It takes time and its not easy to deal with. Just make sure you let them know that you are proud of them no matter what happens.  the best thing you can do is ask your son what he wants to do for himself if he wants help then you both should find ways in helping eachother with this there are many different ways of help detoxic both in patience or out patience you can find out about suboxiance that is a pill you take daily look up information on web. the best thing is to remember that there is no cure for addcition you have to want not to be that way which is not easy but with the love and understanding from the ones we know we have hurt will make not wanting to use drugs easier best of luck remember one day at a time because thats all that really matters TODAY because tomorrow we all could be gone TODAY IS WHAT COUNTS so even if your son may not be free from drugs he is with you and that is what is important  The best thing you can do is learn to support him without enabling him. No one can overcome any type of addiction unless they WANT to do it for themselves. There is nothing you can say or do to try to convince him to quit or seek help. That is the unfortunate truth. Most people need to hit a bottom before they truly want to get clean. The best thing you can do for yourself is learn to live your life and not be co-dependent to his addiction. Addiction is a family disease, but there are programs and meetings out there that can help you move on with your life and not let your son's addiction control your life.  It is my understanding that you do have to take long term - if you go off the meds, your cholesterol is going to go back up - unless you can make lifestyle changes to address, but it sounds like yours is more genetic (family history).  I would go get tested. I am not sure if hepatitis is a permanent condition or not (sorry). Best of luck!  It sounds like you could have a hemroid. You can check by feeling around the out side of your rectum. If you feel a vain like thing sticking out then that is what is it. they will bleed especially if your straining when you have a bowel moment That is the only thing I can personally think of that would cause blood outside of your poop. If it continues I would call your primary care doctor and tell them your symptoms.Good luck!  Yes, there are so many different types of flu/cold bugs out there that if your immune system is compromised it is easier to catch another one. I suggest starting taking a vitiman C supplment and increase fluids to help flush your system.    Neurologist prescribed me Frovatriptan which works on the migraine but not on the frequency which can be every day for over 10 days. Sodium Valporate worked like a charm for a few months but then didn't. I have just started taking the highest dose (600mg am and 600mg pm) and keeping my fingers crossed. Have also cut out the top 10 migraine triggers and occasionally testing for allergies by eating one of them for one day, then back to diet for another 2, but its hard as you don't want to give yourself a migraine and I still get them anyway. There has been an operation done in the John Radcliff to implant electrodes in one lady's brain which seemed to work but I was told, by my consultant (lovely man - not!) it costs 15k and my chances of having it were zero. Have asked my doctor to refer me to a dietition but he thinks they are no longer available, due to cut backs. I've lost 11lb in the last 6 weeks and now just hoping the menopause will cure me, as it seems to with so many sufferers. Might try cutting out gluten as well but then I cant have my porridge for breakfast! Not sure about the phone answer - only had them for 4 months? Someone else told me recently they suffered from terrible migraines, then he said they lasted for all of ... 10 minutes! Mine last 10 hours. Plus. Don't loose heart. We still have good days, unlike many other poor souls who have permanent afflictions like Parkinsons and Cancer.  I have a question for you on this one. How often does she go to this doctor? Does she have a family history of breast cancer? I think if he is checking more than once a month, then he may be trying to cop a feel. However, if it's once a month or less and there's a family history, then I would agree that he's just being thorough.  I would go o the ER just to be on the safe side. Anytime you have any doubt, you should get it checked out. Have you had a ultra sound done yet? Hope this helps....  Sounds like you have diabetes. It can cause sweating. Cold skin. And mood swings. Depression. And does run in family. You need to have a blood test. A1c will tell your Dr. if you do have it. And what your sugar has been running for the last 3 month's. If it does come back positive. He will put you on medication. Depending if you have type 1 or type. After your on the meds. or insulin. Your mood swings will calm down. I have diabetes, and have had every thing you have mentioned. The sooner the better. You can control it. But there is no cure.  First let me start by saying that I truly am sorry that you or your FRIEND has to go thru this I have been thru a similar situation and there are a lot of people who do not understand but I truly do now with that being said if she is on patch's she is having mental withdrawls not physical because the narcodics from the patch's will keep her from withdrawal but with people who are on xanax have anxiety which when you have someone tell you that you can not take something anymore that keeps you from having an anxiety you are naturally are going to freak your self out which in turn puts you in an anxiety attack so she needs to try some self soothing anxiety methods like with she feels like she's having one try to talk to someone she needs to get her mind d off of not having the xanax or she can try to focus on her breathing the will calm her down in turn it will BRI g her out of the anxiety attack there are lots of other ways to help with anxiety you can look up WAY TO HELP WITH ANXIETY ATTACKS WITHOUT MEDIACATION. I really hope this helps your friend thank you and good luck to you and yours!!!!!!!!!!!!!;-)  You should return to the ER.  I am not an MD. If she hasn't done a sleep study she should but my aunt and mother both have chronic sleep issues and they swear by the time-release Ambien which your family doctor will probably prescribe.  talk to him about the consequences of stealing and lying about how stealing will get him arrested or worse when he is older and maybe even have a police officer talk with him about it and see if that helps  yes you should see a doctor..  something scared u, in our family when something scares u that is what hapens. we let a father from church pray over us and it releaves us a little to where we can talk about it and help one another take that fear and smoothe the process out and lets us rest.  Hi,friend the reports are not complete,you should take the Urine Routine Test.see the result.  go to dr. phil and ask for help or even have a family intervention and let her know that you guys are there to hear her out and ask what has been going on and ask why she is doing this.  Get help.  Lets put it this way. i was told to check bp at home when my daughter checks it the old way it is normal , but when i check it on my machine both top and bottom numbers are up by 20 . and i have had drs say they are not accurate. so check up on it is all i can say, hope it helps you.  yes  I would not want to be on the same road as her. Dosage and tolerance is a factor and as long as she does not abuse her medication then driving on that alone is safe. The combination of two depressants however is harmful to your essential organs and is in fine print on the pill bottle to never combine alcohol and the medication. In reality, two glasses of wine alone will have one being sober as a goat but drinking on top of the medication will result in feeling very messed up and is basically the same as driving drunk. I had a friend who passed away from the combination of alcohol and antidepressants when he was 18 and that was the biggest tragedy I have ever gone through (wasn't his first time doing both either). If you care about this person then you should either get them help or cancel their subscription because they are rolling the dice everyday they take it.  Thyroid disease is one cause of eye pressure. Can be very serious. Seek medical opinion asap  Your not fat!  Well if that is when they scheduled you and there is nothing sooner, all you can do is wait. I worked for a Derm and I believe if they thought it was too long they would do something about it.  #1 ask your OB for another method of birth control and there are lots of over the counter methods, see a pharmacist. You probably have high blood pressure too,huh? I had real bad periods and have already had a mild stroke. I found that if I quit drinking coffee and only have a soda once in a while I felt a lot better. I didn't have bad cramps anymore and I didn't get the cists on my overies anymore. Try that and see if it helps. Good luck.  if you have a fanily history of asthma , then your child has a chanceof having asthma. the possibility of that chance depends on the closeness of the relative or relatives that have asthma to the child that may or may not have the condition. i hope that this answer answers your question...  There are several things you can try. Meditation, couselling, vitamins (Sam-E, St. John's Wart). As far as a reason as to why it is happening, most likely it is chemical. Our bodies go through so many changes. Breathing excercises when you feel anxious or angry might help. One thing that I was taught was to imagine an energy field around yourself, and imagine that energy field shifting. I often imagine a green color (that is my calming color) surrounding me and flowing through my body while I am focusing on my breathing. It helps me deal with my anger and anxiety. Another thing that helps me is working out. Something about the exertion pulls that anger and frustration away...that is for me anyway. I hope you find some relief. If you are serious about finding an all natural approach, considering looking for a naturepathic doctor. Mine is extremely helpful!  Not necessarily. If you really have the desire to lose weight and be fit, you just have to possess the proper motivation. Have a balanced diet and a regular exercise. Live a healthy lifestyle and be positive.  Hello, it happens after the pregnancy, the problem of increased body weight and the fat, on the surrounding area of waist, thighs, arms. It is good to follow a daily exercise routine along with the proper diet program, but if you are still not losing body weight, then you need to do some changes in the efforts you are doing. I recommend you to go for the resveratrol, it is actually a natural phenol molecule, posses amazing properties to fight against the obesity, when resveratrol taken in the form of supplements and included in your diet programs, it metabolizes the excess body fat and flushes out the fat, it triggers SiRT1 gene in the upper intestine and works excellent to reduce the body weight. There are plenty of options available you can use to supplements. In my opinion you should go for the resveratrol supplements .  First are you a female? If so how old? It may be menopause. And they do have medication for that. You might also want to check and see if you are border line diabetic. People who have diabeties can have night sweats.  Did your friend suffer a traumatic or very stressful event? Sometime the hair follicle experiences shock over traumatic event and will lose the hair or lose its color, not sure if it goes back to normal. Reminds me of the movie about the albino guy, I forget what it was called, wierd, good luck to your friend.  The main concern would be diabetes. Carbohydrate turns into sugar, and high amounts of sugar in the blood cause all of your organs in your body to work harder, and it can make him feel tired, and groggy like you explained with brain fog. Meats are good, but your family member should incorporate some veggies or fruits, and cut down on carbs. He doesnt have to QUIT them, but being educated on the risks of diabtes could help curb his appetite.  He needs to have some one sign a release of info, he needs to sign too saying that he is okay with you knowing about his health info. Ask the doctors office you see to help you fill one out. That should take care of HIPPA laws. The form only covers those who are listed on it, so lets say, his daughter was on the form, and you were not, that is why you can not gain access to the records, because he did not sign your permission. Hope that helps!  Sounds like she might have a UTI....please take her to the doctor adn ask to check for a UTI  I would suggest showing her more way that your relationship is stronger and different; meaning better. show her more tlc affection.  extreme thirst..dark urine are symtpoms of diabetes...also blurred vision..my husband always had 20/20 vision and he started having trouble seeing road signs...and was always thirsty and could never quench it...finally he checked his sugar with my father's meter and it just came up "high" was over 800 when he went to hospital  I've lived in VA all my life, and have osteo, lupus, and fibro. While it is warmer here in the winter than CT, we do get some winters that are fairly cold - it does vary considerably, and it varies a lot depending on where you live in VA.  sounds to me like the mucus you have when your ovulating which is normal it should only last a few days , if your trying to get prego now would be the time :)  vitamins lots of water make sure you wash your hands after touching anything in the house and its kinda messed up to day say but stay away from everyone ;) hope this helps , if u feel like you wanna take something more i dont really recomend it only cause you rather be free of meds and other things when your going under the knife as we say..  Hi. Sorry I couldn't find the reply section and hence i am seemingly replying to my own question when I am not(i am new to webmd). I want to thank Beachbaby012 for her insights. I admit I am facing some social insecurities and am mindful that I must seek help for the same. However I still do believe that I have some problem (if not accomodative isotropia) that cause my eyes to turn exceedingly inwards. Perhaps its a partial squint of some sort(I am no eye expert). I have had a few eye exams in the past the last one being about 7 years back (yes i know...it has been that long!!!) I understand that the right course of action for me would be to visit the eye doc and will do so right away. Can I still, have someone check out my photos here to see if I am not just being paranoid Is there a way to post photos here for others to assess?  Hi You are not alone. Believe me. There are others dealing with the same issues. I had migraines for about a month. I could not eat because then I'd throw up, could not be in the light, could not even go outside. Each and everytime that I went outside, I'd throw up. The light bothered me and made my migraines worse as well as the noise and the TV. There are good meds out there on the market for that. You just have to experience with them to see which one helps you to the most. I too saw my neurologist for my migraines. he gave me a script but it did not help very much. (Those migraines are a killer). I'd cry because I could not eat or keep anything down. It did started with an aura. And mind you. I was outside waiting on the metro rail stop when this happened. I sort of had a feeling like kind of oooze. So I called my DR. and he told me to get to the nearesr ER. And they told me it was migraines. And I was just constantly throwing up left and right at the ER.  For the doctor, I would see a gastroenterologist   There has to be a reason for the cholesterol to be high. A vegetarian diet can be one of eating absolutely no dairy or animal meat products or one of just avoiding meats. If you are a TRUE vegetarian and eat no dairy or animal products you will have to look at your source of fats and protein. Are you using any fats that are not healthy fats, such as hydrogenated oils, or oils that form trans-fats when digested? IF, you find the source of the cholesterol you can eliminate your problem. Your body cannot make bad cholesterol if you do not supply it with the ingredients to do so. Try limiting your fats to only a good nut fat such as almond and-or a good seed like flax or sunflower for a month and see what your results are. Another thing, you say you are eating whole grain only? Is this processed grain? Try eating unprocessed grains or less processed grains than products made from highly processed flours. Or try a product made from a non grain seeds such as millet flour. The more a grain is processed the more good parts of it are destroyed or reduced leaving you with a starch that will undoubtedly ferment while digesting. How many processed foods do you eat? Is your vegetarian diet from fresh fruits and veggies, or is it from Canned or processed foods laden with salts and unlabeled fats? 3rdly and last, what is the ph status of your blood? Most diets consist of highly acidic causing foods which causes your body to store excess acid in the fats of your body. You say you are overweight, this could be a major reason since even though you are Vegetarian you are still overweight. Get a few ph strips or paper and check your first urine in the morning. If it is under 7.0 on the ph scale this may be part of the problem. Genetics can play a role also, but I really think this is more of a crutch for most people. I was told I would be on my cholesterol meds for the rest of my life as my whole family had high blood pressure and high cholesterol! I changed my lifestyle of eating and am now off all my meds with a total cholesterol of 145 by doing so. I am diabetic also and have been able to eliminate all my meds. I follow a lifestyle of eating called the ph diet. You ought to look into it to see if it can help you too. Just Google it and read about it. It is a sort of vegetarian diet but just a little different. There are several good books on the ph diet out there, some a little more radicle and hard to follow but most with a common sense attitude of diet one can follow. One thing, you have to want something bad enough to make it happen. Good luck!  You probably don't want to hear it but the best way to help him is to stop enabling him. Give him an ultimatum. Stop or you will no longer help him in anyway. No money, he cant stay with you, no rides, etc. It's hard and will make you feel like you're the one doing something wrong, but it's the only way to really help him. If he has nothing to lose, why would he stop? You're making it easier for him to continue using if you allow the behavior.  Not an expert but as I understand it, a blood test called CA125 is a screening test for ovarian cancer. And on a confusing note, my mom, who had a complete hysterectomy in her 40's continued to have this test and it came back high all thru her old age??? She was convinced she had cancer but of course she didn't. Until something better comes along I'd say the blood test CA125 is what you want. PS: not sure how ovaries migrate from original position unless something is pushing against them? A CT scan and/or ultrasound should explain that.  Osteoarthritis in the hip generally is felt in the groin area the outside of the hip could indicate bursitis. And this can be chronic. You would need an xray though to rule out the possibility of OA.  I too battled migraines for 4 months. After several different meds that did not work I came to the realization that the one thing that had changed in my life prior too, was my cell phone. I quit using my smart phone and the migraines went away. I thought it was that particular model, so when it came time for my free upgrade I then got another smart phone only to have the same issue. It turns out that I am sensitive to what ever the method that data is sent and received in modern day smart phones. I have a dumb phone with the mobile internet that does no effect me at all. I still have the original smart phone that gave me the worst migraines and I use it to get on wifi and it does not effect me at all. Hope this helps!  i know someone that was on heroin badly and he itched all the time but he never got them  your period my be irregular. But the home pregnancy tests aren't always correct so you could take another test and if it is still negative, then just wait. if you have missed more than 2 weeks then go to the doctor  Anxiety is very physical and don't let others do the helpful things like saying "Just quit", "Just don't let it get to you", etc. It is your body reaction to the environment and your systems react quickly and badly. While others are letting bad things pass off them like water off a duck you are absorbing every dang thing...the emotions, the sounds, the fears, the visions,....all of it. You go on overload. Non medical solution is to always move from the location, don't return to it till ALL the anxiety is over, avoid places and people that you know will trigger it, ignore people that have lots of advice for you that includes discounting what you are experiencing. Avoid caffeine or anything else that will increase your heart rate. Try meditation in a quiet, dimly lit, silent place or just soft wordless music. It can be controlled but ONLY if you can find a way to feel your environment isn't a mess of loose strings and unguided paths. You MUST feel you have control of your life....so take it. Best of luck.  ptsd probably i am on prazosin and xanax for it.  