I would practice breathing techniques to help me relax on a daily bases .  I would worry if she can't catch her breath. If she shows signs of distress and can't breathe you should take her to an ER or call 911. Otherwise, contact your pediatrician if symptoms persist.  Usually any pain reliever will help. Tylenol, Advil, Aspirin can help reduce her fever don't let her take it unless she's allergic though. There are two other things you could do. You can cool her down grab wet towels and put one on her forehead and the other on her neck and or chest. Some people prefer to sweat it out but I don't recommend that one. I do recommend you take her to a doctor or ER it's not good that her temperature is 102 if it gets any higher she could get brain damage.  Tooth infection  YES!!!!  I have a question for you. Do you have a hard time sweating or perspiring? The purpose of sweating is to keep our bodies from overheating.... Over the years, I have found that since I have a problem sweating, my body has no way of releasing the heat and therefore anyone that comes to hug and kiss my cheek always ask me why I feel sooooo hot or like I have a fever, when I don't. The heat is trapped inside. Not being able to sweat is known as "Anhidrosis", research it and ask your doctor if this could be your issue. I have also found that I have an issue with dehydration and when I drink the amount of water needed for my body weight, then it helps reduce my inner heat as well as benefits me in other healthy ways. Hope this helps...  An otherwise healthy person who gets the flu will usually improve over two to five days. In some people that tired feeling may last for one week or more and very rarely the symptoms can last for several weeks (post influenza asthenia). A major concern when you get the flu is that complications can arise. This is not strictly a relapse, but the development of another illness. The risk is highest for those with diabetes; heart, lung, or kidney disease; and other chronic diseases that lower the body's resistance to infection. Persons over age 65 are also at greater risk of developing complications from the flu. A very serious complication associated with the flu is pneumonia. Shortness of breath, sharp chest pain on deep breathing, or fever lasting beyond five days are symptoms that may indicate pneumonia. Talk with your doctor if your symptoms are not improving. It is always better to wait until you are feeling better before starting back on a vigorous exercise program. It is normal to feel weak for several days after the flu, but if your symptoms persist seek medical attention to be safe.  Have you checked if has had a fall somewhere or hurt while playing? Please do not ignore and take him to a doctor. Hope he gets well soon. As a mother do understand how traumatising it can be when kids fall ill. Take care  Have the doctor do a blood check for herpes.  Hi there: My two year old also had that. She ended up having to have an inhaler because her airways would inflate when she was active therefore causing her to have trouble breathing. After she used the inhaler for a while it went away and now she is a healthy almost 4 year old! We only ever used it the one time. I would reccomend it. good luck.  Hi, Yellowing of the eyes is a type of jaundice. I would make a doctor appointment.  Thank you very much, I shall get this check done.  Male 37 - Asian. Lived mostly in India, temporarily living in the US. Prior history of bronchitis attacks during winters but not in the past few years. No illness during the last 1 year. Non-smoker with occasional limited alcohol consumption. Weight has been steadily between 60-62 kgs for a decade and I checked yesterday but there is no change. I haven't changed my food habits or lifestyle in the recent past. Is there any other info that I could provide to help?   I am sorry for the illness of your brother-in-law. I do not know his medical history and I am not a doctor, but Ill try to provide you with some information as follows: Summary: Many times there are no overt symptoms of liver disease during the early stages of liver disease including cirrhosis. It is suspected that your brother-in-law may be in a more advanced stage of liver disease. Your brother-in-law appears to be in an acute stage of liver disease that has resulted in toxin build-up within the body causing stage 3 Hepatic Encephalopathy. Hepatic Encephalopathy patients may have a reversal of this condition with efficient and timely medical treatment. Unfortunately some Hepatic Encephalopathy patients do not respond to treatment and death may occur. I hope that this answer has been helpful and that you and your family remain well during this period of medical uncertainty.   After being diagnosed with cirrhosis, the development of a fever can be a sign of liver complications and should be medically assessed. Your physician should be consulted before taking any over the counter medications such as acetaminophen, aspirin, ibuprofen, vitamins, and other supplements. A good practice when first diagnosed is to put all the bottles of all the medications you take into a bag and take them with you to the doctor who manages your liver disease. Include all over-the-counter medications, supplements, and herbal drugs, as well as any prescriptions you take. Individuals with cirrhosis get aches and pains and may develop a fever just like anybody else. Clear treatment instructions should be obtained before these incidents occur. Never start any new medications or supplements without first checking with your doctor. Any time you are being prescribed a new medication, make sure the doctor prescribing it is aware of your liver condition. Most pain and anti-pyretic (fever reducers) drugs are metabolized by the liver. With cirrhosis, the failing liver does not always break down these drugs which then may build up in the bloodstream to toxic levels. Alcohol, prescribed medications, vitamins, and over the counter medical remedies can cause further hepatic damage and should be taken only upon the approval of the doctor treating your cirrhosis.  A fever is the body's way of fighting-off illness and infections. The normal adult temperature has been programed into our minds as being 98.6 degrees (f); actually 98.6 is just an established average. Because we are all unique individuals, it may be more helpful to consider a normal temperature range to be between 97 degrees - 99 degrees. When the adult has a temperature 1 degree above 99 degrees (100 degrees), they have an established fever. A fever reaching 101 degrees may be treated with over the counter fever reducers such as acetaminophen.  Fevers are common in young babies and can usually be easily resolved with proper medical diagnosis of their cause and appropriate treatment is administered. Although you do not want to panic over a slight fever, these febrile babies need to be observed closely. The situation can go from only having a small spike in body temperature, to bad, to worse very quickly. This is due in part to their small body size, immature immune system, and the potential to loss body fluids. It would be helpful to know the age of your baby, the range of body temperature readings that you've obtained, whether the baby is accepting fluids and other nutrition, and how long that the baby has had the fever. It sounds like your child is fighting off some type of viral or bacterial infection. Fevers that last longer than 24 hours in young children without going down, or are higher than 100.4 degrees rectally in an infant < than 3 months old should be evaluated by a medical professional immediately.Teething alone should not cause a temperature to reach the 100.4 degree level. Perhaps the yeast infection is not responding to the ointment and a systemic antibiotic is needed. Or maybe another more serious infection exists. When in doubt, as is the case with your child, always notify your doctor of a fever in a baby that is not responding to treatment. I would call your pediatrician without delay and inform that individual of the baby's condition. If that is not possible, a visit to your local hospital's emergency room is justified. The message here is... It is better safe than sorry when dealing with a sick baby. I hope that your baby gets well soon.   To answer your question directly, I would not take more than the maximum daily recommended dose of any product containing acetaminophen for more than several days. Acetaminophen should be taken with caution especially by individuals who may drink alcohol or have any medical condition of the liver. Treatment of a fever is directed at the cause of the infection. Acetaminophen may be taken to reduce fevers of 103. degrees or less. A fever that is at least 103 degrees or last longer than 5 days should be evaluated by a medical professional s you have done. Also, it is helpful to keep in mind that the bodys temperature tends to rise during the evening and night hours. Consuming plenty of fluids is also helpful in controlling the negative feelings associated with having a fever. Typically a fever is a symptom of some underlying illness. A likely suspect may be a viral infection. Was a diagnosis made for your condition? Not all antibiotics are effective for all infections. Antibiotic treatment must be tailored to the specific infection that it is intended to treat. Besides congestion and fever, your doctor most likely considered other symptoms before prescribing the antibiotic. It is reasonable to have seen some improvement in your overall medical condition within a few days of starting the antibiotic treatment. Since this has not happened for you, I recommend that you contact your doctor and notify them of your response to the acetaminophen and antibiotic treatment, and stay well hydrated. A visit to the local hospital emergency room may be justified if you cannot reach your doctor or your condition worsens.  To answer your question directly, I would not take more than the maximum daily recommended dose of any product containing acetaminophen for more than several days. Acetaminophen should be taken with caution especially by individuals who may drink alcohol or have any medical condition of the liver. Treatment of a fever is directed at the cause of the infection. Acetaminophen may be taken to reduce fevers of 103. degrees or less. A fever that is at least 103 degrees or last longer than 5 days should be evaluated by a medical professional s you have done. Also, it is helpful to keep in mind that the bodys temperature tends to rise during the evening and night hours. Consuming plenty of fluids is also helpful in controlling the negative feelings associated with having a fever. Typically a fever is a symptom of some underlying illness. A likely suspect may be a viral infection. Was a diagnosis made for your condition? Not all antibiotics are effective for all infections. Antibiotic treatment must be tailored to the specific infection that it is intended to treat. Besides congestion and fever, your doctor most likely considered other symptoms before prescribing the antibiotic. It is reasonable to have seen some improvement in your overall medical condition within a few days of starting the antibiotic treatment. Since this has not happened for you, I recommend that you contact your doctor and notify them of your response to the acetaminophen and antibiotic treatment, and stay well hydrated. A visit to the local hospital emergency room may be justified if you cannot reach your doctor or your condition worsens.  Antibiotics can be a cause of liver damage. Fatigue and a low grade fever can be a symptoms of a liver disorder. Were you given possible reasons for the elevated liver levels when the blood study results were reported? It is recommended that you follow back up with the doctor who prescribed the antibiotic and ordered the blood testing that revealed elevated enzyme levels. If that is not possible, then seeing another physician may be necessary. If you feel pain, become jaundiced, have clay colored stools, or dark urine, a visit to a hospital emergency room is justified.  I am sorry for ear hurting. I've had earaches and know how painful they can be. Treatment of an earache is dependent on its cause. Did the ENT doctor, in addition to eliminating infection and TMJ, have any other diagnostic guesses on the cause of your pain? Some reasons for earaches include: - Moisture in the ear canal, - Wax build-up, - Sinus problems, - Ear drum injuries, - Rupture of the eardrum due to loud noises, - and many other causes. I personally would not put anything into my ear unless prescribed by a doctor. Self medicating of earaches is discouraged. With that said, a few drops of hydrogen peroxide should not be harmful. Other "Old Time Home Remedies" that I've heard about are warm ginger ale drops, warm sesame oil with garlic drops (the healing prosperities of garlic have been well documented) ,and warm compresses applied carefully so as not to burn sensitive skin around the ear. The best advise is to follow up with the ENT doctor for specific treatment instructions If that is not possible, then you should see another doctor. If your pain becomes worse or does not go away in a few days, then a visit to your hospital's emergency room is justified. I wouldn't put off seeking professional medical treatment very long. Waiting too long to receive professional treatment for your earache may lead to permanent hearing loss.  Yes. If you havent been on probiotics you should. Your immune system is weakened anytime you take antibiotics. Antibiotics cant differentiate good flora or bad flora in the gut. Make sure you go to a natural foods store who has a good reputation.They may carry and recommend what might work best. Good luck.  You've got it backwards, Whitlock. Children's heart rates are faster than adults, not slower. In a 6-year-old, a rate of up to 130 can be normal. And in a newborn, less than 100 is too slow. I agree, the kid should go to the ER in this instance but be careful what you post here, especially if you tell people you have a medical background. They'll belive what you say, and misinformation can be dangerous.  Well you should bring her to the doctor. I had a tick on my armpit once and the doctor was a big help he dug the whole tick out.  I would. I was always told by my sons doctor that a fever over 101 is dangerous.  Not having your period, and stomach pain, are classic symptoms. Pain in your shoulder, or while having a bowel movement could also indicate an ectopic pregnancy. <?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p> <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p> </o:p> One of your biggest risks is having had a previous tubal pregnancy. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> You should be evaluated as soon as possible since none of these are considered proof positive of a tubal pregnancy; regardless, youll need to figure out why you havent had a period.<o:p></o:p>  I would seek the advise of a medical technician and get an MRI.  With his diet laid out that way it looks to me like he may have a possible yeast infection....from al those starches in his diet..Is the child overweight? And does he not eat meat?  It is a possibility that when you are covered up with blankets it is holding the heat in, not allowing it to ventilate away from the body.  For many years I suffered from terrible headaches. Only .when I slept did it go away. I found out that there's a shortage of progestorone in my body. After starting with treatment it dissappears. Maybe you can start with testing all your hormones.  Seasonal allergy Rhinitis and commonly known as Hay Fever. It occurs at the time of season changes and people easily get such symptoms. So, you need to treat it by having medicines like Allegra. Such seasonal allergies caused due to dust and pollen etc. So, to treat it one can opt for Allegra which is effective non-sedating antihistamine medicine that is intended to be used as a short term treatment for relieving allergy symptoms such as hay fever, itchy eyes, runny nose and others. Allegra is easily available on online drug pharmacies like, Drugpillstore.  It could be seasonal allergy Rhinitis. It occurs at the time of season changes and people easily get such symptoms. So, you need to treat it by having medicines like Allegra. Such seasonal allergies are caused due to dust and pollen etc. So, to treat it you may opt for Allegra which is effective non-sedating antihistamine medicine that is intended to be used to treat for relieving allergy symptoms such as hay fever, itchy eyes, runny nose and others. Allegra is easily available on online drug pharmacy Drugpillstore.  take them to the hospital  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  Yes I would think so  With the gall bladder its eating that the problem, I would get him checked for stomach and intestinal viruses/infection. Just me though better safe than sorry  I know it sounds weird, but my great granny used to cut an onion in half and put one half on the bottom of each foot, then cover with socks and leave them on me all night. (In addition to Tylenol or Advil) When I would wake up in the morning, my fever would be gone (or at least drasticly reduced) and the onions in my socks would be black. She said the onions drew the fever away from the brain and other vital organs. I don't unserstand how it works, but I used this on my children and now on my grands and it works every time.    Yes  Sounds like a hernia. Have him checked out by a doctor  If a child has a documented , do not promote more heating by piling on blankets. Instead, use a cool washcloth to the forehead or back of the neck. However, don't overdo that, either. You don't want your child to become so cool he or she is shivering. Not all fevers need to be treated. Sometimes, they'll get better on their own. A fever over 103 degrees Fahrenheit in a toddler deserves medical attention, according to the American Academy of Pediatrics. I hope your little one feels better soon!  I can hear the frustration in your question. It's always annoying when we do what we're told, and our medical problem still doesn't clear up. Unfortunately, only your doctor can tell you what's going on. I can tell you that some infections require more than one course of antibiotics to treat. Or they require a very specific antibiotic. Because your physician knows your medical history, he or she can look into this further to determine what the best course of action is. I'm sorry you're going through this. All of us in medicine sometimes wish we had a magic wand in order to cure people's conditions immediately. As of right now, we're still waiting. Hang in there!  If you're so weak you truly feel "almost lifeless," you really need to seek immediate medical attention. Any number of things could cause you to experience sharp stomach pains, but an inability to eat combined with extreme weakness is cause for alarm. Please have someone take you to the emergency room or call for an ambulance. I'm sorry you're going through this and wish you all the best!  Boy, do I hear you -- because I have the same thing! Some people simply have a chronically runny nose. Usually, the fluid is clear and thin. This condition is called " ." This means your runny nose isn't related to any allergic cause. If eating spicy or hot foods makes this problem worse, the medical term for it is "gustatory rhinitis" or "gustatory rhinorrhea." Either way, there's no cure. There's no cure for non-allergic rhinitis, either. If you've tried over-the-counter pills and prescription nasal sprays without relief, I'm not sure what to suggest. More hankies? Sorry I can't be of more help, but at least take comfort in knowing you're not alone: About 20 million Americans suffer from non-allergic rhinitis. Take care!  Honestly, the only way to diagnose strep is through a lab test. Even if all the signs (like throat redness) and symptoms (like soreness) are there, it still may not be strep. Even "white spots" in the back of the mouth are no guarantee it's a case of strep. is almost always accompanied by fever. Are you using a thermometer to measure your son's temperature, or are you relying on the old hand-to-the-forehead method? It's very important to use a thermometer when assessing fever. I mention this because it never ceases to amaze me how many people do not have this basic tool in their medicine cabinets. Keep in mind, also, if you're giving your son acetaminophen (Tylenol) to ease the pain of the sore throat, this could cause him to register a "normal" temperature on the thermometer (because acetaminophen is a fever-reducer). Instead of speculating about what might be going on with your son, I suggest you take him to his pediatrician. Since the problem has been going on for nearly a week, it's not a bad idea to get medical attention. I hope your little boy feels better soon! Wishing you well!  It's impossible to know what's going on without a physical examination. A persistent fever of 101.5 in an adult is worthy of an urgent care visit, especially with the constipation issue, and especially if you have any other symptoms, such as vomiting or pain. A fever normally indicates an infection. When the body ramps up production of antibodies to fight an infection, it causes a fever. However, a fever of 101.5 for two days is not normal in an adult. I'd suggest you get this checked out as soon as possible. Wishing you all the best!  Any time an infant or toddler eats or drinks something that is not made for human consumption, you should call the poison control hotline at . Write that phone number down and post it on your refrigerator for easy access! You should call your pediatrician for advice about your child's fever and runny nose. It's doubtful the plant food caused this, but we are into flu season and flu can be very serious in a one-year-old. You need to get this situation assessed as soon as possible. If your baby is not eating or drinking, take him to the emergency room. If your baby is not producing a wet diaper at least every 3 hours, get him to the emergency room. Plant food contains various chemicals that are highly unsafe for anyone to consume (eat/drink). These things also are unsafe for your pets to drink, so you should find a way to prevent them from doing so. Perhaps place a mesh cover over the Christmas tree bowl so they cannot reach the water or something. Wishing you well!  I'm so sorry you're going through this. It can be very frustrating to feel sick and not get a diagnosis. I have a couple of thoughts for you. First, doctors work well with data. So, I suggest you literally keep a record that contains this information: What you ate When you ate it When your symptoms seem better and when they seem worse When you have a bowel movement and what it looks like (I know, ew, but it could be useful information in obtaining a diagnosis) Note when a specific symptom begins (such as nausea) and when it ends What medication you took and when you took it Your temperature, taken with an oral thermometer, every 4-6 hours (be sure not to take your temperature after eating or drinking anything hot or cold) After you've collected several weeks of data, try going back to your doctor. He or she may see a pattern that might point to a certain diagnosis. Above all, hang in there and keep trying. Some conditions, such as gastroparesis, can take years to diagnose. I know that's not what you wanted to hear, but I want to be honest with you. I hope you feel better soon!  The quick answer to your question is: Yes, your family members can take with (oseltamivir), assuming none of them are allergic to the active ingredient in Mucinex, which is guaifenesin. I'm sorry to hear you have influenza raging through your family. That's awful. It's important to note that oseltamivir doesn't exactly "cure" the flu. In fact, in studies it only shortened the course of symptoms by about one day. So, your family members should not necessarily expect to feel better quickly when taking oseltamivir. That said, they shouldn't stop taking the medication just because it doesn't seem effective yet. They should take the whole course of oseltamivir, which is usually given as one pill twice a day for five days. Meanwhile, they should be OK to use other remedies, such as acetaminophen (Tylenol), ibuprofen (Motrin) or over-the-counter cough and cold remedies to help them weather the symptoms of flu. Read labels carefully so you don't get overlapping drugs in various products. For example, don't mix two cough-and-cold remedies that both contain acetaminophen. That's dangerous. And don't overlook old-fashioned chicken soup, plenty of fluids, and bed rest. Sometimes that's the only way to get over the flu. If symptoms persist (especially fever and congestion) for more than five days, it's probably a good idea to check back with the doctor. If any adult spikes a high fever (over 101F), that's a good reason to take a trip to the emergency room. Next year: Flu shots for everyone?? Prevention is always your best approach. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you experienced this and hope it has cleared up by now. Rashes can be caused by many things. One important thing to remember is this: If a rash is accompanied by swelling of the throat or difficulty breathing, it's time to call 9-1-1. These could be the symptoms of a rare, life-threatening . Luckily, most rashes are not life-threatening. This can be helpful in figuring out what's going on with you. If your rash has not gotten better by now, your best bet is to see a doctor. He or she can help figure out what's going on and treat it if necessary. Best wishes to you!  Sorry to hear you're going through this. No fun! Assuming you're not allergic to ibuprofen (Advil) and you're not taking any other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents (naproxyn, aspirin, prescription pain relievers with NSAIDs in them), you should be A-OK to take some ibuprofen for the pain. If you have any questions about this, though, feel free to ask your pharmacist first. Don't forget to take ALL of your antibiotics. Don't be that person who gets to the final two pills and decides it's too much of a hassle to finish the bottle. Don't do it!! Take them all. It's important. Feel better soon!  I'm sorry you're going through this and that it's concerning you. The skin is an amazing organ. One thing it does is function as sort of a radiator for the body, in the sense that blood vessels in the skin's surface become enlarged to release heat when the core of the body gets too warm. This engorgement of the blood vessels in the skin can cause flushing (a red appearance) and may make the skin feel hot. The body releases excess heat this way in order to avoid overheating the core. I guess my question would be why is your body getting so hot at midday? Is it because you're exercising, for example? Are you going through menopause and experiencing hot flashes? Or do you just get unbearably hot at the same time every day? Our body temperature tends to fluctuate throughout the day, but if you're getting uncomfortably hot every day at the same time with no known cause, it would be worth discussing this with your doctor at your next visit. I mean, it sounds as if your body is functioning normally (your core gets hot, so your skin releases the heat), but perhaps there's some underlying cause for this that should be checked out. I wish you all the best with this!  Usually, if an adult gets a fever over 101F, we suggest he or she seek medical attention. That said, you ask a great question. No one taking warfarin should take an over-the-counter "blood thinner" or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory (NSAID) pain reliever. These include aspirin (and products containing aspirin), ibuprofen, and naproxyn sodium. The main over-the-counter pain a fever medication for people taking warfarin is acetaminophen (Tylenol). However, given that your 20 year old is on warfarin, I'd suggest you consult his or her primary health care provider about both the fever and about what medication would be safe for him or her to take. Take care!  Unfortunately, it's impossible to tell what the problem might be without a physical examination. Difficulty urinating is not a symptom to be taken lightly. It could be caused by a urinary tract infection, kidney infection, or even a stone. Any of these conditions could cause additional problems if not treated. The difficulty urinating also could contribute to the nausea and vomiting. If these symptoms don't clear up quickly, I'd suggest you seek immediate medical treatment. Hope this helps!  I would say yes, seek immediate medical attention. Obviously, it's impossible to diagnose the situation in a forum like this, but your daughter could be experiencing an allergic reaction. This should be addressed as soon as possible. I hope everything turns out OK!  These are serious symptoms that deserve to be investigated immediately. While many conditions could cause the symptoms you describe, a major condition with these symptoms is . And stroke ideally should be treated within 3 hours of the onset of symptoms. Even if the symptoms have resolved by now, I urge you to seek medical treatment. At the very least, call the individual's primary health care provider to report what has happened. The provider may give you further instructions. I wish you both all the best!  I'm hoping you meant to type "102" degree fever, because 112 degrees would send most people into seizure and death. I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds like you are absolutely miserable. While I cannot diagnose you via internet, I will say you are describing the classic . Fever, coughing, weakness and general misery are the hallmarks of influenza. Unfortunately, at day 4 it's too late to get the antiviral flu treatment. On the plus side, if this is a case of the flu, the fever should go away over the next 24 hours or so. If your fever continues beyond the 4th day, you should seek medical attention as soon as possible, as this could be a sign of something serious going on. To your question: The maximum daily dose of as set by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is 1200mg per day. You will have to check the label of your bottle to see how many milligrams of ibuprofen are contained in each gelcap you're taking. Divide 1200mg by the amount in one capsule to find how many gelcaps you generally can safely take per day. You need to be careful not to take any other cough and cold preparations that also contain ibuprofen. Even some branded Tylenol products may contain other active ingredients like ibuprofen, so read the labels carefully. Meanwhile, be sure to drink plenty of fluids. I hope you feel better soon. But if you don't, be sure to seek medical attention.  I'm sorry to hear your son's going through this, and I'm glad he sought medical attention. "Z-pack" is the common name for a particular dosing regimen of , which is an antibiotic. is the brand name of a combination medication that includes an expectorant (which thins and loosens mucus in the airways) and a cough suppressant. It should be safe to take both the Z-pack and the Mucinex-DM at the same time. In telling you this, I'm assuming your son has no known drug allergies. There are no known interactions between azithromycin and the ingredients in Mucinex. Best wishes to your son for a speedy recovery!  If you've been medically diagnosed (not self-diagnosed) with a and you develop a fever within the next several days, you should again seek medical attention. The two things (the fever and the concussion) could be unrelated, but a new symptom accompanying a diagnosis like concussion deserves to be evaluated by a qualified medical provider. If you are self-diagnosing a concussion, you should seek medical attention because you may have mis-diagnosed yourself. Anyone who believes he or she has suffered a concussion should receive appropriate medical care because there are different degrees of concussion, ranging from mild to serious. Different degrees of concussion require different types of care. Most concussions are not considered a medical emergency and do not require a trip to the emergency room. If you lost consciousness or begin to have symptoms like slurred speech or loss of balance, then you should seek emergency medical attention. Concussions should not be taken lightly. A concussion is, in fact, a brain injury. Any brain injury is a serious issue. Wishing you well!  I am not a doctor, just another mother. My kids are now ages 27, 21, and 16. I would take my children to the doctor pretty quickly (within a day or so) for fever as high as 103 degree F. Although many times, the dr. would say it was something that would pass on it's own and just to provide fever medication and make them comfortable, I never wanted to take a chance that it was something serious that we could catch early. I would consider the following: Does the fever reduce with medication? If so, than you can keep it under control for now. If not, you might use that as criteria to go on in. Is the child drinking normal amounts or more? If so, that is another good sign. Fever can really dehydrate someone. If he/she refuses fluids, can't keep them down, or is drinking less than normal, again, I might use that as criteria to take the child in. I never used eating as a criteria while a child had fever, as long as they could keep something down and would eat a little. Other mothers may disagree with this. This last bit is what my mother, a registered nurse, told me: If in doubt, call or take the child in. You'd rather err on the side of caution when it comes to kids.   Hello friends I had similar problem since almost 10 years. I am M/30 years now. My normal body temperature, when I was not feeling feverish would be about 96.8 F (almost 2 degree Fahrenheit lesser than normal). When I am feeling feverish, the temperature would rise to about 97.ish, rarely reaching 98. No doctor would agree that i have fever since it doesn't show up on thermometer. However, strangely my skin is very hot to touch and even normal person could feel that, but interior body temperature is not. I would feel feverish with chills. I would have episodes of feverish feeling every 2 months or so and every time it would last for a 2-3 weeks. Doctor would prescribe some antibiotics and do some tests, but they were not helpful. I do not have Thyroid or any other deficiency, however I have been recently diagnosed with Celiac disease as well. The reason I write this time, is because something miraculous happened this and I would want others' opinion if it helps relieve your symptoms as well. This might very well be a cure: Treatment: Day1: Take 500mg Paracetamol. After 30 mins take Vitamin C + Zinc supplement Day2: Continue Vitamin C+ Zinc daily for next few days. I got fantastic relief on day 2 onwards and no longer feel hot and my temperature is back to 96.9ish J Waiting for your inputs and wishing a speedy recovery.  I would go see Dr. if I was you.  If you are shaking and having a headache along with your sore throat, you need to see a doctor to look at you immediately. Most sore throats are caused by infections but some infections are more serious than others. A doctor can test your throat to see if you have strep throat or something serious. Go to the doctor right away.  I would be likely to think it is the antibiotics. Do you usually get a rash from running a temperature. I think you should contact your doctor immediately before you take any more medicine. Just my opinion..  If you just absolutely have to lift here and there i would not do any for the first week. Then only here and there for first 6 weeks. You need to make sure your bleeding does not become worse. If it does you should get medical help. It would be best for you not to lift at all the first 6 weeks.  Tylenol and Boniva are safe to take together or at different intervals throughout the day. However, there are a few medications you should not take or should alter the time you take the doses while taking Boniva. Aspirin/NSAIDs can easily, without one knowing, damage the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, causing irritation and possible bleeding. Boniva is also very irritating to the GI system. Therefore, to reduce the irritation to the GI, the medications should not be used adjunctively. Remember, there are over-the-counter NSAIDs as well as prescription NSAIDs. If an NSAID medication is required for another indication than fever, timing is important. Spread out the dose of Boniva from the NSAID. Remember to take Boniva on an empty stomach and the NSAID with food, even if you do not feel stomach irritation. Work with your pharmacist and/or health care provider about timing and evaluating whether both medications should be maintenance therapy. Boniva has a drug interaction with calcium supplements and antacids. These products can decrease the absorption of Boniva, decreasing the effects of the medication. It is not that you cannot take these products, but rather about the timing. Take Boniva 60 minutes, on an empty stomach, prior to taking any calcium supplements and antacids.  fevers are just a result of your immune system fighting off viruses and bacteria. Mild fevers with no other symptoms are perfectly ok and are best untreated. If your fever is accompanied by other symptoms or exceeds 101, then you should see a doctor.  Have you been tested for Mono?  Did they say it was near the hypo thalmus which regulates the body's temperature.  I had rheumatic fever as an adult at 40 yrs old. I didn't know what it was, but I was very sick for several months before I fired my MD and got a new one who put me on strong antibiotics right away. At 54 yrs of age, my mitral valve gave out and I had a new artificial mitral valve put in successfully. Now, at 57 yrs old, I have congestive heart failure and the cardio docs are thinking to put in an all purpose pace maker & defibrilator because of irregular heart rates (high -afib/flutter and low). All of it is directly attributed to a congenital heart murmur which was never followed and got worse over the years. The undiagnosed rheumatic fever was the last kick over the edge. I do not have any clogged arteries because I had always taken care of myself with a vegetarian diet and exercise (hiking, swimming, weight lifting). I have not yet regained all of the prior strength and maybe I never will, but I keep trying. It is baby steps toward progress every day  It helps to understand what a fever is. Some of the answers on here are very misleading, and aren't factual at all.  id advice to seek medical attention right away!!!  Are you old enough to be possibly experiencing menopause? If not, you should consult your doctor and he may want to do a fbs (fasting blood sugar) and check you for diabetes. Drink lots and lots of water, not soft drinks or anything with sugar added, just lots of water.Even if you are not old enough for menopause (though some women do experience it at a young age, even as young as early 30's), this is rare but it could happen. You should see your doctor and let him test you for diabetes, get a complete CBC, and ck all your hormone levels.  This is most likely a problem within your digestive system, either your colon, small intestine and all areas that digest your food after it passes through your stomach. This is quite dangerous as your food is not being properly digested at all and should be treated by a physican. You can start with your PCP, but it sounds as if you need to see a gastroenterologist, this is an MD that specialize in problems with the stomach and the digestive system.  Any of the OTC medications that people take for headache and fever will help for someone that has hypertension, just be sure and read the label carefully. There are many brands of medications on the market that say you can safely take if you have high blood pressure, just be sure you choose one that is safe for someone to take that has high blood pressure. Also, check your blood pressure more often than usual while taking medication.  She needs to be taken back her pediatrition. When you mentioned the sinus infection, you said a "possible" sinus infection. I am assuming it was not established 100% that she did in fact have one, and if she has taken two rounds of antibiotics, and both were different antibiotics, I would take her bak and insist they ck for flu, RSV, bronchitis, etc. My 4 yr old grandaughter had the same thing and when the admitting DR from the ER called her regular Dr, to let them know he was doing an admission, the first thing the pediatrician asked was if the Grandmother was there, meaning me. I am a nurse and they were just blowing my daughter off thinking she was overreacting due to being a first time Mom. It takes abou 5 minutes to do a simple test for RSV, about 10 to ck for the flu and they did none of that, and she had to stay in the hospital about 10 days because they didn't bother to run the proper tests.  Mosquito bites do not cause high fever or hives. Horsefly bites cause high fever and hives. If you get bitten by a mosquito, it just leaves a little red itchy bump. Horsefly bites are more serious. If you are bitten by a horsefly it leaves a huge red bump about 5-8 inches long. And about 3 days later the bump fades away but then you start to get one itchy bump on a part of your body and if you scratch you break out in the known reaction as hives. The best cure for hives is an oatmeal bath or milk of magnesia. And of course rest.  Yes. Definitely see a doctor right away.  I could be an allergy, but I am not sure as I never have had any allergies. I am wondering could be something more, as I only have one good eye and when the blurring happens I can not see.  This is exactly what happens in a condition recognized by Chinese medicine call "Empty Heat" or "Empty Fire" "The clinical manifestations of Empty Heat in general (irrespective of organ) are: - a feeling of heat in the afternoon/evening - a dry mouth with desire to drink in small sips - malar flush (red cheekbones) - a dry throat at night - a feeling of heat in the chest and palms and soles (also called A5-palm heat@) - dry stools - scanty-dark urine - a Floating-Empty and Rapid pulse - a red tongue without coating." http://maciociaonline.blogspot.com/2012/06/empty-heat.html Applying cold to the outside like air conditioning will only keep the internal heat inside of your body. see the url above for more information. Western Medicine does not yet understand this pattern of symptoms. I would recommend seeing a competent Traditional Chinese Medical Doctor in your area, preferably , a Traditional Chinese Medical doctor (The difference can be more that 5 years of study and clinical education)  Yes, it can, but it is a fairly rare occurrence. Not sure where the bursitis is, but a car ride that long could cause anyone pain , especially someone with issues that can be aggravated like yours. If you had to take less meds to do the drive, that could cause a pain spike as well.  give her fever reducers and lots of fluids, it is probably just a stomach bug. If it doesn't get better within 4 to 5 days take her to her pediatrician  Get a second opinion! I had symptoms and just knew something wasn't right. I also got cleared by the first doctor but kept going until I found one that figured it out (4 doctors later)! Mine started with I was 16 so I know how she feels! But she knows her body best and knows when something isn't right. Keep searching! Best of luck  Except for the fever, it sounds like my daughter. When she was 10, she got a bad virus, she did have a fever at that point, and never got better. We went to Mayo Clinic after 2 years of being sick and undiagnosed( we went to every specialist that exists). She has POTS. She is still chronically ill, but can now function enough to go to school.  I had something similar. Call the doctor, blood tests may be necessary for a recurring fever.  You could actually have the flu so you want to stay home from work and rest! This doesnt mean you get to go to the mall or to the movies. You can take Tylenol or acetaminophen for fever, aches, and pains. You should focus on staying well-hydrated and eating a normal diet as much as you can. If you don't start to feel better in a few days, or develop a high fever, contact your health care provider for further evaluation.  Anemia does not usually cause fever and chills. Some common symptoms of anemia include fatigue, dizziness, shortness of breath, rapid heart rate and pale skin. Here is a link to an article that discusses anemia symptoms in detail. http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/understanding-anemia-symptoms <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p> Take care  It sounds like internal hemrroids. When bowel passes through the spincter muscles, it could be causing the pain.  Yes, it is safe to take acetaminophen with Vyvanse. There are no drug interactions. You should always ask your pharmacist before taking any over the counter medication to be sure it is right for you.  Fever reducers are taken more to make a person comfortable than to reduce a fever. There is no medical reason for the average person to reduce a fever unless they feel bad and are seeking relief. An adult should take a fever reducer when they feel sick enough to need one.  Acetaminophen and ibuprofen are the two best over-the-counter fever relievers. You should check with your pharmacist to determine the proper dose for the patient. Also, keep in mind that most fevers occur due to some sort of infection. So it is usually recommended that you see your doctor if you are running a fever.  Yes. It is safe to use Tylenol with Buspar and Ritalin. There are no significant interactions between the medications.  Yes. It is safe to combine Tylenol with amoxicillin. I suggest you speak with your pharmacist first, who can help you choose the best product and tell you how much Tylenol to give your child based on how much your child weighs.  While there are no drug interactions between acetaminophen and ibuprofen, it is usually unnecessary to take both medications to treat a fever. Doing so can cause confusion, and dosing errors have been reported when parents try to alternate ibuprofen and acetaminophen to treat children's fevers. Be sure to talk to your pharmacist before giving your child anything to treat a fever. He or she can help you choose the best product and determine the right dose to give your child.  The proper dose of ibuprofen for your son, based on his age and weight, is 200 mg. Therefore, it would be fine to give him one 200 mg tablet every six to eight hours as needed for his fever.  Yes. It is OK to give your child Tylenol if they have taken an antihistamine. There are no drug interactions to be worried about between the two medications. Always consult your pharmacist before giving your child over-the-counter medications. He/she can help you find the best product and advise you on how to give your child the proper dose.  As long as it has been six hours since the ibuprofen, you can give him acetaminophen now.  Before making any recommendations, I would really need some additional information about your daughter and the medications she is using. ...It is unlikely that a medication for impetigo, or an eye drop medicine, would interfere with any over-the-counter fever reducers. So it is likely to be fine. I would suggest you ask your pharmacist to recommend a medication to reduce your daughter's fever based on her age, weight, and the other medications she's taking.  I'm sorry our little one is going through this. The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends keeping children off solid food for the first 24 hours after vomiting. To ensure enough fluids have her sip water, drink electrolyte replacement drinks like Pedialyte, sip on broth and suck on popsicles. You want to slowly work back to her regular diet. If things don't improve, call her pediatrician.  Remember that any fever in a newborn infant (under 3 months of age) needs prompt medical attention, because at that age its hard to tell when a serious infection might be present. A fever is the bodys natural response to infection or other illness and will subside when the underlying process gets better. Other than treating the infection (or other condition) causing it, no home treatments can shorten the duration of a fever. Also remember that fever doesnt always need to be treated. If a toddler is acting normally and unbothered by her fever, and her temperature is less than 104 degrees (40 degrees Celsius), theres no need to treat the fever. For a fever thats high or is bothering your toddler, either acetaminophen (Mapap, Tylenol) or ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin) are good treatments. Youll need to know your toddlers weight (dont guess) and use the dosing guidelines on the package. Its best to stick with one medicine if you can. If you feel you need to use multiple drugs, call your pediatricians office. Dont ever use aspirin to treat a childs fever, as it increases the risk for Reyes syndrome. If sponging with water helps your child with a fever feel better, use a warm bath (not cool), with water around 85 degrees.  Any fever in the first months could indicate a significant infection requiring immediate attention. All children under two months old with a true fever need a medical evaluation. Call your doctor to check up on fevers for at least the first four to six months of your babys life. But fever is only part of the story. An even more important question is: does your newborn look unwell? If your baby appears to be sick in any way - irritability, listlessness, lethargy, poor feeding, respiratory distress, rash, vomiting, diarrhoea, etc - contact your doctor, even if the temperature is not high enough to be called a fever.  Get yourself checked for a UTI.  Unfortunately, it is possible to get the flu even if you had the flu shot. The effectiveness of the shot depends mainly on two things: the health of the person getting the shot, and the match of the viruses in the vaccine with those causing the flu that season. Before each flu season starts, the worlds major health organizations study the pattern of viruses present across the globe. They then recommend which viruses should be included in the next years flu vaccine. This years vaccine (2012) contains three separate viruses. It is also important to know that there are many other viruses besides the flu that circulate during the flu season. The flu shot will not prevent you from getting any of these other viruses. If you have flu symptoms , contact your doctor. He or she will be able to tell you if the flu is already present in your state. If so, they may suggest an antiviral medication or other treatments to help with your symptoms. I hope you feel better soon.  Yes, indeed.  Could be C-Diff go the ER now!!  Can I take Mucinex DM while I am taking a Z Pack?  Hi sounds like you have a fever, could be just the flu, just try drinking a lot more, take some simple pain killers to help the pains if its not gone in a couple more days get to your doctor, or see him/her now. Good Luck  Hi And you are male? or female? And of what age? It all helps to get the right answer. Just come back through answer this, above.  Hi Please don't over nervous just because of a couple of razor cuts, the pains sound like you may have the flu coming on or could be you just slept heavy, just take pain relief with a good hot drink and relax, should do you the world of good. Good Luck  Hi Going on the first bit, it sounds like he has a yeast infection, which he has passed on to you, so its either off to the doctor or an STD/GUM Clinic, and this means both of you, its best you get treated together, other wise it will just keep going back and forth between you both. So you get your meds and please do as they say, if its no sex till the meds are gone then do it that way. Do hope this helps you both. Good Luck  Hi By fever do you mean sweaty nights, I think your find its a common thing amongst men, and if you read up about it, your find men do sweat more than women. Perhaps your husband is like me, some night you could float me out of the bed, never anything wrong with me, its just the way I'm built, could be the same with your hubby. End of the day we just sweat at nights. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Seems your passing your uterine lining, its quite a normal thing for women to do, most of the time you would not see this happen. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi NO stay at home, get well, would you like to know somebody had been coughing over your food before you eat it, Come on, stay home, get well. Good Luck  Hi, Hey a nice warm bath is relaxing anytime, and yes it will help soothe any pain you have try chucking a couple of handfuls of sea salt in, it will help as well. Good Luck  Hi, Before you go any further you should seek proper medical advice, you need to think of your young child's health instead stuffing it full of OTC drugs. hope this helps Good Luck  Hi The best thing would be to find a free clinic, and see the doctor there. Good Luck  Hi, May sound silly could be just trapped wind, it can do this, gives great pain all around the torso at times. Try some very strong mints or some peppermint cordial, just take this very strong, then go for a walk, should shift it very soon. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like somebody has tonsillitis, I would get her to her doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi If your not in Africa or Texas why even think Ebola? See your doctor it could be a number of things, starting from the flu upwards. Good Luck  Hi, Sounds like summer flu, just treat it as you would flu in the winter, hot drinks, pain killers and drink lots of fluids, if you don't feel like eating then don't Just stay in bed and sweat it out. Good Luck  Hi Osama, Sounds like you just have the flu, these pain killers you need to be taken them every 4 hours, till your fever goes, that means your over the worst bit. Slowly your appetite will come back, why your in bed drink lots of hot drinks and water. Your soon be back to normal. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi If this was not a vets advice? then you should not be given human drugs to your dog unless you were advised to, by a vet. Get your dog to a vet ASAP, tell him/her what you have been giving it. Good Luck  Hi I think your find if you have a cold or as your saying chest problems, they will say no. But it would be best if you get in touch with your hospital, to be best informed. Good Luck  Hi, Any discharge from the vagina, you should go see your doctor, it would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi If you have no other symptom's,? then restart your life, so off you go and see that cousin, she's waiting. Good Luck  Hi I Would get off and see your doctor ASAP. Its a bit hard to put a finger on just what you have, its to vague. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like he has pulled or torn a muscle, the best thing he van do is rest , ice pack it, a pack of frozen peas will done, then he just keeps putting them back in the freezer, don't eat them, do it 3 times a day, the slowly get back in to the swing of things, but he must not rush it. keep him off any vigorous sex till then, you will have to be on top, but slowly. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Not sure what to do, try seeing your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi, OK it seems if you already have one type of HSV, it is harder to get the other type. Thats because the virus causes the body to produce antibodies that provide some crossover protection against the other type should it entering the body. Thats why when a person with a prior HSV infection does contract the other type, the first episode tends to be less sever than in a person who has no prior antibodies. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Pneumonia, does not pass on. But you say you have had a fever, and with these other symptoms, sounds like you have had the flu and now you getting over it, this is what happens, you just need to rest and eat well, rebuild up your energy levels. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have a read of this link lots of info that should help you. http://www.patient.co.uk/doctor/Cat-Scratch-Disease.htm Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Good Luck  Hi Found you this, do you think its this? One particular virus (called Coxsackie), seen most often during the summer and fall, may cause the child to have a somewhat higher fever, more difficulty swallowing, and a sicker overall feeling. If your child has a Coxsackie infection, she also may have one or more blisters in her throat and on her hands and feet (often called Hand, Foot, and Mouth disease). Infectious mononucleosis can produce a sore throat, often with marked tonsillitis; however, most young children who are infected with the mononucleosis virus have few or no symptoms. What do you think? same or not? Good Luck  Hi That's how we all get after flu, just treat her cough with a cough medicine which should sort out her throat as well, and slowly her appetite will come back, when that happens her strength will come back as well, and she will feel a better, so cant see why you need a doctor? Good Luck  Hi Why not just call your doctor first, just try sicking to the Ibuprofen for the next 24 hours, and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi If your getting stools coming out of your vagina please seek help ASAP if you cant see your doctor ASAP get to the ER. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sorry but if that was my child, now would be the time for a doctor call, the fever could something that needs attention now. Good Luck  Hi You do not give human drugs to animals if your that worried go see your vet, best advice. If not just keep him/her off food for 24 hours, then just feed him/her have some scrambled eggs, and just let it drink plain boiled water and no milk, that should perk it up. Then just give it some plain food, mix in some cooked pasta as well. Good Luck  Hi, There is no absolutely right or wrong reading for PSA. The level can be raised in several conditions other than prostate cancer. The reading also tends to rise as men get older. If your PSA is only slightly raised, you may have an enlarged prostate, but not cancer. Your doctor is likely to ask you if you have any symptoms that might indicate a possible prostate cancer. These include problems passing urine, weight loss, low back pain, blood in the urine, and problems getting an erection (impotence). A PSA level that is high for a person's age means a doctor should make an urgent referral to a specialist for further investigations. These include a transrectal ultrasound and a needle biopsy of the prostate. A biopsy means taking a small sample of tissue to examine. This is the only sure way to diagnose prostate cancer. If cancer cells are seen in the biopsy sample when it is looked at under a microscope, there is proof of cancer. Strictly speaking if no cancer cells are found, your doctor couldn't be certain there were no cancer cells in the whole prostate. A specialist in prostate diseases (a urologist) has to take the results of all the tests together to make a diagnosis or rule cancer out. I do hope t5his helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Well he is 78 for a start, has his valley fever gone, or does it still hang around, He could try simple Boric acid for that, it kills fungus, you just need a 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water and drink through the day, you could also put him on some DHEA, this will boost his testosterone, lift his libido and kick up his energy levels, but you need to read up about that one first, it can have the odd funny side effect with the odd person, now you could also back it up with some Tribulus, this runs along the same lines as DHEA, so they work with one and other. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Could be testosterone levels are fluctuating when they go low up goes your temperature, and you get a hot flush or premature andropause. It seems hot flush's and low testosterone do go together. You may want to get your testosterone checked out, a blood test will do it. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your best plan would be go get a blood test done from this your doctor can tell how your hormones are doing, and this would tell you were you are with the menopause. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes you can either go sit in the sun, naked if you can, no sun creams or oils, just O natural, the sun reacts with you blood gets turned into vitamin in your kidneys. Or you can go get some vitamin D tablets/capsules, either sould do it for you. Me I jus love being out in the sun, and yes O natural, I do believe it keeps you healthy. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi One of ours did that she's now 47 and a Mum, never seamed to affect her. As they say a little bit of dirt never hurt anybody, helps build up resistance to germs. Good Luck  Hi Look sorry short on time but check this out, oral gonorrhoea (also termed pharyngeal gonorrhoea ) just google that last bit your find lots of info and symptoms. Good Luck  Discharge could be a number of things. You'll never know for sure until you get tested. I'd recommend you go see a doctor just to be on the safe side.  If I were you I'd get my ear examined by an ENT specialist. I had a problem in my ear in the past and visited a general physician who cleaned my ear & gave me some antibiotics advised me to visit an ENT specialist if the problem persists. The problem persisted and I visited ENT specialist and was treated for the problem which was cured in 4 weeks.  Did you take your temperature to see if your body temp is lower than the room temp and by how much?  I've read the stomach bug Norovirus attacks the small intestine and the body then releases antibodies that kill off the lining of the small intestine to fight off the virus. This would probably be shed as mucus in the diarrhea. That's one possibility.  I know this was a year ago, so I'm answering it only because if someone else has similar symptoms, he or she may see this. Your description most closely matches that of a severe UTI, probably a raging kidney infection, and if you didn't go to an Emergency Department of a local hospital for immediate treatment, I hate to think what would have happened to you by now! I used to get them a lot; in fact, last time I was in the hospital, they discovered I had a UTI. I hope you got treatment. Anyone with your symptoms should consider them a true emergency. We human beings cannot live without our kidneys!  My normal temp is 97.4, and I have always considered that I have "more" of a fever at, say, 102.2, than a person whose temperature tends to run 98.6 - because it's more of a difference. However, I've had little luck in getting people in the medical profession to take that seriously, because the myth still seems so pervasive that EVERYBODY'S "normal" is 98.6, though it has long since been proven that that isn't true! The important thing is that YOU know you have a high fever. I hope you're taking care of whatever is causing it. I was running a terrible fever last week and could not get in to see the doctor until tomorrow morning: better late than never. If you have a virus, bed rest, fluids, and palliative remedies should help; if you have a bacterial infection, your doctor may want to prescribe an antibiotic depending on what you have. Of course, antibiotics don't help viruses. Whatever you do, don't try to be a "hero" while sick and keep plodding on through work and duties; not only will you harm your health and put yourself at risk, you will infect everyone else around you. Resting while sick isn't self-indulgent, even though our crazy culture says it is; it's common sense. You'll get better much faster too. Feel Better!  Hate to suggest this but it could be a reoccurence of the menopause symtoms. I thought I was done with it at 55 but the symptons came back at age 63. Maybe you should check with your gyno or family doc for a checkup. Ahhh being a woman is so much fun! good luck.  go see a dermatologist to make sure it is not skin cancer.  Your doctor may either need to up the dosage of your bp med or try another one all together. Make sure you take you med regularly and around the same time of day. I take mine in the am. good luck  If you are sick, it could easily affect your period. It's not necessarily the diarrhea that's messing it up; your body could just not be bleeding to save energy for dealing with you being sick. It wouldn't hurt to call your doctor to make sure he or she doesn't think anything else is wrong, but anything that stresses out your body (extreme exercise, extreme diet, weight loss, illness) can alter your menstruation.  http://www.ehow.com/facts_5614748_signs-_amp_-symptoms-mold-ingestion.html  http://www.wdxcyber.com/nmood12.htm  Fever is the bodys natural response to fighting off infection or inflammation. Fever is most prevalent as a response in the younger crowd. The older we get, the less often we get fevers to help us get better. Fever is good and should not be feared, no matter what grandma told you, or what you have heard. Fever is just a sign, not a disease. School authorities will exclude children since they have no idea what the child is biologically cooking. If children have a contagious illness, the fever stage  those first few days of an illness  would be time when they are most contagious. With that said, exposure to an infectious disease, like a common cold or even strep, does not necessarily imply that the person exposed will get it. Many schools and day care facilities require that a child be fever-free for 24 hours before coming back to the herd. This is probably a reasonable parameter, but 24 hours after getting back into that classroom, the child can get another viral infection and the dance will continue. There are no rules that a child with one viral infection cant get another. Many kids, especially those new to school or day care, will seem to have one, continuous cold, lasting months. In reality, they have had many, overlapping (coalescing) viral infections during this period  a new cold starting before the first one went away. Some fever facts: * Kids will be excluded from school or day care with fever. Period. Schools set their own rules, whether we necessarily agree with them or not. * Fever in kids will cost you a lot of missed days at work. Period. * Fever is the bodys normal response to fighting off an illness  a good thing. It does not require treatment unless the child is uncomfortable. * Lowering body temperature does not shorten the course of an illness; if anything, it may prolong it. * Fevers that occur early in a viral illness are expected and should be welcomed. Fevers later in an illness may be a sign of a secondary infection. * Keep your cool. Fever is a sign, not a disease. Statistically, fevers in kids indicate a viral infection; but not always. Your medical provider is your best resource to determine the significance and reason for a fever.  Yes.  There are many, many reasons to have a mild temperature elevation. As a matter of fact, dependind on the TIME OF DAY that you took the temperature, a temp of 100 could be considered a variation of normal. The normal body temperture hovers around 99 and tends to be a bit higher in the evening; lower in the mornings. Fever is usually the body's normal response to fighting of an infection (viruses, like colds) or respond to inflammation. While autoimmune disorders can be on this extensive list of reasons for a mild fever, it would not be high on the list. You would need to see your medical provider for a thorough medical history, some diagnostic tests, and a careful examination to determine if an autoimmune disorder was the underlying reason. It is not really necessary to treat a fever, especially a mild one, with ibuprofen or acetaminophen. Remember, this is a normal response and fever helps with our immune response. Unless you are particularly uncomfortable, a fever can be just left alone  Painful urination with blood; especially in someone who is diabetic, is a urinary tract infection until otherwise proven. Yes, you need to see a medical provider, but not necessarily the ER (this is not an emergency-- a regular medical office or urgent care facility would be fine (and less expensive). In the meantime, drink plenty of water.  NO...Swimming, exposure to water, or going outside is not going to make your sick.  Not usually. Swimmer's ear (otitis externa) typically causes inflammation only in the ear canal. Fever is usually associated with more systemic (whole body) reactions. Fever is the body's NORMAL response to fighting off infection and inflammation, but that response may not be coming from the ears. Please keep in mind that a person can have more than one medical issue at the same time -- those symptoms need not be related. For instance, a person can have a viral infection resulting in fever, as well as having swimmer' ear due to something else.  Fever is generally harmless. As a matter of fact, fever helps fight infection so it is more therapeutic than dangerous. Fevers under 105 in older children is not uncommon. Any fever in babies under 6 months are taken more seriously, but as the child ages, seasoned medical providers do not get excited...certainly not as excited about fever as parents. I have been treating children for over four decades and I have not encountered a fever (alone) that would prompt an ER visit, but of course, that is me. It is not the fever that is the issue but rather the CAUSE of the fever and those other symptoms that accompany the fever. For instance, a fever with a severe sore throat could be Strep, or a fever with a dozen other cold symptoms could just mean a viral infection. A fever with lethargy, stiff neck, and a very ill-appearing child could be meningitis. Roseola, a common childhood illness, can mount a fever in the 105 range for three days in a row before the characteristic rash appears. During the fever stage, this high temp certainly gets attention. Fever is probably one of the most misunderstood and improperly treated symptoms (it is not a disease) that people encounter, so the more your read about it, the better you will be informed, and the more comfortable you will be when you see it again....and again....and again. Comfort comes with practice, but until you can keep you cool when kids are HOT, you will need to engage the expertise of your friendly medical provider.  I am sorry, but this is a request that WebMD Answers cannot provide. We do not recommend specific doctors or clinics. There are really no "vasovagal syncope" doctors per se. Any licensed medical provider should be able to help you, or go to a clinic that provides medications and immunizations for travelers.  Here is a straight answer. If you have a newborn that YOU diagnoses as having the "stomach flu", then go STRAIGHT to your pediatrician so your baby can be properly examined and treated -- things that cannot be done blindly over the Internet. Newbors do not usually get "stomach flu" so you would be wise not to rely on on-line information. The baby needs to be seen. WebMD is not the same as your doctor's answering service. We do not know anything about your baby (not even the age) nor can we diagnose or treat them. You may think that this sucks, but these are the reality of getting information/advice on-line  You need to involve his medical provider if you are unclear as to the cause of the symptoms or their significance. For instance, if a child has a history of asthma or pneumonia, they need medical intervention sooner than a child who doesn't have this history. If your two-year old had flu vaccine this year, he is less likely to get influenza; if not, he may need to be seen early since influenza can be treated in the first two days. So, his medical history plays a huge role, as well as your comfort in dealing with his fever and cough. When in doubt, seek medical help.....  You do not have to treat a fever , especially one this low. Fever is the body's normal response to fighting off an infection or inflammation. It is okay to give her some ibuprofen (much better than acetaminophen/Tylenol) to make her feel better, but you do not have to treat a fever. Fevers are not only harmless, they are therapeutic. The cause of a fever can be in the thousands, so please see her medical provider if she continues to be ill after two more days, or any time that you feel it is needed.  Diarrhea is not a symptom that is consistent with influenza. Influenza is a respiratory disease with fever (yes, it can be as high as 103) and coughing; body aches, chills, etc. If your daughter is having severe diarrhea, influenza is not the cause, and a flu vaccine would not have prevented this gastroenteritis. She most definitely picked up a pathogen of some sort, usually a virus, but she will need to see a medical provider for a proper examination.  Assuming your "strep" was lab confirmed and diagnosed, I would not be too concerned with those white bumps right now. White bumps, incidentally, is not a definitive sign of strep. These can be seen with a variety of different viruses and can even be trapped food particles, not pus. It would not be wise or recommended to change your dose of penicillin. Penicillin is the drug of choice for Strep, so if you do have it, then this will work. The fact that you are improving is a better sign. Swimming in the pool is not relevant. Swimming does not cause or contribute to any diseases (no matter what your grandmother told you).  The most common cause of sore throat is a virus, and most will last about a week, unless of course, you are developing a particularly nasty viral infection called mononucleosis (mono). If your sore throat does not resolve in a week, your doctor should consider ordering a mono test (EBV panel). Hopefully, you had a culture done (takes 2-3 days), since rapid Strep tests are not 100% accurate. As far as what to do about your "extreme pain", I am at a loss, since I really have no way of seeing your throat, or review your medical history. Gargling with warm saline (1/4 tsp of table salt with 8 oz of warm water) can help. Ibuprofen can help. Again, it is not typical to have extreme pain with a simple viral sore throat, so you may need to be re-examined.  How did it happen? Depending on the strain of Staph (MRSA), it may have been hospital-acquired. There are also community-acquired strains, but based on your posting of multiple antibiotics and a rarely used one, I suspect that she had a hospital-acquired MRSA.  That is really not a fever. Temperatures can vary up to two degrees from morning (the lowest temperature) to evening (the highest temperature). I agree with your surgeon...it is nothing to worry about. And, human body temperature is not affected by barometric pressure.  I can't answer that since I do not know your diagnosis? Your medical provider appears to have treated you for both influenza (Did you have a rapid test to confirm it?) and some sort of bacterial infection requiring antibiotics. I just do not know enough about your case to accurately comment on your state of contagiousness, so I suggest that you call your medical provider....the person who is treating you.  I have no idea what your medical provider is treating or if Zithromax was the appropriate treatment for your diagnosis. Antibiotic do not work for viral infections, nor does Zithromax work for everything.... I would suggest that you call your medical provider for patient-specific advice in this matter. Some viral infections have fevers that can last 3-4 days, no matter what medication you are taking.  You didn't really ask a question, but nothing you have shared is that alarming. This is typical of a viral infection, but as you know, I have no way of blindly diagnosing or treating your grand-daughter over the Internet, so you will need to have her properly examined if the symptoms persist or worsen.  No, of course not. Fever is an individual response and not all infants or children get a fever after a vaccine.  I have no way of knowing the accuracy of your diagnosis, but Swimmer's ear is usually not treated so aggressively. Since I do not know what you are taking or if these prescriptions are appropriate, your only recourse ios to be examined again. I am not a big fan of using an emergency room for this problem, but sometimes it is your only option. Don't drive on "pain-killers"...let someone else take you.  Assuming you are an adult, fever is often not present with a simple cold. Fever is common in children, but not adults. This is really not influenza season right now, but of course, I do not know what area of the world that you live. Influenza can definitely cause fever, but the absence or presence of a fever is not necessary to make a diagnosis. Unfortunately, I have no way of determining what you have over the Internet, based solely on your brief posting.  A varicella-vaccinated child who is re-exposed to chicken pox may get a "sub-clinical" case....one that is very, very mild. However, there are dozens of other viral illnesses that can cause those vague symptoms of low-grade fever, and a few non-specific skin bumps. It may be premature to assume he has chicken pox. Observation only would be a prudent course of action at this point. Chicken pox, even the sub-clinical cases, will tend to worsen for a few days, so your answer may be more obvious. If he wakes up tomorrow and his bumps have resolved, then it probably was not chicken pox.  Yes. It is safe.  A fever is the body's NORMAL response to fighting off a pathogen (virus, bacteria), or respond to inflammation. There can be HUNDREDS of reasons for a child to get a recurrent fever, but in most cases, it tends to be one or more of the over 200 respiratory viruses. Fevers are not dangerous, but finding the reason is important, so I am glad you are seeing his doctor.  The fever is harmless and will help her fight this viral infection. Most patients with influenza start improving on day four, so just make her comfortable. It is okay to use ibuprofen or acetaminophen for the body aches, headaches, etc. that go along with the flu, but you really should not let the thermometer determine when you use it. Her temperature does not need to be 98.6 in order for her to get well. It's okay to treat the fever to make her feel better, but it is not medically necessary. Make sure you are giving the proper dose of ibuprofen for her weight....many parents under-dose their teenagers.  Unfortunately, there are no special creams or ointments to help this peeling, but you can use any non-perfumed moisturizing lotion to help the desquamation (the peeling of the skin). The skin will completely recover in time...scarlet fever does not leave scars.  I am very sorry, but we do not know anything about your grandson....not even his age. Headaches and fever are very non-specific symptoms and could be signs of HUNDREDS, if not thousands of different medical problems. If he has not been carefully examined, this would be your first step. He needs a diagnostic work-up.  Yes, but she should only need ONE antihistamine. Adult strength Zyrtec would be my choice since it lasts 24 hours. Benadryl is quite sedating and lasts only four hours or so.  Absolutely. A cold is a viral infection, and a fever is just one of the ways the body fights this infection. A fever can also be a sign of a secondary bacterial infection, so if you are not improving or getting sicker, it would be best to see your medical provider.  What are you treating? Fevers in children are not dangerous. As a matter of fact, fevers are therapeutic by helping to fight infection. The only reason to give a child ibuprofen or acetaminophen would be for comfort, and it is certainly okay to do that. Many people -- mostly those fearful of fever -- use both alternating acetaminophen and ibuprofen, but studies have not proven that this is really necessary. Is it safe? Probably; they are two different drugs. I tell my patient to just pick one and use it sparingly. If they want me to choose, I go for the ibuprofen. It lasts longer, is anti-inflammatory, and is safer. Benadryl use in children is iffy, too. It can dry up a runny nose for 2-4 hours, but then it wears off and has to be repeated again. In adults, Benadryl can make you sleepy, but in children, it can actually stimulate them (this is called a paradoxical effect). Benadryl is safe if your child is not having any adverse effects.  Not knowing the type of spider (venomous or not) or the age/wieght of your son,. I would advise you to seek medical care. An area of swelling the "size of an orange" is very concerning.  Fevers are not harmful, but right now you do not know the CAUSE of the fever since he cannot tell you if "something hurts", for instance. Most medical providers familiar with children do not get excited about a fever (it is not very high, incidentally), but it would behoove you to get him checked out. A good clinician will not treat him if he does not have anything that is treatable....namely, a viral infection (the most common cause of fever in this age group). Hospital ERs will be an expense way to get him examined; an urgent care my be better. Don't worry about those warm showers....they are not very helpful. The ibuprofen is fine, but remember that you are really treating for comfort since the fever is NOT harmful. If anything, it is helping him get better....fever is one of the body's most powerful immune responses. Most viruses only last a week and the fevers that accompany them typically only last 3-4 days. This could really be his last day of fever. If he seems fine....is comfortable....and is not showing any signs of pain or discomfort, you could wait another day. If he is still having fevers tomorrow, you can try and see his regular pediatrician. Your choice, of course.  Fever is the body's response to inflammation or infection. Amoxicillin is only effective for a BACTERIAL infection (like Strep). It is absolutely no effect on viruses. A person can contract a virus anytime, even while taking an antibiotic. Fever doesn't really shock or bother medical professionals as much as it does parents, but I cannot blindly tell you the significance of this brief, transient fever. I do not know anything about your son, what you really mean by a "spike", so when in doubt, call his medical provider -- someone who knows him, his particular case, and someone that can offer you the patient-specific advice that you really need.  An accurate diagnosis is not made by symptoms alone. Without knowing your medical history and have the ability to examine you first-hand, there is really no way that a medical professional could determine "what you have". I am sorry, but you will need to seek proper medical care.  Yes, that is the best course. Actually, that is the ONLY course that can be taken since viral infections do not respond to antibiotics. Fever is harmless. Fever is actually beneficial, so it does not need to treated. You can treat discomfort, of course. As long as the vomiting has stopped, and the diarrhea is not too bad, the best treatment is to maintain hydration, either with water or commercially-available electrolyte solutions. Do not treat the diarrhea...this must "run its course", so to speak. It has been said that viruses last about a week if you treat them, and seven days if you leave them run its course. Most viruses improve on day three or four, so the worst days are likely over. The fever response should be abating soon. Her doctor was correct. Not doing anything...other than supportive care...is the treatment of choice for stomach viral infections.  See an ENT...that would be your next step. Some tonsil remnants can regenerate over time if all tissue was not removed when you were two, especially when you are sick now (tonsils are really lymph tissue).  The most likely culprit is a viral infection. Fever and/or chills are quite common in children for the first three days of a viral illness. At her age and association with other children, a child can have more than one viral infection at the same time. Fever is not dangerous and a temp of 101 does not necessarily need treatment unless she is uncomfortable.  Headaches are really non-specific. They can occur with of illnesses and conditions. Ibuprofen (Motrin) reduces fever and pain (including headache pain), so this was the normal response to using this medication.  You are treating a fever incorrectly.....! First, fever is harmless and does not need to be treated. Second, you don't ever use rubbing alcohol sponge baths since this does tend to raise the temperture when the thermal sensors on the skin send signals to the brain the this child is "cold". This causes shivering, and shivering raises body temperature. You also do not wrap up a child to "sweat it out". As a matter of fact, sweating allows the body to naturally cool when air is passed over it. This is not a very high fever at all. If you want to give her some acetaminophen or ibuprofen, then this is fine. Keep her well hydrated and out of those baths! Most febrile events in children are caused by simple viral infections, so you can certainly see her regular medical provider if you are concerned. Going to the ER would not likely be indicated.  Otorrhea (fluid leaking from the ear) is most likely from a ruptured eardrum (not as serious as it sounds), but of course, this is just a guess since I have no way of examining him. The Ciprodex should help, but many medical providers would also use an appropriate ORAL antibiotic. There is absolutely no way to determine (even if I could examine him) the duration of this drainage. It will stop as the rupture heals. Fever rarely concerns me. It is just the body's way of fighting the infection. Fever alone is not an indication to rush the ER, so if your child is comfortable, just wait until Monday and speak with the ENT. Of course, you know your son the best, so use your best judgment in this case.  Sore throats can be caused by MANY things....viral infections, bacterial infections (like Strep), mono, post nasal drainage from sinusitis, breathing through your mouth when your nose is clogged, cigarettes, allergy....LOTS of things. Can it last two weeks? You bet. It is possible for me or any medical provider to be able to determine a specific cause or a treatment over the Internet? No.... Insurance or financial constraint or not, the ONLY way you can be properly diagnosed and treated is to SEE a medical provider. I know medical care is pricey, but so is gasoline, car repairs, plumbers, and just about anything else. Sometimes, you just have to allocate some of your limited resources to YOURSELF.  I can't examine you, of course, but these knots are most likely reactive lymph nodes . You would need to see your medical provider to determine WHY this is happening.  A fever is very non-specific -- there can be many things causing his fever, but if he has an ear infection, this is the most likely culprit. Most ear infections are preceded by a cold, so even colds can cause fevers of this magnitude, but unfortunately, I do not know enough about your child or his particular case to know if "something else" is going on. Don't let a fever frighten you. Children can get some pretty impressive fevers. Medical providers rarely get excited with fevers under 105F in a one-year-old.... Children tend to get higher fevers because their immune system is not very good (the fever helps fight infection), and their "cooling system" is not very efficient (we cool by sweating over a large skin surface area, so the smaller the body, the less cooling). Most fevers should improve on day three or four of the illness, but if it does not, or if you child is experiencing any other worrisome symptoms, you will need to have him re-examined.  You need a diagnosis first....not something that I can provide for you blindly over the Internet. Unless the true nature of this "hard lump" is known, and the reason for your night fevers (they do not have to be related), there is really no way for me, or any medical professional for that matter, to know if you need an antibiotic, let alone a specific antibiotic without an examination. Your first and most important step is to be properly examined and diagnosed. I would suggest that you NOT self-treat this lump with clindamycin since this may interfere with a culture, if your doctor feels this is needed.  Yes. Fever is the body's natural response to fighting off an infection.  You can treat the pain with ibuprofen or acetaminophen. He can gargle with some WEAK saline solution (1/4 tsp of salt with 8 oz of warm water). The the throat pain is viral, it will self-resolve in a few day to a week, however, if he could possibly have Strep, he will need to see his/her medical provider to be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  They can be used together, but this homepathic cough medicine is really not designed to STOP a cough, and may not even help. Seven month olds are very vulnerable to colds now that their maternal immunity has worn off, and they are also teething. Use a cold mist humidifier.....suck out any mucous in the nose with a bulb syringe (even if they hate it!)....and use saline nasal spray. The average child gets between 6-9 colds every year, so you will get use to them.  Not likely....  In an adult, it is not necessary to mount a fever response to Strep. Some people do; most people do not. So, you can still have Strep....you were certainly exposed, assuming your son was correctly diagnosed. Any chance you can get a Strep test? Some clinicians will just treat symptomatic parental contacts, but that would be totally up to the discretion of the clinician.  No, the penicillin did not cause his gums to bleed. This was just a coincidence, but bleeding gums are a sign of gingivitis, so it may be wise to consult his dentist.  I agree with you...testing him for Strep would have been prudent, although he was not experiencing a severe sore throat. There can be other reasons (intestinal virus) to account for his array of symptoms. Preventing dehydration is essential. I suspect he is nauseated, so there are medicines that can be prescribed so that he can drink fluids without vomiting. Call his medical provider. Some immediate signs of dehydration includes lack of tears, dry mouth, and a reduced urine flow. If he is experiencing these, he should be re-evaluated immediately by his medical provider.  Allergy to milk products would not cause a high fever, but you can ask for a MILK IGA -- a blood test to look from milk allergies. Many people have lactose intolerance, but this is not considered a true allergy.  It is very difficult for me to comment on your case, since I do not know any of the details, including the reason for the antibitoics in the first place. Not all "swollen glands" are bacterial, so if you a a viral infection, they would not help (no matter what antibiotic you chose) If you are getting worse, it is up to your doctor to run some additional diagnostic test. I think this would be better than just throwing another (a 4th) antibiotic at it without really knowing if the underlying reason justifies it.  Viral gastroenteritis is very prevalent this time of year. Please keep in mind that this is just a blind guess, since I have no way of examining you. The most important thing is FLUID REPLACEMENT. You must stay well-hydrated. Don't eat very much for a few more days....most of these viral infections resolve in about 7-10 days, so hang in there. At least you are not vomiting, so be greatful. In my practice, we do not treat diarrhea with drugs, at least at this stage, but your doctor may have other ideas. Your stomach pain may be cramps or gas, but if you are concerned, the only way that you can be sure is to see your medical provider so you can be examined.  Since influenza (assuming this is what he had) only lasts about a week with the worst symptoms the first few days, she has exceeded this time. She should be examined for a secondary infection at this point.  Just get him to drink more....not just milk (which can be constipating in some children). The lack of bowel movement is not concerning as long as he is acting fine. When you are not drinking sufficient fluids, the body actually pulls water from the colon to use (not the bladder). There may not be any "extra" fluid for him to urinate, so this is why you need to really encourage good hydration today. Signs of dehydration in children would include dry eyes (no tears) and a dry mouth (no saliva). If he has wet eyes and mouth, you can just hang in there a bit longer and see if increased fluids today will help. Popsicles, commercially-available electrolyte solutions, Jello, ice chips, etc. all can entice a toddler to hydrate.  Colds are caused by viruses. The only biological explanation in your case would be that your allergies are overwhelming your immune system, making you more vulnerable to getting a viral infection. Allergies cause congestion and inflammation and respiratory viruses tend to be opportunisitic...hitting you when you are down, so to speak. There are no direct relationship between colds and allergies otherwise, but a person can certainly have both at the same time.  Stress is not considered a cause of fever.  It is not really the swollen node that is the issue, but rather the underlying CAUSE of the node reaction. The groin lymph nodes drain a huge area of the body -- from your toes to your groin. People are often surprised when the culprit is an infected toe or irritated scratch on the leg. Inflammation in the groin itself like infections (I don't know if you are male or female....different parts!), ingrown or hair follicle infections, shaving, etc. all can cause groin reaction. Having a careful exam -- looking for possible sources of this node reaction -- is important, but this is not likely to be a "rush to the doctor right away" type of urgency. It should be checked, however.  A guess? Yes. I suspect you have an infection, such as cellulitis or a paronychia, that needs immediate attention. In most cases, it will be bacterial and you will need an oral antibiotic. Get to an urgent care facility today, or call your regular medical provider (some may just call in a prescription for you). The blisters could indicate a bullous condition, such as impetigo. Less-common would be a herpetic condition. You don't need a guess...you need a definitive diagnosis and treatment.  Common area? No, but herpes zoster (shingles) follows a nerve pathway, so this painful infection can occur in this area. Hopefully, your doctor prescribed the appropriate anti-herpetic viral medications for you. These are quite helpfu. Pain medication is also important since this can last a while longer. How long? It would not be possible to make an accurate prediction since this is really up to your immune system, but I would expect that you would be considerably improved in a week (if you had the antiviral medication). The fever, headache, and flu-like symptoms are typical of shingles, so hang in there.  Yes. You should be concerned. Bubbling or gurgling sounds in the chest from coughing could be rales, a sign of pneumonia. There can be other causes as well. Since you are also having fever, it would be prudent to see your medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  Kindergarten is the cause of your daughter's frequent colds, coupled by her questionable personal hygiene and social commitments to her many friends. The average child gets 6-9 viral infections (mostly colds) per year, and most are in the winter months. When children are plunged into a new environment with new kids, they get new germs. There are over 200 different viruses that cause the common cold, so until she pays her dues....and gets enough colds to build her immunity, she will be be catching her share (and bringing them home to her family). In most cases, your daughter doesn't have a mysterious weak immune system. All she has is over-exposure to children her same age, all with the same questionable hygiene. The play together...touch each other (and everything else) and they are taught to share. Germs are freely shared. She will improve over time, but you are going to see un upswing of illnesses after the holidays because her colleagues are traveling to different locations, where they will pick up even newer and more-alien bugs, and bring them back to kindergarten to share....again. Hang in there. Medical providers can do little to prevent cold, and nothing to cure them. All we can do is treat symptoms, watch for complications, and wait them out.  Yes, a baby of three months of age with a fever/cough should be carefully examined...either at the ER, or by his pediatrician.  ??? Fever in a child (not sure what age) does not cause stunted growth, so I am unclear as to the medical justification of the x-ray, unless the doctor wanted to get a chest x-ray to rule out a subtle pneumonia. Tylenol can be given every 4 hours, but ibuprofen is every SIX hours. Fevers are not harmful. They are the body's normal response to fighting off infections (usually viruses), so if a child is over 3 months old, medical provider rarely get excited about routine fevers.  Many rashes look similar to measles, but a vaccinated child at age 12 months should not be contracting measles, unless there was a confirmed, direct exposure. Measles is uncommon in the U.S. now, but I do not know where you live. Have her examined by her medical provider, and read a bit more about the signs and symptoms of measles on WebMD. A rash is not the only sign.  No, this variation of temperature is not medically alarming. Fever does not cause harm, and having a slightly-lower-than-normal temperature of 95.7 is not medically-significant. Temperatures can wildly vary throughout the day -- lowest in the morning or after taking acetaminophen or ibuprofen and highest in the evening hours. Fever is there for a reason. It is fighting off an infection or an inflammation, so finding the reason for the fever is medically important if he continues to show signs of illness.  None. It is not recommended that you give any cough expectorant or suppressant to a child under age one. Coughing helps clear their airway of mucous. While this may be annoying to both of you, coughing is beneficial to prevent pneumonia. I cannot diagnose your child blindly over the Internet, but if the cough persists, you will need to have him/her examined. You can do "mucous management", however --- saline nasal sprays, nasal aspiration, and using a cool mist humidifier in the child's room.  Roseola is considered more contagious during the fever stage and actually, a day or so BEFORE the fever starts. After the rash appears and the fever has gone, children are not considered contagious anymore.  No. This is not the antibiotic of choice.  You can't diagnose an illness based on vague symptoms alone, but your symptoms are troubling. Brownish or yellow eyes could mean jaundice (hepatitis) or other liver problems. Throwing up blood can be a very serious sign. It would be in your best interest to see a medical provider as soon as possible.  Yes. This is an appropriate and safe dosage for a 100 pound child.  Harmful? No, but often unnecessarily. I agree with you....just take the medication that you need to help control the annoying symptoms. Some combination cold medications do not even make sense.....including a decongestant that drains mucous combined with an antihistamine that dries it up, and a cough expectorant that makes you cough combined with a cough suppressant that stops the cought! That is really like taking Kaopectate and a laxative at the same time.....  I will never understand that rationale of giving antibiotics to anyone that has a VIRAL infection. This is not good medicine. Most cases of tonillitis are viral and antibiotics are absolutely worthless, and sometimes, even harmful. With that said.... First, I assume you are a healthy adult. Most adults have relatively good immune systems that fight off viral (and bacterial) exposures 24/7. While the organisms may be capable of causing disease, the organism has to find a susceptible host. Most of the time, we just fight off those alien bugs. If you don't have tonsils, you can't get tonsillitis, but you can get a viral infection, but it does not mean it will be identical to your son who has a different immune system. You may just get a stuffy nose, or nothing at all. In your case, you did get an upper respiratory infection, but it didn't have to come from your son. It could have been someone else and an entired different bug. There are over 200 respiratory viruses capable of causing colds. I get exposed to Strep a dozen times a week and have never got it, thanks to my own immune system (and, perhaps better handwashing and other precautions). Trust your immune system. In most cases, you will be just fine. The cold that you most likely have now will likely improve in a few days, on its own.  Fever and vomiting is NOT the "flu". Influenza is a RESPIRATORY DISESASE, not a gastrointestinal disease. Her symptoms have nothing to do with the fact she had the FluMist, unless she was exposed to this DIFFERENT virus while in the waiting room. Keep her well-hydrated and in most cases, she will improve in a few days. Call her medical provider if the vomiting does not stop, since there are medications that can help.  it depends on your . A sore throat can be caused by viruses (contagious for a few days), Strep (contagious for the entire time you have the Strep), mono (contagious for the duration of the active phase of the disease), and a few dozen other things.  A fever is the body's NATURAL WAY of fighting an infection. A fever does not need to be "broken" or even treated, especially a low-grade fever like 101.3. I see children every day with fevers in the 104-105 range....no problems....no brain damage.....and no need to really treat them, unless you do so clearly for comfort. Did you know that cool baths can actually INCREASE the fever? When the thermal sensors on the skin detect that the child is cold, the brain will respond and attempt to increase body heat. Fever is good and should not be feared. With that said, the cause of the fever cannot be determined unless the child has a proper medical examination. A hospital ER is really not the best place and you will likely wait....and wait....and wait until you are seen since mildly-ill people go the back of the line. Go to an urgent care facility if you want, or you can just wait it out. Please spend some time and re-educate yourself about the medical benefits of fever in children....I can assure you that it is quite different than what you mother or grandmother taught you to believe.  Depends on the type and severity of the fracture, but most of the time, a fracture will not cause a fever (unless you have an infection or severe inflammation). There are a few hundred other things that can cause a fever, though.... Please call your doctor.  As much as I would like to help you, I have absolutely no way to blindly determine the nature of this "pimple" over the Internet, based solely on your brief posting. You would need to be examined first to determine if this pimple is an infection or not, and then be treated accordingly. I could not recommend any over-the-counter cream since your diagnosis is unclear.  A bright, yellow nasal discharge does not automatically mean "sinusitis" or even indicate a bacterial infection. Mucous can become yellow for a variety of reasons, including simple stagnation. Most sinus infections, like colds, are viral and do not require antibiotics. The fact that you do not have a fever or other sinus related symptoms would seem to indicate that you may not have a sinusitis. You can definitely wait it out a bit longer. Viral infections tend to last about a week; worse in the first 3-4 days. Do all of the supportive measures: drink plenty of water, humidify your environment, use saline nasal spray (as well as the Pantanse), and keep that stuffy nose following. Should your symptoms persist or worsen, it would be wise to seek medical care so that you can be properly examined and treated.  You are not describing herpes, and yes, these very painful ulcers can involve your tonsils. A white spot may simply be a tonsillith (tonsil stone), a common accumulation of food and other debris that can get trapped in little holes on your tonsillar surface. Since I can't see it, this is only a guess.  Pink eye, itself, should not cause a fever, but some forms of conjunctivitis are VIRAL and are part of a larger array of many cold-like symptoms. In this case, the viral infection (cold) could cause fever in some people.  No, it is not normal. Influenza (assuming your diagnosis was correct) only lasts a week if you don't treat it; a few days less if you take Tamiflu. Tamiflu does not cure the flu...it just shortens the course. If you are still having headaches and fever, you will need to see your medical provider again.  A child is not likely to die from a simple urinary tract infection. In the unlikely event that the infection went to the kidneys and then caused septicemia, a serious problem could emerge, but she is fine now....on the right antibiotic, so don't worry.  Freezing does not necessarily kill germs....but baking those cookies in a hot oven certainly can. While germs can remain viable on certain objects for hours or even days, I would not think that your hard work making cookies would put others at risk. You can send them to me....I'll eat 'em.  Yes, those medications are compatible, but Mucinex DM may not quiet his cough as much as you think. The "DM" part is dextromethorophan which is a cough suppressant, but the mucous-thinning aspect of the Mucinex may cause more drainage; thus triggering more coughing. This doesn't happen to everyone, but in some people, it does. Taking a pure cough suppressant, just at night, will help him, but when you have pneumonia, you need to cough periodically to clear your airway. If he was properly diagnosed, he should be feeling fine soon.  A few problems with your story... 1. Fever is harmless; both the 103 and the 100. It is unlikely that an experienced physician would do anything. Fever is more beneficial and does not need to be treated at all. 2. Mono is a virus and it is not treatable either  She should her medical provider, or at least, have a phone consultation. There are effective medications to help control vomiting, but they require a prescription (I don't know that age of your daughter). In the meantime, make sure that she takes frequent sips of water or other electrolyte solutions so that she will not become dehydrated.  There can be hundreds of reasons for a child to have an headache (not an exaggeration), so it would not be possible to get a handle on the reason based solely on the content of your brief inquiry. Since this has been going on for MONTHS now and severe, it would be in his best interest to have a thorough examination and some diagnostic tests. Migraines, just one type of a severe headache, can occur in children. Now, he has a low grade fever. This may have nothing to do with his headaches since many things can cause fevers as well, but it will take a hands-on examination to make that important association. He needs a diagnostic work-up, starting with his primary care provider or with a pediatric neurologist.  Maybe. Yellow-green mucous is not a definitive sign of a bacterial infection in a two year old, but it could be. This color change is usually caused by stagnation of the flow of mucous, just the way a pond turns green if there is not a good in and out flow of water. Two year olds do not blow their noses. If your child is ILL or feverish....if he seems to be getting progressively worse...then, yes, seeing his medical provider would be a wise decision.  Now. Penicillin never works for tonsil stones. The problem is that your tonsils have holes/crypts in them that trap food and other debris. Gargling after every meal will limit the accumulation of debris, or you can take a moistened Q-tip (or your finger) and physicallyl dislodge them. They will come back again, however. The only definitive cure is to remove the tonsils, if you and your ENT can convince the insurance company that this is medically-necessary.  That depends on several things....the AGE of the baby, the TYPE of virus, and the baby's immune response. In most causes of simple cold-like viruses, a child may have a fever response for the first three or four days.  His inability to bear weight on this one leg does not necessarily mean the problem is in the hip. It could be in the leg, knee, ankle, or foot. The reason many x-rays are normal is that the problem may not even be due to a bone injury, but rather muscle or tendon (like a sprain). These things do not show up on an x-ray. I even had a non-walking toddler with a thorn in his foot that no one noticed. Toddlers can be wild and crazy and injury themselves in a zillion different ways, without you even knowing it. The fact that he has not improved in a week is concerning, so I would suggest that you take him to see his regular doctor. He may need to complete the entire leg x-rays series if the doctor feels it is justified. One quick story: A patient of mine, same age, woke up from a nap and would not bear weight. Several (negative) x-rays, negative exams, and watchful waiting for three days did not seem him improve. I coerced a orthopedic friend to work him into his busy, and over-booked schedule, so he agreed to see him over lunch. This little guy, who had been carried for the last three days, ran through his waiting room, jumped up on some chairs, and acted like he did not have a care in the world. To this day, his parents and myself, have no idea why he did not want to walk. Perhaps, he enjoyed being carried for a while????  Herpes is an STD of course. It is characterized by painful blisters, and those blisters can be on the head of the penis. Although I have no way of diagnosing him over the Internet, there is good chance that this is, indeed, herpes. He should be medically examined to be sure.  Scarlet fever is caused by Strep. It would not be likely that this person would still be contagious months later, unless of course, they are a Strep carrier. People can get exposed to Strep quite easily by other people or from objects that area contaminated by Strep. The only way you will know for sure if you have Strep is to be tested.  That low-grade fever is nothing to be alarmed about. Since some types of pink eye (conjunctivitis) is related to viruses, like cold viruses, there could be an association since viruses can cause minor temperature elevations. If the eye is unusually swollen or painful, then it would be wise to get properly examined, but in most cases, simple pink eye should not really cause a fever.  It is time for you to see another doctor -- a good internist -- for a second, diagnostic opinion. Just because no one can find a cause, does not imply that you are fine. Clearly, if you still having those issues, you need a more indepth assessment.  No, a normal CBC will not tell you if you have active syphilis or not, but there are many sensitive tests that your doctor can order to answer that trouble syphilis fear. Unfortunately, I do not have enough medical history about you, or have the ability to delve into your clinical case to discuss the significance of a normal or abnormal CBC as it relates to you. You will need to address this with your medical provider -- someone who has the ability to correlate any lab findings with your history and physical examination results.  It may be better to take her regular medical provider or to an urgent care facility instead of an ER. ERs are set up for life-threatening/serious emergencies, not really a child with a fever. Unfortunately, I have no way of making a blind determination as to the cause of her fever, but in the vast majority of cases, it ends up being viral. Fevers are not dangerous, but it would be nice to know if she has a treatable medical problem, like an ear infection or urinary tract infection.  I don't know what she is taking, but there is a very common amoxicillin side effect that can produce a rash near the end of the antibiotic course of treatment. Scarlet fever tends to be a generalized (all over the body) bright red, sandpapery/rough skin rash, that will eventually peel (especially on the palms and feet). A person would not typically get a scarlet fever eruption on day six using an antibiotic that could treat strep (again, I don't know what she is taking). Was your daughter lab-diagnosed with Strep (rapid strep swab or a Strep culture?) or was it a clinical diagnosis (the medical provider just examined her throat and said "Strep"). Clinical diagnoses of Strep are no more accurate than a coin-toss in most instances.  Strangely enough, that IS the medical term used by most clinicians. It is a billable code with an ICD-9 classification. Scarlet Fever is due to Strep -- the same bacteria that causes Strep throat. It is not considered any more dangerous, if promptly and accurately diagnosed, and treated. The rash of Scarlet fever is called a scarletiniform Streptococcal eruption if you want a different term. It is bright red (hence the name) and sandpapery rough. Later, the rash can desquamate (peel) like a sunburn.  Have another blood test....a hepatitis panel (testing for type A, B, and C) and a liver function panel. Once you are positive for one type of hepatitis, you are likely to show antibodies for a long, long time....perhaps for life.  Viruses, with the exception of MONO (mononucleosis) do not last six weeks. Just because a cause has not been found, does not mean your doctor should give up looking. Did he check your thyroid? Did he do a mono test? Liver function tests? Blood culture? Are you depressed or under stress? There are more things that can be done, so until you are feeling better, Jenny, your doctor needs to continue your diagnostic work-up or send you to a specialist.  Benadryl (diphenhydramine) does not cause a fever, nor is fever an adverse reaction to this antihistamine. Allergies do not cause fever, so any elevation in temperature that may have experienced is most likely do to your cold (assuming you have correctly diagnosed yourself). Fever is the body's natural response to fighting off an infection.  There are no viruses or bacteria that only cause bronchitis. Any of the hundreds of respiratory organisms can do. Most cases (nearly all) of bronchitis in children (I don't know your daughter's age) are viral and do not require antibiotics; ear infections often do not require them either, but antibiotics have remained the mainstay of treatment. Ear infections are not contagious. Respiratory viruses are considered most contagious a day before you get sick and for about two days afterwards. Since it has been a week, your daughter is not likely contagious, even if she still has some residual symptoms, like a cough.  A child can have a mild fever with inflammation, and allergies can certainly cause inflammation. It would be highly unlikely for an adult with a mature immune system to get a fever solely from allergies. There is usually another cause.  Hello, i have googled this specific question with the intention of answering all the queries that exist on the web with regards to this question because i myself had been suffering this for the last 4 months and it made me feel really sick, uneasy and tired and i hated the feeling of having to always keep myself in cool places and have to have three baths a day to just feel normal.I finally found the cure in an unlikely place. I have always had a little feeling of sickness when in warm places since a young age, but it got really bad 4 months back and every normal doctor i went to did all medical checks but all parameters such as blood pressure, temperature, and blood test etc were normal but i still was feeling heat, since i am in india somebody suggested i visit an ayurvedic doctor(ayurvedic doctors are doctors who prescribe medicines and treatments according to an ancient indian text called the ayurveda http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ayurveda) so i made the trip to a well known ayurvedic doctor at the rejuvenation center at an ashram called isha in coimbatore, tamil nadu, india and the doctor there just felt my wrist and started her diagnosis, and without me even telling her the symptoms she said everything is normal but there is a lot of heat trapped in your system and she said it is not a very rare problem, she said that no mainstream medicine doctor has been able to diagnose it till date cause there is no such thing as body heat in allopathic(mainstream) medicine there is only temperature, she said in ayurveda it's called ushna(heat) and she said no need to go into the cause of it just have these ayurvedic medicines and i have been having them for three days now and i can feel the heat slowly leaving my system, i am suppose to take the medicines for 40 days but just today being the third day i am already feelin 60% better and ease has returned to the whole body and she also gave me some medicines to repair the minor damage to the system from this heat, so i would like to suggest to anybody who is having this problem that if no doctor is able to help then please no matter what country you are in please look for a good ayurvedic or siddha(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siddha_medicine) doctor, nowadays they are all over the world and if there isn't one in your country then do make the trip to india and i highly recommend the one i went to, even if it is expensive to make the trip it is better to spend that then live with the problem for the rest of your life or contact them at http://www.ishafoundation.org/IshaRejuvenation they might be able to ship the medicines if you are in a different country. hope you'll all get okay soon cause i have been through the frustrating experience of going to many mainstream doctors and not finding a solution till this happened and i feel like a real fool for doubting that any alternative medicine science could actually have something very simple but powerful in it.  I wold suggest you get to an ER ASAP. I recently had these symptoms and it turned out to be prostatitis. How it happens, thy don't know. You are a young man should not be having this problem in your young life. However, there could be something else relative to kidneys. Get to the ER or your primary physician NOW!  You need to schedule an appointment with a GI immediately. Could be some kind of stomach ulcer.  take your child to the doctor , these can be signs of a mild problem to a serious problem, please remember if in doubt go to the doctor  It is not determined what may be causing this. It is very rarely that you may have a Intestinal Corruption and or / rip in intestines - but you would be puking and bleeding out mouth. Please see a physcian as soon as possible as this may be a serious condition and or / ordeal .  I recently had similar pain. Turned out it was my gallbladder. I had severe pain for 26 hours. I was referred to a clinic for an ultrasound. The results showed that I had gallstones.  Ticks can carry Lyme disease which can cause major medical problems. I would take him/her in for testing.  You should still have her seen by a doctor. Especially if you do not know what type of tick it is. Do you know if it left a bull eye mark? They can treat with antibiotic as a preventative if caught soon enough. I would call your Dr.  Even with out a fever you can still be sick. You could have a virus that is going around. But with sore throat and swollen glands could possibly be strep throat, which can in some cases make you have nausea. You do not always run a fever with strep throat. I am not a doctor, but it does not hurt to go to the DR. The worst thing they can say is it is a virus and it has to take it's course.  There is no way anyone online can tell you whether you really have an appendicitis. A health professional will need to examine you in person. I don't want to alarm you, but if you believe you could have an appendicitis, do not wait. Go to your local emergency room and get checked out. You definitely don't want to have your appendix burst. Here is some further information on that I hope will help. Please take care. WebMD Answers Staff  Hay fever is also known as allergic rhinitis. Hay fever is an inflammation of the mucus membranes in the nose. Hay fever often results from allergies to pollen, dust, and other substances. Symptoms include sneezing, itching, runny nose, and nasal congestion.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnEXrbAQyIo  My oldest son got the flu and ran a fever of 102.7 accompanied with some vomiting. My youngest son started running a fever about a day after my oldest stopped showing symptoms. My youngest (9) never got a fever past 100.7 but was just as achy with some nausea. We treated him for the flu also. It lasted no longer than 2 days(fever) and the coughing stayed for right at a week. They both recovered at about the same rate. This could be what is happening. Fever reducers would help but only slightly and didn't last but 30 mins to an hour. We got Tamiflu from the doctor for my oldest but used over the counter for my youngest and it seemed to work just as good. I hope this helps and hope they feel better soon!  It could be a bad sinus infection. This has happened to me. The sore throat could be due to drainage, or strep throat. Either way it sounds like you might need to get to a doctor to get tests and possibly some antibiotics.  I can't seem to stop the diarrhea and have lost 3 pounds. Every time I hydrate, I end up with bright yellow watery and oily diarrhea. Suggestions to control the diarrhea or do I need to see a doctor. I also have a slight headache too.  Please have your friend go and see an oral pathologist or an oral surgeon. The condition could be caused by a virus (herpes virus), or other conditions, but this should be confirmed by a proper examination. Do not delay. Have your friend see the proper doctor.  This should be fine. I have done this myself during bad allergy seasons. And I would need to switch at times between Claritin, Zyrtec or Allegra - which ever one worked for that season and a Benedryl or two at night. Currently, I get allergy shots. You may want to look into that. It does require a commitment to stay on schedule and not all insurance companies cover it. And because of the shots, I have not needed Benedryl at all this season, and it was a really bad season this year. I also now take Xyzal 5mg, which uses the most common ingredient in Zyrtec. It is prescribed and not yet Over-the-Counter like Zyrtec, but worth asking your physician about. And it is taken at night as opposed to every morning. You may want to ask about either Flonase or Q-Nasl. I am on Q-Nasl now, one spray per nostril every morning as opposed to Flonase, 2 sprays per nostril twice a day. Q-Nasl is new, so there are no generics yet and may require you to try Flonase first (aka Step Therapy), but sometimes there is a coupon from the manufacturer to help bring the cost down. It works by acting like secondary pharmacy insurance after your insurance pays. It is a program you have to enroll with the manufacturer. I used to have to take all these allergy pills and now I am down to one pill, one spray and allergy shots. Good luck.  Most big problems start of as small problems that you don't address. Treat back pain as a symptom of dysfunction not a cause. The cause of back pain is rarely at the site of the pain Most people have slight postural imperfections, which end up causing pain in other parts of their body. Postural imperfections are magnified by such things as slouching over the computer, holding the phone between ear and shoulder, and by hand and foot dominance in the sports most regularly played. It's not the chair; it's how you sit in it. If muscles are not getting stronger they're getting weaker. http://www.elswickchiropractic.com  I'd recommend seeing your physician, since pain of this type can be indicative of many different organ issues, including but not limited to stomach, liver, and (your non-existent) gallbladder. As a fellow IBS sufferer, I sympathize--if this feels different than IBS pain, it probably is. If the urination is frequent or painful (or both) and the back pain persists, this could be a UTI that's got a foothold in your right kidney and could be developing into a nephritis, which is nothing to play around about. Drink plenty of water and book yourself in to see a doctor.  A fever is not your body fighting an infection. Anything that heats up your body, including heat and induces sweating causes a fever. Fevers cause heat exhaustion and heat stroke as heat heats up the body inducing sweating wich causes water to be ejected from the body. You may induce a fever and prove this by simply visiting a steam room and when your sweating check your temp, youll have a fever. you may also go out jogging and see when your hot and sweating you have a fever with a fever thermometer. if you do either for long periods, youll eventualy drop from exhaustion enjoying before that mild to severe dehydration symptoms, heat exhaustion and heat stroke and possible mild heart attacks. cardio excersize and steam rooms have been around for centuries inducing fever and not cured any disease other than treat obesity. Your heartrate can generate heat and cause a fever by pumping friction wich happens during jogging, just like shaking a pop can or rubbing your hands generates warmth. Make sure you maintain bodyweight during a fever. If food poisioning is suspect having a person stomach pumped and an enema given may be needed if fatigue sets in. Fluid calories are better during a fever, its important to maintain heartrate as lowering your heartrate also induces fatigue. If a fever is starting with no fatigue water may be ok. Its important to keep dry and keep cool (keeping dry to avoid chills). Humans thrive in cool temp climates of 55-65 degrees, thier is little life in deserts do to heat, heat starves an area of water. For children its important that children playing maintain thier bodyweight during excersize/play and eat and drink and take rest breaks and normalize thier heartrate reducing sweating. If people have to loose weight then I recommend simply getting out and walking, bringing food, fluids before or during thier walk to avoid dehydration with rest breaks. Obesity causes fever and dehydration by carrying around 50-100 lb weights. you may simulate obesity by carrying a backpack of 50-100+ lb barebell weights and grow it daily and see what affects that has on your health. weather and activie levels can affect weight loss. people eat, drink and rest to maintain thier heartrate and energy levels. In a virus or poision, a fever is a response to excess blood volume wich causes your heart to pump harder and faster generating heat. you may simulate this by giving an unnecessary blood transfusion wich will likely cause a fever and may cause a mild heart attack so i wouldnt advise it. water causes weight gain at 1/2 lb a cup, its a myth its zero caloric. overdrinking from dehydrationcan cause excessive urination in addition to lowering your heartrate further so cold water if a fever has started with no fatigue, otherwise fluid calories.  the hache with the light and stuff sounds like a migraine but the swollen lip either could be a bite, an absess, or their allergic to something they ate, so back track and try to remember exactly what they ate they sound like it may be an allergy.  Sounds like you have a cold. When I get the mucous-y jazz I usually go to the doctor for an antibiotic. It sounds miserable - I hope you feel better.  I would definitely have his eyes checked by an Ophthamologist (vs. an Optometrist). I have migraines and I find it really scary when my vision is affected. I was diagnosed though, by going to an Ophthamologist.  is it right side & if so you should get to a doctor could be appendix is bad.  Yes,if it is something simple great.but if it is the beginning of something more serious earlier intervention will save you stress and her suffering.  Could be just sick. Or even heart attack!  possible food poisining  I have heard of them growing back!  any kind of stress to the body, pain, fever, sickness can elevate the heart rate  i would suggest tylenol and mucinex, drink lots of water to thin out the mucus, the tylenol will help with the other symptoms  I would keep calling, if it is important  if you don't have a fever, I'd research the sypmtoms for hypo active thyroid. If a lot of these symptoms are similar, you need to see your family doctor. It can be diagnosed with a simple blood test. Does your Mom or Dad have thyroid problems?  no it isnt the shot actually carries influenza virus so its very common to get the flu after having the shot  well aspiration pneumonia needs to be taken seriously i had it when i was 4 and a local hospital told me it was symptoms from a surgery i had well i went to a better hospital they told me i could have died if i would have listened to the other hospital  I woundnt be to worried but just to be sure see a doctor  Do you have small lesions near or in your private area? They start out small and will be red, then grow a little larger and have a white pimple like top. The first outbreak is usually the most uncomfortable and actually hurts, burns and itches. Subsequent breakouts will not be as painful as the initial breakout.  Update from original post. Saw ENT, had biopsy done and CT scan. Biopsy was negative for Cancer. Swelling by ear is gone and one in neck is somewhat smaller. The ENT wants me to have the lymph node (neck) removed and biopsied. I'm not in good health, have intractable facial nerve pain from dental procedure (going thru nerve blocks for that) among other conditions. I want to wait on removing the lymph node as none of the tests showed a definitive problem. Need some advice....probably will ask for a second opinion.  My PCP is concerned as no sore throat or ear or obvious signs of infection........and swelling the same after 10 days on antibiotic (clindamycin). Had blood work done, a Chest X-Ray, and an ultrasound of the node by ear and in neck,.....plus a referral to an ENT.  This could be thrush. A yeast infection. You need to see your Dr. This is easily treated with medication, however, the root cause of this infection needs to be discovered. This infection could indicate other medical problems.  go to ER possible appendicitis.  I say call your doctor to get checked for a UTI. Some UTIs just don't follow the rules, no pain, no fever, and you think no way. Better safe then sorry, untreated UTIs can cause bad infections and possible damage.  Weakness should be excepted in an 84 year old woman after having a bout with nausea. It could have indeed been a virus or bug, even though there was no vomitting. The best thing to do is to consult a doctor.  My Dad had high blood pressure and was taking medication for it, he also had no problems taking regular paracetamol for his headaches. He also took later on in life osteo-panadol for his bad knee. So I would guess Panadol is ok.  Well it's either your appendix (had mine removed at the ER visit) or it could be gallstones. I'd say it's more likely to be your gallbladder and a flare up/gallstones. My family has history of gallstones/gallbladder issues and both my parents have their gallbladder and appendix removed. My mom had the same symptoms you had and went to the ER (after her pain was so bad) and had an emergency removal of her gallbladder. Hope you find the answers you need.  during healing of pox marks itching may be there,Not connected to fever  where WE all live  Have u had a chest x-ray?If not u should.I have had pluresy twice which is fluid arround the lungs.it is uncomfortable and can not be cured just has to run it's course .But having a chest x-ray would rule out fluid in the lungs also.  no  parasitic infection  I had a hysterectomy on 10/17/13 and ran a slight fever for the first week after my surgery. I was told by my obgyn that it was normal to run a slight fever after surgery. Feel better soon, and get plenty of rest and drink plenty of fluids.  Yes you can have a rise in temperature as your body is trying to cope with it but it just cant quite do it. so yes there will be a rise. drink lots of water. and if gets worse i would immediately go up to the emergency cause if you are to dehydrated and can make you not very well. and they can put a drip in and give you fluids.  I'd go see Dr. Phil jk. I wouldn't worry about it, most likely you tore tissue in your rectum from masturbation as it appears to have been your first time. Don't stress about it since it only happened once and was a little bit of blood and some people have phobias to that such as myself. Maybe get some ky jelly or lube before you try again ;)  I am not a doctor,but, having raised four kids, and now my eight year old Grandson, I may be able to guess an answer here. If I remember correctly, any time a fever is over 101.0, the body needs help to fight the fever. Anything under that number, you usually want the body to fight it off itself. It is a very good idea to give Acetaminaphin, espically if the fever is that high. You can give Tylenol. and three hours later, give Advil,. and so on. Good luck.  Please take your child to the Emergency Room, as soon as possible, if you haven't done so already. Pain in the back and stomach, could be a variety of things. He could have Appendicitis, a bowel blockage, a GI tract infection, any number of things, but with the vomiting, fever, and pain as you described, it could be something very serious, and you shouldn't wait any longer. Better to be safe than sorry. Good luck with your little one, I will say a prayer for you all.  always, if you cannot get the temperture down your self then you DO NEED to go to the ER and see what they can do  Allergies or sinusitis  Try the BRAT diet, if you have not already. It's strictly Banana, Rice, Apple sauce (not sweetened), and Toast (dry). DO NOT CHEAT while on the BRAT diet. Not even a bite. And only drink water. Eat this way until you have solid bowel movements for a day. Then reintroduce bland foods. The bland meal I always have to follow up is plain chicken breast, yam, and rice. If the stool gets loose again, go back to the BRAT for another day or two. I used this remedy with my children whenever they had diarrhea, and it worked like a charm.  menstral issue  antacid painreleiver  problem w/supportive tissue  epidermal and/or dermal problems  feed her prunes or some other laxative  If you've been out of the country recently you may need to have a Tuberculin skin test. Tuberculosis can cause night sweats, chills, cough, fatigue, fever as well as other things or can be asymptomatic. The skin test isn't painful, just a bit uncomfortable because they create a tiny blister under your skin and check it 48 hours later for a reaction. You might be taking medication that causes these side effects. Best advice is to just go see your doctor to make sure you don't have any infections.  It's entirely possible to have multiple infections at the same time but your doctor is right, antibiotics should clear any bacterial infections right up. The sore throat is likely being caused by post nasal drip from your sinus infection. If it's strep, you should see small white patches on your tonsils and it's extremely painful. If after you finish your round of antibiotics, you still have a serious sore throat then you should go back to the doctor for more tests. Good luck!  All pertaining to the surgery. Give it a little more time. It is hard sometimes for people to imagine that the rectum is so close to the vagina and that the female pelvic organs. I would say if it is no better, or not resolving, follow up. Continue to monitor the fever and surg site.  The high BP medication might need to be changed. I had to have mine changed, I had side effects which included headache. I'd check with the doctor  You need to see a doctor. Sorry, that's all I can say.  You need to go to the emergency room. That's all there is to it. This could be bad but the doctors can fix you up. Hope you get better!  eeeeeesssshhhhh.. well the high wbc indicates some kind of infection,but it doesnt tell u where the infection is , the same with the fever and the chills,but the blurry vision makes me think that it could be (I'M NOT A DOCTOR AT ALL ,i'm just smart when it comes to medical stuff) it makes me think that there could be something going on in ur brain but im not a doc. have the docs uve been to have the done brain testing? if not then ask if they think it could be ur brain cause thats my hunch.......  could this be a hernia?  i think i have the same thing swollen bottom lip,cold sores jeadaches and my eyes hurt and fever for two days that will come and go they told me it was herpes but i dont believe it  Yes, she probably does have bronchitis but since she has asthma she probably has asthmatic bronchitis.  You probably should be concerned. If it gets to 102 or 103 take him to the ER. They will probably be concerned also so they will try to get you an answer.  I have also experienced this. I don't drink much water. Do you? if not i suggest when you feel that way drink a few glasses of water and see how you feel a few hours later. It helps me. When dehydrated you will feel.......Hot flashes, headaches, feels like you might pass out but don't, almost like your brain clicks off for a second (its a weird feeling kinda hard to explain), you will sweat at night too. Drink more water plan and simple.  After you remove a tick there is going to be a red bump (very itchy). I have had them take more then 2 weeks to heal. It will also be red around the area too. Just keep an eye on it if the red spot around the bump persist to get bigger it can be a sign of lymes disease and you want to get the checked out as soon as possible.  get a second opinon  main concern is no appetite, lips are blistering, not drinking much. plays for a few minutes and then just falls asleep. very unusual for her.  As with any medications, OTC or prescription you must be careful of interactions. With some BP meds., an interaction with anti-inflammatory drugs such as ibuprofen can interact and affect your kidneys. Always read your pamphlet that comes with your medication. Your trusted pharmacist will also explain the possible interactions if you have questions about your medications. I know this is way later than actual question date. Hopefully someone with same question will realize that NOT ALL OTC meds will be safe taking if on medication for hypertension.  I would definitely use an inflammatory ! That reduces the swelling.  It could be a virus such as norovirus that comes from food poisoning. Because of the severe abdominal pain and because you are not getting better, I would go to the ER. Marieh9  is she wheezing? or is her chest rumbling? is there still blood in her mucus when she sneezes? if any of these questions are a yes i highly recommend taking her to the DR. ASAP!  Have you already been to a doctor and receives a diagnosis to explain the symptoms?Because a fever is a common symptom for an infection which can require a prescription medication.  while most people think it is selective to women only, men can also get urinary tract infections (UTI) as well as bladder infections. if this is the case, either of which would explain all of your symptoms, you need to see a physician and have a urine culture as well as a swab culture to confirm diagnoses. an antibiotic will likely be prescribed, and as always for kidney and bladder function, 100% cranberry juice helps to maintain a healthy urinary system.  well i have had the night sweats due to my esophagitis, gastritis, hiatal hernia and fundic intosusception , which are all stomach problems along with that i was having pains in my stomach , not able to eat , stress was a big factor in my life when i found out i noticed when i was able to get my stress levels down the problems were better under control, i also had tried a few meds , question are you eatting enough and remember that lightheadness can constipation all can be cause by lack of water , and try to eat softer foods, try to up take you intake of water , and i think it very important to somehow find a way to reduce your stress level , im normally 110 lbs with stress and all these problems i went down to 89lbs , also if nothing seems to help i would ask my doctor for an egd , on your upper and lower gi tracks to see just what going on , so call your doctor and get down to the bottem of it :) i hope you feel better i know just how horrible it can be  fever is sign of infection, the shivers is a sign of your baby trying to fright the infection, sweating is caused by your baby trying to make his or body temp go down , headaches are cause by the fever either way if its flu or something else.... any higher of a fever can fry the brain and led to brain damage , go to the hospital asap.  Take him ASAP. I was bitten when a teenager in the bend of elbow. Had a bubble full of puss. Had to have it lanced. seeped puss for days.  Take him to a doctor as soon as possible. Ticks carry lyme disease. Better safe than sorry.  Could be thrush.  Have you tried kicking him out? They say if you love someone, set them free, and see what happens. In his case, you're just giving him back to mother nature for "diagnosis".  Whenever you have significant physical trauma that results in an injury, inflammation will occur on the site where the most impact occurred. When inflammation happens, some people will develop a low grade (99.9 oral temperature) fever due to the body working hard to heal itself. Sweating could be contributed to such a fever, as you are warmer than usual.  No, but what is causing the fever could be the cause of the pain  Hi.... I've got 5 children, 5 grandchildren and 2 ggrandchildren.....i hate to say this but if that's the worst she gets into her mouth, you'll be a very lucky parent. It sure isn't recommended but look at it this way. I assume she's still in diapers and taking a bottle and/or baby food. Everything she eats is clean....everything that comes out will be too ! now when she gets older and starts to walk and explore....that's when you should know what she's into. Trust me, if my mother had known what i got into on my grandparents' farm at 3 yrs., she would have keeled over dead. Kids are like cats, they have 9 lives, in spite of us ! Stay in touch with your doctor and overlook his apparent lack-of-concern...remember he deals with dozens of kids and their new parents everyday. Sometimes they forget.  no  The symptoms also resemble gallbladder, kidney, or bladder stones; however these should have already been ruled out with a CAT Scan. My mother (diabetic) experienced something as that which lasted quiet awhile, she lost a significant amount of weight during her sickness. Doctors were also stunned and diagnosed something as gastritis. Researching the web of her symptoms,I found that she was probably experiencing an inflammation of the outer lining of her stomach. She was given antibiotics from her doctor, which was appropriate, however I advised a change in diet until better. Her symptoms lasted for several months. The nausea prevented her from eating as she should resulting in a unhealthy weak appearance. There was significant sporadic work loss during that time. Antibiotics were prescribed at least twice as I remember. The one thing I have learned of the medical field is that they are forever making mistakes and usually it is good to rely on your own thoughts and those of family and friends. Never, ever hesitate to get a second or third opinion. If your doctor is located in a small town, seek out a professional in the closest large city, as the state capital or one of it's size. It seems the most knowledgeable and creative doctors practice in larger cities. One last thought. Not knowing more information the thought of an appendix problem popped to mind.   I am not one to vomit unless deathly sick; however when experiencing PMS my belief is that anything can happen. It reminds me of the menopause I experience now. Fever is usually related to some type infection, either bacteria, or viral.  Doesn't seem to me personally like anything to worry about, but you never can be to safe.  What I do is rub my baby down with green rubbing alcohol.It works every time.  My son is Eleven years old. When He was 9 years old, He did experience some pain in joints. Specially in his knees. It swelled sometimes. We did test him for Uric acid and some other test and He is diagnosed with rheumatic fever. This is what the Doctor explained to us. It is a good thing that he was diagnosed early and it medication can still protect his heart. He is given a vial of Benzathine Penicillin (zalpen) 1.2 million IU every 14 days. and we do also some 2d echo every year and his heart is still okey. He will stop his vial injection when he will reached 21 years old. Our Doctor guarantee us that his heart will be safe if only we will not miss some of his vial injection.  Because there are so many tick born ailments I think it's important that you watch her closely for the next week or so. Make sure you take temp 2xs a day and watch for rashes anywhere on the body.  Sooboob.....I've got the same symptoms & spent a week in one hospital & a week later, a week at another hospital while dr.s were trying to figure out what was causing the extreme nausea that was sooo forceful it made me dry heave, but never a true vomiting. The only thing they found, after extensive examining with every kind of MRI, ultrasound, CT scan & lab u can think of......was a golfball size tumor in the center of my liver. I've read several threads of people with tumors in their liver that claim to have the same symptoms & their dr. would never attribute the symptoms to the tumor. I had my gallbladder removed 2 yrs ago & started having the nausea April of last yr & the pain started as an occasional pain...similar to the gallbladder pain, but grew in intensity & frequency over a several month period. I'm a woman & notice that the pain is at it's peek a week before my cycle starts (PMS) & during my cycle, then it subsides to tolerable & the nausea increases to intolerable....they take turns ruining my day, LOL. Hope this isn't what's wrong with u, but your symptoms are the same as mine & ALL the dr's I've seen are too eager to hand me the IBS med & Nexium....however, the meds make the pain worse.  Absolutely take him to a doctor. It may be nothing but it may be a life threatening condition. My 14 year old daughter had similar to what symptoms you describe and it was lymphoma. Doctor first insisted it is just strep throat and with this it is common for all lymph nodes in body to swell and to have elevated temp. Gave her antibiotics. I kept calling doctor and nurse telling them it is getting worse and was told each time to wait that it will get better. Several days later she could barely walk due to sever swelling and pain and I took her in demanding she be seen. They found it to be cancer. Don't wait. Use common sense and listen to mothers' intuition if what doctor tells you does not seem right. Take him to the ER if you cant get in to doctors office because of lack of insurance. Insist he be seen.  Many things it sounds like anxiety,but i would check with your PCP  I would definately consult a doctor or pharmacist first  Could possibly be sinus infection. Take some of the new Advil allergy and congestion pills available. Box is yellow and green says New at top. Other than that possibly need to go to doctor or clinic or er. Not sure if hay fever but I get the same feelings. Advil allergy and congestion will work for hay fever too. Better to try then not to. You only get I think 10 pills for 6.00 and I buy them at DG store Dollar Store. One every 4-6 hours as needed. Try it other than that I dont know  appendicitis or could be ibs.......  find new doctor!!!  May be an infection process.  You may have prostate enlargement. I would consult with a urologist.  Yes , I think anytime you have a fever for a couple of days you should see a doctor. The body is fighting something when there is a fever. You need to find out what it is fighting.  I would be taking him to the doctor and letting a him listen to his lungs.  Thanks! Actually, I had some bloodwork done and my Vitamin D level was very low (7). I was put on 50,000 iu of a prescription vitamin d for 8 wks (1 a wk). It's been 9 weeks tomorrow and now I'm taking over the counter vitamin d, am going back to dr next week to have blood checked again. I felt better after the first 2 wks, not dizzy, not tired, no more headaches. Then again, I began feeling dizzy, lightheaded alot, and tired, no energy.I don't know what's going on; but I'll hopefully find out. :)   I have never heard of the medicine you are on, but everytime I mention or show my doctor a lump in my neck or something, he says it's a lymph node, that possibly I may getting a cold or something. He says that is a sign your body's trying to fight an infection. Hope this helps some.  I have a couple of questions before I can answer you. Do these nosebleeds occur only when you are inside? If so, are you using a humidifier? Dry air is a major reason for frequent nosebleeds. Try using a saline nasal spray four times/day.  Yes. Something could be going on. Normal heart rate is 60-100. A child's heart will tend to be closer to 60. Normal respirations are 16-22. Again a child is on the lower end. i would seek medical attention if his is on the higher end. I'm in Nursing school and a child is so different than an adult their status can change so much more than an adults.  I am not sure! I also have been having severe night sweats, body feeling hot then chilled, flushing in the facial area and neck. I spoke w/ my doctors they cannot seem to figure it out. Could be possibly meds you are taking ,anxiety and stress, infection of some kind. That is what was told to me. I was given a blood test to check my thyroid, everything OK. You might want to get your thyroid checked through a blood test. I hope that this helps in anyway. I know what you are going through!  if the child has been given the recommended medication [pediatrician recommended] i would also include pedialyte drinks [available at most drug stores and walmart] this will give valuable electrolytes to the body which should help the child to become more energetic - also it is necessary to get the fever down to normal as quickly as possible  no it wont but I will tell you this if you don't have the uti treated it can shut down your kidneys and you can end up in the hospital for quite a while so if I was you I would get it taken care asap  OMG yes! I would bring my child to the hospital! And at least call your Dr.  I should also add that my temperature runs low - I am usually 97.6 so a fever of 100 is significant.  Sounds like a bladder or kidney infection to me!  Anytime my son is teething he runs a low grade fever and salivates alot. With a temp that high, I recommend calling an after hours pediatric office and see what they recommend.  