Having difficulty getting the answer to the question previous asked.  With sensations such as numbness or tingling suggest a nerve issue and you should consult your primary doctor to see if a visit to a neurologist is necessary.  your hymen could have been broken.  Binkies do not cause dental problems in infants or toddlers so you do not have to worry about this. Likewise, binkies may reuce the incidence of SIDS (crib death). I do not think you need to take it away, though your son will get used to whatever. Some parents prefer to encourage thumb-sucking since the thumb is always "handy" (sorry -- bad pun). Bottom line: make a decision and go with it. If you want to terminate the binkie, know that there may be a few rough nights but your son will adjust. If you want to continue to support it, then just do so knowing that there will be no long-term benefits (if it is stopped by age 5), and that there may also be some benefit.  My doctor told me that it doesn't matter which finger you use  You've got nothing to worry about.  I'm not a doctor but my son (10) had a dot appear on both his palms (symetrical positions) the most persuasive answer we have had from friends is that it's like shingles. The explanation is that his emotional stress (he has a lot unfortunately) affects his nerves, producing these abnormalities. Some believe this explains the "miracle" of stigmata for some pepole.  I know from my own experience with arthritis that your complaint sounds very much like arthritis. You should however see a Dr. for it as there is a difference between Osteoarthritis and Rhuematoid Arthritis. Either way, a true Dx should be made.  Arthritis comes in different forms. But some hallmark signs of most arthritic conditions include pain, joint swelling, and difficultly in articulating the movement of joints. Some of the symptoms listed in your question could be signs of an arthritic condition.They could also be signs of some other medical disorders. Arthritis can affect individuals of any age but its diagnosis increases as we age. As most doctors can attest to, many of their patients complain of back pain after reaching 40 years of age. An x-ray of those painful 40 something old backs may show as the only notable impression the fact that arthritic/degenerative changes were observed. I suggest that you make an appointment with the family doctor who may assess your discomfort and any range of motion limitations. That same person may get the diagnostic ball rolling by requesting x-ray images, ordering blood work and other lab studies.The general practicing physician may also start you on some regime of ant-inflammatory and pain medication as well as referring you to other medical specialists such as orthopedists or rheumatologists. I hope that you have found this answer helpful and that your pain, cramping, and fist closure issues resolve themselves soon. .  Yes, this habit may result in bacteria being transferred from the object being touched to the individual. Many studies, mostly of the unscientific variety, have revealed that objects like book pages and money possess enough bacteria to infect even healthy people. Think about how money is handled for example... Some people have been known to bury paper money into their underwear for safekeeping while others will stuff some paper currency into their shoes. Money is pretty much loaded with bacteria. Money is transferred from person to person and is touched by people not washing their hands after using the bathroom. Some of this money has even traveled around the world and back again. In general it is good practice to keep our hands away from our mouth, eyes and nose.  My answer is meant to be constructive and not intended as a judgmental criticism by labeling your condition as being caused by alcohol abuse. You could be experiencing a condition called alcoholic neuropathy . The symptoms as you describe them may be signs of nerve damage which can be permanent. If you stop drinking, your pain and the tenderness feelings may diminish due to an improved nutritional balance within the body. Besides terminating your alcohol intake through approved treatment methods (Detox/ Rehabilitation/ Talk Therapy/ Medications/ 12 Step AA Program Involvement/etc.) , taking B vitamins such a B12 and Thiamin and seeing a neurologist are advisable steps to be taken. You can stop drinking alcohol and prevent other serious medical problems. This is best accomplished by being vigorously honest with yourself and seeking addiction help. I wish you well.   Yes, what you are experiencing may be considered as normal. It sounds like you are caring well for your injured finger. Changing the bandages frequently and preventing infection is important. You only had the stich procedure 72 hours ago. The stiches will probably be removed within 7-10 days after their insertion. The laceration needs time to heal properly (usually about 3-4 weeks). The affected area was damaged and swelling most likely is present. As the swelling goes down, the burning and pain will diminish, along with any throbbing. Perhaps you also sustained some superficial nerve assault which may take as long as 6-10 months to be resolved. In conclusion The damaged finger should heal virtually incident-free, but needs more time than most people feel is necessary to recover from the injury. Keep the area dry and clean (to prevent infection) by continuing to change the bandages, take an analgesic every 4-6 hours for pain relief if not contraindicated, do not overwork the lacerated area, and have the stiches removed (and the healing assessed) upon your follow-up appointment.  Your pet should be seen quickly by a veterinarian . It is a sure bet that the dog didn't always drag his tail, shake his head, move slowly, and reject fluids (water) as you state in your question. Something is very wrong and needs the emergency intervention of an expert. The situation has gone past the point of just being able to persuade the dog into taking in more fluids. The rejection of water is a symptom rooted in a more serious problem. The vet has the medical training to properly diagnosis illness, the equipment necessary to conduct a proper exam, and the ability to appropriately treat the animal. Without seeing the vet shortly to receive I.V. fluids, your dog's vital organs and systems will shut down resulting in its death. Dying due to chronic dehydration is said to be very painful. If money is an issue, then see if the vet will bill you in installments. If you cannot take the dog to the vet and work out the monetary expense issue, then please consider taking the dog to a local animal shelter for their help in determining a humane resolution.   It is only my guess, but you may have a fungal infection. Anecdotal stories and some medical professionals describe how fungal infections thrive in alkaline conditions. One of the treatments is to thoroughly acidify the affected area . Once more acid is achieved by adjusting the pH level in your finger area, the fungi will not be able to survive. Here are a couple of old- time soaks that may help: Additional suggestions and thoughts: Apply Thyme Oil & Thuja Oil - Together, these oils have proven effective in treating stubborn fungal infections. Follow the oil applications with 1 of the above referenced soak treatments. Many treatments concentrate too much on actively trying to kill the fungus rather than changing the environmental conditions. In my opinion, the best approach to successfully treatment your finger may involve both lowering the pH and actively killing any fungus. Please don't let the word "ACID" deter your soak treatment. Boric acid has been used safely for many decades and it is even used to treat some eye aliments. " Old-time" treatments may seem unorthodox and even primitive. But over time, they were routinely used by our ancestors and have a track record of providing safe and effective remedy. You should be able to purchase all of recommended ingredients "over- the -counter " from your local pharmacy, large mart store, and/or vitamin/health store at a reasonable price. Continue to follow-up with your doctor to monitor your healing progress.   Trauma cannot be excluded , and therefore the fall and tendon injury could be the source of your trigger finger condition. I suspect that since you're receiving P.T., that you've had diagnostic tests such as x-rays to rule-out other possible events such as a facture occurring during your accident. In trigger finger, there is restriction of the flexor tendon. The cause has been attributed to inflamation. The exact etiology is open to debate, but repetitive use, frequent and forceful squeezing of tools and hyperextension are on the top of list for its origin. It is possible that hyperextension occurred during your fall. Treatment efforts consist of cortisone injections, immobilization, and surgery. After 2 injections of cortisone without positive resolution, surgery is usually a consideration. Below is a link to a WebMd article on the topic. http://www.webmd.com/osteoarthritis/guide/trigger-finger  Additional details since I ran out of room: I've done so much research and haven't found an answer as to what they could possibly be, be caused from or if there's any way to get rid of them. I don't think they're cherry angiomas, and don't seem to be petechiae which is the closest thing resembling what I have, it just doesn't look the same. My normal doc didn't even have an answer, said since the spots fade when pressed there's nothing to worry about. That doesn't make me any less self conscious though or tell me how to get rid of them if it's possible. This is another photo that shows it as it's worst. http://www.askthedoctor.com/questions_images/Small-redpink-spots-rash-like-areas-on-hands-and-arms-that-fade-away-when-pressed-on-img-0.jpg  I asked my RA doc that and he said no, there is no connection to popping knuckles or joints and arthritis but my hands are always so painful and my fingers are beginning to curve and deform that I would say yes. I always popped my hands, neck, back, knees and feet whenever I could when I was younger. It felt better to do that. But now, all of those areas are problem areas for me with my arthritis. Sometimes even now I will pop something because It just needs it that release. Now, tho I can't pop like I used to due to the pain.  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  Assume anything a male tells you to convince you you can't get pregnant if you have sex with him is a LIE.  looked into getting MRI or seeing an Orthopedic specialist for a pinched Nerve or cervical Neck problems. Had a Neck n 2 shoulder repairs. I have been in pain just like yours since last Shoulder surgery n told possible SSN Super Scapular Nerve problems.  Your symptoms do not show a need of a x-ray.  You have the answer on some other page in webmd.. please go to .  See your doctor & ask to have blood work done to see if it's your thyroid. Hypothyroidism could be the problem.  It is great if your wife/gf has masterbated in the past and has orgasms. Sometimes us guys need to listen to the women. Have her show you and tell you how she can achieve an orgasm. The underside of of the clit is the most sensitive area for most women. Soft but firm rubbing/massaging of this area has produced an orgasm in every woman I have tried it on. And yes, foreplay for women is very important. Take your time and enjoy the wonderful experience.  Not being a Doctor Ican only say from experince. Sounds like either youe circulation is poor or your O2 level is low. Do you have any numbness or tinkling associated with these periods ? Hope you get your answer.  Ouch! Cooking certainly aren't uncommon. I'm sorry you've had to experience one. A burn caused by a hot pan is called a "thermal burn." A burn that blisters is considered a second-degree burn. However, a burn the size of a dime probably isn't something that requires medical attention. You should be able to , though be aware second-degree burns can cause a scar after they heal. A few don'ts: Don't put ice or butter on the burn Don't pop the blister Appropriate home treatment for minor second-degree burns includes: Rinse the burn in cool water and/or apply cool compresses to help with pain control. If you're not allergic to over-the-counter pain relievers, you may take acetaminophen (Tylenol), aspirin, or ibuprofen (Motrin) to help with the pain. Eventually, the blister will pop, deflate, or peel off on its own. When this happens, you may apply an antibiotic cream or ointment (such as triple antibiotic ointment or Neosporin) for a few days to help prevent infection. You may gently wash the burn with cool water and plain soap, then pat dry. If the burn is itching, you may take diphenhydramine (Benadryl), but be aware this medication may cause severe drowsiness so take care when using it during the day. You may keep the burned area lightly covered, if you desire. I hope this helps and you feel better soon!  Sorry to hear this. It's tough to tell what's going on here without more information. For example, did you suffer a trauma (slam your finger in the car door?) or has this condition been coming on gradually? Regardless, if you're running a fever; start to experience nausea or vomiting; have difficulty opening your mouth, chewing, or swallowing; or experience difficulty breathing, you should seek medical attention. These could all be signs of a serious infection that requires rapid treatment. Otherwise, I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider to have this checked out. Whatever is occurring, it's not normal and needs to be addressed. Hope this helps!  Assuming you haven't traveled to any third-world countries recently, it's highly unlikely you have a parasite in your gums. It's much more likely you have something lodged in there, such as a popcorn hull. If your gum is very swollen, it naturally is going to move (yield) when you push on it with your finger. If the swelling is caused by an , then you could feel fluid moving around under the skin. If the situation doesn't clear up on its own within a couple of days, or if you begin experiencing severe pain, a high fever, and/or discharge from the swollen area, then a trip to the dentist is in order. Wishing you well!  The odds of your getting pregnant under the circumstances you describe is slim to none. Sperm do not survive well outside their natural environment in the male reproductive organs. Sperm have a hard enough time surviving inside the vagina (which is hostile to sperm), let alone taking on saliva and the mechanical crushing of mastication. Especially if you're describing semen transfer from the hands to the mouth while ingesting food or a beverage, the odds any sperm would survive to subsequently impregnate you during oral sex is infinitesimal. Of course, you should always practice safe sex (when you're truly having sex), and if you don't want to become pregnant then you have a responsibility to use some sort of birth control, yourself. A condom helps protect against sexually transmitted diseases and pregnancy, and you increase your chances of staying pregnancy-free by using a second birth control method, such as the pill or an IUD. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds awful. I have to state, though, that are not diagnosed by "biopsy." This makes me question whether or not you've actually seen a medical professional about the situation. Regardless, the fact your partner now exhibits the same symptoms means you both need to get to a doctor -- sooner rather than later. It's possible you have some systemic (internal) disease process that requires attention. Sinec the situation has been going on for some time and you do not report any problems breathing or with swelling inside your throat, I suggest you seek non-emergency medical attention as soon as possible. Wishing you well!  From what you're describing, these two events don't seem to be related. If the skin cracking you're now experiencing occurs at a different place on the finger from where the cut was, then the cut has nothing to do with what's going on right now. Cracking of the skin around the nail area is not an uncommon problem, especially in the winter when the air dries out due to artificial heating (using the furnace) or when the hands are placed in water for long periods of time. If you work in a job that requires you to place your hands in water -- particularly any water that contains chemicals, such as dishwashing soap, disinfectants, that sort of thing -- you should be provided with rubber gloves to protect your hands. You also would be well advised to wear rubber gloves at home whenever you work with water to help prevent this skin cracking you're experiencing. It's impossible to say what's causing this, exactly. If your health care provider prescribed steroid cream, it makes me wonder if he or she diagnosed this as a . But I'm not going to speculate here. Since the situation is bothering you, I'd suggest making another appointment with your primary care provider (or whoever prescribed the steroid cream) to discuss the situation and the diagnosis. Your PCP will be able to tell you how to manage this situation. All the best to you!  This could be a sign of . One way to tell if a person is dehydrated is to pinch the skin on the back of the hand for a second, then let go. The skin should snap back immediately. If the skin stays tented, even for a few seconds, this can be a sign of dehydration. You might try drinking more fluids, particularly water, to see if this helps your fingertip problem clear up. If it doesn't, or if the tingling issue gets worse, it would be worth making an appointment with your primary health care provider for further investigation. Hope this helps!  Split fingertips can be absolutely miserable! I'm sorry you're experiencing this. Usually, these cracks and splits are caused simply by dry skin. These problems seem to be more prevalent in the winter, when the air is dry and we're washing our hands more often, which dries out the skin. My absolute favorite treatment for split fingertips is Vitamin A & D ointment or cream. You can find this in the diaper rash aisle of any drugstore. A&D ointment is a very healing preparation. Another thing you might try is a heavy, greasy moisturizing cream, such as "bag balm" or udder cream. These products usually can be found in the section of the store where the hand lotions are kept. Lastly, try coating your fingertips with your chosen moisturizer right before bed, then putting on a pair of cotton gloves to sleep in. The gloves will keep the ointment on the fingers to do its job, plus they'll keep the sheets from getting all greasy. I hope these tips give you some relief!  So, basically, you have an itchy ? Sorry, all joking aside, my hunch is you are experiencing a repetitive motion or due to overuse of your hands while working on the computer. This symptom should not be taken lightly because repetitive motion injuries only get worse with time, not better. The sooner you address the underlying cause, the better. You're smart to be concerned about Parkinson's disease, but I want to reassure you that in Parkinson's, other than in early-onset cases. Still, I'd suggest making an appointment with your health care provider to try to discover the underlying cause of your twitching finger. If it's a repetitive motion issue, you can address the problem through . If it's something else, your doctor can help you with treatment options. I wish you the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Cracked fingertips can be very painful! If you haven't had this checked out by a medical professional, it might be worth having someone take a look just to make sure this isn't a or something that could be treated with a prescription medication. Assuming this is cracking due to dry skin, I would suggest applying A&D ointment to your fingers. You can find this preparation in the diaper rash aisle of any supermarket or drugstore. Sometimes it's called "Vitamin A & Vitamin D" ointment because that's what it contains. Vitamins A and D are essential to the healing process. You might see good results using this ointment or cream. Rubber gloves are great for protecting your hands from harsh chemicals or from the drying effects of too much contact with water. If you choose to try A&D ointment, I suggest you get a pair of cotton gloves (such as those used for gardening or light yard work), apply the ointment at bedtime, then put on the gloves and go to sleep. The gloves will help keep the ointment where it belongs instead of getting all over the sheets. I wish you all the best with this!  Well, to be honest with you, this sounds like . Edema is a fancy word for swelling. In this case, edema would refer to fluid retention in the legs. If this is a new symptom, it's worth getting it checked out by your primary care provider. Many conditions can cause edema of the legs, and several of them are treatable. Meanwhile, you can relieve this swelling by elevating your legs or wearing compression stockings (available over the counter for both women and men). If possible you might also reduce your salt intake, as this can lead to swelling of the legs. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this and hope you have sought medical treatment. Unfortunately, it's impossible to diagnose a condition like this without a physical exam. Many conditions can cause the symptoms you describe. A medical professional needs to see this and possibly run some additional tests in order to figure out what's going on. Meanwhile, be extremely careful not to touch surfaces or other people while the rash on your hands is active. Wear light gloves, if possible, to keep from spreading whatever this may be to others. I hope you get a diagnosis and feel better soon!  I certainly understand her reluctance to seek medical attention when she doesn't have insurance. Many communities offer free or low-cost clinics to people who are uninsured. Maybe you can help her find one of these. I think your daughter needs to get this checked out. It may be completely benign, such as a lipoma (a fatty non-cancerous tumor). But then again, it could be something more serious. Certainly, if your daughter has a fever or is experiencing unintended weight loss, she needs to be checked out as soon as possible. You might encourage your daughter, also, by reminding her the cost of an office visit is substantially less than the cost of an emergency room visit, so why put off getting this thing looked at? I wish your daughter all the best!  Ouch! Oh, I'm so sorry you're going through this. The symptoms you're describing do sound like ulnar nerve pain, particularly the pain to the pinky finger. That's kind of a hallmark. The fact the pain is increasing, not decreasing, over the course of three weeks means it's time for a trip to the doctor. Despite the manner in which you fell, it's possible you broke a bone in your arm or suffered a soft tissue injury to an elbow tendon or ligament. The reason to get a physical examination (and maybe an X-ray) is to get treated earlier (when the prognosis is better), rather than later (when the prognosis is worse). While this isn't an emergency, you definitely deserve to be seen by your primary care provider to diagnose what is going on and make sure you don't have any hidden fractures, either in your arms or your legs. I wish you all the best with this!  Sounds like it may be Neuropathy. At first, you may notice numbness, tingling, abnormal sensations, or pain in your feet. Some people feel like they have socks on, even though they are barefoot. Over time, this feeling spreads to your legs and hands.  Jimmy, It could be diabetic nerve pain/damage. I imagine it probably feels like your fingers are asleep, right? If so, I would chalk it up to nerve-related issues, not anything life-threatening, but you should DEFINITELY get your diabetic doc to check it out. Also, do some research on the causes of numbness & tingling in the human body, but be warned there are many causes, but the one constant is that it is almost always caused by the nerves in our bodies. Good luck. FloppyChops  Caffine will mess with absorbtion of any drug or vitamin, you should wait at least one hour or more before and one hour after taking meds or eating before any caffine intake.  Use plenty of hand creme but a good one may help   		 Sounds like Hand dermatitis (also known as hand eczema). I have suffered from it constantly for the past 7 or 8 years. Here is info from http://www.dermnetnz.org/dermatitis/hand-dermatitis.html Hand dermatitis often results from a combination of causes, including genetic makeup (constitutional factors), injury (contact with irritants) and allergy. It is frequently caused or aggravated by work, when it is known as occupational dermatitis. Hand dermatitis is particularly common in industries involving cleaning, catering, metalwork, hairdressing, healthcare and mechanical work. 	 	 		Hand dermatitis varies in severity. It may affect the backs of the hands, the palms or both sites. Often it starts as a mild intermittent complaint, but it can become increasingly severe and persistent. The affected skin initially becomes red and dry, then progresses to itchy papules (bumps) and fluid-filled blisters (vesicles), scaling, cracking (fissures), weeping (exudation) and swelling (oedema). Bacterial infection can result in pustules, crusting and pain. Longstanding dermatitis at the ends of the fingers may result in deformed nails. Hand dermatitis can spread to affect other sites, particularly the forearms and feet. 	  I don't see why not as long as there are no openings on the nail anywhere, and it is healed as far as cracks ect.  That response was appreciated. The home remedies are something worth considering. However, I'm hoping that a medical expert can answer the initial question. Sincerely, thank you for your input though.  Might be a jammed finger  Have you been tested for Mono?  You could have some soft tissue damage. Even blunt injuries to the hands may cause nerve damage.  Im sorry hear that but what it sounds like is a common wart... all you have to do is dig it out again n i know it sounds weird but throw some duck tape over it and make sure there is no oxygen getting to it eventually it'll die out and no more wart... Bamm  Have you had your neck checked out? I work for a spine surgeon and we see a lot of patients with tingling in arms, hands, and fingers. And the cause is usually cervical radiculopathy, caused by problems in the vertebrea.  YES! you could have a ruptured disc in your cervical spine.  Sounds like a pinched nerve...I have the same problem in my left arm.  Median nerves symptoms can be caused by problems from the neck all the way down to the hand. In some cases there are problems with the nerve itself, and with the mylien covering. You really need a more complete workup to determine the cause of your median nerve neuropathy rather than at face value assume its a problem with the carpal tunnel. Some patients due require re-release of the carpal tunnel, or local flap to cover the median nerve depending on the problem if the workup reveals the cause of your symtpoms localize to the carpal tunnel region.  It is not recommended that you apply ice to a burn because the ice can stick to the skin and do additional damage. You do not want to puncture the blister because that could bring on an infection. Continue to watch it and for the pain, you can try taking an acetaminophen product like Tylenol. If it continues to get worse you will need to see a health care provider.  Without insurance I would head to an urgent care center for this type of health issue. The clinics are staffed by doctors and they treat a wide range of ailments, including infections, lacerations, and bone fractures -- conditions that require immediate medical attention but that dont pose a threat to life or limb. To find a center near you, you can check the website of the Urgent Care Association of America: http://www.ucaoa.org.  It would be best to see a health care provider for an exam and possibly x-ray to check for dislocation or fracture. Here is more info about finger dislocation http://www.webmd.com/fitness-exercise/finger-dislocation  Muscle cramps and charley horses are usually symptoms of not having enough potassium or other minerals in your bloodstream. They are not usually a side effect of potassium supplements. You should discuss this with his doctor. He may not be on a high enough dose, or he may need a different type of supplement.  Yes, brittle nails is a sign of inadequate nutrition along with thinning hair, low body weight, irregular or missed periods and always feeling cold. Her diet does not sound adequate in fat or calories.  As a former Paramedic, I can tell you that is never a good idea to hit someone in the chest. A person who has fainted should be gently rolled over on their back, shaken gently and asked, "Are you OK?". If they don't respond, tilt their head and use your thumb and forefinger to pull out the chin, to open the airway. If you suspect a neck injury do the chin lift only. Listen for breathing by putting your ear to their mouth an listening for 10 seconds. If they are breathing, have someone call EMS and support their head, holding their airway open by putting your forefingers on each side of their jaw, at the angle near their ears and gently push upward. If they are not breathing then you can check their pulse in the hollow beside their Adam's Apple, then do CPR or rescue breathing. This is why everyone should do a CPR class every couple of years. Because more lives are saved with CORRECT CPR, than by all the EMT's combined.  I am glad that you are feeling better! Earaches can be pretty miserable. An earache often follows a cold or allergy flare-up. Heres what happens. Normally, the middle ear is kept free of fluid by a tiny tube called the Eustachian tube. This tube drains the fluid out of the middle ear into the back of the throat. A cold or allergy can cause this tube to become inflamed and swollen. This traps fluid in the middle ear behind the eardrum. This fluid can then get infected with bacteria or viruses causing pressure and pain. Earaches often do get better on their own after a few days. But often some of the fluid is left behind. This fluid can again become a breeding ground for another infection. It can also interfere with your hearing. WebMD has a good slideshow that shows exactly what happens with an ear infection. Have your doctor take a look to see what is going on. Depending on the cause, there may be medications or prescription nasal sprays that can help. If this is a persistent problem, ask to see an ear, nose and throat specialist. Rarely, a tube may need to be inserted into the eardrum to get rid of the fluid.  Skin peeling on the fingertips or tips of the toes is not expected as a result of diabetes. There are probably multiple potential causes including both "systemic" (internal) conditions and "contact" related (external) causes. A dermatologist or primary care provider would be the ones to see if this symptom is significant for you. The numbness in both big toes may be related or unrelated to your skin condition. Diabetic neuropathy, a common complication of diabetes, typically involves toe numbness in both feet. Skin peeling is not part of the condition. If the numbness in the toes seems clearly related to the skin peeling it is probably not diabetic neuropathy. In any case, a doctor would be an appropriate next step.  I can suppose, that you have intervertebral hernia. It would be better, if you go to the doctor and get MRI.  It would depend on how hard you hit your head. Did you break the skin or do you have a big gash? What symptoms are you experiencing? If you are feeling dizzy, are losing vision, having a severe headache, or throwing up. Then yes I would suggest you go see a doctor. Hope this is helpful  Hi Just get to an ER ASAP, don't worry they have seen these before, but its important that you go. Good Luck  Hi Before I retired I was a sparks, so being the guy who always had tape, was fixing up cut fingers, now one thing you need to remember it sterile, so no germs, if its open the as you start to tape it back do it gentle, remember pull the tape out and let it relax back, or it will just stop the blood going down her finger, so just get it clean and sterile, and tape it up as I said, give it a couple days and do it again, but be very gentle when taken the tape off, clean it and re-tape it as before. Last thought when your cleaning it use a sea salt warm water wash, sea salt helps clean and heal the wound. Hope this helps you and her. Good Luck  Hi I would think any physio should know what you need to do, but for you fingers just get some bubble wrap, and start popping between thumb and fingers one at a time, as for your wrist just start moving it aroiund will help, get a tin of beans in a carrier bag, and just start lifting it up and down, for movement and strength, you can slowly increase the weight as you go on. Suggest you google this, herbs for BDNF, you should find some interesting things to read, on livestrong you can down load some brain exercises, these should be good for you, you can also try doing code words, you can either bye mags or down load some, these should help and exercise your brain. So I do hope these help. Good Luck  Hi The thing is, this is a visual thing, go let your doctor or an ER look at it, it would be best. Good Luck  Hi Have a look at this link, it may help you, and if you lack vitamins, this would not be good for your skin. Your shivers, this could be from your body build, like being tall, and being thin. Do you suffer from Raynaud's Disease by any chance? just asking. The Link, http://www.webmd.com/beauty/face/skin-nutrition Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well just give it a few more days, the joint is a very tender place, so just needs that little bit longer, try rubbing in any kind of joint liniment, you may find this will help, and also massaging it will also help, another thing you could try is icing it for 20 minutes twice a day, this pulls blood into the area, and adds healing. Good Luck  Hi Sperm and hot water are not a good mix, I would say your pretty safe. IF you are as you say, still a virgin and it looks like your beginning to play around, having naked showers, from there to sex is not a big jump away? Yes. So don't you think its about time you got on some kind of BC, best to be safe than sorry, warning keep away from depo shot, just googel depo shot side effects, your see why. But there's always condoms as a stand by, or a Dutch cap, but the pill could be best. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your getting pins and needles as well, could be carpal tunnel syndrome or if not? could be down the same road as carpal tunnel. I had this twice both hands, now both times if affects first thing in the mornings and again at night. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Your find that sea salt would be best at cleaning and healing wounds, you can google sea salt and wounds, your find lots of good aswers. Good Luck  Hi The yeast infection if its that can be got any time from someone who dose not smoke, its just happen its from yeast and that floats around in the air. As for BV well has your guy been playing the field or you even, it just gets passed around or back and forth, for both on these you both need to be on meds or sea salt. OK, SS in a warm bath twice daily for 5 days should clear up your problem, you need just a couple of handfuls of SS in a warm bath not to deep, you must let this water get inside your vagina. One more bit of advice, if your not shaved off your pubic hairs now would be a good time to do it, YI just loves a nice warm area like your pubic hairs to live in, and when you get the chance go without nickers. lets your vagina breath, also wear cotton nickers. Doing these last 3 things will make your vagina healthy. Some links to read. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html http://www.naturecures.co.uk/fungi.htm http://www.midwiferytoday.com/articles/garlic.asp Just copy these links into google one at a time to open and read, lots of helpful info. Also google sea salt and yeast infection, sea salt and bv, sea salt and the vagina,. lots more info to read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Did she have sharp nails, it could be from this, you may have a small tear, if so it should soon heal. If your still getting a problem in a day or two go see you doctor, although a little embarrassing, but would understand. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi First have you been and seen a doctor yet? Have you been that far and had it operated on yet? After the operation it will take time before things get right, I know this from having both hands done. But Please some more info please. It is something that give lots of pain all the way up to your elbow and down your fingers, gives swelling in the fingers and in the hand, is this the trouble your getting now, if so get to your doctor, and with your doctor, get it operated on. Good Luck  Hi Best advice, go see your doctor ASAP Good Luck    Hi well I did put a picture there, but I don't think the site likes us doing that so just follow the google bit, your find it, its a sideways on picture. Good Luck  Hi, Well Jimmyboy, its all a part of growing up, sounds like you may have strained your self having to much sex and oral sex,, that's why your groin achs. As for feeling a bit off, I would put that down to you worrying to much, its all to do with anxiety and the depression your putting on your self. But if your really worried that you may have picked up something in the way of an STI or STD just wait till four weeks have passed, then get to an STD/GUM Clinic and get some tests done, but you will have to wait. But please just relax forget all these nasty thoughts your having, try thinking how at the time all the lovely sex you was having and how you enjoyed what you was doing, yes think of the happy side of life, it will make you feel good. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think your find its BV, its come back again, two choices, back to the doctor for antibiotics or you can try the sea salt treatment, you do this by taken two warm sea salt baths a day till it goes, you can google bv and sea salt, for more info, if this works for you then it would be better than filling your body with antibiotics. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Looking at it, if was on mine I would not even give it a second look, just a pimple, try stop looking for something and just live your life. Just see if in a few days if it gets a head, then as you say, its just a pimple. Good Luck  Hi If you do have broken fingers, these do need setting ASAP, I think the ER would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi I would love to say no, but there is the slightest chance, see some sperm can be in precum, even though it happened before her period, for some women it can still happen. Good Luck  Hi, As it seems you need to have your hands in water, now if you don't need to go to deep try some latex gloves, see if this cures your problem, that's as long as you don't have a problem with latex. Its just an Idea. Good Luck  Hi Erden, Its a bad place for a cut at any time, without it being a deep one, but I think you find its healing buy very, very slowly, not knowing what hand it is can you get by if you just tapped down you thumb. It might sound a bit crazy, and you will get fed up with it, but keeping it in one place will help aid the healing better, at night in you can leave it open, and don't forget to give it sae salt wash's, sea salt will aid the healing. Do hope this helps you and your problem. Good Luck  Hi, Have a look at Carpal Tunnel syndrome, you may find something for it from there, Its just an idea. Good Luck  Hi Anytime you play around with prostitutes there is always the chance of an STI or STD, and even when you don't have full unprotected sex. When you with a prostitute its liken stepping in to a mine field, the bang come in a different way. Depending how long ago this was, I would say see an STD/GUM Clinic 4 weeks after the event for testing. This way it will clear you mind. Good Luck  Hi This pain could be just mild RA, then yes he would probably think of it a minor, if you think the same way, try this its very simple way out of it, and its ok if you like hot food and can take eating chillis. Try the cayenne pepper way, have a read about cayenne pepper for ra, just google that last bit, www.cayennepepper.info your find more info. I take CP daily for ED and its cured my RA as well, when I had it was down my right hand and fingers, all gone now. I take CP and tomato paste and mix in a 1/4lb jar, thin with olive oil,you mix this to a heat that suits you, after this stat up you can slowly add more CP but slowly, you take 3 small spoonfuls first thing each morning, wash each one down with water. If you want you can add fine chopped garlic this is also very good for you blood, fine chop a whole head into a 1/4 lb jar mix with olive oil, you just add a small spoonful on top of the CP and mix in the top layer, this you now take as said. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS CP is very good for your heart, and your prostate, well also add your erections as well.  Hi, Alcoholics tend to have night sweats because the body is actually starting to go through withdrawal while they are sleeping. The body is trying to rid itself of all of the toxins that excess alcohol can put in the body. If you are quitting drinking, then make sure you are using breathable sheets on the bed such as cotton, and keep a cool drink of water by the bed. It is important to stay hydrated because a lot of water is lost through the sweat. So your best bet would be give up the drink, and become an ex-alcoholic, its your life you have to think of and not the next drink. Good Luck  Hi An RSI( repetitive strain injury ) comes to mind, have a look at this link from the Uks NHS, could give you some good advice. The Link, http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Repetitive-strain-injury/Pages/Introduction.aspx You will need to copy into google to open and read it. But also look up CPS ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) this can give the same problems, and could be from RSI. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you have a trapped nerve from your sleeping pattern. Try seeing a physio for some kind of treatment to help release it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Yes. could well be the statins doing this to you, go have a very good read on this site, www.spacedoc.com its not a joke site, its for real packed with lots of info, left hand side at the top lots there and the stuff down the right hand side. Now the only thing you can try is just coming off the, may take two weeks to get back to normal, but if by the pains have gone you now know where it come from. Just google natural ways out of high cholesterol, lots of help there as well. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Krisy The chances are very, very low to nothing, your talking about something that may never had happened, so this is now stressing you out, this stress could stop you getting your next period, and then this would give you even greater stress, why? Playing with sex, with no condoms and your not even on any BC, and this now ends up with this problem. So just calm down, just wait, and see what happens, this is all you can do for now. So in the meantime get to your doctor, get some BC pills ready as most of these start on the first day of your period, or get a whole load of condoms. Good Luck  Hi If this gets pus-sy, pick the end off with a clean needle and squeeze, the splinter should just slide out, that's if it gets that way, something you should have done 3 weeks ago? This normally happens in 24 to 36 hours. But I would just leave it for now. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Get to your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi See Above answer.  Hi, If this is from a sexual test then no, this kind of hpv is from sexual contact, OK before you go off the handle. HPV can lay dormant (inactive, undetectable, ' Hide Out") in the body for years . ... for many many years (anywhere from 1- 30 +), so there you are if you was having sex well before you got married it could have come from then. So just think on that. Good Luck  Hi, A good cure for this is to start getting either chilli powder or cayenne, into to you taken some daily, your find you can get capsules for both, but watch them, can give stomach cramps, I take cayenne daily, I mix it in tomato paste an thin with thin with olive oil, you make this to a heat that suits you at first, and over time you can build up the heat, I take 3 small tea spoons each morning with chopped garlic added in each morning. You should find this helps over time, its not a quick fix, its helped mine over the last 2 years, did start this for ED, also helps clean your blood. Do hope this helps you . Good Luck  Hi Eating a bit of dirt never hurt anybody, sorry for you rust, in fact it will do you good, give your white cells something to work on, and increases your anti virus protection. Tetanus/lock jaw we only get from a cuts when the is dirt around, but if your that worried go ask for a tetanus shot, and why you want it. Good Luck  Hi do know the feeling but not so bad, mine comes on around 9o/c for some unknown reason, but my mother had it. But I take boric acid for it, it seems to help, you take 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water and drink through the day, get your boric acid from a chemist, its best to ask the chemist for it, its cheap to buy, I get 200 grams for a euro here in Greece. Or you can take ED drugs for it, they work buy opening you veins to let your blood flow better as with boric acid, boric acid has a small Viagra effect doing the same thing. Also have a look on www,earthclinic.com look under R in ailments Do hope this helps Good Luck  Hi If this continues, then yes you should seek help sounds like its a nerve problem, have you fallen or fell backwards either lately or sometime ago, could be from that, even something simple could do it. If not then you will need test done. Good Luck  Hi This first piece of info is from the UKs NHS its a bit like your Abama scheme, but has been running since the end of WW2. What if I didnt have sex? Its possible for you to get pregnant without having sexual intercourse (penetration) if, for example: sperm get into your vagina  for example, if you or your partner have semen or pre-ejaculate on your fingers and touch your vagina your partner ejaculates near your vagina your partners erect penis comes into contact with your body near your vagina The risk of getting pregnant in this way is very low because sperm can only live for a short time outside of the body. However, if youre not planning a pregnancy, its important to know that its possible to get pregnant in this way. By the way are you natural with pubic hair or shaved? Dr. Hector Chapa answered: If sperm gets around the outside of the vagina, how likely is it to get pregnant? Not likely For conception to occur, several finely tuned processes must occur all in perfect order. First of which is cervical bathing/coating by sperm. The reason this is needed is because of all the volume deposited at the cervix, some will leak out, some will never enter the cervix, some will die in the uterine cavity. Sperm deposited on the exterior of the vagina can't "migrate" into the vaginal canal. Dr. Tony T. Ho answered: My semen came into contact outside of her vagina by my penis, i didn't release sperm there.She also has sist in her overy.Could she get pregnant? Always possible Any time there is contact of semen to a woman's genital vault, there is the possibility of pregnancy. It doesn't sound like it's very likely in this situation, but you won't get a "no, it's not possible" here. Have her do a pregnancy test in 2 weeks to be sure. Dr. Ravi D. Chauhan answered: If sperm gets on or around my vagina, can I get pregnant? Yes In a fertile woman, any contact of sperm with the vaginal tissues can result in conception.  Hi, First go have a look on www.earthclinic.com your find loads of natural help on there, look under arthritis or RA. For what I have and along with ED I take Cayenne Pepper, works well for what I have in my hands, have a read up about it on www.cayennepepper.info I take mine mixed into tomato paste, thin it down with olive oil, mix it to a heat that suits you, take 3 small tea spoonful's each morning first thing, and just keep at it. The links just copy into google to read them. Hope this helps you. Good Luck   Hi, First go have a look on www.earthclinic.com your find loads of natural help on there, look under arthritis or RA. For what I have and along with ED I take Cayenne Pepper, works well for what I have in my hands, have a read up about it on www.cayennepepper.info I take mine mixed into tomato paste, thin it down with olive oil, mix it to a heat that suits you, take 3 small tea spoonful's each morning first thing, and just keep at it. The links just copy into google to read them. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  And last sorry could not post all this in one go? Can you get pregnant from sperm outside your body? If a man ejaculates around the labia of a womans vagina the tail like whip of the sperm may guide it to the inside of a womans vagina . The mission of each sperm is to reach the unfertilized egg and it has no problem with heading in the right direction if the travel occurs quickly it can get inside where it can live up to two weeks in the womans uterus before inpregnation. no, once sperm touches oxygen or air it is killed. think of it as bacteria, it dies when its not at body temperature. The two answers above are both false. First of all, sperm are very fragile and they are not on a mission to reach a woman's egg. Truth be told, experiment after experiment has shown that sperm have no sense of direction and can't swim very well. Thus the reason that millions of sperm must be present and ejaculated INSIDE a woman so that maybe a handful can reach an egg (if present). Also sperm don't die when they hit the air, they only die once the semen dies. If you don't know, semen is the liquid you can see that contains the sperm which you can't see. If the semen is dry, the sperm are dead. Think about this, even under perfect conditions where both people are fertile and healthy, the woman is perfectly ovulating, and the man ejaculates directly into her vagina the chances of pregnancy are never more than 80%. So if under perfect conditions it is still relatively difficult to get pregnant than it is nearly impossible to get pregnant in any other fashion. Put it this way, there has never been a case other than the birth of Jesus son of Mary, where a virgin gets pregnant. So in the real world a man can't just ejaculate on a woman and get her pregnant, the two must have sex. It is impossible to keep your virginity and get pregnant because sperm must be inside a woman for her to get pregnant and this can't happen if there is no intercourse. If a man ejaculates on a woman's stomach, face, breasts, etc., there is no chance of pregnancy because the sperm can't just waltz into a woman's vagina. Many women may say that they didn't have sex and yet got pregnant, but this is not the case. Knowledge is power. So there you are there all from different sites Some doctors and some not, but you do have to remember that sperm when ejaculated inside the vagina, is there at your cervix, now just add all the way it has to travel through thick mucus, and then it has to break into the cervix, its a long way to go, I know its there job, and add into that its only a small amount of sperm, it would not be the full load? So lots to have read and think about. But why not give it a try or trial to see if can be done? But please let us know how you got on. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If they were dried when wiped then you should be OK, if they were still we with sperm, then there is always a chance, if this was within the last 72 hours, and your worried then you can take a plan B, the morning after pill. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi You say her fingers are numb? do they also go white as well? If so that Raynauds disease. Carpal tunnel give pins and needles, and fingers b2,3 and 4 get stuck in a grip, and need manipulating to get them open and working, with this you can also get swollen hands pains up your arm. So if its this then yes she needs to be operated on, I have had both hands done, they say if you get it in one hand then you will get it in the other some years later, yes that's what I got. But if its the first one Raynauds, then ED drugs will help, they open up our veins, but I use Boric Acid, it does the same thing, its just a quarter teaspoon in a litre of water and drink through the day, this works for me, and its far cheaper the ED drugs will ever be, just ask your chemist for it, its so cheap to buy. Hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Money or not get to an ER ASAP, it does have an odd shape, and if you have to rely on this to earn you money, then you wont till its been seen to, only and x-ray will tell you the whole story. Good Luck  Hi sounds like it could be Raynards Syndrome, this is were your fingers get really cold and go white, and they hurt. because of ED I do take Boric acid, this helps, it has a slight Viagra effect, it opens up our veins to let more blood flow, it seems to work for me, its just an idea, you just take a quarter tea spoonful in a litre of water and drink through the day. Or see your doctor low level ED drugs can do the same, but I get 200 grams for a euro here in Greece, it dirt cheap to buy, ask you chemist for it, if you want to try it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Are your stools really hard then? this could be part of you problem. Try taken two table spoons of olive oil twice a day, this should help soften your stools, with softer stools they should get and easy passage out. But do get your self checked out with your family background, it could be the Bowel ( colonic ) polyps, if thats what your father had, but I would see your doctor and get him to arrange tests to be done. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Are your stools really hard then? this could be part of you problem. Try taken two table spoons of olive oil twice a day, this should help soften your stools, with softer stools they should get and easy passage out. But do get your self checked out with your family background, it could be the Bowel ( colonic ) polyps, if thats what your father had, but I would see your doctor and get him to arrange tests to be done. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try this link it may just have the answer your looking for, with lots to read, but all very interesting. The link, http://www.netdoctor.co.uk/ate/heartandblood/201184.html Just copy in google to open and read. Good Luck  Hi, This can happen just see your doctor, he will do it for you , but with an instrument and not anything else, it wont take long. So see your doctor. and why your there get on some kind of BC But not depo shot it has to many side effects. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Done some very quick research, on an idea, just google these. does nicotine cause bv does nicotine cause yeast infections Now under this last one found you this, but most of the info is from smoking. http://www.yeastinfectionnews.com/types/tobacco-yeast-infections/ Tobacco Use When caused by the use of tobacco, yeast infections can occur in anyone. The reason that tobacco use increases the risk of oral thrush is that it alters the chemistry of your mouth allowing the Candida bacteria to move into a position of power. Your mouth is already a prime area as far as Candida is concerned because in is generally both warm and moist. The skin in some parts of your mouth is also very thin, allowing Candida better access to the supplies of nutrients hidden just below the surface. Generally your helper bacteria and immune system can stave off Candida infection, but if you do something like chew tobacco, smoke or just generally practice poor dental hygiene, you could be helping to swing the balance in the direction of the bacteria. If you have dentures, you are at a particularly high risk of developing oral thrush, particularly if the dentures dont fit well and if you also use tobacco, yeast infections are very likely to develop. Perhaps this will help better. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi I think your problem may stem from having the plaster to tight on your finger. You may find in a couple of days things get a lot better, the pressure must have been very extreme. Good Luck  Hi When you try and have sex, do you and your b/f have lots of foreplay, this is a way of getting your body ready for sex, its gets your juices running, ie makes you vagina wetter, is this happening? If not then you need to start on some vitamin B 6, this should sort out your wetness problem, if not try some of the sex oils you can buy. The reason behind this seems to me your just not getting wet enough for sex. Can you get yourself wet for masturbating? Hope this Helps. Good Luck  Hi Why? I have had stitch's that burst, and just taped it, heal just as good. The nurse did say border line, so just keep it taped, if he's right handed must be a left hand finger, so he should be OK, just tape the finger and the one next to together, will stop him using it to much that way. Hope this helps, and save you some time. Good Luck  Hi Have a look at the first picture down this link, a bit with a lump on a finger. The Link, http://orthoinfo.aaos.org/topic.cfm?topic=a00006 Just copy this link into google to open and read. Sere what they say, but when I was young we was told just hit it with a good heavy book, it will make you go O S*** but dose the trick, and there gone. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Look its no big thing to miss a moth at your age, if you miss two then get to your doctor, but for now I think now do not worry, but as you say could just be down to stress. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have your tried icing it, this would be a great help, should help bring the swelling down, if its the end of her finger, she may lose the nail, but don't worry it will grow back. When it comes to icing it try using iced water and keep her finger in that, apart from pain killer for the rest of the day and tonight, once she gets past this, she will just have to live with it. It may go some funny colours, till it gets really dark once you see the colour going back to normal, your know things are getting better. But keep an eye on her nail, try some kind of muscle rub on it, for me being English, it would be deep heat or counter pain are two we use. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If the bites were on your hand then yes it could be from them, mozzi bites can be a bit of a bugger at times, Try some antihistamine and any bite cream you have rub this in where the bites are. Good Luck  Hi, This sounds very much like carpal tunnel syndrome, when you wake up in the morning's are your thumb and first and second fingers locked up in a ball, and need to be opened, then if so that's it, this is cause by a band the got tighter round the nerves going into your hand, the only way out of it is a small op, its OK your not alone, I've had both hands done. So I don't think its from a blood test. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think you should pop off to the ER or your doctor, and get put on a course of antibiotics, sounds like it has infected you, this is what happens when we try to be friendly with stray cats, always keep this in mind, you never own a cat it owns you, a cat has to like you and trust you for a long time before it will befriend you, but of course feeding it will help, they will trust you but only at arms length, it takes a lot for a cat to be tamed. But do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just where did you get this idea from, lets put it this way, No Way. Good Luck  Hi If its that bad, don't you think the ER would be a good place to be? I would get there ASAP Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi If that is your problem, then its like Raynards disease, what I do for mine is take borax acid your find its cheap to buy, you take a 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water, and drink through, this relaxes the blood vessels to allow more blood through. For more info go to www.earthclinic.com look under raynards. Good Luck  Hi Put any sperm anywhere near a vagina and yes you could get pregnant. OK so you b/f ejectulated on your leg yes, and then had some on his fingers and he then fingered you yes, then you could get pregnant. Ok as you have not said when this happened if it was within the last 24 hours, then if you go out and by yourself a plan B , you have a 72 hour window in which to take it from the time it happened. so drag you b/f down to your local drug store and get him to get his money out and pay for it, tell him its a lot cheaper than paying for the baby. Do hop[e this helps you and your b/f. Good Luck  Hi I think its about time you went to an ER, sounds like you may have broken something. Good Luck  Hi This happens when stools pass your prostate and cowpers gland, this is where pre-cum is stored, also in the same area sperm is stored, so what your getting is a bit of each. From what your saying, seems you don't masturbate, by doing this once or twice a week would help by keeping your store down a bit lower than it is now, this may help your problem. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, So you say finger her, is this vaginal masturbation, or is this clitoral masturbation, I think from what you say may be the last one, clitoral, have you tried her on top facing you, this is were she can press into your pubic bone, its a great way for a women to orgasm. You could also try spending more time on foreplay, and not forgetting some women can only orgasm special ways, and your wife's is by the finger, but then she does orgasm. Think of all the women who have never experienced an orgasm in there lives. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have a read of this link, it may help you. The Link http://www.wikihow.com/Treat-Frostbite Hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like a very good bruise she gave you, you better tell to calm down. I would ice it 3 times a day for a few days and see how it goes, just a packet of frozen peas, will do, after its done just keep them for icing. Good Luck  Hi there to things you can look at, one is Arthritis, or it could be Raynaud's syndrome, I do get this and yes it hurts my fingers and joints, this is were your fingers go white from cold. I have got over it a bit, I take Boric acid daily, you get this from your chemist, its best you ask for it, I get it real cheap here in Greece, you put a 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water and drink through the day, this relax's the veins lets them open up and the blood flows better, seems to work for me, but there are other meds, but you need to see your doctor for them. Or try www.earthclinic.com may give you some other ideas. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi What you had could be related to a tonic-clonic muscle spasm, but yours would only be a mild case. Good Luck  Hi I found this bit of info on Vyvanse, it may help you. Effects of peripheral vasculopathy, including Raynaud's phenomenon, were observed in post-marketing reports at different times and at therapeutic doses in all age groups throughout the course of treatment. Signs and symptoms generally improve after reduction in dose or discontinuation of drug. I have this as well, but just use Borax acid, I take a quarter tea spoon in litre of water, and drink through the day, ask for it at your chemist, I get it here in Greece, its cheap as chips, been on it for well over two years. for more info go to www.earthclinic.com put Borax acid in the on site search box, you should get up a piece from Ted. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This sounds like carpal tunnel syndrome, I've had this, its like mine bad, you should go see your doctor, its s simple op just in for a day, but will need to be off work for 6 weeks after, and be gentle with it for a few weeks after. But see what your doctor says. Question do you get your fingers frozen when you get up in the morning, that takes a few minutes to get right, and pins and needles when you sit and relax? if so its a good sign of carpal tunnel syndrome. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If your fingers go numb, do they go white as well and really cold, if your getting all this, it could be Raynard's disease. If it is that? OK I have this as well, but just use Borax acid, I take a quarter tea spoon in litre of water, and drink through the day, ask for it at your chemist, I get it here in Greece, its cheap as chips, been on it for well over two years. for more info go to www.earthclinic.com put Borax acid in the on site search box, you should get up a piece from Ted Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, If it was a nice clean cut, you sould be OK. If its a deep cut and its clean, you may need a stitch or two, but just keep it bandaged, but not to tight, and get to an ER, get it looked at, even simple things can go wrong. Good Luck  Hi Do we take it that you mean your hymen being broken by fingering, then yes that can happen. As for HIV, broken or unbroken, if this guy had it then you would get it. Now the last bit of your question is a bit mixed up, are you now saying that you have had sex before you were broken, even just a slight entry with somebody with HIV will do the trick, perhaps you should go to STD/GUM Clinic and get some tests done. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi sounds like you have a fungal infection, I would get and see your doctor, some simple meds will do the trick. Good Luck  Hi Well this is your elbow, it sounds like your affecting your nerves, because every thing runs round the back of your elbow, just try and refrain from resting on your elbows, end of story. Your find there are a lot of people get the same thing. Good Luck  Hi, All you can do is put some paper towelling over it keep his finger up higher than his head, and just wait, when it dose decide to stop you will need to be very careful in taken it off, soak in salt water if you have to remove it. Good Luck  Hi If its like mine, it just thickens under the nail, and gives me pains through my joints, out here in Greece I was told by the chemist to use borax acid, its just a white powder, I just put half a tea spoon in my sock and it slowly goes, its not a quick fix, so with your fingers just get an ordinary glove, put some in each of the affected fingers, and wear through the night. Just ask your chemist for the borax acid powder, its very cheap to buy. I do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So your saying your cat eat a mandarin then licked your fingers, never seen a cat do that, eat fruit that is, but licking fingers, they do that a lot, I don't think liking your fingers will hurt it, they would not do that if the taste was off. Any help. Good Luck  Hi With raynards you tend to get dead white fingers that go really cold. I get over mine with Borax acid, I take a quarter teaspoon in a liter of water, drink through the day, this opens you veins to to allow blood to flow, it works similar to Viagra Have a look on www.earthclinic.com, if you put Borax acid in the search box you should get Teds post on come up. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Very doubtful you would get pregnant from this scenario.  Your symptoms are very charecteristic of "Carpal Tunnel Syndrome". and what may also be called "Trigger Finger". My concern would be the other factors. The cramping of your feet may indicate another issue which is best addressed by an MD. You may be low in certain vitamins, ... have various mal-alignments of the cervical vertebrae, ... but I as well as an MD would certainly need more info,as to where the herniated disc is/was located. My guess is that you sit for long periods behind a computer, your posture is bad, ... and you get little exercise. You should see your MD for blood work (calcium levels) and have a nuerological work-up. I suspect it's carpal tunnel from a computer keyboard, or other repetitive task. Your MD can give you better indications as to what you need to do.  yes it can  I have had the same symptoms. It could just be a pinched nerve or disc damage. To find out for sure you'll need to see an Orthopedist, Neurosurgeon, or Neurologist and get an MRI. I had surgery for mine and was pain free the next day.  You'll need to take a break and rest your elbow. Depending on if the numbness is constant or not and how long this has been going on, you really need to see your doctor to make sure nothing serious is going on. Good luck.  I also wanted to mention there is almost no bruising just some VERY SLIGHT discoloration.  If the burn is still fresh, ice compresses or putting your finger in a glass of ice water for a while will help the pain. Then, put some burn ointment or antibacterial ointment or creams on the burn and keep it covered. It may still blister a bit more, so do not pop the blisters. Let them be.  Peroxide will not cure anything; definitely not Chlamydia or gonorrhea, so keep that appointment on Monday if you think your sexual history and symptoms justify it. There is an easy urine test that can give you the correct answer. Expect a lecture about using condoms. The penis is covered by skin, and there are about a hundred reasons for itching...from allergy to your laundry detergent/dryer softeners or soap, to eczema or a fungal infection. You cannot accurately diagnose yourself over the Internet, so get a medical professional invovled.  You most likely have chronic "swimmer's ear" (otitis externa) BECAUSE you use Q-tips. Wax is not dirt...it is a beneficial, protective coating for the ear canal.When you have a wax coating (like your car), water will "bead up" and easily fall out. When you take out all of the wax, water stays in the ear and breaks down the skin...leading to a SKIN infection in your ear canal. Other causes include eczema in the ear canal, and even a fungal/yeast infection. This may be the "flakes" you are seeing. Your first step is to be properly diagnosed. See a dermatologist, ENT, or even your primary care provider. You then will need to be properly treated depending on the specific cause. While you are waiting for that appointment, throw those Q-tips in the trash and never use them again.  One possibility (of many) would be dyshydrosis or dyshydrotic eczema. This common skin condition can cause itchy, clear blisters to form on your fingers, often between them or in the web space. This condition, assuming it is what you have, is treated by topical steroids (hydrocortisone) and avoiding overly exposing your hands to water (dishes, frequent hand-washing, etc.). As you know, without the ability to physically SEE these little bumps, that this is just a blind guess.  Yeast can most definitely irritate the urethra if you have a vaginal yeast infection. Use a topical yeast cream and smear on this area as well; this can even be mixed with some 1% hydrocortisone cream to help with the irritation. It is not likely to travel UP your urethra but it can definitely irritate this delicate tissue.  I don't know...I suspect that question is best addressed to the plastic surgeon or his nursing staff. Just give them a call. I can tell you that he will not "freeze the pin", but may provide you will another type of local anesthesia if he feels it is necessary.  If you are not improving in a day or so, you may need to see a medical provider for an examination. Medical providers are bound by confidentiality, so please don't worry that your secret will be revealed to a parent. Just insist on being in the exam room alone and then disclose how this happened. What you tell a parent is really up to you.... In the meantime, spend some time sitting in a hot bathtub....and keep fingers and other objects out of your vagina until you have healed.  Corns don't occur under nails, but warts do.....This is not something that you can treat at home, so see a dermatologist.  We all lose hair periodically - hundreds a day, in fact; usually hair that is in the "resting stage". However, there can be many reasons for excessive hair loss (hypothyroidism, nutritional deficiencies, skin disorders, etc.), so it would be wise to see a dermatologist so that you can be properly examined and diagnosed.  Yes, you can get a fungal infection on your hands. Another common hand dermatitis is called dyshydrosis or dyshydrotic eczema.  I have no way of blindly diagnosing the reason for your finger pain. I cannot examine you or order an x-ray --- two things that you will need to arrange if you would like to find this answer.  You are engaging in some very, very risky behavior by having any sexual contact with a prostitute. Since you do not know the HIV or other STD status of this woman, it would be wise to curtail this activity in the future. While it would be unlikely to contact HIV in this manner, you may need to be tested for your own peace of mind. If a condom breaks during oral sex, you would be susceptable to any ORAL disease this person may have, some of which may be sexually transmitted.  He can start with his primary care medical provider. While an orthopedist or rheumatologist could be needed, the primary care provider would be able to determine which one would be appropriate, based on his or her examination and diagnostic blood tests.  Tetanus vaccines are 100% protective against tetanus for TEN YEARS. The injection does not protect you against any other wound infection -- just tetanus ---, so good first aid after any injury is always necessary. There are much better antiseptics than after shave lotion (alcohol), so perhaps you should improve your home first-aid kit. You can always get wound infections.....  You will need to take her to see a medical provider -- someone who can examine this growth first-hand. Obviously, I have no way of seeing and examining her over the Internet. There are a few possibilities, one being a wart.  Either one is fine.....this is a personal choice. A healthy vagina is no more "contaminated" than a healthy mouth. It is a good idea to wash your hands before and after tampon insertion.  There is always a possibility of a fracture when you have a crush injury. The only way you will be sure is to have it x-rayed. If you don't have any fractures....great, but if you do, it is going to require a different treatment plan. The sooner you know FOR SURE, the better.  You will need to see your medical provider so you can have your hand/fingers properly examined. It would not be possible to determine the reason(s) for your swelling over the Internet, since the exact details of your fractures is not known.  Probably not, but only time will tell. At some point, you may infected your son since I assume that you also kiss him, but maybe not this time. Intact skin is a very good barrier against infection.  I don't know....I can't see it, as you know. In order to have this traveling "black dot" properly assessed, you will need to see a medical provider -- someone who can perform a hands-on examination.  You provided appropriate care. Causing intentional pain to try and stimulate someone who has fainted is not something that should be done in most case. Paramedics do this to check and see if someone is responsive (or dead), so as long as the fainting victim is breathing, just elevate those legs and allow them to recover gently.  You should allow the dermatologist to treat this subungual (under the nail) wart. This is not something you can do at home because of the location and potential for damaging the sensitive nail bed. One treatment of freezing it with liquid nitrogen may not do it...it may require several treatments, or the nail may have to be surgically removed in order to treat it. The problem is getting any medication to the wart itself, since the nail may block direct contact. The dermatologist has many more tricks up their clinical sleeves so go back.  I have no way of determining if your arm is broke over the Internet, since I don't know the details of the injury (location, severity) or have the ability to examine you. Only an x-ray can give you that answer. Other causes to consider that may account for your symptoms would be nerve compression from the contusion sustained during the incident. Again, you will need to see your medical provider to have a definitive answer -- not something that can be done in this forum.  First....ice compresess or soak it in a glass of ice water. Second, you need to make a determination, based on the severity of the injury and the nature of the injury (how it happened), if you need to seek medical care for a possible fracture. Since I don't know the details, I would suggest that seeing a medical provider would be appropriate.  A crush injury can cause some considerable soft-tissue damage and that may not be evident on a plain x-ray, or even on an examination. Yes, fractures can be missed by the person reading them and the radiologist, so repeat x-rays are often ordered. However, if your injury was severe and you are having that array of symptoms, seeing an orthopedist or a hand-specialist may be a logical next step. At has only been three days, so things may still settle down with cold compresses and anti-inflammatory medications, but there is nothing inappropriate in arranging an orthopedic consultation for next week.  The dark red part is most likely a localized hemorrhage from the cryotherapy treatment. It will be fine.....  Masturbation is normal and is not harmful. Your decision to "stimulate yourself" is personal and private. You can stop if you want, or you can go on and pleasure yourself as you see fit.  As a child-care provider, you should be used to saliva, snot, and all types of bodily discharges. Seasoned child-care providers develop such great immune systems from these exposures that they could work in the slums of Calcutta and not get sick. However, if you are new to the kid-biz, then you will be getting sick from time to time; usually colds. Our bodies have remarkable resilience, so you will not likely have any problems from the goobery finger, but if you do get an eye infection, you will need to call your medical provider. The tears have ability to wash away a lot of those initial germs, so I suspect you will be fine.  Well...first STOP picking at it and making it bleed. Then, see a medical provider and have the wart properly treated. Freezing it with liquid nitrogen is the best in my opinion, but you can also try some of the over-the-counter methods, like acetylsalicylic acid. Your pharmacist can help.  You are correct. Bactrim DS is an antibiotic that will not be helpful in the management of gout. Unless the medical provider felt that there was a possibility of an underlying infection (Bactrim is often used for Staph infections), there would be no use if just treating gout.  Rubbing alcohol quickly evaporates and will not penetrate intact skin. You will be just fine....nothing bad will happen.  If you had this undiagnosed problem for FOUR YEARS, then it is high-time for you to SEE a medical professional about it. A dermatologist may be your best resource. The only way that you can be properly diagnosed is to have a hands-on examination. A posting is not sufficient information to make this important call.  Usually, but you had quite a crush injury. The body has a remarkable ability to re-grow a lost or damaged nail assuming the matrix (the base of the nail that has the cells needed to regenerate the nail) has not been damaged. A damaged matrix may cause the nail to grow back somewhat deformed or have a ridge. When we lose a finger, we do not grow a new one, but when we lose a nail, the body likes to replace it. Time will tell if your nail re-grows again, and comes in normally.  A finger Pulse Ox level can be adversely affected if you do not have adequate blood going to the fingers, for whatever reason. Blood oxygen can be tested on the toes and even the earlobes, depending on the machine. It can even be tested from a more invasive, arterial blood specimen, but this is rarely done anymore. You can buy your own pulse ox machine that goes on your finger relatively inexpensive now in some pharmacies and even at Costco!  Maybe, but it depends on which fingers are involved. The nerves to the hand, arm, and fingers does originate in the neck.  They may have used a product called Gel Foam or equivalent. If this is the case, just leave it alone. The skin on your fingertip should eventually regenerate and cover the missing piece, assuming the piece was not too large. When in doubt, see your primary care medical provider for an evaluation.  Not very likely. A finger prick is done at the peripheral end of the finger pad, so there are few nerves that are located here. I can hurt, yes, but true nerve damage would be very unlikely.  Why would you want do this? Your joints do not need to be cracked and the sound tends to annoy others around you. Is it safe? It has not proven to be harmful, but that doesn't mean you should do it.  By nerves....via your spinal cord.  Your first and most important step is to get an accurate diagnosis, which is based on examination findings. You may need to see an orthopedist for a higher-level examination. If the orthopedist feels that you would need imaging studies, then so be it, but right now, getting an MRI may be premature. Anti-inflammatory medications can definitiely help, but again, having a definitive diagnosis is critical, so get a referral to a specialist.  Yes, the virus that causes the common wart can spread fromt he fingers to the lips or even the inside of the nose (guess how this may have happened). The tape is a good idea, but why not just treat the wart? A few seconds of freezing it with liquid nitrogen may do it, or it could take a few treatments (depending on the location, the size of the wart, and your daughter's cooperation - this can sting). There are other, slower but less-painful methods as well. If you treat the wart on the finger, then the chance of it spreading is very unlikely.  I don't know if your feeling will return or not, but many times, these severed nerves will eventually reattach and your feeling will return. This can take a month or more. In my own case with a similar injury, my finger remained "numb" for years. Now, I have partial feeling. Unfortunately, unless the medical provider reattaches a severed nerve, you are at the mercy of your body's healing ability.  I don't know that AGE of your son, but stomatitis is only in the mouth, but if he is also having blister-like lesions appearing on his hands and the bottom of his feet, I would be highly suspicious that he has Hand, Foot, and Mouth disease (a coxsakie virus infection).  If you suspect that the injury was capable of breaking a bone, then yes. An xray is really the only way to conclusively determine if you have a fracture or not. Without the ability to examine you hand first-hand, this is really the best advise I can offer. A description is really not sufficient to make that call.  Get the finger in ice water. If the accumulation of blood is under the nail (subungual hematoma), then it may need to be drained. A hole is bored through the nail (not as bad as it sounds) to allow the blood to be released. The pressure of the accumulated blood is painful, so this procedure relieves a lot of pain. If the blood accumulation is in the soft tissue of the finger, it cannot be drained...it will need to be slowly reabsorbed by the body. If you think the injury could of resulted in a fracture, only an x-ray could confirm this.  In four days, the edges of a repair laceration should be closing and not draining; certainly not red and painful. You may have a secondary wound infection, and of course, this could be keeping the wound from properly healing. You may need antibiotics. Dehiscence is certainly possible. This wound needs to be checked and if possible, but the person who sutured you.  Warts do not have "goo" in them; they are solid masses. I would question the diagnosis and consider dyshydrotic eczema as a possibility (especially if these bumps tend to itch).  My arthritis took 5 years before it showed up on an X-ray. My one hand hurt despite no proof, and the doctor gave me Meloxicam 15 Mg Tab to take because I also have arthritis in my left knee. (I take it at night only.) X-rays don't necessarily work to the depth we expect them to, in my opinion. But my doctor knows this.  Yes you should have it checked but sometimes it seems as though they have closed but have not. I thought that with my son as well but the doctor found that they were actually still soft and open.  The sooner the better! At birth, start cleaning your childs gums with a soft infant toothbrush, or a cloth and water. As soon as the teeth begin to appear, start brushing twice daily, using fluoridated toothpaste and a soft, age-appropriate sized toothbrush. Use only a small smear of toothpaste to brush the teeth of a child less than 2 years old. For the 2-5-year-olds, dispense a pea-sized amount of toothpaste and perform or assist your childs tooth brushing. Remember that young children do not have the ability to brush their teeth effectively.  Soma or Carisoprodol is a generic drug and is used for the treatment of muscle pain and muscle injury. It is used by the person who is suffering from muscle sprain and pain. You can from chemist shop or online at  Your fingernails protect your fingers, and when you broke the nail down so far, you exposed skin that hasn't been exposed previously. So yes, you have probably "hit" a nerve, but you hit nerves any time you bump yourself. What you're feeling is nerve endings that are more sensitive due to this unexpected exposure. It will go away in time. Keep the area protected from further injury.  Delayed hypersensitivity to the metal in your ring is not uncommon even after several years. The most common allergy is nickel. Most 14k to18k gold rings contain a small amount of nickel. A quick fix is to apply a small amount of clear nail polish on the inside of the ring so that the metal is not in direct contact with your skin. Typically, platinum rings cause less of a reaction. Also, if you are wearing your ring continuously while washing your hands and doing other chores, the accumulated grease and oil will cause a reaction. Simply try removing the ring throughout the day and allow the skin underneath to get some air.  If she entered in contact with your pre-cum it is possible that she can get pregnant since it has spermatozoo that can fertilize her. If you or her have any doubts a pregnancy test can help you.  Yes it does actually.  I followed the advice of ParisJ13. The oil of oregano worked like magic! I put a few drops in water and drank it and massaged it into my hands and went to sleep. When I woke up, the water blisters were almost completely gone. I'll follow this routine until they're gone. Thank you for the advice :)  Hi! While there is no way someone online can confirm if your wrist is broken, here is some information on that may help you figure out your symptoms. And, check out this information on as well. Please visit your doctor to get your wrist checked out, so you can go back to playing hard with your kids! The WebMD Answers Staff  Good news! Here is an article on that contains the following statement, along with a lot of other great information: " . Once your nail separates from its nail bed, for whatever reason, it will not reattach. Nails grow back slowly. It takes about 6 months for fingernails and up to 18 months for toenails to grow back attached to the nail bed." The WebMD Answers Staff  Hi and welcome to WebMD Answers! While you're waiting for other responses, here is information on that will give you some idea of things that may cause numbness in your hands. Your best bet is to visit your doctor or primary care provider, tell him what's up, and get a one-on-one examination to determine exactly what's going on. We hope you get to the bottom of this soon. Take caren, The WebMD Answers Staff  Yes if it is on a nerve.  I would recommend talking to a doctor,  It sounds infected to me. I would try to get to a doctor but in the meantime, I would put a topical antibiotic on it like bacitracin or something. I hope it feels better soon.  every nite when i wake up my hands are numb  You might want to try washing your fingers after you masturbate.  No  Get over the counter wart remover. Wart usually gets removed in a week if applied daily.  I know a few women who have this problem. One consistency with them all is that they tend to masturbate a lot, only using their fingers. If your wife does this, then I would suggest talking to her about not doing it for a little while because our bodies tend to become used to achieving orgasm in it's usual way, making it harder to get there in other ways. I also agree that increased foreplay might help, too.  Usually just a lubrication like liquid dish soap will do the job. No water. Just a dish soap like Dawn or Joy. Apply it above and below to get it under the ring. And start moving the ring up and down the finger turning it as you do it. And it should slide off.  Yes ma'ma it can also cause a Uti because if the person hands ae not clean they can put bacteria in your vigina which is not helpful because of viginia contains bacteria but nto bad but it can be harmful if things where to happen like that . You have have std like herpies from brushing on someone with an outbreak maybe not std unless his finger is cut and he puts that inside you then you have get infections which can worsten like a uti and go to kidney and your blood steam which leads to kidney and heart failure protect yourself honey. I know what I am talking about  you must see a doctor immediately or er or urgent care center. I speak from experience but I am a layperson.  Internist, sounds like a infections,  Thanks Kat. That's what my neurologist said too. They did a cervical MRI and I am just waiting for the results. Is there anything that you do that seems to help?  no I have not elected to have an Op yet. I wanted to try a 2nd cortizone shot befoer I stoop to that!  may try to change to smoking to vaping..  No a girl can't get pregnant when a man puts his finger in her vagina. His finger doesn't have sperm coming out of it.  This could be a condition called Dyshirosis, I hope this is the correct spelling. I have the same thing periodically. You can look it up on here.  More than likely fungus. Check with your doctor or pharmacist for a good anti-fungul treatment.  Stop biting your finger cuticles and it should be fine after a while.  I am not an expert, but it could be poor circulation/lack of oxygen or anemia. Possibly look into these and see if she has other symptoms. Maybe they could be the cause?  He definitely found it that time  Alcohol affects every single organ in the body when one may think just the liver. I will say that one glass of wine has been proven that it is not harmful and some studies show it is good for your body. A shot of liquor will have more harm as the alcohol is highly concentrated but still has little to no effect at all on one's body. One beer will cause essentially no harm in the body as well. Now when looking at two or more drinks is when alcohol begins to turn downhill. Starting with the most important organ, your heart beat is slowed down as it is a depressant which is why caffeine is strongly disapproved while drinking. Excessive drinking amounts can cause an irregular heartbeat and difficulties down the road. The brain is affected and obviously alcohol kills brain cells. It also blocks neuron receptors which is a reason why people tend make stupid decisions while drinking. An alcoholic's brain in a study have had scans done and become significantly different from those of people who do not drink. The liver can gain fatty cells that can be hazardous if alcohol continues to be consumed over a period such as a couple years. Other problems can arise such as jaundice and liver cancer but will be caused by a lot more than just one drink for a very long time. Alcohol is also a diuretic which means it dehydrates the body which is why when drinking alcohol, many people pee out a lot of water from their body to help pass the poisons from alcohol faster. Kidneys are affected by having their functioning percentages being lowered if excessive drinking occurs. Other organs have are affected a little such as breathing and bowel movements will be slower. Another part of the body that may unnoticeably be affected is the esophagus and thyroid but primarily from liquor (not so much wine and beer) due to the higher level of alcohol percentage which results in a burning sensation when going down the throat. Ultimately, drinking one glass of alcohol will have little to no effect on a person. Drinking in moderation is the key and keeping your drinks below 4 is helpful as well. Hope this helps  no you wouldto shakey  oh yes with out it your finger could get infected  My one year old has never been properly diagnosed with Eczema but his pediatrician has told me he has a "feeling" that's what he has. About a month ago my sons finger became extremely inflamed, and during this time his eczema has flared up extremely bad on his knees and the back of his legs. We spent the first week in and out of the ER 5 times. The first visit they lanced his finger. It got worse so the second visit they had a hand surgeon come in a sedate him to lance it again. After almost a week on antibiotics and it being drained it did not get better. The size increased and the redness down his finger was spreading. The 5th time going to the ER they admitted him to the hospital and put him on IV antibiotics. They sent us home the next day and just changed his antibiotics. I hate his little body being filled with these drugs that don't seem to be doing anything. His skin began to peel off his finger and it seemed to get better for about a week but now his finger is swelling again and extremely red. They told me it was paronychia at first then a felon and herpetic whitlow. I feel they have misdiagnosed him because it's going on over a month now and he is still going through this. I've had friends and family tell me it looks like he has MRSA. Has anyone dealt with anything like this? Is there a link between Eczema and whatever is going on with his finger? Who should I seek out for this because the surgeon and his doctor haven't been very helpful. Why is this recurring so quickly? He has an appointment tomorrow with his pediatrician. *He is my first baby and I'm very worried and not sure where to look for the next step* He was on septra, cephalexin, and acyclovir the first go round and he was taking them multiple times a day. He is now on acyclovir and cephalexin again but only once a day this time. His cheeks have also been very red the past few days as well but no fever.  nutritional deficit during healing pocess  is that a contraceptive?  R u into anal play if so the lubes maybe  about two weeks ago my penis started to itch. I thought it was the new underwear but i was wrong, I have not had sex prior to it happening. I wake up from sleeping and my penis itches, I i pee and it itches. I have cleaned it everytime but it still itches. any answers would b appreciated. jim  Could have been a defective condom. Id get a pregnancy test or maybe a few of them  Generally, no. But in order to stay safe, just pour rubbing alcohol on them before you use them  I imagine that your blister has probably healed by now since you asked your question five days ago but for those people who may have the same question, I'll answer it anyway. The burn you experienced was probably a second degree burn from the hot pan. A second degree burn involves both the first and second layer of skin and causes painful blisters to appear. The best course of action is to cool the burned area, wrap it with gauze or a bandage, and take some over the counter pain relievers. It should heal just fine on its own but you should see your doctor if you have any signs of infection such as a fever, increased pain, swelling, oozing, etc.  Ask your doctor, could be some symptom of something. But maybe try drinking more water but regardless of that talk to your doctor.  Do these areas itch? Do you eat a lot of low-fat or diet foods or drink coffee with liquid creamer? If you answered yes then you might be having an allergic reaction to Carrageenan.    I have had all bone and blood test and neck and lower back xray'd and examined, no abnormalities.  I had a friend her hands were going numb when driving,her dr. told her she was holding the steering wheel too tight, she had to keep telling herself while driving to not hold the wheel so tight, i hope this helps, it helped her she just had to change her driving habit.  that depends on the location of his penis and how much sperm was ejaculated. however it is very unlikly  same thing for me. one sting one black wasp on my leg. hurt but later very big. I suggest u consult your dr. u will probably need an epinephrine pen to carry. that is an allergy to that wasp. if you get stung multiple times you could be in serious trouble. as for now benedryl, and baking soda water paste and cortisone cream for itching is good. but be prepared just in case it happens again. sometimes your first reaction is a warning and can be life threatening after that.  I honestly believe you should wait to lose your virginity until your older hunny. Not trying to sound "old school" as I'm only 20.. but waiting would be soo much better. You're 13.. I lost mine around 16 and looking back wish I would have waited. Why? Because one day your going to fall in love with an amazing man and have that haunting you. I have not been with a lot of guys at all, but I wish it could have been him that I would have lost it to. You're sooo young, condoms fail alllll theeee timeeee, and you shouldn't want to risk getting pregnant at your age,. Look at all the moms on teen mom whose lives aren't how they thought they'd be. I have friends younger than me with kids.. They can't do ANYTHING :-\ Sure your going to have urges and curiousity, and the building of hormones lol it's natural. But fight them if you can.. I pinky promise, the longer you wait the better :-) I'm not the boss of you so do as you please, but I hope this may have helped. Reply if you would like to talk :-)  . Medication alone is not enough. You should talk to your doctor, nurse or a nutritionist. They can tell you what foods to avoid and also what foods that are good to eat. Good luck.  My mother has had the numbness from elbows to the tip of the fingers and she has been diagnosed by her doctor with RA. She also has carpal tunnel syndrome on one hand. Since now I am experiencing the tingling sensation and numbness when I wake up in the morning of my right arm (elbow to the fingertips), I have discussed it with her. Mother worked at UT Medical School for 23 years and knows a lot about medicine and the human body. She calls these symptoms "Pre-Arthritis". Find a good Diagnostician and discuss your symptoms with him or her.  While I'm not a doctor and I've barely started taking medical related classes, the immediate thing that comes to mind is that you are pinching a nerve or that it is at the very least nerve related. To solve this issue, you can ice or heat (whatever feels the best for you) stop putting your head back, and get some extra sleep. If this continues for longer than 3 days with no improvement, you need to go see a doctor. If this comes with any other symptoms (such as pain) you NEED to see a doctor sooner than a few days. Good luck.  I think you have arthritis problem.  Your symptoms sounds more like a form of Arthritis, have you been checked for Rheumatoid or Psoriatic Arthritis? I have Psoriatic Arthritis and that is what I go through, I am also a diabetic not on insulin. If possible go see a Rheumatologist they will be able to diagnose you on either of these. I hope my answer was helpful  I had the same symtoms. Mine started behind my right ear, then in my neck and shortly later in my shoulder and down my arm. But after a year, pain started on my left shoulder and arm. My hands and fingers started going numb and tingling. My first MRI showed a little disc bulge. Couple of years later the MRI showed stenosis. I had surgery. Helped, but a year and half later I got internal scar tissue and I have stenosis from that, which is displacing the spinal cord. So now I'm worst than I was, So good luck! Also, an MRI always doesn't show the problem until it becomes bad. I think there are other tests that can help. Or maybe you need another pathogist to read Your MRI. AND see a Orthopaedic specialist and get on a payment plan.  Thank you for the information. it was in fact within the last 2 days but as we plan on starting a family soon after we get married in 2 months, so if we are, we are gonna welcome the blessing from God. I was just curious as to whether there was a very high possibility or not.  My son just had the same accident. So I'm curious since its been a little over a year. Has your sons nail grown back?  Is there a reason you haven't had the surgery to fix the trigger finger? From my experience (8 years a COTA in hand therapy), injections don't always work. You may want to contact a hand specialist and discuss possible surgical options.  Have you had a nerve test? I just had surgery for ulnar nerve entrapment. It was affecting my pinky and ring finger. Good Luck!  The main answer that I can think of, is it's your nerves. It can be just stress related. Have you been under more stress the past two or more months? You could be suffering from anxiety and/or depression, and not even realize it. No, that does not mean that you are psychotic, or look and behave just like the people in those antidepressant commercials either. If you look those conditions up, you may find many symptoms that match not just your pain but, possibly other symptoms you may be experiencing, too. There is also the possibility, that it could be nerve pain. I suggest that you take some time to think about not just the pain you are feeling, but also, what other problems are you experiencing? You should talk to your doctor about the pain, and anything else that is bothering you, and/or maybe causing you to behave unusual to others around you. You may also be having problems with circulation. You should just go see your doctor, an if you're the type to forget what you thought about wanting to ask then, think about what you want to ask and discuss, the day you set the appointment, write it down, or even write down everything you want to say and bring it with you. Well, I hope you do find out what is causing you that discomfort, and get some relief. If you want to, you can let me know what you found out.  Most likely this is a sebaceous cyst. There are many oil glands in the genital region and the can sometimes get clogged. Oil backs up in the gland and a small movable 'bump' forms. I have gotten many of these in various sizes. My Gyno told me to apply a warm, almost hot, wash cloth to the area 3 times a day. The heat causes the oils in the gland to unclog and the bump will go away. If it gets to big or doesn't unclog, see your doctor.  As it was your own fecal matter and not someone elses, I wouldn't worry too much. Blow your nose real well and maybe rinse with some water. It should take care of itself naturally. However, if the inside of your nose gets very sore or infected or you think you had an open cut in your nose that the fecal matter could have gotten into speak to your doctor  Not sure exactly what you have, but there are blood tests used to help diagnose arthritis and inflammation. If you haven't had any blood tests done, I'd ask your doctor for some.  Time to go back and visit the surgeon. Call his office and make an appointment today.  This has happened to me twice now. For me the bumps were on the knuckle joint of my fingers and were almost in the same place on each finger. The first time I went to an herbal store and the lady guessed (correctly) that I had eaten sushi in the past week. She said they are parasites often from sushi and gave me oil of oregano and told me to put two drops under my tongue once a day for two weeks. It worked. The last time it happend was a couple weeks ago. Because I couldn't find anything pointing me to parasites (even though I knew that was the cause...and again had eaten sushi the week before), I decided to try to get the word out there. I created http://fingerbumps.com where I posted daily pictures of my progress using Oil of Oregano. It only took 6 days this time for them to be fully gone. Check out the site and see if the pictures of the bumps on day 1 look like what you have. If so try the Oil of Oregano. I go to doctors when I need to but I do like to use herbal remedies (or at least try them first) when possible. But that's just me. Hope this helps someone.  I had same symptom on right thumb and it turned out to be a cyst. Does the lump move a bit when pushed from the side?  I broke and dislocated my pinky finger a couple of years ago and I can tell you it took a long time for the injury to heal because we use our hands for everything. But with time I am able to still use my hand and the pain is gone. Splint the finger and keep it on for a while  I have had a similar problem. What could be happening is sudden drops in your blood pressure. There are several very dangerous conditions that could be causing this...Call your doctor immediately and if he can't get you in right away , ...GO TO THE HOSPITAL......  Levaquin has a ton of negative side affects.....I would stay away from it....  You can't keep eating like this and taking medication when ever you feel like . You need to find an Endocrinologists(Diabetic Specialist) who works with a nutritionist/dietitian. They can work together to get you to a more healthy weight and keep yor blood sugar undercontrol. In some cases if you loose enought weight the diabetes will go away all together.  Maybe you should get your nerves tested. I had a neck injury that was not visible from my MRI and CAT scans and was effecting my right arm. I was feeling nerve pain down my right arm and tingling at my fingertips and also had weakness in my arm. When I injured myself, my spine pinched my nerve that runs down my arm.  yes esp if the doctor hit a nerve i have them now from injections  multiple problems.see your doctor. not just one  try castor oil every time after bath for itchiness, benadryl for allergies.ask your doctor about restless leg symptoms,could be a problem with leg nerves.hiccups, ussually is trapped air, chew your food slower,no carbonation for a day,see if that helps.  ask your doctor about carpal tunnel.mine get that way when I get tired and try to put weight on them.  Most women, statistically, do NOT have orgasms when the have intercourse or with any penetration. I am one of these women but what works with me is playing with or using a vibrator on the clitoris while having sex. Most women can orgasm from clitoris stimulation.  if you have bumps on them..if they burn or itch it could be scabies...my husband works with homeless ppl and children services so hes all the time going in horrible places or seeing the homeless and he contracted it you can get it from just about anything and its very contagious and very hard to get rid of...i would recommend you see your family pysician.hope this helps!  Source(s):  i would have it checked for eczema. try using eucerin or aquaphor and cortisone cream a couple times a day  It depends on what the causes are I would need more information.  I had injections 6 days ago in low spine. Woke this morning with bad muscle cramps in my thighs and caves. Later in the day I even was having cramps in my shoulders. I also had a headache in the top of my head that lasted most of the day. I do not know if it is the medicine or the fluid loss from the shots. It is nice seeing my ankles look normal again; the steroids did that but maybe I lost too much fluid.  You need to seriously evaluate your common sense. A stray dog licking you means he trusts and likes you. Quit letting anxiety make it anything more. If concerned, wash your hand with soapy warm water. End of story.  sounds like spider bite. if no improvement in 4 days see doctor.  you can get arth. anywhere. Soaking in warm water could help. exercise the finger to strengthen it  As a teacher of sex education Yes, it should be fine to begin sexual interaction with your boyfriend. You may find that exploration by your boyfriend may break the lining of your hymen...initially a sharp pain with cherry coloured blood is normal. Use protection and make sure that your boyfriend's hands or fingers are clean before any manual insertions.  Bed bugs?  Be safe and don't drink alcohol, esp since you are still healing.  