sometimes ear wax makes sort of like a bubble, you popped the bubble, usually the pain and loudness goes away in like.... 5 minutes, if you did it years ago, you might have busted your eardrum , hope it gets better ????  An otherwise healthy person who gets the flu will usually improve over two to five days. In some people that tired feeling may last for one week or more and very rarely the symptoms can last for several weeks (post influenza asthenia). A major concern when you get the flu is that complications can arise. This is not strictly a relapse, but the development of another illness. The risk is highest for those with diabetes; heart, lung, or kidney disease; and other chronic diseases that lower the body's resistance to infection. Persons over age 65 are also at greater risk of developing complications from the flu. A very serious complication associated with the flu is pneumonia. Shortness of breath, sharp chest pain on deep breathing, or fever lasting beyond five days are symptoms that may indicate pneumonia. Talk with your doctor if your symptoms are not improving. It is always better to wait until you are feeling better before starting back on a vigorous exercise program. It is normal to feel weak for several days after the flu, but if your symptoms persist seek medical attention to be safe.  It may be possible, but it is unlikely that the flu vaccine caused an elevation in your blood pressure. According to the CDC, the following potential side effects can present themselves after being administered the flu vaccine: Redness and soreness at the injection site; Low grade fever; and Aches. It is a positive step to routinely monitor your blood pressure. The 150/95 reading would fall into the marginally high range and should be confirmed by a medical professional over the course of 2-3 office visits. Until you see the doctor, I would take my blood pressure every other day at different locations, and at different times of the day. Record the data and what your activities were engaged in prior to the blood pressure testing. With this technique, you'll account for a defective machine and different activities, and different times of the day which can influence the reading. Show your journal of activities and B/P readings to your doctor in order to gleam patterns associated with your B/P numbers.  Also can nipple stimulation create elevated HCG or somehow else throw off a pregnancy test for a positive result or negative result? Being sick? Any help would be nice.  No, it's never too late! It is the best time to get it, but you can get it when ever you feel the need to.  take them to the hospital  First I want to say, Go To The Doctor! It will put your mind at ease, if nothing else, and reducing your stress is priority 1! There is some cramping associated with a healthy pregnancy, though (your uterus is stretching, alot! It's can be a bit uncomfortable.) So don't worry too much, just tell the doctor what you wrote here, and in the meanwhile Stay Calm!! It's the healthiest thing you can do in this situation.  Whomever gave the shot most likely gave the shot in the fat of the arm instead of the muscle.  This is great time to get a flu shot for your baby. This season, the flu vaccine is being recommended for all individuals 6 months and older. For children under 9 years old who have not received a flu vaccine before, it is recommended that they receive two doses (1 month apart) in order to have maximum immunity this season. The sooner you get the first round, the sooner you can get the second. The flu vaccine won't prevent you from getting sick with the common cold or stomach flu, but it can provide up to 80-90% protection against influenza, which is a virus responsible for many deaths and hospitalizations each winter season. Side effects are minimal -- possibly some redness or soreness at the site or a mild fever for a day. The injectable flu vaccine is made from a killed virus, so there is no chance of your baby catching the flu from the flu vaccine. I hope some of this information is helpful. Your pediatrician should be able help answer your questions, as well. I always remind my families that the more close contacts who receive the flu vaccine, the better insulated from the flu their baby will be.  The flu vaccine is safe and recommended for breastfeeding moms. The vaccine is not passed through to the baby and therefore no direct flu immunity is passed to the baby either. The rationale for encouraging parents to get the flu vaccine is that if a parent develops immunity and becomes less likely to catch the flu, then he/she is less likely to pass the flu to their baby.  The Centers for Disease Control say you can get your as long as you're not running a fever. If you simply have a mild illness (without fever), it's OK to get your flu shot. Of course, if you're allergic to eggs, have had a previous serious reaction to the flu vaccine, or have ever had , then you should talk to your health care provider before you get vaccinated for influenza. Given your symptoms, I'd recommend mentioning them to the person or clinic administering the flu shots. They may have a policy about who they will or will not vaccinate, based on physical symptoms like you describe. Feel better soon!  This is a great question, and I'm so glad you asked. Many people associate gastrointestinal upset (nausea, diarrhea) with the flu (influenza), but actually the true . Sometimes, people refer to the "stomach flu," which is actually a condition called "gastroenteritis." The nausea and diarrhea you're experiencing likely are caused by something other than influenza A. Have you by chance taken antibiotics recently? If so, that class of medications can cause gastrointestinal upset. This condition usually gets better after you finish the course of antibiotics. You also should consider eating yogurt or taking a probiotic to help with antibiotic-associated diarrhea. Be sure to drink plenty of water whenever you have diarrhea -- and wash your hands thoroughly in case you're carrying a bug that can be passed to others. If the diarrhea doesn't clear up within 14 days or so, another trip to the doctor is in order to try to figure out what's causing the problem. Wishing you well!  Your friend is misinformed. And she's doing herself and anyone around her a disservice by avoiding the flu shot. The influenza vaccine is an important tool in reducing the spread of this potentially lethal virus. When a person goes unvaccinated, they're at much higher risk for picking up the virus. Once they're infected, they can pass the virus to others. Some of the people who get the influenza virus will die. That's why it's so important to get the flu shot each year. You might reassure your friend that, according to the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), vaccines used in the United States contain only 6 or 7 ingredients. These include: Aluminum salts Sugars and/or gelatins Egg protein Penicillin, sulfa drugs Formaldehyde Thimerosol (only in multi-dose vials of flu vaccine) Those last two look scary, right? But here's the thing: These ingredients are used in tiny amounts. In fact, any given dose of a vaccine contains so little of those ingredients that they're not harmful to take. Look at it this way: If it were harmful to get a flu shot, wouldn't millions of people each year get sick and/or die from the vaccine? But they don't. In fact, except for people with an egg allergy, very few people have any adverse reaction to the flu shot, and there certainly are no long-term studies that show getting an annual flu shot has a negative impact on one's health over the course of a lifetime. I urge you not to avoid the flu shot. It's good for your health and for the health of those around you. Hope this helps!  The short answer is: Start the medications immediately. Most people do not receive prescription medications to treat the flu because it is a virus. The usual recommendation is to rest, drink plenty of fluids, and take over-the-counter medications to ease symptoms (such as headache, vomiting, etc.). But it's different when you have HIV or AIDS. When a , it is a very serious matter. The treatment plan usually includes a round of antiviral drugs given for 7 days. But here's the kicker: For maximum effectiveness, these drugs should be started with 48 hours of the onset of symptoms. So, please, begin this course of medications as soon as possible. That's not to say you should delay if you're starting the meds outside that 48-hour window. You should still begin the medications as early as possible and take the full course of antiviral drugs exactly as prescribed. Please monitor your symptoms closely. If you develop a fever (assuming you don't already have one) or if you begin to feel congested in your lungs (feeling waterlogged, coughing up sputum from the lungs, difficulty breathing), call your doctor immediately. Influenza can move quickly into pneumonia in people with a compromised immune system. Best wishes to you!  The quick answer to your question is: Yes, your family members can take with (oseltamivir), assuming none of them are allergic to the active ingredient in Mucinex, which is guaifenesin. I'm sorry to hear you have influenza raging through your family. That's awful. It's important to note that oseltamivir doesn't exactly "cure" the flu. In fact, in studies it only shortened the course of symptoms by about one day. So, your family members should not necessarily expect to feel better quickly when taking oseltamivir. That said, they shouldn't stop taking the medication just because it doesn't seem effective yet. They should take the whole course of oseltamivir, which is usually given as one pill twice a day for five days. Meanwhile, they should be OK to use other remedies, such as acetaminophen (Tylenol), ibuprofen (Motrin) or over-the-counter cough and cold remedies to help them weather the symptoms of flu. Read labels carefully so you don't get overlapping drugs in various products. For example, don't mix two cough-and-cold remedies that both contain acetaminophen. That's dangerous. And don't overlook old-fashioned chicken soup, plenty of fluids, and bed rest. Sometimes that's the only way to get over the flu. If symptoms persist (especially fever and congestion) for more than five days, it's probably a good idea to check back with the doctor. If any adult spikes a high fever (over 101F), that's a good reason to take a trip to the emergency room. Next year: Flu shots for everyone?? Prevention is always your best approach. Wishing you well!  Well, no, that's certainly not a normal reaction to receiving a . However, it's possible the two events are unrelated. Regardless, if the numbness and twitching don't clear up on their own after a few days, this is worth getting checked out by a medical professional. A number of conditions can cause the symptoms you describe. A health care provider can diagnose the problem and get you appropriate treatment. You might consider putting in a call to your primary health care provider for an appointment now, because you can always cancel it later if the symptoms go away. Unless you're exhibiting (which would not include muscle twitches), this probably isn't an emergency situation. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It can be very discouraging when we feel we're going our best for our body, but then we get sick anyway. From just the information you've given, it's impossible to tell if you're doing anything "wrong" or not. It sure doesn't sound like it. Make sure you're eating a balanced diet and consuming enough calories. (Exercising every day increases your calorie requirements.) Remember that supplements are OK, but they're no substitute for food. Make sure you're getting enough water. Make sure you practice good hand hygiene by washing your hands thoroughly (or using an antibacterial rub) regularly throughout the day, and especially after touching any fitness equipment at the gym. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, or mouth as much as possible. Many germs get transmitted this way. If it's been more than a year since your last physical exam, why not schedule an appointment with your health care provider? He or she can order a full set of blood work (labs), which will help discover if you have some underlying medical condition that is causing your symptoms. I wish you all the best!  The flu is a contagious viral illness that can cause high fevers, cough, runny nose and body aches. If you have a high fever, you can sweat with it. The flu usually lasts from a few days up to two weeks. If your symptoms continue for more than 3 days or your immune system is suppressed or you are over 65, it is important to see your doctor to make sure you don't have anything else with the flu.  The flu shot contains inactivated virus, not live virus. This should not cause any flu symptoms and is not going to make you contagious. THe nasal flu vaccine contains weak live virus but is considered safe for healthy people that are not pregnant, between the ages of 2-49. Hope this is helpful. Talk to your doctor if you are concerned or have more questions.  There is not a contraindication for getting the flu shot when taking pilocaprine. Remember, the flu shot has many benefits and must be taken every year! Check with your health care professional to make sure the injection is right for you.  Flumist is used for prevention of influenza. This doesnt mean that a person who has had the Flumist cannot catch the flu. The Flumist delivers live, but weakened, flu virus to help your body build up immunity to the virus. This way, when or if you contact the real virus, your body will have a better team of fighters to eliminate or prevent complications associated with the flu, such as death. If the child has a cold without fever and does not have any of the other contraindications (egg allergy, asthma, altered immune-compromised persons, or less than 24 months of age), then they should be fine to take the Flumist.  No  I think everyone who can get the flue shot, should get the flu shot.  Because people with the flu are contagious while they are ill and that they tend to be most contagious while they have a fever, CDC advises people who are sick with flu to stay home and away from others for at least 24 hours until after their fever is gone (without the use of fever-reducing medicines). If a sick person is around others, we advise that they cover their cough and everyone washes their hands frequently. Most flu is spread directly from a sick person to another person. While flu viruses can be spread by surfaces contaminated with flu viruses (such as by coughing on them), this is probably not a very efficient way to spread the virus. Studies have shown that human influenza viruses generally can survive on surfaces between 2 and 8 hours in usual conditions.  People with a history of GuillainBarr Syndrome that occurred after receiving influenza vaccine and who are not at risk for severe illness from influenza should generally not receive vaccine. Tell your doctor if you ever had Guillain-Barr Syndrome. Your doctor will help you decide whether the vaccine is recommended for you.  If your child has the flu, he or she should stay home until at least 24 hours after their fever is gone. Their fever should be gone without the use of a fever-reducing medicine. A fever is defined as 100F (37.8C) or higher.  Theres no benefit to receiving the flu shot a second time if you received the flu shot in September. A vaccine received in the Fall should protect you through the flu season. The flu shot for the Northern Hemisphere is formulated once a year and there have not been any updates to the influenza vaccine for the 2012-2013 season since the last time you received it.  Dont delay getting vaccinated if you want quadrivalent vaccine and it isnt available. Some quadrivalent flu vaccine is available, but most flu vaccines are trivalent this season. CDC does not recommend one flu vaccine formulation over another. Every flu vaccine is formulated to offer important protection from flu. The important thing is to get vaccinated against influenza. Find a flu vaccination clinic near you with the vaccine finder at http://vaccine.healthmap.org/.  Although it is hard to say if you have the flu or not, if you are still feeling ill, please call you healthcare provider and ask their advice about treatment for your illness If you get the flu, pumping your breast milk and having a healthy adult give your baby the breast milk is a good way to protect your baby. The flu virus is not transmitted through breast milk. Maternal antibodies are transmitted through breast milk, which may actually help protect the child if s/he was already exposed to influenza. It is OK to take antivirals to treat the flu while you are breastfeeding. If there is no one else who can take care of your baby while you are sick, try to wear a face mask at all times when you are feeding or caring for your baby. You should also be very careful about washing your hands and taking everyday precautions to prevent your baby from getting flu. Using a cloth blanket between you and your baby during feedings might also help. If you think your baby has developed flu-like symptoms, please call your healthcare provider quickly so your baby may be examined.  Most healthy adults may be able to infect others from 1 day before symptoms start to 5 to 7 days after becoming sick, while children can spread virus for longer. Antiviral drugs, such as Tamiflu, can reduce the severity of illness and the length of time you are sick and can prevent serious flu-related complications from developing. While Tamiflu can reduce virus shedding, some people will continue to shed virus during treatment. Therefore, even while on Tamiflu you can still be contagious. CDC recommends that people stay home during illness and for at least 24 hours after fever is gone, unless medical care is needed. Your fever should be gone without the use of a fever-reducing medicine.  The flu (influenza) and the common cold are caused by different viruses. The flu is caused by infection with influenza viruses. The common cold is often caused by rhinovirus infection, although a number of other viruses also can cause cold-like symptoms. Influenza and the common cold have similar symptoms and it can be difficult to tell the difference between them based on symptoms alone. In general, the flu is worse than the common cold, and symptoms of flu including fever, cough, sore throat, muscle or body aches, and extreme tiredness tend to come on suddenly. People with colds are more likely to have a runny or stuffy nose, although the flu also can cause those symptoms. Influenza infection can result in hospitalization and sometimes even death, while colds are usually milder and generally do not result in serious health problems. The best way to prevent the flu is by getting a flu vaccine each year. Also, good health habits like covering your cough and washing your hands can help stop the spread of many germs that make us sick.  Whether or not you should get the flu shot when you are sick depends, in part, on how severe your illness is. If you are sick with a fever when you go to get your flu shot, you should talk to your doctor or nurse about getting your shot at a later date. However, you can get a flu shot at the same time you have a respiratory illness without fever or if you have another mild illness. If you have questions, speak with your doctor.  Current manufacturing processes for flu vaccines include growing influenza virus in chicken eggs. For this reason, the finished vaccine contains a trace amount of egg protein. This trace amount of egg protein could cause a reaction in certain susceptible people. However, several recent studies have documented safe receipt of TIV (flu shot) in people with egg allergy, particularly those with a history of less severe reactions to egg. The current recommendation is that people with mild reactions to egg  specifically, those who have only experienced hives  can get flu vaccine, but they should get it with some additional safety measures, including observing the person for 30 minutes after vaccination. These people should receive TIV rather than the nasal spray vaccine. Also, people who have severe reactions to egg should be referred to a health care professional with expertise in the management of allergic conditions for further risk assessment before being vaccinated. Detailed recommendations for vaccination of persons with egg allergy can be found at: http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm6132a3.htm?s_cid=mm6132a3  You should go now to get the seasonal flu vaccine since it is available and not wait until the H1N1 vaccine arrives -- hopefully from a pharmacist since many pharmacists can now administer vaccines.  Actually, the H1N1 vaccine will be available as both. The nasal vaccine is the "live" virus and certain patient populations should not receive it, like pregnant women. There will also be a "killed virus" vaccine via injection that will be available as well (this one is OK for pregnant women). For more information, you can visit www.flu.gov.  This is a good question and I want to let everyone know that they can go to www.flu.gov for up-to-the-minute information and resources. The H1N1 flu varies from seasonal flu in a few ways. One of the symptoms is diarrhea and vomiting, which is not typical of seasonal flu. The other important factor that is not typical of seasonal influenza is the age group that it affects. The H1N1 virus has been affecting healthy young adults (in their 20s and 30s).  I absolutely recommend people getting the H1N1 vaccine. People do not realize that they will put themselves at more risk by not getting the vaccine. The H1N1 strain has been infecting healthy young adults, which is typically not the case for seasonal influenza. I know that there are questions about the safety, but the vaccine has been manufactured through the same process as the seasonal one. What people forget is the fact that the H1N1 vaccine was able to be manufactured more quickly because it contains only one strain whereas the seasonal influenza vaccine takes longer because it has three. It was not included in the seasonal vaccines this year because they had already started the manufacturing process. Most likely next year, the seasonal influenza vaccine will contain the H1N1 already for the 2010-11 season. So just think of a simple cooking process, things with one ingredient take a lot less time than those with three. Be smart, get vaccinated!  If you are sick with a fever, you should wait and get your flu shot at a later date. If it is just a cold or other type of mild illness, you can receive the flu shot.  Great question. The 2009 H1N1 influenza vaccines that FDA has approved will be manufactured in several formulations. Some will come in multi-dose vials and will contain thimerosal as a preservative. Multi-dose vials of seasonal influenza vaccine also contain thimerosal to prevent potential contamination after the vial is opened. Some vaccine manufacturers will be producing 2009 H1N1 influenza vaccine in single-dose units, which will not require the use of thimerosal as a preservative. In addition, the live, attenuated version of the vaccine (which is OK to give children), which is administered intranasally (through the nose), is produced in single-units and will not contain thimerosal.  Good question. The rule of thumb is that [you are no longer contagious] when you do not have a fever for more than 24 hours and did not take any medications to help reduce the fever.  Each year, the seasonal influenza vaccine contains three influenza viruses  one influenza A (H3N2) virus, one regular seasonal influenza A (H1N1) virus (not the 2009 H1N1 virus), and one influenza B virus. The influenza viruses in the seasonal flu vaccine are selected each year based on (surveillance-based) forecasts about what viruses are most likely to cause illness in the coming season. Therefore, each years seasonal flu vaccine is designed to protect against the seasonal influenza viruses expected to cause disease during that influenza season. Great question!  My advice is just the opposite  your children should be vaccinated for seasonal and H1H1 flu. The problem with the H1N1 virus is that it is affecting healthy young adults and children. We have especially seen a number of H1N1-related deaths in children if they have asthma. That alone should tell you that this is a very serious virus and if you have access to the vaccine, you and your children should get it. Each year thousands of children and adults (over 35,000) die just from seasonal flu. In my mind, it is better to be safe than sorry.  I don't think you gave him too much medicine but I have to ask why you gave him Benadryl for his lips. He may have swollen lips because of an irritation or possibly due to dehydration. You want to be very careful when using medications in children this young; they are not "little adults.  Great question. There are two kinds of 2009 H1N1 vaccines being produced and they can both be given to children. The first is a H1N1 "flu shot" -- an inactivated vaccine (containing killed virus) that is given with a needle, usually in the arm. The flu shot is approved for use in people 6 months of age and older, including healthy people, people with chronic medical conditions, and pregnant women. The second version is the H1N1 nasal spray flu vaccine -- a vaccine made with live, weakened viruses that do not cause the flu (sometimes called LAIV for "live attenuated influenza vaccine"). The live vaccine is approved for use in healthy people 2 years to 49 years of age who are not pregnant.  You should monitor other family members for the signs of the flu but that does not mean that the rest of the family should stay home if they are not sick. Make sure that you wash your hands frequently and cover your nose and mouth when coughing or sneezing to help reduce transmission of the virus.  Pregnant women should get the "flu shot" -- a vaccine made with killed flu virus. This one is given with a needle, usually in the arm. The other type of flu vaccine -- a nasal spray -- is not approved for pregnant women. This vaccine is made with live, weakened flu virus. Nasal spray flu vaccine should be used only in healthy people 2-49 years of age who are not pregnant. The nasal spray vaccine is safe for women after they have delivered, even if they are nursing.  This is actually not true. You have to get your seasonal influenza vaccine each year. The virus changes "strains" or the way it is made up so each year, manufacturers make a new batch that comes to what "strains" the CDC thinks may be present for the season.  Great question. It is hard to say because I don't know if your doctor performed the test to verify it was H1N1. If you fall into the groups to receive the H1N1 vaccine, I would still get it. If you had H1N1, you may have some immunity to it, but there are no guarantees. If you look on the CDC web site, it advises that there is no conflict if you choose to get the H1N1 vaccine if you have already had the H1N1 virus.  Yes and what a great question. Both seasonal and 2009 H1N1 flu shots or nasal spray should be given to breastfeeding mothers. Breastfeeding is fully compatible with flu vaccination, and preventing the flu in mothers can reduce the chance that the infant will get the flu. Also, by breastfeeding, mothers can pass on to the infant the antibodies that their bodies make in response to the flu shots, which can reduce the infants chances of getting sick with the flu. This is especially important for infants less than 6 months old, who have no other way of receiving vaccine antibodies, since they are too young to be vaccinated.  The whooping cough shot helps prevent infection caused by a bacteria called Bordetella pertussis. The flu shot or nasal-spray flu vaccine helps protect against getting seasonal flu caused by certain influenza (flu) viruses . So, yes if you have recently had the whooping cough shot you should also consider getting the flu shot this flu season if you have not had one recently. It is recommended that everyone 6 months and older get the flu shot every year. Annual flu shots can be given as early as August or September to help protect you from getting the flu during that particular flu season. There are certain groups of people who should talk with a doctor before getting a flu shot. These include people who are allergic to eggs, those who have had a serious reaction to the flu shot previously, and those who have had an illness called Guillain-Barre Syndrome.  Most cold medications are safe to use with thyroid hormone. The only ones that I would caution you about are the decongestants, like pseudoephedrine and phenylephrine. These could increase your heart rate and cause you to feel like you have too much thyroid hormone in your body. I suggest you talk to you pharmacist before taking any over-the-counter cold medicine so he/she can make certain it does not interact with your medication or your condition.  No. All the flu vaccines distributed throughout the country contain the same strains of flu virus.  Most over-the-counter cold and flu medications are considered safe to use for the short term while breastfeeding. Pain relievers like acetaminophen and ibuprofen, antihistamines, and decongestants are all considered safe. However, they should only be taken if absolutely necessary. If you have to choose a cold and flu medication to use while breastfeeding, it is wise to choose short-acting products over long-acting versions, and to try and take the medication right after youve breastfed. Also, topical versions (like nasal sprays) may be safer choices than oral versions of decongestants. Always check with your pharmacist or physician before taking an over-the-counter medication while breastfeeding.  No. There are no significant long-term side effects associated with Tamiflu when the child ends up not having the flu.  No. It is not. The formulation for the flu shot changes each year, based on predictions about which flu strains will be most common. The flu virus mutates very easily and rapidly, which is why we need to get flu shots every year.  The standard answer that we have seen is "No". However after the experience of my wife last year we will not be getting flu shots again. My wife, a 50 something RN got a flu shot in our GP's office during the first session of a standard 2 session annual check up. Her blood pressure was checked during that visit and it registered her typical lifelong pressure of 110/70. Three days later for the completion of the annual physical she was in the same doctors office and her blood pressure was 180/. First time it was ever recorded at anything over 120/. It has continued to be an issue since at 130-150/.  The answer is yes ... and no ... After an episode of influenza, you are immune to that particular influenza virus. The catch is that there is no single "influenza virus." Rather, the influenza virus is an assembly of several modules that vary from virus to virus, and from year to year. These modules are called epitopes, but you can think of them as viral "spare parts." Two forms of the influenza virus might share many epitopes, or just a few. You are not immune to any form of influenza made of epitopes your immune system hasn't yet seen ... The bottom line: catching seasonal flu does not give immunity to H1N1 flu, and vice versa. And catching seasonal flu this year won't likely provide immunity against flu infection next year, because that virus will have reinvented itself with new epitopes.  In the vast majority of people, influenza infection is a very uncomfortable, but brief, illness. The worst symptoms start to improve in a few days, and most people feel much better within a week. Other people take a while to get all their energy back after the flu. General weakness or fatigue, called postinfluenza asthenia, can last for several weeks in some people. A small minority of people develop complications of influenza. These can include: severe pneumonia (either from the flu virus, or a second infection from a bacteria), myositis and rhabdomyolysis (muscle breakdown, causing pain and weakness); extremely rarely, brain or spinal cord involvement. As you could guess, people experiencing these uncommon complications will have a longer course of illness, and a longer recovery from influenza.  Only your oncologist can answer this question. It's worth asking him or her, too, because depending on your cancer and its treatment, you may be at higher risk for complications from H1N1 flu, seasonal influenza, and/or bacterial pneumonia. All vaccines depend on an immune system response to "learn" how to fight the bacteria or virus. If infection by that bug (like the flu) does occur later, the immune system is prepared, and quickly destroys the invaders before they can make you sick. As you may already know, most chemotherapy suppresses the immune system. Standard practice is to delay vaccination until the immune system recovers. There's no standard point to use, and oncologists differ in their approach. They may wait for a certain period of time after chemotherapy, or vaccinate when the white blood cell count climbs past a certain point. It's believed that this makes a good response to the vaccine more likely. Other experts also recommend revaccination several months after chemotherapy is complete. Generally speaking, children's vaccines are given on schedule even while they are receiving chemotherapy. This information only applies to inactivated vaccines (including seasonal influenza, swine flu, and most others). Live vaccines (measles-mumps-rubella, varicella, oral polio, and bacillus Calmette-Guerin) should generally not be given to people receiving chemotherapy.  In the United States, the flu season usually occurs from about November until April. Officials have decided each new flu season will start on Oct. 4. Typically, activity is very low until December, and peak activity most often occurs between January and March. Ideally, the conventional flu vaccine should be administered between September and mid-November. It takes about one to two weeks after vaccination for antibodies against influenza to develop and provide protection. The CDC has published a summary list of their current recommendations of who should get the 2010-2011 vaccine: Summary of influenza vaccination recommendations, 2010 All people 6 months and older should be vaccinated annually. Protection of people at higher risk for influenza-related complications should continue to be a focus of vaccination efforts as providers and programs transition to routine vaccination of all people 6 months and older. When vaccine supply is limited, vaccination efforts should focus on delivering vaccination to people who are 6 months to 4 years (59 months) of age are 50 years of age and older have chronic pulmonary (including asthma), cardiovascular (except hypertension), renal, hepatic, neurologic, hematologic, or metabolic disorders (including diabetes mellitus) are immunosuppressed (including immunosuppression caused by medications or by human immunodeficiency virus) are or will be pregnant during the influenza season are 6 months to 18 years of age and receiving long-term aspirin therapy and who therefore might be at risk for experiencing Reye's syndrome after influenza virus infection are residents of nursing homes and other chronic-care facilities are American Indians/Alaska natives are morbidly obese (body mass index is 40 or greater) are health-care personnel are household contacts and caregivers of children aged younger than 5 years and adults aged 50 years and older, with particular emphasis on vaccinating contacts of children aged younger than 6 months; and are household contacts and caregivers of people with medical conditions that put them at higher risk for severe complications from influenza As each flu season progresses and as the CDC refines its data from previous flu seasons and pandemics, this summary may be modified. The CDC publishes routine updates about the flu at Flu.gov and at http://www.cdc.gov/flu/weekly/fluactivity.htm .  Information on the effectiveness of facemasks and respirators for the control of influenza in community settings is extremely limited. Thus, it is difficult to assess their potential effectiveness in controlling swine influenza A (H1N1) virus transmission in these settings. In the absence of clear scientific data, the interim recommendations below have been developed on the basis of public health judgment and the historical use of facemasks and respirators in other settings. In areas with confirmed human cases of swine influenza A (H1N1) virus infection, the risk for infection can be reduced through a combination of actions. No single action will provide complete protection, but an approach combining the following steps can help decrease the likelihood of transmission. These actions include frequent handwashing, covering coughs, and having ill persons stay home, except to seek medical care, and minimize contact with others in the household. Additional measures that can limit transmission of a new influenza strain include voluntary home quarantine of members of households with confirmed or probable swine influenza cases, reduction of unnecessary social contacts, and avoidance whenever possible of crowded settings. When it is absolutely necessary to enter a crowded setting or to have close contact with persons who might be ill, the time spent in that setting should be as short as possible. If used correctly, facemasks and respirators may help reduce the risk of getting influenza, but they should be used along with other preventive measures, such as avoiding close contact and maintaining good hand hygiene. A respirator that fits snugly on your face can filter out small particles that can be inhaled around the edges of a facemask, but compared with a facemask it is harder to breathe through a respirator for long periods of time. When crowded settings or close contact with others cannot be avoided, the use of facemasks or respirators in areas where transmission of swine influenza A (H1N1) virus has been confirmed should be considered as follows: Whenever possible, rather than relying on the use of facemasks or respirators, close contact with people who might be ill and being in crowded settings should be avoided. Facemasks should be considered for use by individuals who enter crowded settings, both to protect their nose and mouth from other people's coughs and to reduce the wearers' likelihood of coughing on others; the time spent in crowded settings should be as short as possible. Respirators should be considered for use by individuals for whom close contact with an infectious person is unavoidable. This can include selected individuals who must care for a sick person (e.g., family member with a respiratory infection) at home. These interim recommendations will be revised as new information about the use of facemasks and respirators in the current setting becomes available.  Unfortunately, it is possible to get the flu even if you had the flu shot. The effectiveness of the shot depends mainly on two things: the health of the person getting the shot, and the match of the viruses in the vaccine with those causing the flu that season. Before each flu season starts, the worlds major health organizations study the pattern of viruses present across the globe. They then recommend which viruses should be included in the next years flu vaccine. This years vaccine (2012) contains three separate viruses. It is also important to know that there are many other viruses besides the flu that circulate during the flu season. The flu shot will not prevent you from getting any of these other viruses. If you have flu symptoms , contact your doctor. He or she will be able to tell you if the flu is already present in your state. If so, they may suggest an antiviral medication or other treatments to help with your symptoms. I hope you feel better soon.  This is a great question! You are probably referring to a presentation that was made at the 2012 Canadian Cardiovascular Congress by Dr. Jacob Udell from the University of Toronto. Dr. Udell gave the results of his research involving over 3000 patients. About half of them had existing heart disease and the other half did not. The influenza vaccine had been given to about one half of the participants. The other group received a placebo or harmless fake vaccine. Results after one year showed that those who had received the real vaccine were about half as likely to have had a stroke, a heart attack or death due to a heart problem. These results were exciting and very interesting. However, the research looked at only 4 small studies done between 1994 and 2008. Also, the total number of people that had a stroke, heart attack or cardiac death was very small. Researchers are now trying to construct a larger study to confirm the results. It is a known fact that the flu can be associated with worsening of existing lung and heart disease. It seems logical that anything that would decrease the risk of getting the flu would therefore reduce the risk for these complications. But more research is needed to draw firm conclusions. We do know that over 200,000 American are hospitalized each year with complications from influenza. And that there are between 3,000 and 49,000 flu-related deaths annually. The CDC now recommends that everyone over the age of 6 months should get the flu vaccine. Check with your doctor if you have not already had one this year.  People who are not eating right and exercising are more susceptible to head colds and those bouts last longer and are more likely to result in complications such as pneumonia or bronchitis or sinusitis, etc. compared to people who eat right and exercise regularly. This general principle is especially true for people with diabetes (type 1 or 2) because their bodies respond particularly well to lifestyle efforts, and they are particularly "penalized" when unable to eat right or exercise. Diabetes is very unforgiving this way. The immune cells (white blood cells) are particularly sensitive to improvements (or worsening) of blood sugar control. They are among the first bodily functions to improve when the glucose control does. This probably translates into rapid reduction in risk for colds and other infections in someone who finds a way to make lifestyle changes. I believe you would not be surprised to hear an answer like this one, and I know you would like to make such changes. We all recognize it is hard to do and takes advanced planning and an organized approach.  While a mask could theoretically help prevent swine flu, its a bit much for most people and really not necessary. ... ... Sure, if someone is coughing or sneezing in your face, a mask might help. Also, if you know that you're going to be around someone with swine flu, such as a loved one, a mask might be warranted. But otherwise, thats not the most effective strategy for preventing swine flu because you don't catch most respiratory viruses from people coughing in your face. Here's what generally happens. Someone with a virus sneezes or coughs in their hand. Then, they touch something like an elevator button or a doorknob. You come along a few minutes later and touch that same button or knob. Then, without thinking about it, you touch your face -- your mouth, nose, or eyes -- and the virus takes hold of you. As mundane as it sounds, the most effective way to prevent getting respiratory viruses like swine flu is washing your hands. But most of us dont do it often enough and dont do it the right way.  It's not uncommon to get a lump in the area where you've had a shot. It should go away in a few days. If not, have your doctor check it out. In the meantime, you can put a cold compress on it, such as a bag of ice, to help with the swelling.  No, elevated blood pressure is not a known side effect of the flu vaccine. Other things, such as pain, can cause your blood pressure to rise. If your blood pressure doesn't return to normal in the next couple of days, have your doctor check it out.  There is no specific recommendation against having the flu shot before surgery. The virus in the flu shot is dead and cannot cause the flu. However, some people can feel a little achy after the flu shot and you might not want this on top of dealing with recovery from the surgery. I would ask your doctor what he/she thinks since I am not fully aware of your health and how critical it is that you get the flu shot -- meaning if you have any risks factors that make getting the flu shot as early as possible particularly important.  Yes, you can get the flu shot and the shingles vaccine on the same day. That means two shots because you can't give them in the same shot. However, the CDC does not recommend giving two "live" vaccines on the same day. That means the organisms are live but weakened. The nasal spray flu vaccine and the shingles vaccine are live. So you can't get those on the same day. In fact, the recommendation is to wait 4 weeks in between. However, there's no problem with the flu shot (the virus is dead) and the shingles vaccine on the same day.  Hi Yes I think you should be very concerned, any time you pass blood, either urine stools or with vomit, go and see your doctor, if not an ER, ASAP. Good Luck  Hi, So how many years have you been 56 yrs old then? joke. If you think your vitamin D is down then wearing sunscreen wont help you bring it up, when all you need they say is 20 minutes out in the sun without any sunscreens, this allows you to get your vitamin D levels up. Just try sitting under shade with not many cloths on, try and let your body breath, and when your around the house, and if you can go naked, your find this really lets your body breath, keep this in mind, we are all naturists under the skin? we were all born naked. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Its only if you have something, that you can spread it, but as your sneezing you could be spreading a cold around. Good Luck  Hi From info on this site. http://www.crohnsforum.com/showthrea...ight=flu+shots Seems its OK to carry on, most on there have been having them for years. Good Luck  Hi You have ingrowing hairs, and there no problem abut itch like crazy, now what you need to do is this, open each one with a clean needle, inside you should see the hair, just flick it our and pluck it, the same with all of them,, within 24 hours they should be heal up and no itching, OK the reason this has happened is because you shaved the wrong way, looking for the nice clean stubble free shave? Yes, well you have now learnt something, and this happened because you shaved the wrong way, you only shave the way the hair grows. I shave most days and have done for over 30 years, and like you did get this tell somebody put me right many, many years ago, so just passing on the info. From now on Happy Shaving. Good Luck  Hi OK I think I see what you mean, no he's right, you cant get a cold by being cold or working outside without extra clothing, and the same for flu. There both virus's and can only be passed on from somebody else. Working outside in fresh air is very good for you. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi That's how we all get after flu, just treat her cough with a cough medicine which should sort out her throat as well, and slowly her appetite will come back, when that happens her strength will come back as well, and she will feel a better, so cant see why you need a doctor? Good Luck  Hi Why not just call your doctor first, just try sicking to the Ibuprofen for the next 24 hours, and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi This piece of info may help you. Prognosis and Possible Complications Most people with mono recover fully, and can return to school or work in a few weeks. A small number of people may experience fatigue for several months. Severe complications are uncommon. They may include anemia, problems with the central nervous system or liver, rupture of the spleen, or inflammation of the heart. People who have had mononucleosis are at incresed risk of developing multiple sclerosis This is from, http://pennstatehershey.adam.com/content.aspx?productId=107&pid=33&gid=000109 If you need more info just copy this link into google to open and read. Hope its what you want. Good Luck  Hi No just stay at home keep he warm give her hot drinks and just simple pain killers, keep her fluids up, if she's not eating don't worry. But keep her away from her doctor or hospital, its all done to common sense medicine. Good Luck  Hi You should not take antibiotics for a cold/flu, they don't work for that kind of thing, so you should tell your mother=in=law, that she should know better being a nurse. Your clinic doctor should tell you the same thing. Do what the rest of us do, take an Aspirin go to bed and sweat it out. Good Luck  Hi Just in case its is the flu, stick to your bed and sweat it out of you, give it a week then you can get back to exercising, before that you wont feel like it. Good Luck  Hi well your not eating for one, and that always give us bad breath, not drinking enough fluids, and just being ill, plus your not probable cleaning your teeth, then who does when your ill. See just simple things. Good Luck  I am on BP medication (Beta and calcium channel blockers) and my home measured BP averaged 120/76. However I had a flu shot a day ago when I had my BP checked hours later averaged 138-150/86-90 over three readings. I was concerned about this.  With fever that high you may even want to consider the ER. Fever of 104 and above could be very dangerous. If you can find an emergency walk-in clinic tomorrow (assuming the fever subsides, you could save a few dollars by going there instead. You need to get that fever down though first and foremost and do it ASAP. I assume that you did not get a flu shot, and do not actively supplement with those vitamins and minerals known to bolster the immune system? I take zinc, vitamin C, probiotics and vitamin d3 and I never get the flu (or any other disease for that matter. And yes, vitamin D3 does in fact prevent the flu and most everything else. Source: http://vitamind3blog.com  Per the question below, the doctor took a nasal swab; the result said I had influenza type A.  The symptoms of influenza, regardless of the type, are really non-specific. Very early in the course of the disease, symptoms may be indistinguishable from a bad cold, like a runny/stuffy nose, cough, sore throat, or malaise. However, getting influenza is more like getting hit with a truck. Most doctors will suspect influenza as soon as they see a very ill-looking patient lying on the exam table. Within three to six hours of getting the flu, you will know it is not a common cold. The first major difference would be fever and chills. Adults rarely get a fever with a common cold (children do, however). Influenza typically starts with an impressive fever accompanied by severe body aches. One patient of mine even claimed that everything hurt, even his hair. Most people are able to function with a common cold, but with influenza you are down and out with profound fatigue. People with influenza usually complain of chest discomfort and headaches. Remember that flu is a respiratory disease, so gastrointestinal symptoms of nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea is not common, although children can experience these systemic symptoms. What people call the "stomach flu" is really not influenza at all.  He will need to address this question to his medical provider -- someone who knows him, his medical history, and can determine if he can have this year's flu vaccine (that does contain the H1N1). I have not seen reactions like your husband experiences. Since it takes about two weeks for the flu vaccine ... any flu vaccine ... to be effective, your husband may have actually had the flu from an exposure a day or so before getting the flu shot. He may have falsely attributed those symptoms to the shot. The vaccine cannot cause the flu.  Assuming you did not strain or injure your arm, I feel that it is related soley to your flu shot, I think it important to address this issue with your doctor. Sometimes, the needle used for the injection can cause a hematoma -- a pocket of blood at the injection site. This can cause an sterile abscess or even an abscess that is secondarily infected. Get it checked out.  The vaccine itself is not likely the issue, but rather the injection. Hidden under our opaque skin and subcutaneous tissue are nerves. The nurse may have given you the shot in a wrong location, or used a needle a bit too long, or it may have been a fluke -- hitting a nerve that shouldn't be there. You will need to see your medical provider, and perhaps see a neurologist. Many times, these post-injection neuropathies will self-resolve, but you need to be examined. Your inability to lift your arm is not something that can be ignored.  The flu vaccine would have absolutely no affect or association with ADHD.  How do you know you had the "flu"? Unless you had a nasal swab to confirm the diagnosis of Type A or Type B influenza (the flu), then maybe you had another flu-like illness (there are many of them). People who self-diagnose themselves with the flu are often incorrect. Besides, if you did have the flu, you only had ONE strain. The flu vaccine offers protection against three strains that may be circulating, so I would vote for you getting the flu vaccine this year.  That temperature is just a variation of normal...less than a degree below the average. This is not medically-significant.  Unfortunately, I have no way of seeing those "red stripes" over the Internet to offer you a patient-specific answer. If you are concerned, you will need to have a medical professional examine you first-hand....not something that I can accomplish in this forum. Sore throat and ear pain are all reasons to seek medical care.  If your medical provider specifically prescribed a Z-pack for this particular illness, that yes, it is safe. Remember that an antibiotic only works for a bacterial infection. It would be absolutely worthless for a viral infection. I hope that you are self-diagnosing your need for an antibiotic.  This is really the first year for quadrivalent vaccine (four types). In all of the previous years, it has been the trivalent (three types) vaccine, so you should be generally well protected. Your doctor can choose to reimmunize you, but the one you received is really good.  Diarrhea is not a symptom that is consistent with influenza. Influenza is a respiratory disease with fever (yes, it can be as high as 103) and coughing; body aches, chills, etc. If your daughter is having severe diarrhea, influenza is not the cause, and a flu vaccine would not have prevented this gastroenteritis. She most definitely picked up a pathogen of some sort, usually a virus, but she will need to see a medical provider for a proper examination.  A 99.5 temperature is normal for anyone. The average temperature is 98.6 so this is just a one degree variation that doesn't mean you have a fever. Temperatures also vary by time of day (lower in the morning; higher in the late afternoon); by as much as two degrees. If you are also tired and have an upset stomach, you may be coming down with an illness; but not likely influenza. Influenza is a respiratory disorder more associated with harsh coughing, body aches, headaches, and a high fever.  Nothing bad will happen. It takes the flu vaccine about two weeks to be effective.  Sure I can help and I do know answer, but I suggest that you try and find it yourself rather than getting the answer from someone. Just put "influenza" in your search engine and read the medical sites (including WebMD). You will find your answer in minutes....  Permanent relief? That may require a surgical reduction of those TURBINATES by an ENT specialist. One method that is used to control them non-surgically would be nasal corticosteroid sprays. This requires a prescription by your medical provider.  Confusion. Your virgin niece had the flu, and now YOU have blister like sores round your vagina (or hers)? I am not sure which one of you has the problem based on your posting. If you are talking about influenza causing blister-like vaginal sores, it does not. If you are asking what those particular sores are, I really don't know since I cannot examine them, nor order any diagnostic tests. A medical office visit is going to be needed.  I can't answer that since I do not know your diagnosis? Your medical provider appears to have treated you for both influenza (Did you have a rapid test to confirm it?) and some sort of bacterial infection requiring antibiotics. I just do not know enough about your case to accurately comment on your state of contagiousness, so I suggest that you call your medical provider....the person who is treating you.  Yes.  Assuming you are an adult, fever is often not present with a simple cold. Fever is common in children, but not adults. This is really not influenza season right now, but of course, I do not know what area of the world that you live. Influenza can definitely cause fever, but the absence or presence of a fever is not necessary to make a diagnosis. Unfortunately, I have no way of determining what you have over the Internet, based solely on your brief posting.  There are no such things as "average hospital bills" in the U.S. Emergency room charges are sooooo outrageous; almost criminal in my opinion. Charges vary for the use of the ER, the doctor's fees, and the tests that were run. Any procedures like x-rays, a CT scan (an ER favorite), IV fluids and any medications are all extra. It would not be unusual to get a bill for several thousand dollars.  About two weeks.  You cannot "catch" cancer....it is not contagious.  Ibuprofen, taken over time, can cause a stomach bleed, but blood from the stomach will not show up bright red in the stool. It would be BLACK as tar. A more likely source for bright red blood would be a location near the anal opening....a tiny fissure (tear), hemorrhoid, skin tag, etc. Hold off on the ibuprofen and aspirin for now and see your medical provider. This is really the only way you could possibly find the source, assuming the bleeding area has not already healed. You medical provider can give you some home stool-blood tests to do to check for any occult (hidden) blood that can be mixed with the stool and not obvious when using the toilet or wiping.  The trivalent vaccine (three different flu viruses) includes the most common Type B flu strain that is currently circulating, but the vaccine is only about 65% effective. I have had several vaccinated patients who still got the flu this season. So far, all have been Type A. Next year, we are promised a new and improve vaccine -- a quadrivalent one (four types).  It is NOT the flu shot....especially two weeks later. Your hives are being caused by something else, so if your doctor doesn't have a clue, ask for a referral to an allergist.  Sometimes, the "flu" really isn't the flu (influenza) at all, but rather a nasty virus. Viruses do tend to contagious a day before you were sick, and about two days later, but to count it down to the hour may be iffy. Viruses don't have watches, so it would may be possible to still pass it on for another day or so. Either way, you may end up getting blamed. I don't know the age of your grandchild, but many over the age of six months have received a flu vaccination already, and those under six months may still have protection from maternal immunity, especially if the baby is breast fed. Family members do not pass one virus back and forth to each other like a ping-pong ball, but they certainly can share any of the 200 or so known to cause respiratory illness, like colds. Basically, your grandchild needs to toughen up a bit, so what better way to do this would be a lot of grandparent kisses. After 48 hours, I would say....take a chance, if the parents are agreeable. There are some things that we cannot avoid, and that would be viral illnesses. If you don't expose them, someone else will.  There is a different flu vaccine every year, based on the circulating strains. For the next season, we will only have ONE vaccine, covering all three anticipated strains. The vaccine will include a California H1N1 strain, as well two Australian strains  Type A Perth (H3N2) and Type B Brisbane strains. A few months ago, millions of specially prepared chicken eggs were collected from special poultry establishments, and then injected with those three strains, one strain in each egg; an environment where the viruses will multiply for later harvest. June is the month when the FDA tests the purity and potency of the anticipated strains. Unlike last flu season, all three be blended into one trivalent vaccine that will be licensed for distribution. In August, the vaccine will be bottled; syringes filled, and kept in cold storage for shipment in September. By October (hopefully) we will have sufficient vaccine for everyone. I would hate to see vaccine rationing, and those lines forming again, but it could happen if there is a glitch in any of these carefully planned steps. Two weeks after getting the flu vaccine, the host should develop immunity. Then, we wait. If enough people get vaccinated, the flu will not spread rapidly like it did last year when we were caught unprepared. Of course, not everyone will want the vaccine. Some skeptical people will hold back a few weeks or a month to see if anyone is having adverse reactions. If enough people remain vulnerable, then the infection will spread in the community. Last season, nearly all of the early shipments were sent to Health Departments for mass immunization campaigns held at elementary schools, just like the 1950s. I work in a pediatric practice that sees about 400 patients a day, including many high-risk children. It took months for us to acquire enough vaccines to immunize them. Some of the local chain pharmacies had more vaccines than our clinic. We can never accurately predict the flu season until it arrives. The severity of the season depends on many factors, from the effectiveness of the vaccine and accuracy of the anticipated strains, to the distribution of vaccines and the acceptance of a sometimes-skeptical public when a new vaccine is promoted. For the most part, I trust the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the FDA. Influenza is a killer and it costs billions to fight this annual visitor. As a world community, we all have to roll up our sleeves in order to prevent the next global pandemic.  People erroneously refer to many different viral illnesses as the flu. They call diarrhea and vomiting stomach flu, when actually influenza has nothing to do with it. When you get the flu, you know it. At first, you think you are going to die. Then, you hope that you do die to end your suffering. Perhaps the most profound symptom of true influenza is the body aches. You feel like a truck ran over you. There is often a high fever, and of course, sore throat and headaches. Sometimes, even your hair hurts! If you look and feel like hell, then you probably have the flu. If your child wakes up with classic flu symptoms, dont send them to school. Most community epidemics start in the schools, so dont be the one who starts it. Just like the rapid strep test, many medical offices have a rapid influenza test. If there is any doubt that a person has influenza, I will order this quick and easy office test. If the influenza test is positive, I can at least offer the person some antiviral medication, like Tamiflu. Tamiflu doesnt cure the flu, but it does reduce the severity and shorten the course by a few days. No one can really predict the severity of this years flu season. I certainly hope we have a mild one. If enough people get vaccinated early, perhaps we can contain the spread of this traditional killer again. I am amused when people stay he just has the flu. Over 35,000 people in the U.S. die each year from the flu. In 1918, several million people died during a global influenza pandemic, and it can happen again. We all thought the H1N1 was going to be another big one, but fortunately, it was effectively contained. Do your part and get flu vaccines for yourself and your family. Its cheap insurance that can save your life of the life of someone you love.  Not likely. A toe injury should not cause the systemic symptoms like you are describing. You most likely have something else going on; perhaps a viral infection in addition to your injured toe. There are no rules in medicine that states that a person can only have one issue at a time, or that all symptoms must somehow be "connected".  No. The only side effect is that you had to pay for it twice. You will be just fine.  Having Strep (a bacteria) will not effect the effacacy of the influenza (viral) vaccine. I don't know your son's age, but he should not need to be re-vaccinated. Talk to his doctor  You cannot catch the flu (influenza) from a flu shot or the nasal vaccine. It is biologically-incapable of causing the actual illness. The flu vaccine only helps protects against ....not colds and not the "stomach flu", which is not a form of influenza.  Why [not] FluMist? It is an equally effective (some studies say "more effective") flu vaccine that can be sprayed in the nose. No needles. When I do have to negotiate with a reluctant child about a shot, I do a few things: 1. I give them choices. They can have ONE shot (assuming they only need one) or TWO! 2. I can give them a "booster" instead of a shot. (It is the same thing, but the word booster sounds less painful!) 3. They can get it in their arm or leg where it doesn't hurt very much or their EYE!!! (Of course, we don't do eye shots, so this becomes an easy choice. 4. I tell them this: "I am not supposed to do this, but if you don't tell anyone, I will use the little, tiny baby needle...the one we use for infants, instead of the big-person needle. How about that?" 5. And finally...."If this little "booster" hurts, you tell the nurse right away and she will take it out immediately!" (Of course, she is going to do that anyway.) The games we play....  What many people call "flu" is often NOT influenza. There are over 200 viral species that can cause similar respiratory symptoms. Incidentally, vomiting and diarrhea is not the flu. So, to answer your question....Yes, it is most likely something else (other than the flu).  You won't have a choice this flu season....the H1N1 is included in the seasonal vaccine. I don't know why you were skeptical...the vaccine was fine (and effective). Many people report flu-like symptoms after the vaccine, but you can't get the disease (influenza) from the vaccine.  Nothing. It would not cause harm.  No. The flu vaccine in shot form is not a LIVE vaccine. You cannot spread influenza from the shot, nor can you spread a disease you do not currently have.  Zithromax will have no effect on influenza. It is an antibiotic and this would only work for a BACTERIAL infection; influenza is a virus. The prednisone may have been for wheezing (?). Neither medication will cause swollen lymph nodes, but your underlying medical issues, whether it was influenza or not, certainly can. You would need to see your medical provider again to properly evaluate the significance of those nodes.  Influenza has absolutely nothing to do with Bells Palsy and having a history of Bells Palsy a year ago is not a contraindication for you to get a flu shot. Bells Palsy may be related to the herpes virus in some patients, but NOT ever the virus that causes influenza. Bells Palsy can be recurrent in some patients, but the flu vaccine will not trigger a reactivation of the virus that caused your issues a year ago.  Yes, assuming you are well now, a flu vaccine is not contraindicated.  No. Colds and influenza are caused by viruses, not temperature changes. Viruses enter the body through the nose, eyes, or mouth....not through the skin. You can run outside naked if you want and you will not be any more vulnerable to getting a cold or the flu. It is okay if your grandmother or mother disagrees with this statement....  I am a strong advocate for the flu shot (and other vaccines) so I think that EVERYONE should get vaccinated each year. It is not imperative that this be done, but it makes common sense since influenza tends to kill tens of thousands of people each year. If you skip a year, for whatever reason, nothing bad will happen other than the fact you will be vulnerable to getting (and spreading) this year's strains of the flu. why take the risk?  If this is your child's first influenza vaccine and your child is under two years old, then this is correct. Typically, a half-dose of preservative-free vaccine is administered, and then one month later, the second half is given. Studies have shown that this method can produce a better immune response.  Expired? How long expired? My concern would be that you did not get this season's influenza strain, but last years. If this is the case, get another one and make sure it is for FREE.  Some viruses tend to adapt and mutate (change), and the influenza virus changes all of the time. Medical science has a full time job keeping up with this primitive adaptation. Bacteria can change, too ... this is why we have drug-resistant strains of Staph (MRSA). Yes, you have to get a different flu vaccine every year, depending on the strains that are circulating. People who had pertussis (whooping cough) as a child are not always immune for life -- the recent epidemic proves this. Be glad that we have scientists keeping track of these things!  No, the flu vaccine will not cause permanent (or any) behavioral changes, but the age is significant. At age 14-15 months is really the beginning of a period often termed as the "Terrible Twos". It starts in the child's second year (like now), not the second birthday. Some of my most challenging examinations are in children of this age. This is a period that can be hallmarked by interesting tantrums, misbehavior, stranger anxiety (even with people they know),and assertion of their independence. A very challenging time, so take a deep breath....be patient, but consistent with your discipline. It will all be over in a year or so.  Yes...you can have both vaccines at the same time.  Since influenza (assuming this is what he had) only lasts about a week with the worst symptoms the first few days, she has exceeded this time. She should be examined for a secondary infection at this point.  No.....  Yes, a person can have more than one viral infection at the same time. True influenza is so miserable that how would you even know if you also had a common cold? Diagnosed early and by laboratory confirmation (there is a rapid flu test), the course of influenza can be shortened by using a drug called Tamiflu. Colds, of course, have no specific treatment. They will last about a week.  You are coughing for a reason. Coughing helps clear your airway of mucous, so if you are still coughing, then perhaps you are still having post-nasal drainage. Coughing can irritate the respiratory track, so the more that you cough, the more that you may feel the need to cough. Assuming that you are not having signs of a secondary infection, like pneumonia (fever, chills, rapid respiration) or an asthma-reaction (wheezing, shortness of breath, etc.), you can quiet an annoying cold-related cough several ways: Hydrate: drink plenty of fluids Humidify: use a cool mist humidifer or at least take a steamy shower before bedtime Soothe: Try some honey to coat your throat Suppress: You can take an over-the-counter cough suppressant that contains dextramethorophan (DM). A pharmacist can help you select a good one. Try some cough drops. Many contain soothing glycerine to help the irritated throat. Don't leave them in your mouth at bedtime, however! Control post-nasal drainage. An antihistamine may help dry up a drip. Avoid decongestants at bedtime (they increase post-nasal drainage) Any persistent cough should be taken seriously, so you may need to see a medical professional if the cough does not quiet down and completely resolve.  Every person is different. The flu shot is not 100% protective -- many of my patients who got the flu vaccine this year, developed a mutating strain of the flu. And, influenza is often misdiagnosed, so did you have a lab test to PROVE you have influenza?  Migraines "just happen", so you may be blaming the flu shot for an event that may have happened anyway. The flu vaccine does not typically trigger migraines, or at least I have not seen this reaction in my long years of practice. Should you get the flu shot next year? That is really up to you, but I am a big fan of the protective benefits of vaccines, including this one.  Yes....you can take a bath. Bathing would have no adverse effects when you have influenza. As a matter of fact, it may make you feel better.  No, the flu shot 15 minutes before would have no effect on your white blood cell count.  There are no germs that just cause pneumonia, but many pathogens (viruses, bacteria, etc.) can result in pneumonia. While the disease is not contagious, the germs that cause it may be, but exposure does not necessarily mean the exposed person will get pneumonia....they may just get a cold or nothing at all. Influenza is definitely contagious, and influenza can result in pneumonia in some people.  If you were properly diagnosed with influenza (Tamiflu will not help any other viral infection), know that this drug does not "cure" the flu or treat specific symptoms. It briefly shortens the course of the flu and alleviates the severity. Immediate or dramatic improvemenst in flu-symptoms are usually not seen. If you are still having a sore throat on day two of the flu, then you can treat this symptom separately: gargling with warm salt water, taking ibuprofen for the pain/inflammation, and drinking lots of fluids. Throat lozenges can also help.  No...patchy baldness is NOT caused by a flu shot, but it can be caused by nervous "hair-twisting", alopecia, or a fungal scalp infection (tinea capitus). It would be best for her to see a dermatologist.  No, ketones are not caused or exacerbated by a flu or meningitis vaccine.  Yes....absolutely. A flu shot can be given.  Sure. If you can medically take ibuprofen at other times, you can certainly take it after a flu vaccine if you need it.  No....I do not believe that the flu vaccine causes narcolepsy. As a matter of fact, the cause of narcolepsy is really idiopathic (not known).  There would not likely be any consequences to alcohol consumption in moderations after having influenza. Many people who self-diagnose themselves with flu did not actually have influenza, but another flu-like viral infection. Influenza causes generalized body aches, malaise, fever, and respiratory symptoms (coughing, congestion, sore throat). People who have gastrointestinal symptoms (nausea, vomiting, diarrhea) did not have the "flu" but most likely a viral gastroenteritis, often erroneously called the "stomach flu". This has no relationship to true influenza. If you did, indeed, have gastrointestinal symptoms recently, I would recommend that your alcohol consumption but very light, or none at all until you are completely well.  No...a flu vaccine will have no direct, adverse effect on your birth control injection, nor will it cause spotting.  Yes. There are no feathers in the flu vaccine. Vaccines are made using eggs as incubators, but eggs and feathers -- even if they are from the same bird -- are two, totally different allergic sensitivities. You can take the flu vaccine safely.  You are a parent. You don't need me to tell you to worry or not. Worrying come naturally. Her maternal immunity wore off about a month ago, so she is now quite vulnerable to colds (viral infections). Because she is so dang cute at this age, many people are playing with her so exposure to germs are a sure thing. She will need to get several colds in order to jump-start her own immune systems, so get used to them. This first winter can be the Cold of the Month Club. If she is in day-care, frequent colds will be a part of your life. Coughing can also be triggered by saliva. I suspect she is teething. When he lies down, the saliva or any post-nasal drainage has no where to go but down her throat. Coughing clears her airways so in some respects, it is a good thing. If she is showing signs of illness (fever, rapid breathing, wheezing, failure to improve over time, etc.), she will need to be examined by her medical provider. There will be the sound of coughing in your Christmas videso this year.  True influenza is respiratory, not intestinal, so I would be conerned that your mucous secretions would be related to an infection or inflammation in your colon. There can be many different reasons. Yes, you should be concerned. See your medical provider so that you can be properly diagnosed and treated.  There is absolutely NO connection between the seasonal flu shots and Alzheimers disease.  You have to right to make yourself vulnerable to any vaccine-preventable disease. Fortunately, there is not a global pandemic of swine flu right now, and there is not a vaccination against HIV, so you are safe.  Maybe....a little. Many people develop beneficial antibodies to the vaccine or getting influenza that can carry over for several years. Influenza viruses have an annoying habit of changing/mutating, so it is recommended that a person get a NEW vaccine each flu season to account for the changes.  Not enough information.... Rather than spend your time in self-diagnosis from the flu to reasons for your head pain (like sinusitis), it may be more beneficial for you to seek proper medical care.  PNEUMONIA and flu? Yes, you can have both at the same time.  Fever and vomiting is NOT the "flu". Influenza is a RESPIRATORY DISESASE, not a gastrointestinal disease. Her symptoms have nothing to do with the fact she had the FluMist, unless she was exposed to this DIFFERENT virus while in the waiting room. Keep her well-hydrated and in most cases, she will improve in a few days. Call her medical provider if the vomiting does not stop, since there are medications that can help.  I can't examine your ear over the Internet, but I suspect your olive oil-based ear drops have softened/liquefied your ear wax to the point where you now have a complete blockage lying against your eardrum. If you are not having any ear pain or signs of an ear infection, you can safely wash out your ear with a gentle stream of warm water (you can use an ear syringe or the shower). This will likely dislodge this waxy mass and your hearing will be miraculously improved. Do NOT use Q-tips, or you will pack the wax in more tightly.  You would just have to ask the RN for her rationale. Many people reject vaccines for a variety of reasons -- some valid, and some ridiculous. If these are her children, then she has the right not to vaccinate or decide which vaccinations her children receive. The flu vaccine is optional as far as schools are concerned, but not optional in my book. I am very pro-vaccine, but I do allow the parents the right to refuse. They do have to hear my lecture, however, but in the end, the decision is theirs. As a grandmother -- and I am a grandparent, too -- we have memories of those days before vaccinations. Some new parents have never seen the diseases that ravaged our generation.  Yes...it is safe. The flu vaccine can be given if you have a cold.  No, it is not normal. Influenza (assuming your diagnosis was correct) only lasts a week if you don't treat it; a few days less if you take Tamiflu. Tamiflu does not cure the flu...it just shortens the course. If you are still having headaches and fever, you will need to see your medical provider again.  If you received your flu vaccine in October, then it was this season's vaccine, so you are protected for the entire flu season.  Not really, but if your sensitivity to egg whites is not severe (like anaphylaxis), it could be fine. Get a blood test for egg-white allergy (RAST testing) to see how severe your allergic response might be. If your medical provider feels it is safe, based on this test, have the flu vaccine administered at a medical facility, under the care of a allergy specialist, in the event of an adverse reaction.  You are most likely having ETD (Eustachian Tube Dysfunction). The e-tubes are tiny ventilation and drainage tubes that run from your middle ear to the back of your throat. When you have a viral respiratory infection (colds, flu), these tubes can become clogged or swollen, resulting in some ear fullness/discomfort. When you blow your nose, you are forcing some air up these tubes, causing your ear to pop. In most cases, this will resolve spontaneously in few days or a few weeks, depending on the severity.  Not just the "swine flu", but any flu. Each year, influenza claims unnecessary lives and most of them are senior citizens, some without pre-existing medical problems and some without them. The best way to prevent influenza is with the annual flu vaccine taken early in the season. If exposued to influenza, there are medications (like Tamiflu) that can reduce the duration and severity of influenza.  No...a fracture ankle and influenza are NOT related. A healthy person or one with a challenged immune system can develop influenza if they are not immunized. It is not typical for anyone to get influenza in June if you are in the Northern Hemisphere, so how sure are you that it was influenza? A self-diagnosis can be incorrect. Influenza has a 24 to 72 hour incubation period, so getting any illness three weeks after your injury is not a logical association.  Yes. Antibiotics will not interfere with an influenza test.  Influenza is contagious a day before you know you have it, and about two days later (estimate). Tamiful is given for five days and must be given in the first two days of an influenza infection, so you are about a week into this illness, at least. That is assuming you were accurately diagnosed. I do not believe that you would be contagious at this point. Besides, your one-year old grandson should have been immunized for influenza....it is offered at age six months.  What would be the point? If you have started Tamiflu, it is assumed that you started on day one or two. After day three, this medication is not indicated. It really may not matter at this point the type of influenza you had (assuming you were properly diagnosed) unless you are getting worse or showing signs of a secondary infection. Rapid flu tests are not as accurate as lab based tests, so I would need to know what KIND of test you were anticipating.  I don't believe that a glass or two of wine is going to interfere in any way with a flu vaccine. Enjoy.  You are self-diagnosed and self-treated. You have lost weight and are not improving, so the answer is YES. You need to see a medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  I do not believe that your rapid heart rate or "skipped heartbeat" has anything to do with your flu shot two weeks ago. See your medical provider so a real cause can be determined.  Maybe. Many flu strains are genetically "close", so past infections, past flu vaccines, and even this year's strain may still offer some protection. This year's flu vaccine is considered to be a good match (not true in all previous years vaccine), so there has been very good protection against the true, lab-confirmed cases of influenza.  That depends on the germ....and the surface, but an influenza virus can remain on non-porous surfaces for 6-8 hours and still be capable of causing disease. Do the best that you can, but it may be futile to think that you can disinfect every surface of your home, but Lysol as many of them anyway.  Flu vaccine does not cause cancer, but ANY vaccine that you get should be specifically approved by the team of physicians that are caring for you -- the ones that know you and your medical history. The final "okay" comes from them.....  One reason would be that you misdiagnosed yourself as having influenza. Influenza in this season can be caused from one of three different viral strains, resulting in high fevers, body aches, headaches, pneumonia-like coughing, etc. Influenza is a respiratory viruses, but there are about 200 other respiratory viruses that have the potential of causing flu-like symptoms. My guess would be that you did not have true influenza (unless your illness was confirmed by a lab test), but rather one of those 200 or so other respiratory viruses. Did you get a flu vaccine this year?  You are unlikely to get sick if you take both shots at the same time. They are totally different vaccines, with different side-effects and immunological responses. I often give (killed) flu vaccine and (live) chicken pox vaccine on the same day to children. If those vaccines are free to you and you do not have any contraindications to receiving them, then I do not see a problem. Both diseases are miserable, so since they can be prevented, then go for it.  Children tend to have weaker, less-challenged immune systems. They also have a lower level of personal hygiene (like hand washing) and tend to congregate in groups of other children who share the same characteristics. Most seasonal outbreaks of influenza start in the schools or day-care.  If your boyfriend truly has influenza (many people who self-diagnose it are wrong),he may respond to prescription antiviral drug called Tamiflu. While no medication, over the counter or prescription, will cure the flu, Tamiflu will shorten the course and help alleviate the symptoms if taken soon enough (in the first two days).  I have never heard that dogs get influenza, nor need flu vaccines. Dogs do need several different immunizations, but as far as I know, influenza isn't one of them.  Yes...there is nothing in the flu vaccine that is similar to Rocephin - a cephalosporin-type antibiotic. You can get the flu shot.  Yes.  I am 58 years old and got the flu shot yesterday as it was offered at my place of employment; I had never received the flu vaccine before. My normal blood pressure is 113/60. Less than an hour after the vaccine, I was lightheaded, could not walk without assistance, and my blood pressure read 160/100. I was taken to the emergency room and stayed for two hours until my blood pressure returned to a more normal state. The doctor said it was an adverse reaction to the flu vaccination and told me never to get it again.  According to the Center for Disease Control you are contagious for 1-4 days before you ever become sick with the flu so if you are not running fever but are still contagious before the fever comes then how can you still not be contagious for at least 5 days after you stop having fever? Evidently the flu doesnt need fever to be contagious in the beginning.  Could be signs of high and low blood sugars, poor circulation, and possibly hypertension. You need to find a good doctor who will run the appropriate test and even get a CBC count to see exactly whats going on. So many possibilities.  Here is some information about and also that may help answer your question. I'm also including a link to this slideshow -- t? The WebMD Answers Staff  so you say keep from putting no sun screen when you go outside, enjoy the sun for 20 mins with the sunscreen. This will help boost my numbers. well, 20 mins with no sunscreen, I will look fried. also, I'd worked a country store for 1 1/2 years was all the time in and out of the sun. this was when I first got my Vitamin D checked, it was 11. no sure what else I can do to prevent the deed red face, and the feeling of feverish and chills after ward. I am going to check my medicines, to see which are phototsenitive  I can't seem to stop the diarrhea and have lost 3 pounds. Every time I hydrate, I end up with bright yellow watery and oily diarrhea. Suggestions to control the diarrhea or do I need to see a doctor. I also have a slight headache too.  The question is what antibiotics can I take or not take with Methadone!!! I don't know what it is. It's not just a cold/flu I was just trying to explain some of the symptoms without listing every little thing!  No  Possibly not.  I would be very surprised if you are going through premenopause. I think you should go to your doctor. I know that might not sound very helpful, but it will ease your mind as well as help you figure out what is physically wrong. I wish you luck and hope you feel better.  Are you on a diet, lost weight recently, or under a lot of stress?  I would say to get the shot. Just because you had the flu doesn't mean you wont/can't get it again.  Did she give you any specific reason? If it's a time issue, maybe you can volunteer to take your grandchildren to a nearby pharmacy or health department to get the shots.Or is she worried about its safety? Would it help to give her some stats from the CDC on vaccine safety and flu? Here's something that may help. http://www.cdc.gov/flu/protect/vaccine/vaccinesafety.htm There are myths that persist about flu shots.... my mother refuses to get one because she thinks it will give her the flu, and no amount of discussion from me will convince her otherwise. Remember that kids, especially those under 5, are more susceptible to the flu. So it's great that you are trying to talk to her about this. Remember that ultimately it's her decision as the parent, and good luck with your presuasion skills!  I have never heard this. I have heard that it's important for seniors and young children to get the flu shot because they are at higher risk of having a severe case of flu or death. I make sure my children get a flu shot every year, although they are never happy about it! Here's some information from the CDC: http://www.cdc.gov/flu/protect/children.htm http://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/disease/high_risk.htm  the flu jab lasts only one flu season, as the influenza virus mutates so often a new flu jab is introduced every year.  yes and i think start in sept. or oct. iam not sure  yes, it could help. But, don't panic about the swine flu. Although the flu can be very dangerous for the very young, very old, or already ill people; it's usually just a bad memory for most healthy adults. You're better off with frequent hand washing to prevent getting it. You can also be sure to get flu vaccinations. They even have a swine flu vaccination.  I would NOT give any oner the counter meds to a infant unless given by dr. the side affects can be LIFE THREATNING and could cauls RYE"S SYNDROME. using fever redusing med's is also not the best idea 4 a infant cause, there body's can fight fever up to 104. I' know lot's of cases that over the counrte cold meds have caused damage to infant's brain,USE BY DR. ADVICE !!  NOHARD is right....you need to shave with the way the hair grows, not against it, please!!!  Apparently you have not been to a doctor. Then again, how would you know your sugar is over 500. And your kidneys are shutting down. Like a full blown diabetic.  "Convince" a reluctant "child" to get a flu shot? Who is the adult and who is the child. There's no convincing a child. I've seen bribery done. If it was my situation, the child would have learned right from the beginning that sometimes we must do things that aren't the most pleasant but will be over soon. Never lie to a child and say it won't hurt. There was one thing I taught and allowed my children to do for a shot: Either alone or accompanied by me, to sing as loud as possible Happy Birthday. It always worked and they always wanted me to sing along, loud. Of course, the Dr. was warned first.  Please, get in touch with your doctor. He might want to examine you before giving an answer. I hope all is fine.  It takes approximately 24-48 hours for initial symptoms to appear after exposure to the influenza virus.  no it isnt the shot actually carries influenza virus so its very common to get the flu after having the shot  when you don't have a fever your not contagious  no  yes you could not saying you would but there is definitely that possibility  yes  Have u had a chest x-ray?If not u should.I have had pluresy twice which is fluid arround the lungs.it is uncomfortable and can not be cured just has to run it's course .But having a chest x-ray would rule out fluid in the lungs also.  about 24 to 48 hours  It sounds like this year from what I have been reading on the CDC page there are 4 different strains out this year  after fever subsides  I have read many articles in the past that sometimes, when a virus is leaving the body, is does so in the form of a rash. But if you're still in doubt, just call your dr.'s office and ask for the nurse. The nurse should be able to advise you.  You should just go buy her a pregnancy test from the dollar store. All she has to do is pee on it, and you will know.  if shes had a missed period that isnt coming and her test said positive shes probably pregnant, and can make an ulrasound appointment to confirm. If shes missed her period and the test says negative and shes taken multiple at home tests saying negative shes most likely NOT pregnant and pobably IS stressed out and will have a period next month, if not she might want to tell her doc to make sure nothings wrong, hope this helps. Sorry for my first short answer.  I'm not a doctor but I would think that's oversdosing a bit. Check the box itself. It usually says what you can and can't take with it.  Check with Dr for acid reflux, continous cough from reflux can also be damaging your teeth  I had this as well. I had the shot in my left shoulder yesterday and then the left side of my face went numb 5 hours later. 24 hours later it still doesn't feel quite right. Doc's are stumped and want me to watch it. Think it may be a sensation reaction. I get tingly on the left side of my tongue and random parts of my body occasionally. No twitching or drooping of face muscles. No more flu shots for this girl!  Your Granddaughter may not be immune since she didn't have time to develop immunity. But if she doesn't have flu symptoms she may not develop the flu because her natural immunity may fight it off. If she does start to develop symptoms take her in immediately and get Treatment. Marieh9  No, normally you might feel a litlle achy or have other symptoms the same night or maybe the next day but not usually a week later. It may be some other virus. Marieh9  everyone different but really its supply and demand tell her to uptake in the amount of times shes pumping even if she gets nothing it will tell her body that more is needed also make sure she has a good diet and is drinking plenty of water with my son my milk one day just kinda went away id say 2 months into it its also good to have the baby take the milk no only the pump, a mothers phyical conneation to her baby will help its more powerful than many people think. i hope this helps good luck and congrats on the baby  fever is sign of infection, the shivers is a sign of your baby trying to fright the infection, sweating is caused by your baby trying to make his or body temp go down , headaches are cause by the fever either way if its flu or something else.... any higher of a fever can fry the brain and led to brain damage , go to the hospital asap.    Taking him to the ER might be a good idea. My brother played football and never reacted like that after a bad/hard tackle, if you don't want to go to the ER at least consider a walk in clinic.  According to the U.S. CDC: "Most healthy adults may be able to infect others beginning 1 day symptoms develop and up to 5 to 7 days becoming sick. Children may pass the virus for longer than 7 days. Symptoms start 1 to 4 days after the virus enters the body. . Some persons can be infected with the flu virus but have no symptoms. During this time, those persons may still spread the virus to others."  Hi I have had similar experience due to my condition, which is hypotuatrisum, growth hormone deficient, I have that when my testosterone is low, hope that helps.  I'm not a doctor but I am having the same problem. I went to my doctor and even tho both ears look great, I have fluid behind my ear. I don't necessarily know where but they told me there is fluid in my ear but my ears looked good. I was told to use Afrin and also an allergy medication with a decongestant in it. I've been doing this for 3 days and I only notice a slight difference. but my right ear is plugged. It cracks when I drink and yawn and cough but they also told me to chew gum. I hope this helps. Good luck  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  First of all ANYONE can get HIV, just because he's a banker sweety, does not mean he's immune. I have a feeling you're a smart girl so just be smart about this, use a spermicide with the condom in case of those unexpected accidents, I actually got pregnant using a condom so they are NOT 100 percent full proof in any way, and if you're that paranoid, the only one true answer you're going to get from me to assuage your crippling paranoia? Abstinence.  I would be taking him to the doctor and letting a him listen to his lungs.  Yes you can take the fly vaccine for diabetics its not strange  A nose swab  yes it is normal it could take a week to a week in a half to fill normal agin it just the meds running there course but it will be fine  I recommend you get this cheked out with your doctor, it could be anything from colitis to the flu  I should also add that my temperature runs low - I am usually 97.6 so a fever of 100 is significant.  I'd say it takes well hour 24 hrs. for the virus to die by itself. You can use a Lysol-type spray that should help. Wash your hands frequently and use sanitizer frequently.  Airborne is supposed to boost your immune system, so if you already have the flu it won't be very effective.  