There are lots of ways to get rid of your arm hair. If you want a more permanent solution you should use a permanent hair removal system like DM6000 Pro Kit. It is affordable and really does the job. There are lots of these products on the market, you don't have to get expensive service done and best yet, you can use a product like this for other parts of your body and for other family members.  It sounds like either an infection of sebacceous glands, or you've had an at-home or salon chemical service and haven't washed it properly. I could also be from medication, flat iron is too high or you used hemp haircolor and then had another brand of hair color or texturizing service over it.  Dyeing ones hair.  Thyroid problems  There are two areas of the body where problems can arise which cause low testosterone levels. The first area is in your testicles. Testosterone is produced in the testicles. The second area is the hormone control centers in the brain, the hypothalamus and the pituitary. When testosterone levels fall the hypothalamus sends a signal to the pituitary to produce the hormones, LH and FSH. These hormones travel in the blood stream and cause the testicles to produce testosterone and sperm. The effect of low testosterone levels on a man depends on his age when the low levels develop. In adults, fatigue, lack of sex drive, and depression occur within a few weeks of developing low testosterone levels. Decreased muscle mass and body hair are less common and do not occur for a year or more after the onset of testosterone deficiency. The first step when low testosterone levels are found, is to confirm the results with repeat testing and test for free or bioavailable testosterone. Free and bioavailable testosterone are a clearer representation of the active hormone as opposed to the total testosterone which is the more commonly measured initial test. The next step is to measure LH and FSH. Normal or low levels of LH and FSH in the face of a low testosterone level suggest that the control centers in the brain are not working properly. High levels of LH and FSH pinpoint to a problem in the testicles. A CAT scan is done to see if there is a tumor in the pituitary. A common pituitary tumor that causes low testosterone levels is a prolactin tumor. This is another hormone secreted by the pituitary. Prolactin causes the hypothalamic region of the brain to malfunction. Besides tumors, damage to the pituitary gland or hypothalamus in adults can occur from surgery, injury, infections, radiation therapy, and with high doses or long-term use of narcotics or steroids. Causes of failure of the testicles to produce testosterone include; chemotherapy, radiation therapy, excessive alcohol consumption, infections such as mumps, tumors, medications, trauma, toxins, chronic diseases, and torsion of the testicles (twisting). Sometimes no specific cause is found. Talk with your doctor about your hormone levels and what could be causing your symptoms. Treatment for low testosterone levels is important in men not only for their wellbeing, but to make sure that their muscles and bones stay strong.  I did it when I was 5. It's alright, just make sure he's not doing it up against the floor, or else he'll mess up his dick.  Let me answer your question directly. . Of course you may be influenced by friends, family and significant others who may have other opinions on the subject. While it can be beneficial to discuss the issue with this inner core circle of caring individuals, (I enjoy hearing the pro and con arguments)  Let me answer your question directly. . Of course you may be influenced by friends, family and significant others who may have other opinions on the subject. While it can be beneficial to discuss the issue with this inner core circle of caring individuals, (I enjoy hearing the pro and con arguments)   This is a follow-up to my original answer and in response to your updated question.There is a product called Pure Henna. I have no interest in this hair treatment, but do care about cancer patients. It is made from a plant called Henna that is used to make some medicines including hair coloring products. It may and also contain indigo that is also listed as being 100% herbal. The following is a link to a WebMd article discussing Henna. http://www.webmd.com/vitamins-supplements/ingredientmono-854-HENNA.aspx?activeIngredientId=854&activeIngredientName=HENNA It is advertised as being 100% herbal without any hair dye chemicals or metallic salts added. It is promoted as being non-toxic, and safe for those who require chemical-free hair coloring. Of course each doctor may have their own individual feelings about organic rinses and the potential of them interacting with the chemotherapy. Check with your physician first , but I can see this product as one that your doctor may permit you to use. Your may view more information about this product through searching Renaissance Henna on the web. You deserve to feel your best in every possible way. I truly hope that you find an acceptable product meets your needs.  If the quality of your hair has diminished since dieting, this is probably sufficient evidence that your body is experiencing some sort of nutritional deprivation. Although the hair is made up of protein, some high protein diets may be lacking in B vitamins such as B12, Biotin, and Folate. The body and hair growth is also dependent on nutrients like vitamins C and E. I suggest that you see your family doctor and discuss your present diet and your hair changes. Limiting almost all of your Vitamin C intake to one apple per day is probably just one example where your diet may be lacking a key nutrient. The physician may prescribe blood tests to determine possible nutritional deficits and rule out other medical conditions causing hair problems. This person may also make diet recommendations that will continue with positive weight loss results while promoting overall good health.  Hi, Your oncologist is in the best position to assess the do's and don'ts while receiving chemotherapy treatment. Typically, using hair coloring products while receiving chemotherapy is discouraged by the medical experts. Based upon my research, hair coloring should not be done until 6-12 after stopping chemotherapy and then only by using an all natural plant based dye. A similar question was asked on WebMD three years ago and received 30 responses. The link to the question and its responses was inserted below this answer. I hope that you find these anecdotal accountings helpful. Best wishes for your complete recovery. http://forums.webmd.com/3/breast-cancer-exchange/forum/1561/3   Commonly referred to as Razor Bumps, the usual cause of ingrown facial hairs is shaving related. Hairs after being cut with the razor may grow sideways and get clogged under the casing instead of penetrating the facial skin. They tend to affect individual with wavy or curly hair more than other hair types. These ingrown facial hairs can be painful, embarrassing, and sometimes get infected. The only permanent way to deal with this condition is through expensive treatments like laser and electrolysis hair removal. But ingrown hair growths can be controlled and treated for short term relief. Here is a plan and some suggestions that may improve your discomfort: Purchase an anti-bump or acne cleansing product containing Salicylic Acid (stay away from products containing alcohol as they tend to dry-out the skin and cause more ingrown hairs), needle-nose tweezers and a face brush with soft bristles; Saturate a washcloth with hot water and place it on your face for 15 seconds to stimulate pore opening; Using a salicylic acid face cleanser and the soft bristle facial brush, clean the affected areas in a circular motion. This process is called exfoliating and removes top layers of dead skin; Lift the ingrown hair out with tweezers without plucking the hair. Plucking of the hair will cause it to grow back even deeper; Finally, apply a final solution of Salicylic Acid to the facial area. The following represent some ways of reducing ingrown hair outbursts: Consider shaving every other day instead of every day; five oclock shadow may be an acceptable trade off in avoiding ingrown facial hair; Shave with the grain and do not attempt to obtain an extremely close shave; Avoid using foamy shave creams (look for acne skin or at least sensitive skin shaving creams) which may stimulate clotting; Consider using an electric razor instead of a blade. Electric shaving seems to lessen ingrown hair events. Read the WebMD article that is shown in link form as follows: http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/guide/ingrown-hair-causes-symptoms-treatment ; If your condition is extreme, or infection has occurred, it is probably best to see a dermatologist for medical treatment. With dedicated persistence, your ingrown facial hair condition can greatly improve.  Low testosterone levels may influence gynecomastia, but not male pattern baldness. It is high testosterone levels, not low levels that contribute to male pattern baldness. Low testosterone has as one of its symptoms the loss or reduction of pubic, armpit, or facial hair. Conversely, a high testosterone level is responsible for excess body hair, except for on the scalp. Excess male sex hormones can lead to baldness. Lets look at the two conditions: Gynecomastia (breast enlargement) -is influenced by a decrease in the amount of the hormone testosterone. Male pattern baldness is controlled by hormone levels and heredity. In summary: Gynecomastia is influenced by a low testosterone level. Male pattern baldness is controlled by both hormone levels and heredity. Pubic hair, armpit hair, and facial hair may be reduced or lost through low testosterone levels, but not scalp hair. High levels of testosterone are responsible for excess body hair except for on the scalp. Excess male sex hormones can lead to baldness.  Low testosterone levels may influence gynecomastia, but not male pattern baldness. It is high testosterone levels, not low levels that contribute to male pattern baldness. Low testosterone has as one of its symptoms the loss or reduction of pubic, armpit, or facial hair. Conversely, a high testosterone level is responsible for excess body hair, except for on the scalp. Excess male sex hormones can lead to baldness. Lets look at the two conditions: Gynecomastia (breast enlargement) -is influenced by a decrease in the amount of the hormone testosterone. Male pattern baldness is controlled by hormone levels in the body and heredity. In summary: Gynecomastia is influenced by a low testosterone level. Male pattern baldness is controlled by both hormone levels and heredity. Pubic hair, armpit hair, and facial hair may be reduced or lost through low testosterone levels, but not scalp hair. High levels of testosterone are responsible for excess body hair except for on the scalp. Excess male sex hormones can lead to baldness.   You seem to have a smart PA. General anesthesia is very shocking to the body. Here are the suspected reason for hair loss after receiving general anesthesia: The good news is that normal hair growth should be restored within 3 months of surgery.   Hi, your mom's oncologist is in the best position to assess the do's and don'ts while receiving cancer treatment. Is she receiving radiation or chemotherapy? Typically, using hair coloring products while receiving chemotherapy is discouraged by the medical experts. Based upon my research, hair coloring should not be done until 6-12 months after stopping chemotherapy and then only by using an all-natural plant based dye. A similar question was asked on WebMD three years ago and received 30 responses. The link to the question and its responses was inserted below this answer. I hope that you find these anecdotal accountings helpful. http://forums.webmd.com/3/breast-cancer-exchange/forum/1561/3 There is a product called Pure Henna. I have no interest in this hair treatment, but do care about cancer patients. It is made from a plant called Henna that is used to make some medicines including hair coloring products. It may and also contain indigo that is also listed as being 100% herbal. The following is a link to a WebMd article discussing Henna. http://www.webmd.com/vitamins-supplements/ingredientmono-854-HENNA.aspx?activeIngredientId=854&activeIngredientName=HENNA It is advertised as being 100% herbal without any hair dye chemicals or metallic salts added. It is promoted as being non-toxic, and safe for those who require chemical-free hair coloring. Of course each doctor may have their own individual feelings about organic rinses and the potential of them interacting with the chemotherapy. Check with your mom's physician first, but I can see this product as one that the doctors may permit her to use. You may view more information about this product through searching Renaissance Henna on the web. Your mother deserves to feel their best in every possible way. I truly hope that you find an acceptable product meets her needs. Best wishes for her complete recovery.  Some common causes for your three noted symptoms viewed in a collective manner may include: Crohns Disease, Hypothyroidism, Kidney Disorder, and Urinary Tract Obstruction. Of course, may other conditions may be the root of your problems. Looking at your symptoms individually may include the following conditions: Swelling of legs- Kidney disorder, cardiac problems, blockage of lymph system, hormone therapy, blood clots, and many others. Right Sided Abdominal pain- This symptom is typically associated with systemic conditions of the Lymphatic system, Renal system, or the Circulatory System. Some disorders may include Appendicitis, Gallstones, Hepatitis (Liver Related Condition), constipation, muscle pulls, endometrioses, ovarian condition, kidney infection, ectopic pregnancy, colitis, and others. Falling out hair- Hypothyrodism, emotional stress, heredity, and others. My recommendation and conclusion is as follows: While not being able to conclusively eliminate liver disease, it seems that when all symptoms are grouped together, that liver disease may not be your problem.Your symptoms cover a broad array of possible disorders. Without knowing your age, sex, race, weight, height, medical history, when symptoms first appeared, or having any blood testing results, it is difficult to diagnosis your condition. The best person to assess your condition is the family doctor. That individual can exam you, question you, look at your medical history, do preliminary testing, and refer you to other specialist if needed.  Some common causes for your three noted symptoms viewed in a collective manner may include: Crohns Disease, Hypothyroidism, Kidney Disorder, and Urinary Tract Obstruction. Of course, may other conditions may be the root of your problems. Looking at your symptoms individually may include the following conditions: Swelling of legs- Kidney disorder, cardiac problems, blockage of lymph system, hormone therapy, blood clots, and many others. Right Sided Abdominal pain- This symptom is typically associated with systemic conditions of the Lymphatic system, Renal system, or the Circulatory System. Some disorders may include Appendicitis, Gallstones, Hepatitis (Liver Related Condition), constipation, muscle pulls, endometrioses, ovarian condition, kidney infection, ectopic pregnancy, colitis, and others. Falling out hair- Hypothyrodism, emotional stress, heredity, and others. My recommendation and conclusion is as follows: While not being able to conclusively eliminate liver disease, it seems that when all symptoms are grouped together, that liver disease may not be your problem.Your symptoms cover a broad array of possible disorders. Without knowing your age, sex, race, weight, height, medical history, when symptoms first appeared, or having any blood testing results, it is difficult to diagnosis your condition. The best person to assess your condition is the family doctor. That individual can exam you, question you, look at your medical history, do preliminary testing, and refer you to other specialist if needed.  Hair loss can be due to many reasons. It is interesting to note that the average adult naturally loses 100 hairs per day (source WebMD). Dieting, taking of some medications, and stress can all be contributing factors to hair loss. Drugs.com reports that Prozac is seen as a causation in the process of losing hair (although on an infrequent basis). Another respected source claims that Prozac causes hair loss in every 100 - 1000 patients. There are also many anecdotal stories from regular folks like us who claim to have lost excessive hair while receiving Prozac therapy. Here are my suggestive actions and final comments: Yes, Prozac is most likely responsible for hair loss in some people. Congratulation on your weight loss, but I would now stay away from the Atkins diet . This low carb diet may be a good catalyst to start losing weight for a short period of time, but is not healthy over the long term..Stress not only affects hair loss ,but also many negative physical and emotional conditions including premature death. Find an outlet to safely eliminate stress. In a nutshell, eat nutritious meals, drink 64 ounces of water daily after discussing it with your doctor, sleep well (7-8 hours nightly), exercise as permitted by your doctor, develop friendships with others, enjoy working on a hobby, take care of a pet or volunteer to help others, and maintain a daily sense of gratitude and joy, These lifestyle changes will absolutely make you feel better and may even help to reduce your hair loss.  Part 2: Whenever I get made fun of or someone is disappointed in me, or even if someone says, "well, it could be done a tad bit better" I get really sad and sometimes cry. I dont like being the fault at things. Whenever I have a friend who is a guy, I always believe we are dating so I get jealous and start to be clingy.... (NOT A BOYFRIEND) I get frustrated very quickly and have major temper issues. My friends get mad at me sometimes because my moods are like a bomb. I have really bad mood swings... So, do you think I have Histrionic Personality Disorder?  <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p> </o:p> PCOS is the most common hormonal problem in young women. <o:p></o:p> It can cause infertility, diabetes, and an increased risk of some cancers. <o:p></o:p> The signs of this condition often include irregular periods, acne, and increase or abnormal distribution of body hair. Most women with PCOS have problems with weight management.<o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> There are many treatments that target specific goals: Oral contraception normalizes periods, improves acne and can help reduce facial hair; Diabetes medications, help improve insulin sensitivity and reduces the risk of insulin resistant and type 2 diabetes; Ovulation induction, can help women achieve pregnancy; But dieting , exercise, and weight loss are the cornerstone of treatment and targets all of the above. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> PCOS cannot be cured but it can be treated so its important to stick to your treatment. Even more critical is that you know what your treatments targets. Not all women with PCOS have the same objectives when seeking medical care. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> It appears that your goal is successful weight loss, and weight management. You need a health care team that knows how to handle weight issues more aggressively. Set realistic goals: what are your pounds per week to loss? Whats a reasonable calorie restriction for you? Whats your exercise plan? And how will you monitor these intervention and stick with your plan ? Your plan will help you and your healthcare providers move you toward weight loss and better health. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> One of many suggestions that I give patients are apps for smart phones and a buddy systems for exercise. You'll be more accountable and likely to follow through. At the time of your follow up, your doctor will then have information to push more aggressively through better nutritional consultation, prescription medications, or surgery.<o:p></o:p>  Dry skin is common as we age, but conditions such as eczema and psoriasis can also lead to extremely dry and cracked skin. Applying a daily moisturizers especially after showering, limiting showing time, and bathing in warm & not hot water help. One major tip is to use skin products that contain petroleum or lanolin. These help seal moisture in the skin. They also produce a barrier that protects against the loss of natural oils within the skin. If the symptoms persist despite these simple tips and a change in your routine, it's time to see a dermatologist. A history and physical is what a dermatologist will look at to determine the cause. Occasionally other tests such as a thyroid panel or Vitamin D level may be needed.  The best thing to do is to have her evaluated. I would not treat this without having her seen. In women this may be nothing more than a normal pattern seen in some ethnicities. However, it can signal something more serious in children of this age. Other developmental milestones and physical changes should be thoroughly investigated and I would recommend she be seen by a Pediatric Endocrinologist. Other signs of precocious development will be evaluated and its best to be seen by a trained specialist.  I am 29 yrs old and have also been experiencing very thin hair, embarrassing thin hair in the front and top of my scalp, as well as lowered sex drive. I've had blood tests for thyroid and low hormones and all tests came back "normal" but I still feel there is a big unanswered question. I've also been told that stress and pain in the body can cause this, so maybe life is stressing you out a bit more than you may be willing to acknowledge??? I know I deny being stressed out! However, I am searching for more concrete answers just like you so if you find any helpful information to share, please do!! Sincerely, CC from S.B.  I don't know about the lice, or STDs, but I know I feel cleaner by shaving. I also used to get a fair amount of yeast infections when I was younger and didn't shave. And I'm happy to say that in the 30 yrs since I've been shaving, I haven't had even one infection. That tells me I've removed the moist, warm "habitat" for some infections. And my OB-GYN agrees with me on that. Plus, EVERYTHING is better all the way around.  1. No. 2. Lubrcation minimizes the risk, if the condom broke it would have broke completely - think of how rubber breaks.  lol no, not true at all. Can start going bald at any age just like you can go grey at any age  Ok, you are having hair on your chin and Acne also, then it means you are suffering from Hirsutism in which excess growth of hairs on the face or body are normal.  A unibrow can be safely treated by a board-certified dermatologist using a laser. The doctor will protect your eyes with laser shields. You would usually need three to five treatments about a month apart. No waxing or plucking between laser treatments is allowed. Usually a once-a-year touch-up is needed.  ...Firstly this is a problem to be solved by a team approach. First see a derm and an endocrinologist. They together will check for hormonal imbalances such as PCOS -- PCOS (polycystic ovarian disease) which can result in excessive body hair and facial hair. It can also be accompanied by cystic acne and weight gain. There are many other causes of excess hair growth . Sometimes it is genetic, or cause from certain medications. Some ethnicities grow darker thicker hairs as well. In general a routine blood test to look for PCOS and other abnormalities can lead to a simple treatment with a medication and as well laser hair removal. ...Remember - please see an endocrinologist and a dermatologist as well as your gynecologist. Stick with board-certified physicians.  Sunscreens do not promote hair growth -- if they did we would certainly know that by now! These molecules don't stimulate hair follicles. They only block the sun's damaging rays. So wear your sun block and consider laser hair removal.  There are a number of nutrients the body needs on a regular basis, and a lack of some of these have been found to be involved with hair loss. According to research, a lack of vitamin D can actually cause hair loss. Vitamin D is found in healthy hair follicles, and is generally lacking in unhealthy follicles.vitamin D is a precursor to the hair growth cycle. maximum of vitamin D is obtained through sea food and for those who do not consume such foods , vitamin D supplements are very useful.One should try to have 1 gummy supplement of vitamin D daily in order to have best possible nutritional diet. For More Details http://vitamecworld.com/vitamin-d-helps-prevents-hair-loss/  Unfortunately, for me it did; by the handful! Especially in the shower. Hair growth follows a 3-6 month cycle, so if you have just started taking thyroid meds, it may take a few months until you see any improvement. I took Biotin (5,000mcg), & it has helped.  See your doctor & ask to have blood work done to see if it's your thyroid. Hypothyroidism could be the problem.  what exactly did it show positive for? Poppy seeds can make you show positive for opium. As far as marijuana goes any product containing hemp oil or hemp seed can make you test positive. You say it was a hair test? Check your hair products (shampoos, conditioner, styling products) for hemp ingredients. Also, I've heard of some medications showing a false positive for THC, while very rare, it is possible. Protonix is one that comes to mind. Hope this helps.  First I would like to clarify that hydrocodone comes in 5, 7.5, and 10 mg. doses. The 500 mg refers to the amount of Tylenol (acetaminophen) included with the narcotic. Most people don't realize that narcotic pain medications such as Loratab, Norco, Percocet etc. etc. come with tylenol included. Now to answer your question, no you will not fail the test. If it was a year ago there would be no trace of it left in your system. Generally opiates (narcotic pain medication) completely leave the body in 3-4 days. However standard hair follicle tests can detect the drug for as long as 90 days (sometimes longer if the hair taken for the test is longer than 1.5 inches) With the small amount that you took (3 pills is NOT alot) and the length of time its been since you took them you should be fine. Unless you have some REALLY long leg hair. (Even then, I would doubt it would show up after a year) Hope this helped.  The thing about clear skin is that, it's really not about how clean or dirty your face is. There is a bacteria that can live at the very base of your hair follicle, which is your pore, that can create what we see as acne. And no matter how much you wash, you will not wash that away. I have also seen people use rubbing alcohol on their skin, and that has no effect on the type of bacteria that causes acne, and will only dry out and irritate your skin. So what you really need to do is to use products that will focus on the underlying problem and not over wash, because if you over wash your face, what you can do is actually dry out your skin, create irritation and inflammation that can look like acne, or skin that is breaking out. But if you just stop that, your skin would clear up even more.  This is a very common problem in men. Usually, along the lower part of the beard area and the neck, there are two issues that could be going on. One is that you are using the wrong products in the wrong way, and two is that there may be an underlying medical condition. So let's start with the straightforward simple to treat part. It's important to treat when your skin is the most hydrated, that is when there is most water in the skin, which would be towards the end of the shower or after showering, and that's when your skin has the most water in it and its softest. It's also important to use a shaving cream or gel that will add some hydration to the skins that will go along with the razor very nicely. It's also critical to use a razor that's very sharp. If there is one dull point on a razor, that one dull point will eventually hit every part of the skin and will create irritation. So use a razor that's new and sharp, and if you keep getting the bumps, try changing to a different type of razor, that might help as well. After you shave, you should use an aftershave, and try to look for one that has some emollients in it, like glycerin, something that's alcohol free. A lot of aftershaves can be up to 85% alcohol, which can be very irritating to the skin. If that persists, if you still have the bumps after that, in men who have very curly hair, such as men with skin of color. Or some very redheads can have very curly hair as well, what happens is that, when you get a very close shave, as the hair grows back in, the hair curls and the tip of the hair sticks back into the skin, and that's called pseudofolliculitis barbae. So a folliculitis would be an inflammation of the follicle, a pseudofolliculitis is because that hair is sticking back into the skin and creating something like an inflammation of the follicle, but it's really a skin irritation, and barbae means beard area. So for this what we do is, either try not to get as close a shave, if that's okay, or you can use some prescription medications that will help soothe and soften the area to try to prevent that. If worst comes to worst, you can try laser hair removal for the area, and that's typically fine to do in the neck area, where it won't really show, but most men don't want their beard hair completely removed. But those are some tools that can help you.  The home systems for hair removal are somewhat effective, but they are not as effective as in-office treatments. I often recommend them for my patients to do for any remaining hair after having a full leg done, for example, or other areas. So they are not FDA approved for the face, so you should not use them on the face. It wouldn't be great to do a whole leg, it would just take too long and too many treatments over time. For smaller areas, if you have the patience for it, it's fine to do. Some of them actually have sensors that can tell if your skin is too dark and they won't work. So you have to know what system you are getting. You should have it evaluated by your dermatologist to make sure that you have the right skin type, and that it's the right system for you. And then again, it's really great for smaller areas, or for touch-up after having laser hair removal done by your dermatologist.  I have a lot of patients who like taking their prenatal vitamins and they think that it helps their hair grow faster. There is nothing in the literature that supports this. Prenatal vitamins are really just a nice mix of vitamins that support women who are planning pregnancy. They have ingredients like folic acid that women should not be deficient in when they are planning on getting pregnant, because of certain birth defects. But there is nothing special in a prenatal vitamin or any supplement that will help grow your hair.  You don't make new hair follicle, so you won't have more hair growing back. However, as the hair grows back in, the tip has a different shape, so it feels coarser. As that hair grows in over time, the ends become a little bit more tapered down and softer, so it will go back to normal, the way it was before you shaved. It can be darker. Because over time as that hair fades, as it settles on your skin and things rub against it, or even as sunlight hits it, it can fade and become lighter. So it may appear darker, but not darker than it would have been -- than your natural hair color. So it won't be darker than it would have been at baseline.  This is a very common problem in women, and when you have a diagnosis, it's a relief in some ways because now we can direct treatment for it. So what I like the most for polycystic ovary syndrome is all contraceptives, and sometimes combined with a diuretic called Aldactone, and the generic name is Spironolactone, I find that these two together, not only help balance out the hormones, but also help regrow the hair. Oftentimes in polycystic ovary syndrome we see a triad of changes. We see irregular periods, along with often severe acne and hair loss on the scalp, and there is also another component which may be increased hair growth on the upper lip or chin as well. Sometimes people have regular periods and so the diagnosis is missed, because the endocrinologist or OB thinks that it can't be polycystic ovary syndrome, because it can't measure the hormone imbalance. But when you have those other effects of hair loss on the scalp, acne, hair growth on the face, and sometimes with or without weight change, going on oral contraceptives can help, and adding Aldactone or Spironolactone can help as well. It's very important to treat it, because women who have this syndrome are at increased risk of diabetes and also heart disease later in life. So it's not just an esthetic or how you look that matters, it's your overall health that can be affected, so you should definitely have it treated.  Laser hair removal is truly the gold standard for removing hair on any part of the body. I think it really works the best on the legs, meaning that you need the fewest treatment for the longest lasting results. These are called permanent. However, what permanent means in terms of laser hair removal means that at the end of two years you will have less hair, but not no hair. So some of the hairs will never come back or they will take so long to come back that it won't be in our lifetime. Some of the hairs will come back sooner, but will be finer and softer, and when you shave they will stay gone for longer. Typically, it takes about six to eight treatments in order to get to that point. Those treatments are done at one-month intervals. Before you have the treatment done, you should shave the area, so the hair is really short. Waxing would remove the hair and so that wouldn't work at all. So you can't wax, but you can shave right before the treatment is done, and then at one month you will come back and do it again, and the hair will be gone for a very long time, sometime forever.  Sometimes if you use a soy based product, that can help make the hair appear finer, softer, and some have even said that it slows the hair growth. So you can look for products that are soy based and that might help you to start with. Vaniqa is a prescription product that's often not covered by insurance and can be expensive. You can try different pharmacies and you might find some cost savings there, but what Vaniqa does is that, it contains an ingredient that blocks an enzyme that the hair follicle requires to grow, and in that way it slows the growth of hair. It doesn't work for everybody and it can take about two months to really see the results, and then when you stop using it, it stops working. So this is a product that if it works for you, can be quite dramatic, but you will have to use it over time to maintain the results.  Laser hair removal can be done on any part of the body where there is hair. So what we tell our patients as dermatologists is that any pattern that you shave to is what we can follow with that laser. Dermatologists are very comfortable with any part of the skin, so this is a conversation that you should have very easily with your doctor. Just tell them what you are looking for and the pattern that you would like. And they can follow that for you. It could be a little bit more painful, so we often recommend using a topical anesthetic for 30-45 minutes before the treatment.  I would not recommend applying kerosene to the skin. I would recommend you see your dermatologist to evaluate the extent of the irritation and determine the right treatment plan for you.  Laser hair removal is the most effective and lasting way to remove hair in the right candidate. It works best for those with lighter skin and darker hair. Usually 6-8 treatments are needed and sometimes intermittent touch ups are needed as a single treatment every year or so to maintain the results. The treatment does have risks and should be done by or under the close supervision of your dermatologist in order to minimize risk of burns or discoloration after the treatment and to maximize the efficacy of the treatment.  Rogaine (minoxidil) can be effective if there is no scarring and the follicles are intact. Rogaine for men is more effective, but some of the product is absorbed into the body and can cause increased unwanted hair growth in areas such as the chin or other areas of the face.  I would not recommend applying kerosene to the skin. I would recommend you see your dermatologist to evaluate the extent of the irritation and determine the right treatment plan for you.  If the hair is dark enough, laser hair removal; otherwise electrolysis can be very helpful. There is also a prescription product you can discuss with your dermatologist that is effective; however, you need to keep using it in order to maintain the effect.  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. I hope you seek treatment for your depression and other symptoms. Perhaps you'll find comfort in knowing there is a name for the condition you describe. The compulsive urge to pull your hair out is called " ." This condition frequently goes hand-in-hand with depression or anxiety. I hope you will be happy to learn this condition is treatable. I urge you to find a mental health provider who can help treat your depression and your hair-pulling. It's frequently necessary to see several mental health professionals before you find "the right one," the person you click with, the one who understands you, and the one who is the "right fit" for you. So don't give up if the first person you see doesn't seem to be helpful. Keep trying. Most health insurance plans now cover behavioral health treatment at the same level as medical health treatment. If you are unable to afford treatment, please contact your local branch of the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) or a crisis hotline. Even though you may not be in crisis, the hotline can provide you with resources to help you. I wish you all the best!  Yes, you can still have babies even if a dog hair touches you. I think you're referring to an "old wives' tale" regarding infertility. Trust me, if every woman who'd ever been touched by a dog hair was unable to have babies, most women in North America would be infertile. An "old wives' tale" is a story that has no basis in fact. It's a superstition that gets passed down from generation to generation. Other old wives' tales about infertility in women include advice not to be licked by a dog or to live with a cat (or be touched by cat hair). None of these stories is true. I hope this helps!  This must feel very distressing. I hope to at least offer some reassurance. is not uncommon. That said, I do think you should either return to your health care provider for follow-up testing or see a different doctor. The benefit of returning to the provider you saw last time is that he or she has your medical history and past test results for comparison. Many conditions, including thyroid issues, can cause hair loss. Just because they didn't show up on your lab work a year ago doesn't mean they won't show up now. You also should know that there is a condition called "female pattern baldness" that affects a number of women, but this doesn't usually show up until a woman reaches her 40s. I wish you all the best in finding out why your lovely locks are falling out!  It's hard to say what this lump is, so it's good you're going to the doctor. In the meantime, I think I can set your mind at ease that this lump is not a medical emergency and probably isn't anything life-threatening. Many conditions can cause the type of lump you describe. My best guess is you'll discover this bump is a , which does, indeed, contain scar tissue. These bumps often present as a hard lump under the skin that is discolored and sometimes tender to touch. At any rate, your health care provider will be able to diagnose this for you and recommend appropriate treatment. Wishing you all the best!  My best advice is: rinse, rinse, rinse. Try to rinse off as much of the chemical from your scalp as possible. Experiencing a mild tingling sensation and some redness after applying hair color is not abnormal, but it's possible to get a chemical burn to the scalp if you leave the solution on to long or rub it vigorously into the skin. Or, of course, if it turns out you're allergic. If rinsing relieves the burning and redness, I'd suggest you wash your hair gently with regular shampoo and apply a conditioner. The conditioner may help relieve some of the skin irritation. Be sure to rinse the conditioner out of your hair after a couple of minutes. If rinsing does not relieve the burning and redness, you probably should see a medical professional. Hope this helps!  If your hair is falling out in clumps, I would suggest you see a doctor to try to determine a cause. Hair loss or hair thinning in women isn't necessarily directly related to menopause, but women can experience a condition called , which is hair loss that's thought to be related to hormone levels. In men, this condition is called "male pattern baldness." It's the same sort of thing in women, only the thinning hair usually is not noticeable until after a woman reaches age 40 or so. However, in androgenic alopecia, the hair doesn't usually fall out in clumps. So, as I said, I'd suggest you see a medical professional to get this diagnosed. Wishing you all the best!  This is a very interesting and not uncommon occurrence, believe it or not. Of course, it's impossible to diagnose what's going on with your eye within a forum like this. If the eye is very bloodshot, you'd do well to see a health care provider about it. Usually, these red streaks on the white part of the eye are no big deal, but you don't want to take chances with your sight, right? The red streaks are caused by congested blood vessels in that area of your eye. If it only happens in the right eye, it makes me wonder if you tend to sleep on your right side. Gravity could cause increased blood to build up in the vessels of your right eye, for example. Other things than can cause red streaks to the inner part of the white of the eye include rubbing, coughing, sneezing, and high blood pressure. And that last cause is just one good reason to get checked by a health care provider. Best wishes to you!  The key statement in your question is this: "one thing that worries me." Any time you are experiencing a health condition that worries you, it's a good enough reason to consult a medical professional. Usually shaving or waxing can produce bumps, so the fact your lesion is concave (caves inward) could indicate there's something else going on. The only way to tell for sure is to have a physical examination by a health care provider. He or she can either set your mind at ease or diagnose the problem to get you prompt treatment. I hope this helps!  Sorry you're experiencing this. Unfortunately, it's impossible to diagnose your condition without a physical exam. I suggest you consult a dermatologist. It's true this could be something simple, along the lines of , which is a buildup of skin oils and cells. It also could be dandruff or . Neither of those is life-threatening, but it would be useful to get a true diagnosis because these conditions require different treatment. Skin cancers are uncommon in your age group, but it still wouldn't hurt to have a dermatologist take a look at your scalp just to be safe. Hope this helps!  It sounds like you may have had some kind of allergic reaction to an ingredient in the shampoo. Normally when someone uses a product and develops symptoms that go away when they stop using the product, it means an ingredient in the product was the cause of their symptoms. It may not have been the keratin at all. Shampoos contain a wide variety of ingredients, from perfumes to dyes. It's possible your scalp really didn't like one of the components of that particular shampoo's formula. All that said, I admit I don't know anything about keratin treatments, specifically. However, I certainly would be hesitant to undergo any treatment with a reputation for making people's hair fall out! Take care!  For the most accurate information, you should call your surgeon's office and ask to speak to the nurse. He or she can advise you as to what post-op care your surgeon prefers. Generally speaking, it should be OK to shampoo normally. Be careful not to catch a suture with your comb or brush. (Ouch!) Assuming you're not allergic to any medications, you're probably safe to apply an antibiotic ointment to the wound (such as a generic "triple antibiotic ointment") for a few days. After that, you're probably safe to use A+D ointment (which does not contain antibiotics) to promote healing. This ointment is usually found on the diaper rash aisle of any grocery store or drug store. You shouldn't apply any hair product to the area (like mousse or hairspray), and you shouldn't blow-dry the area right around the wound. It's very hard to keep a bandage on a wound that's surrounded by hair, and you may not need to keep this covered. If you work with the public (especially with children, such as in daycare or school setting, or if you work in retail or handle money), then I'd suggest you try to keep the wound covered to avoid allowing germs in. However, if you work in an office environment, for example, you're probably OK to leave the wound uncovered. This shouldn't affect its healing, as long as you keep it moist with either the antibiotic ointment or A+D until it scabs over. No matter what, wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water before you touch or bandage your wound. The wound should scab over within a week or so, and it will continue healing for up to a few weeks. Once a scab is in place, you no longer need to apply any ointment or a bandage. As I said, these are general guidelines only. Your surgeon may have different preferences, and you should consult him or her for instructions. I wish you all the best!  What you're describing sounds perfectly normal. During sex, all women go through an arousal stage where glands around the opening to the vagina secrete lubricating fluid. It sounds like you produce plenty of lubricating fluid, which helps make intercourse non-painful. If the discharge you describe only occurs during foreplay and not at other times, you shouldn't have anything to worry about. On the other hand, if you have vaginal discharge during the day, discharge that smells bad or is yellowish/greenish in color, discharge that looks like cottage cheese, or vaginal itching, then you should see a health care provider. Using a condom can help prevent pregnancy and the spread of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs). I suggest you see a health care provider who can give you all the details about contraception (birth control) and STDs.  Sorry you're going through this misery! First, let's not jump to the conclusion this is , though it certainly sounds like it could be. I'd suggest you see a medical professional for an accurate diagnosis. As you know, if it is shingles you may be able to take a prescription medication to help with the pain. If it's not shingles, your health care provider may be able to provide you with treatment for whatever it actually is. Try to refrain from pulling your hair out, as this can cause permanent loss of hair in those areas. Also remember shingles in the blister stage is contagious and can cause someone who's never had to come down with the illness. To help avoid this, make sure you're washing your hands thoroughly and often. Also do not share any combs, brushes, or other personal hygiene implements. I hope you get a diagnosis quickly!  That's a good (and very reasonable) question. I suggest you call your surgeon's office and ask the nurse or PA. Generally, whenever someone has scalp incisions, we recommend they wait until the incisions are fully healed, staples/sutures removed, and so on before they apply any hair color. You want to make sure you don't have any openings in the skin when you apply the colorant because this could be irritating or lead to infection. So, again, best bet is to call your surgeon's office and ask. They can give you specific information. Glad to hear you survived the brain aneurysm!  I am a nursing student and we recently learned about this topic in class. Men stop developing by age 20 or 21, but hair does thicken more as you shave, so you might wanna try some other form of hair removal if it keeps getting thicker. And also, when you start taking hormones, your hair growth may slow down.  You should definitely go to the Dr. It could be an allergic reaction or something totally unrelated that also needs attention.  Oily hair is a natural production. If you wash your hair frequently it causes your body to produce more oil. The less you wash it, the more the production slows down. Ways to absorb body oil is to use baby powder. Just use a small amount at the roots and pat the white color out. Some hair salons have colored hair powder that can be used if you do not like the white powder. As for the face or skin, a light lotion that is less greasy should be applied as a moisturizer. There are also face towelettes that can be used to blot the face and eliminate oil and perspiration.   I use Man1 Man Oil all the time, and I'm completely clean shaven. Probably what is going on is that your bf's skin just needs to adjust to having had the razor take off a little layer of skin, and it'll clear up. But he still really needs to use the Man1 Man Oil, because that's something that is GREAT at keeping my penis in really good health. Plus, it helps with all the itchiness and rashes and all that stuff that comes with a penis, so yeah, he should get some (or you could get some for him).  I would ask your primary or OB/GYN to do a blood test for your hormone levels. I would also talk to your doctor about any medication you have been taking long-term and/or currently taking (include ANY over the counter meds, vitamins and any supplements).  No  You didn't mention your age, however, often as we get older we will experience hair loss in lots of areas. The eyelash loss is puzzling, and that would be a question I would ask my opthamologist  Assuming the lithium isn't causing low thyroid (which can cause hair loss), then yes, lithium itself can cause hair loss. Sometimes remediable with Rogaine. Otherwise, if too distressing, stopping the lithium will likely solve the problem within a month.  You sounds like you will possibly get it very soon! Those are all symptoms that you're getting close. I had all of the same symptoms about 6 months to a year before I started which was at age 12. Don't be worried about the timing though, everyone starts at different ages and as long as you start before age 16 it's perfectly normal! :)  Contact your doctor immediately! Your hair should not fall out because of your birth control. The only common side effects should be spotting, nausea, headaches, and some times stomach pain. Get additional help by your doctors as soon as possible. Something else could be the cause of your hair loss.  The best thing would be to have it officially examined and a diagnosis made by a doctor. A dermatologist could examine and remove it for you.  HOW DO I PREPARE FOR laser hair removal TREATMENTS ? Pre-Treatment HOW TO CARE AND WHAT TO EXPECT AFTER laser hair removal TREATMENTS ? Post-Treatment  It should be fine to just put her head in for a few sec. at a time. She doesn't want to keep her head wet for very long. I had a bad car wreck and I did it and dried the area off real well and it was fine.  Thinning hair can be caused by many factors, and should really be evaluated by a physician. Age and hormones are the most likely culprits. Prednisone can cause hair loss, since it affects hormone levels in the body. But you should talk to your health-care professional, who can properly examine you and perform any necessary tests to help solve the mystery of your thinning hair.  If you always experience a lack of periods (amenorrhea) when your weight drops below a certain point, then that is a sign that your lower weight is not enough to sustain normal periods. While estrogen often decreases when body fat and weight dips too low, that may not always be the case. The female body needs a certain percentage of body fat to allow the hormones to work properly. This mixed with strenuous exercise and perhaps a diet lacking in key nutrients and calories, is enough to keep your body from having periods. My suggestion to you is to see a registered dietitian who specializes in sports nutrition. They can look at your diet, activity level and weight and provide recommendations to stay healthy, which includes regular periods. You can find a dietitian near you at eatright.org. Good luck and take care of yourself!   There is some research to show that anemia is associated with hair loss but not all studies agree. In fact, a 2010 study in the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology showed no difference. It's best to work with your healthcare provider on optimal ferritin levels and supplementation. You also want to rule out other potential issues related to hormonal or skin changes. Changes such as pregnancy, childbirth and menopause can increase hair loss. When it comes to nutrition, protein and adequate calories play an important role in hair growth so including good protein sources at most meals may help (lean meats, eggs, fish, beans and dairy) as does eating balanced meals throughout the day. This WebMD article provides more information on Eating Right to Keep Hair Healthy.   There is some evidence that a diet limited in dairy products and low in sugar and processed carbohydrates can help decrease the risk of acne breakouts. That would mean not overdoing milk, cheese and yogurt while maintaining a diet rich in whole foods including fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean meats, beans and healthy fats (vegetable oils/avocado/nuts and seeds) that is also low in sugar and processed foods. So too many sugary drinks may have an adverse affect on acne. But diet is only part of the story and a healthcare provider can help you figure out all the contributing factors. For more on diet's effect on acne, see these articles: http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/acne/news/20110808/low-carb-diets-may-improve-acne http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/acne/acne-care-11/diet-and-skin?page=1   There is no research that biotin causes weight gain. Weight gain is typically caused by a calorie imbalance and certain medications, but not vitamins. A balanced diet is more effective than supplements which is explained in this post: http://www.webmd.com/healthy-beauty/hair-health-11/eat-hair-type?page=1 For more specifics on biotin uses, evidence and side effects, visit this page: http://www.webmd.com/vitamins-supplements/ingredientmono-313-BIOTIN.aspx?activeIngredientId=313&activeIngredientName=BIOTIN  Yes, brittle nails is a sign of inadequate nutrition along with thinning hair, low body weight, irregular or missed periods and always feeling cold. Her diet does not sound adequate in fat or calories.  Following a low carb diet and restricting calories can cause hair loss or changes in growth, which could be why your hair has changed. Hair needs sufficient calories and nutrients to grow. It's important when you cut out food groups, like fruit and grains, that you replace nutrients in those foods like B vitamins and vitamin C. Extreme low carb diets are not recommended long-term. Remember that carbohydrates are thebody's preferred fuel source and it plays an important role in good health.  This could be nutritional and a lack of protein could be contributing. It sounds like the nutritional supplements you are taking contain vitamins and minerals that can help with hair growth. However, after weight loss surgery a lack of protein in the diet can contribute to hair loss. You need to talk to your doctor to determine the best ways for you to get more protein -- and to determine if that might be the cause. You should eat a variety of types of protein, including meat, beans, eggs, rice etc.  im about 35 pounds overweight my self 40 yr old male loved to eat and had a few problems with my health... so i turned evil and went on a 10 day lemonwater cleansing . lost 14 pounds and i feel better.my outlook on everything has changed in 10 painful and long days. so i say to you give it a try. you dont have to go 10 days , just start out for 3 days and see how you feel ! the more days you do it, is the more toxins leaving your body..  Hi, This is nature at its best, totally confuses us. I your just going to have to live with the fact you have two tones of colour, one for cloudy days and one for sunny days. Your lucky. Good Luck  Hi I think you need a full health check up with bloods done, sounds like your run down, the checks will tell the whole truth. Good Luck   Hi There is two kinds of Alopecia, which you can see below now this is from the NHS in the UK, I will give you the full link below Alopecia areata Alopecia areata is patches of baldness that may come and go. It can occur at any age, but mostly affects teenagers and young adults. Six out of 10 people affected develop their first bald patch before they are 20 years old. Alopecia areata is thought to be caused by a problem with the immune system (the body's natural defence against infection and illness). It is also believed that some people's genes make them more susceptible to alopecia areata, as one in five people with the condition have a family history of the condition. In many cases the hair grows back after about a year. Scarring alopecia Scarring alopecia, also known as cicatricial alopecia, is hair loss that can occur as a result of complications from another condition. In this type of alopecia, the hair follicle (the small hole in your skin that an individual hair grows out of) is completely destroyed. This means your hair will not grow back. Conditions that can cause scarring alopecia include lichen planus (an itchy rash affecting many areas of the body) and discoid lupus (a mild form of lupus affecting the skin, causing scaly marks and hair loss). The Linkhttp://www.nhs.uk/conditions/hair-loss/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy this link into google to open and read. But the rest is packed with lots of info, it should help you. Good Luck  Hi Well at 18 masturbation is not any problem to you, men who masturbate regular have good prostates, and helps to keep your system ticking over, but when you do masturbate only use a very light feather like touch to your penis, us some baby oil as well, masturbation should be like the inside of the vagina, soft and light. As for size? if this is erect and your growing, your getting there, so don't worry, as for length of time masturbating your not that bad, but stop timing your self and enjoy the moment, remember your masturbating with your best friend. But there is a simple exercise called edging, just go to www.pegym.com and look under exercises, your find edging there, just follow what they say, have a good luck round on site your find it interesting. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  HI, Sorry not either, but if you go to Manic Panic FAGs Your find this, Is it dangerous to dye my hair during pregnancy? Manic Panic Hair Color is safe to use during pregnancy. As a matter of fact, Tish did not stop coloring her hair while she was with child. She did refrain from bleaching or using any harsh chemical products. OK it was that simple, I wonder if a doctor could have done better? Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi The thing is, this is a visual thing, go let your doctor or an ER look at it, it would be best. Good Luck  Hi Bob some call it body scraping, if your a naturist like me and shaves, your be known as a smooth nudist, for me it was my choice, been pubic hair shaving since I was around 18, find that really good and clean. Its just the same as body shaving, your feel really clean, your find its great when you first swim, and when you feel the wind on hairless legs for the first time. End of the day, something to think about is, why do women shave then? Hope you find this helpful. Good Luck  Hi Yes you should be concerned, first you have not had a period for 5 months, you don't use birth control? but your sexually active. I think its about time you took a trip to your doctor and get yourself tested and let him/her sort out your problem if your not pregnant. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi And not being any king of diet expert, I cant think of anything that your now eating that would do this, so the only thing you can sensible do is, come off it for a month and see if there is any change, to back the same way as it was? But have you thought of as its now nice and wavy, which some women would die for, have it cut to match what kind of hair you now have. Hope this helps a bit. Good Luck  Hi, So how many years have you been 56 yrs old then? joke. If you think your vitamin D is down then wearing sunscreen wont help you bring it up, when all you need they say is 20 minutes out in the sun without any sunscreens, this allows you to get your vitamin D levels up. Just try sitting under shade with not many cloths on, try and let your body breath, and when your around the house, and if you can go naked, your find this really lets your body breath, keep this in mind, we are all naturists under the skin? we were all born naked. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well look at your Dad and Granddad, if they are both either bald or balding, then there just nothing you can do about it, it happened to me, the best thing is to pick a point in time and get it cut short, and I mean very short, like a number 1 or 2, any wispy bits just shave them off. Sorry but that's about the best bit of info you will get, unless you want to be one of these guys, who grow there hair long and take all the way over there heads, its ok till a wind blows, they walk down the road hair flapping, or get a wig? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Seeing as I'm now coming up to 66, in my days it was your voice breaking, things like body hair that can change as you get older, or whether its inner thigh or not. But then some young men there voices don't break, that why we have men with high pitched voices. As for growing, did here many years ago its about 28 years of age before we really stop. So your answer, and mine some bits cross over, but I think you know when you a man sometime, I would not put to much down to what you read or hear, and just trust your own body to tell you. But you must remember that were all different, so things in our body's will change at different times. Good Luck  Hi If your hair has gone the way your saying, try this, get some real good extra virgin olive oil, your massage this into your hair and leave it for 30 minutes, let it feed your hair, then was with a mild shampoo. This should bring it round and back to normal, I got the tip from a women here in our village, I live in Greece. Do hope it works for you. Good Luck  Hi, One it would have been nice to have had picture? its a bit hard to answer without one. So if you know about ingrowing hairs and have seen them before, and you think these are not, so your next step would be go to an STD/GUM Clinic and see what they say and have some tests done. But please for now just stay calm. Good Luck  Hi It could be pubic lice, know as crabs, below you will find a link. Sorry if you have them but don't worry help is at hand. Good Luck http://www.eefo.net/index.cfm/cornwall/SexualHealth.Article/article_id/188  Hi I found this peace of info you might like to read, it should help you. Good Luck Bed bugs can get in your hair but the good news is that they really dont want to be there. Unlike fleas and lice that have bodies or claws that are specifically designed for navigating through hair, the common bed bug does not have these modifications. In fact, bed bugs need to set their front claws in a particular position so that they can insert their mouthparts into the skin just so, in order to be in the proper feeding position. Hair on the human head would make this very difficult. They would much prefer to feed on the bare skin. If they encountered your head first, they would most likely move to your face (many people suffer face bites) or some other less hairy area to feed. If you are bald, well, the head is fair game.  Hi Just see your doctor ask to have a blood test done to check your hormone levels ., work it out from there. Good Luck  Hi What you really need to do is first google this, baking soda in your hair when washing it, you will find lots of info, far more than I can write. And second Just google this, white vinegar in your hair when washing it, again theres far more info than I can write about. But you will find it all very interesting. Good Luck  Hi See Answer above  Hi Yes its a puzzle, to why? I had a friend a few years ago his mothering law did the same one day she pronounced that she would not walk any more and she never till she died, seems like they just give up. My own mother, even though she could walk would never go and do a short daily walk always was saying its to painful, but could never get it across the her just how important it was to her, just to get out and try. Sometimes its a puzzling world we have around us, with me I just love to get out and walk, but its nice if you have a couple of friends to take with you, ones with four legs are great fun. Hope this helps you. Good Luck    Hi You should find it under auburn, is reddish brown. Good Luck  Hi, Yes both of these both of these have the side effect of hair lose in the odd person, if your on these for depression? and think you would sooner have a head of hair, then google natural ways out of depression, but just try one way, don't mix them up. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You find its auburn, reddish brown. Good Luck  Hi, Just think sea salt, this will help clean and heal your tears, do this twice a day, in a warm bath if possible, till there have healed, but try and keep of sex till then, if it happens again make sure your using lots of lubrication, sex oils. But till then keep it clean and dry, wear cotton knickers or just go commando. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi There is no special time for your hair to grow, its growing 24/7 never stops, may slow down as we get older. So you could be suffering from some kind of scalp problem, I would get to your doctor ASAP Do hope this helps you. Good Luick  Hi Take some advice, be the man and live with it, its just male pattern boldness, your lucky some guys get this at 18. For get the tonics, when it gets thinner, the you have a choice, do a parting just above your ear, and comb it over, or like the rest of and have it cut short, its called being the man, and living with it. Good Luck  Hi, Its either down to his age, we all start losing hair as we get older. Or it could be down to any drugs he's on for his heart. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you think you have an STD, the best thing you can do is get to an STD/GUM Clinic, and get tested, then you will know for sure what you problem is. Good Luck  Hi If your looking for natural ways for both, go to .www.earthclinic.com You should find the answers your looking for on there. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Why 6ft 4 ? I think you have shot up, and the rest of your body needs to catch up, well as for body hair, that's something your just going live with, or start shaving it off, that should give you something to do. As for your penis, just give it time, don't forget not all men have big penis's, but at 13 just give it time, if its still small at 20 then worry. Keep this at the back of your mind, there are growers and showers, it works like this, when erect they both have 6 inch's, the shower when slack its 4 inch's, the grower when slack, its only 2 inch's, that's the way it works. So your real problem to worry about is when its erect, if by the age of 20 your 61/2 plus, your above average. Good Luck  Hi, No its a very healthy way of life, just keep to natural products when you can, if you can keep your hair short. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Do you suffer from OCD, this tends to throw up some odd things in people, do you have any other quirks, some may be even on a daily basis, lots of different things like wont go out of the house if its not on the hour, wont go in the house unless its on the half hour, must do certain cleaning every day, if so all these little things mean you have OCD, and if you miss any of these brings people out in lots of different things, hence you getting cold symptoms if you miss your hair cut. If so see your doctor for help. Good Luck  Hi, If you google herpes, then look at images you can then see if you red bump match's any of them, if they do just get yourself of to your doctor or and STD/GUM Clinic and get tested, there you go job done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Here's a link to earthclinic, you may find something on there that may help. The Link, http://earthclinic.com/CURES/body-hair-removal-treatment.html Hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi, One thing to do is look further back in your family history, old photos will help, but if really gone and thinned out, I would say there is not much chance of it coming back, so you will have to be like me, get yourself a hair trimmer and keep it short, and if it get really thin on top just shave it, it will look a lot better that way. Saves trying to comb it over from one side to the other, the only problem there is when the wind blows, it flaps, looks like your heads waving good bye. Good Luck  Hi I do know of this problem but I found this, its interesting, see what you think first. There are several theories as to how this could happen. Hair follicles Hair follicles are the small holes that an individual hair grows out of. It is thought that pressure and friction on a hair follicle could somehow damage it, causing a pilonidal sinus. If a hair follicle becomes blocked, it can become enlarged and then burst. A broken hair may push into the skin, leading to an infection. This may explain why pilonidal sinuses are common around the buttocks, as sitting and driving will cause pressure and friction on this area. There have been reports of hairdressers developing pilonidal sinuses on their hands. This may be caused by hair becoming trapped in moist, damaged skin between a hairdresser's fingers. Infection of the pilonidal sinus If a broken hair pushes into the skin, the skin becomes irritated, red and swollen. Bacteria can quickly infect this skin. The cleft between the buttocks is an ideal place for bacteria to spread, as it is often moist and warm. When the skin is infected, the immune system (the body's natural defence against infection and illness) tries to fight the bacteria, which results in a collection of pus known as an abscess. Increased risk Some things are known to increase your risk of pilonidal sinuses, including: obesity  having a body mass index (BMI) of 30 or above age  pilonidal sinuses can occur at any age, but are more common in young adults between the ages of 20 and 40 having an above average amount of body hair, which may be why more men are affected than women having coarse and curly body hair a previous injury to the affected area of skin, for example from a fall having a deep cleft between your buttocks having a family history of the condition  more than one-third of people have a family member with the condition having a job that involves a lot of driving or sitting down for long periods Life style could be your problem but if you think having them removed would be best. its your choice. Good Luck  Hi I would start by getting your testosterone checked out, you8 can do this with a simple blood test at your doctors and take it from there, tell him why you want it, don't get fobbed off. But think of all the time its saved you from not shaving, and think of all the guys like me who body shave, your lucky in one way. Good Luck PS Try following up how to grow facial and body hair.  Hi Ingrowing hairs are from the way you shaving, you should only shave the way the hair grows, I know shaving against the grain makes for a smooth shave, but your getting the result from doing this. For all the ingrowing hairs, you need to with a clean needle, you open the spot and flick out the hair and the pluck it away, should be gone a healed by the next morning. If your face is still getting sore after shaving, try rubbing in some baby oil after shaving, it should help. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Ingrowing hairs are from the way you shaving, you should only shave the way the hair grows, I know shaving against the grain makes for a smooth shave, but your getting the result from doing this. For all the ingrowing hairs, you need to with a clean needle, you open the spot and flick out the hair and the pluck it away, should be gone a healed by the next morning. If your face is still getting sore after shaving, try rubbing in some baby oil after shaving, it should help. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi First have a good look and see if you can see a hair inside, could be the reason that it wont close, if not don't worry, give it a sea salt water wash twice daily this will help clean and heal. Your shaving always need to be in the direction the hair grows, so it always downwards, I know you may think that its not as close a shave as you want, but doing it this way you wont get ingrower's, you can trust me on that, been shaving pubic' hair for way over 30 years, and my wife's, she has never had any ingrower's, in all the time I have been shaving her. Do Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I don't think its an STD, just an ingrowing hair, if you get a clean needle, inside you should find the hair, just tweak it out, it will look just like a watch spring, then pluck it away, once this is done your find it should clear up in 24 hours. Also give it a sea salt wash, it will help with the healing. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK yes it does but they say its just a temporary and should grow back. Below you find a link to this drug and all its side effects. The link, http://www.medicinenet.com/methotrexate-injection/article.htm Good Luck  Hi The first thing you should do is get it cut very short, try buying you own hair trimmer, and just use no 1 cut, do this and you should not worry to much then, its called being a man, this may cut the greasiness in your hair, google hair vitamins and take it from there, you may need to do a mix, I found a mix of natural vitamins are best. Also have a look on www,earthclinic.com you may also find some useful help on there. I hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes you could do that or just pluck it out, but there is very high odds it will come back again. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi All the in-growers need to be picked out and plucked away using a clean needle. What ever you using is causing the hairs to grow under your skin hence your problem. I would get back to shaving its quick and clean takes just a few minutes why your still in the shower, just shave downwards the way your hair grows, even pubic hairs should be shaved just the same way, do this you should never get ingrowing hairs. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Google and follow this, Chromhidrosis, its interesting, it could be why he has coloured sweat. Not to sure on the drinking beer side of it, you say since 10 years old, has he been drinking beer since that age then? Do hope this is some help for you. Good Luck  Hi OK Do we shave by any chance? if yes its an ingrowing hair, and it what you see is black just pick it out with a clean needle, then pluck it away, things should be OK them and heal up and be gone by the next day. Just after you've pluck give it a sea salt wash, the will help clean and add healing. Good Luck  Hi Could be the kind of meds your doctor has put you, go back explain your problem see if you can get them changed over, could be just as simple as that. Good Luck  Hi, The most likely scenario is that the body will form a small pocket around the invader and isolate it. If it's biodegradable then it should decay over time otherwise you'll carry it around for the rest of your life. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I found this little bit of information, I think this shows why. Ovulation occurs about midway through the menstrual cycle, after the follicular phase, and is followed by the luteal phase. Note that ovulation is characterized by a sharp spike in levels of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), resulting from the peak of estrogen levels during the follicular phase. I think your find this is why your hair get better, perhaps you need some kind of hormone replacement therapy. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi and welcome to the world of male patient baldness, that's it wave goodbye, and perhaps even cry a little. Now's the time you think of two things, you can either move your parting down to just above you ear, and comb it all over the top, but I do think when you see these guys they do look a bit sad, or just do the manly thing and have your hair cut short. You could try some of these sprays, and spray it back in. But one last thing, it wont grow back, sorry. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Be the man and live with it, I had the same problems at the age of 23ish, just had my hair cut short, like crew cut, and its been that way ever since, now have a no 1, which I cut myself, age now 67 or nearly, its never worried me, never feel the cold with it. So just chuck all this stuff away, time to be the man. Any help. Good Luck PS Its male patent baldness, if you that ashamed of it get a rug.  Hi Be the man and live with it, I had the same problems at the age of 23ish, just had my hair cut short, like crew cut, and its been that way ever since, now have a no 1, which I cut myself, age now 67 or nearly, its never worried me, never feel the cold with it. So just chuck all this stuff away, time to be the man. Any help. Good Luck PS Its male patent baldness, if you that ashamed of it get a rug.  Hi, Well it seems you have done all the right things, as long as you washed straight or soon after, it seems that you should not have any problems. Do we take you b/f washed his pubic area, before he had sex as well, was he shaved? Sounds like you have nothing to worry about then, bur if you still have underlying worries just go get a test at an STD/GUM Clinic. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have a very good read of this link, lots and lots of info. http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/body-hair-removal-treatment.html Just copy this into google to the www. to open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I found this one link that has reference to hair loss, being 1 in 10,000. Hope this is of some help. The Link https://www.medicines.org.uk/guides/Estradiol/hormone%20replacement%20therapy Good Luck  Hi Have a look on www,earthclinic.com, seems ACV is good for a lot of things, great place to keep under your hat for info if you like natural ways of life. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you cant tease it with a steel comb then cut it out, if its a long haired cat will soon grow over, but you really need to keep it combed once a week, or daily if it will let you. Watch out for the claws? they do hurt. Good Luck  Hi Probable its because you were on some good vits if you look the bottle/packet if you still have it, and your see what was in them. But here's a list that may help, ok there's zinc, iron, vitamin B,s, C, D and Folate, beta carotene for vitamin A, Sulphur, and Omga-3, these should bring your hair back to full glory. Good Luck  Hi The doc says its a fad, some fad, I personally have been shaved for way over 50 years, my wife since we were married in 1970. I do love the feeling of being clean, so dose my wife. Doctors in the UK see lots of clean shaven women, but there not sure if they do this when they come in to be seen or there like it all the time. But I think your find there is a whole lot of us who are true smoothies and love being that way, its just so nice to be clean. You have to remember, there are a lot of people who do love to be that extra bit clean and shaving dose that, and really good when it comes to sex. Smoothies unit. Good Luck  Hi I found this for you it could be interesting or not? You will need to google this, Neoteny and bald legs, or just neoteny or its own. Good Luck  Hi One word would be hormones, I think your having a hormone problem, so the next thing could be acne, this all comes together as a package. So have a read of this link. http://www.hormonehelpny.com/column/acne.htm Just copy this link into google to open and read, just from the www. The best bit is when you get down to the hormone testing, this you should get. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The most cheapest way would be to shave, get a good safety razor, like a triple bladed one for men, shave the way the hair grows, for you use a good sensitive shaving cream, always use warm water, and you being a women use a good moisturiser after you have dried your skin. But start soon, so your up on it by the time your wedding comes along, you don't want to be standing at the alter with pieces of toilet paper stuck to your face, would not look good in the wedding photos. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Multiple hairs in a follicle may suggest pili multigemini which is also called "compound hairs, are considered rare although there have been no studies to define the actual frequency in the general population.The name describes a condition where several separate hair fibers bunch together and emerge from the skin through a single hair canal. The hair looks like a bunch of flower stalks in a vase." Is this similar to your case? Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pili_multigemini Folliculitis have been associated with conditions wherein multiple hairs grow in one hair follicle. Other conditions which may be associated with this are scarring alopecia ( when the hair on the head is involved ) and tufted hair follicles. Other underlying diseases have to be ruled out like an underlying skin condition which may be autoimmune or inflammatory by nature. You may discuss this with your physician. This is some info I found for you. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Been shaving off the fuss from my head for years, not seen any fresh hair growing yet, even if I leave it for a few days after getting a cut. But if your going bald be the man get it cut short, if its thinning on top just shave it off. And one last thing, don't do the comb it over from just above the ear, this make a lot of guys look like there wallie's, its so much fun watching these guys on a windy day, why it flaps up, its like there heads are waving good bye. Good Luck  Hi See if this helps you it could be Bipolar, so below is some things see if these match you? During a period of depression, your symptoms may include: feeling sad and hopeless lacking energy difficulty concentrating and remembering things loss of interest in everyday activities feelings of emptiness or worthlessness feelings of guilt and despair feeling pessimistic about everything self-doubt being delusional, having hallucinations and disturbed or illogical thinking lack of appetite difficulty sleeping waking up early suicidal thoughts If this is all you go on and have a look at this UK site its the NHS. The link, http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Bipolar-disorder/Pages/Symptoms.aspx You will need to copy this into google to read it. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As you have not put your age, that would have helped, and your male ? Yes, whats below is from, http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/003246.htm its a nice list, do any of these ring bells. Causes of this type of hair loss are: High fever or severe infection Childbirth Major surgery, major illness, sudden blood loss Severe emotional stress Crash diets, especially those that do not contain enough protein Medications, including retinoids, birth control pills, beta-blockers, calcium channel blockers, certain antidepressants, NSAIDs (including ibuprofen). Other causes of hair loss, especially if it is in an unusual pattern, include: Alopecia areata (bald patches on the scalp, beard, and, possibly, eyebrows; eyelashes may fall out). Anemia Autoimmune conditions such as lupus Burns Certain infectious diseases such as syphilis Excessive shampooing and blow-drying Hormone changes Thyroid diseases Nervous habits such as continual hair pulling or scalp rubbing Radiation therapy Tinea capitis (ringworm of the scalp) Tumor of the ovary or adrenal glands Have you ever had a hormone test done as a source for the problem? If you want to answer just use, answer this, above  Hi Found you some very good info, just follow this link. The link, http://womenshair.about.com/od/problemhairadvice/qt/Coconut-Oil-Hair-Treatment.htm Just copy into google to open and read. Good Luck  Hi, You need to get to an ER ASAP. Good Luck  Hi, It seems there is some vits you take why pregnant, it seems that these are very good for what you want, if you live some where sunny just get out there each day, get your self some sun, but no sunscreens, just 15 to 10 minutes a day will raise you Ds, as for irons some good green vegetable's will do that, if you cant do both then do it the easy way and take supplements, but go easy on the iron, otherwise you break the pan. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of going on the BC pill, to control your periods, that would get that part out of the way. The hair growth sounds like you producing to much testosterone, hence the hair growth, why not get your doctor to do a hormone test again, (perhaps your doctor forgot to get back to you?) that would tell you how things are going with your testosterone, and your other hormones, but being on the pill may help to straighten them out. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Found this for you. Excess Estrogen. Estrogen, the power player in womens bodies, is your friend when its appropriately balanced . It makes you feel energized, helps stabilize your moods and contributes to a healthy sex drive . Yet too much estrogen, which can be caused by weight gain, perimenopause or toxicity from exposure to endocrine disruptors (which are rampant in our food, water and plastic products), can lead to thinning hair. During and after pregnancy , for example, estrogen levels peak and then dip, causing sudden hair loss for many women. The best thing you can do is get a blood test done for a hormone check. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Could be that your trimming the wrong way, and what your getting is a hair going under the skin, just the same as if your shaving the wrong way, and yes if you shave against the growth, your get ingrower's like your getting now. So look try this and see how you get on, look hairs grow downwards yes, so the way to shave is downwards, if you use a good clean razor with a new blade, you should not get ingrowers, trust me I have shaved my wife for over thirty years and she has never had this problem, if you cant see what your doing use a mirror, your find kind of hard at first, but after some time it will work for you. Don't forget to use some baby oil after you shave, keep the skin smooth. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi There all pulling your leg, the way you are is all down to your body make up, from what your saying and not knowing you age, your just small and slim, now that would make a lot of women very jealous. Just enjoy being what you are, and who you are. I do hope this helps to put a smile on your face. Good Luck  Hi the reason you get ingrowing hairs is because your shaving is wrong, your trying to shave real close?yes, well forget that, to do that your shaving upwards? yes, wrong. You always shave the way the hair grows ie downwards, do that you should be able to forget you worries, and have no more ingrowing hairs. But just in case you do get the odd one, just open the top with a clean needle and inside you should see the hair, just pick it out and the pluck it away, do give is a sea salt wash, this will help clean and aid healing it should be cleared up in 24 hours. Always use a bit of baby oil after shaving, it will help the skin, and make it feel nice. I do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Its a personal thing for women, some fill ok just as the are, and like my wife it makes her fill clean to be shaved, then so do I, we are what you would call smooth naturists. But its still a personal thing anyway you look at it, its just nice for some women to fill that way. Do hope this helps your thoughts. Good Luck  Hi This is a UK link that you may find very helpful, there is a whole host of comments, not to sure if they will be of help. But it seems your in a very big club if correct. Good Luck Link, http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Polycystic-ovarian-syndrome/Pages/Introduction.aspx  Hi Debbie, Have good read through this link, packed with info. http://www.clinicians.co.nz/the-importance-of-zinc/ Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Should help you. Good Luck  Hi, Your find like most of us, its just his body make, his genes. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Do you know for sure you cant take hormones? been checked out? Surgery for womb cancer is also likely to include the removal of the ovaries and fallopian tubes. From the NHS. Now this states may include removal, ask your surgeon if they can be left, this would overcome your problem with hormones, but you would need to explain it to him why. See how that pans out, with the surgeon. Good Luck  Hi, I do think you may have to think of cosmetic surgery to over come you problem. Or just do the manly thing and live with it, tell people you had a lobotomy, but would you remember that? Good Luck  Hi, Its a funny one, but have found some info that might help, but no rice beads. If you worry about those ' funny bumps ' on the areola, those are supposed to be there; they are called Montgomery glands or areolar skin glands. Their function is partially unknown, but scientists suppose they secrete a liquid that lubricates the nipple/areola area. These Montgomery glands can be about unnoticeable, OR stand out as bumps on the areola. They often become more prominent during pregnancy. Also, it appears they are white in some women. Some women have squeezed them and can get a white substance out, but please do NOT squeeze them because that causes them to become infected. In one study, it was noted that women with more areolar glands had better or more optimal breastfeeding start after delivery. They also noted that the glands were seen in virtually all women in the study but with great interindividual variations; their areolar distribution was nonrandom, and about 1/5 of the women had glands giving off a secretion (this is about women who have just given birth). So hope this bit helps, Ile try doing some more research for you. Good Luck  Could just be a small acne outbreak, or ingrown hairs.  It could just be a bug bite, like a mosquito or some kind of fly.  You need to go see your gyno or family doc.  You probably shaved your face with your leg razor, but I hope you used a new one. Shaving the face is an art and you may have just shaved a bit too close, causing a bacterial skin infection (there are lots of germs that come out of your nose and mouth) and if you are not careful, you can get lots of tiny cuts. Use an good antiseptic to clean your face and use some antibacterial cream. If your skin is not improving or even worsening in a day or so, you may need to consult your medical provider and be examined. Some cases of folliculitis (a guess as to what you have) require a brief course of oral antibiotics.  No, acne is not caused or worsened by certain food or drinks. This is a common misconception. Acne is caused primarily by hormones that cause an over excetion of oil, often made worse by certain bacteria found in acne lesions. If your eight year old is having acne, she may be starting to puberty which can occasionally happen this early. She should see her medical provider. Sugary drinks and sodas can make her fat, but they will not cause zits.  People have always attributed gray hair to stress (like teenagers), but gray hair just happens as some of age. It is most likely in our genetic code. Thre are many people who have incredible stress that do not have changes in hair color. I had gray hair in my 30 and 40s; and now it is completely white. Of course, I did have five teenagers at one time.  You need to see your medical provider so you can have this skin lesion properly examined. Many skin conditions will mimic an ingrown hair. It may not have been an ingrown hair at all, but a sebaceous cyst (oil gland) or other common penile skin lesions. If your penis is important to you, and I know that it is, get it checked out.  A "cheap, quick test" for what? Unfortunately, when you have the array of medical problems that you have listed, there are no cheap, quick tests for anything....whether you have insurance or not. You need to be under medical care so that you can have your headache evaluated, your blood pressure monitored, your congestive heart failure managed, and vision disorder checked. These are not things you can do over the counter, so it would be in your best interest to find some affordable care.  Coloring your hair or bleaching it will have no effect on your Bell's Palsy.  No, you will NOT catch a cold or become ill, but don't tell your mother or grandmother I told you (they really believe it!). Illness are biological...caused by virus or bacteria, not by wet hair or a change in temperature.  Your vaginal bumps and sores are not related to your urinary tract infection. Up to 50% of all women have have classic symptoms of a UTI do not have positive urine cultures. In other words, the burning on urination is caused by something else. Many times, a women can have a subtle vaginal infection that can cause UTI symptoms, or in your case, "sores" due to ? Since I have no way to see these bumps to offer you a patient-specific answer, you will need to see your medical provider -- someone who can examine you and make the determination.  Not knowing anything about you, your medical history, state of health, nutritional habits, etc., it would be impossible for me to guess the reason(s) you may be losing hair, but I can tell you that hair occurs in two stages: active growing and the resting stage. Hair in the resting state tends to break off. Like other mammals, we tend to shed certain times of the year. See a dermatologist for a first-hand evaluation and a patient-specific answer.  I don't know your age or if people in your family get grey or white hair, but this could be a normal, age-related change. I don't think that it would likely be due to your stress. I don't know if it will turn your normal color again; I suspect that this will likely be permanent. If you do not like this distinguishing change, you can put some hair dye on them. If there are only a few, you can pull out the white ones, but there is not guarantee that new white ones will grow in its place.  Trimming nose hair is fine; pulling it out is not. Putting a small amount of an antibiotic ointment in the nose after trimming would be protective against infection.  There is a possibility that it will be detected, since hair analysis for drugs can detect minute amounts stored in the hair. Cross your fingers....and next time, think twice (or three times) before you consider taking a drug not prescribed for you.  You can't "try" to be tall. If it happens, it happens. If late-bloomers are common in your family, there is still a chance that you will have a final growth spurt, but there is no way to make it happen. Basically, our height is determined at the moment of conception. Since you are a product of your parent's DNA, you could achieve your Dad's height, or a blending of both your mother and father's height, and I don't know how tall your mother is. Unless you have some very, very tall grandparents to influence your genetics, it may not be very likely, at your age, to reach 6' 4", but time will reveal that answer. You are already taller than the average American man, so congratulations. Any more height should be considered a bonus.  Your theory of weight reduction during wrestling causing your symptoms is really not likely. While I don't agree with wrestlers trying to lose weight to compete in a lower weight class, I don't think you caused any of your concerns. If there are other underlying reasons, you will need to see a good medical provider for a diagnostic work-up...this would not be something that can be done over the Internet.  Of course. Any time that you make an "opening" in the skin, surface bacteria can see this as an excellent opportunity to invade.  I don't know....this is something that a medical provider would have to see first-hand during an examination; perhaps with some skin magnification. Sorry that I couldn't help, but making a blind decision like this is very, very difficult.  I do not know any special oils, applied to the scalp or ingested, that will cause black hair to grow faster and stronger. Sorry.  As you know, I have no way of seeing or examining you...I have only your description to go on. One possibility would be a ; perhaps a cyst that is secondarily infected. These oil gland cysts are quite common in this area, but you will need to see a medical provider so that you can be properly examined and treated. You have had this for a month, so it would be in your best interest to check in checked out, so you will not have to worry.  Maybe, but it depends on the stage of your puberty and if your growth plates have closed....you medical provider would need to examine you and order an x-ray if this information is that important. A male of age 13 still may have a few more years of growth (even if you do have chest hair), so you still may go up a few more inches. Your height was genetically determined at the moment of conception. While nutrition and environment play a small role, your adult height was basically predetermined.  You could not shave. By going au natural for a while, you will probably heal these ingrown hairs. Many people who shave will get this condition, called "folliculitis", and the best solution is not to shave. If you must shave, then use a new, clean razor each time. Use an anti-bacterial soap or a get a prescription antibacterial solution/lotion to use on the area after you shave.  The things that he fears appears to have loud noises. Start by having his hearing tested by a professional audiologist in a sound-controlled booth. He may have ultra-sensitive hearing and those noises are painful to him. Before assuming his problem is psychological, it would be wise to rule out any organic reasons for his fears.  The removal of pubic hair is not medically-beneficial in any way, nor does it protect you from pubic lice. The removal of pubic hair is only a cosmetic fad.  We all lose hair periodically - hundreds a day, in fact; usually hair that is in the "resting stage". However, there can be many reasons for excessive hair loss (hypothyroidism, nutritional deficiencies, skin disorders, etc.), so it would be wise to see a dermatologist so that you can be properly examined and diagnosed.  Calamine may help, but shaving "against the grain" may have resulted in a condition called folliculitis -- a skin infection that involves the hair follicles. An antibacterial cream may be preferable.  Eczema (atopic dermatitis) is genetically-dry skin. It is not contagious in any way or form.  Who's hair? If you are talking about your own hair, this is not a place where dust mites like to live since most people wash their hair often. Washing your hair is really the best way to make sure that you don't have any unwanted residents.  There are no specific medications just for trichotillomania, just the comprehensive pscyhiatric managment of the OCD. This may include a combination of various different medications, along with behavioral therapy.  Unfortunately, I have no way of determining if the conditioner might be the cause, since I do not know what you are using and, of course, I have no way of examining the sores on your scalp. You have two options: See your primary care provider, or see a dermatologist. Take the conditioner with you to that visit. My choice would be the dermatologist since they are skin experts and may be able to solve this chronic scalp problem.  Growing hair is natural ...for mammals, but if you are talking about growing hair after baldness or loss of hair after a skin disease, then the answer can only be achieved by seeing a dermatologist. Some hair is completely lost and will not re-grow, naturally or otherwise. Some hair loss can be temporary, and naturally grow back, but as far as I know, there are no scientifically-proven "natural" remedies to make this happen.  I don't know....I can't SEE them. Catch a few, put them in a container, and let someone identify your unwanted scalp residents. Your description is too vague to make a blind guess..  Probably nothing at all. You may have this extra hair genetically , but there is no reason for you to keep them. You can wax 'em off...pluck them out...or see a specialist and have this extra hair permanently removed. Most of these things are unwanted genetic gifts from your parents or grandparents, but if you feel you are having a hormonal problem that is resulting in excess hair growth, you would need to see your medical provider.  You would first need to see a dermatologist to have this hair-loss problem properly diagnosed. Dandruff typically does not cause hair loss, but it can be treated with the right combination of medications, usually special shampoos. Fungal scalp infections are not common, but can be contributory. Many times, people who feel they are having hair loss, do not. Hair in the "resting stage" will often break off or shed. This is normal. Unless you are seeing patchy areas of baldness, then your hair may be just fine. Talk to your parents about having a consultation with a dermatologist. I think this problem can be rectified.  This is so variable, it would require an individual evaluation. An special x-ray can show growth plates and determine if they have closed or are closing -- this will give you an estimatel. Better yet, seeing a pediatric endocrinologist would take the evaluation to a higher level. Thirteen year olds may still have plenty of growth, but it will take a hands-on examination, review of several years of his growth charts, and perhaps, an x-ray/labs.  Absolutely not.  If a person is dog-allergic and spends a considerable amount of time in a home with dogs, it is likely that he will have an increase in his allergic responses. I know you do not want to get rid of your dogs, so antihistamines, like Claritin or Zyrtec, can block an allergic response, and of course, there are other prescription allergy treatments that his medical provider can prescribe. The child can get desensitization (allergy shots) therapy for dog dander, but that takes time and doesn't always work. The dogs should not sleep on his bed or even be in the room where he sleeps.  Your testosterone levels are probably fine, but you can ask for a blood test to be sure. At age 22, testosterone levels tend to be raging, so your medical provider may discount your request to the test. The fact that you have some fatty breast enlargement (man boobs) does not imply you have a hormonal issue. Since breast tissue is primarily fatty tissue (in men), this is not a "red flag", but you will have to have your medical provider make that call. The amount of body hair, especially facial hair, a person has is usually genetically-determined. If you got a hairy parent, like Sasquatch, then expect to be hairy. If your genetics or ethnicity is one where facial body hair is less common, you may be more likely to follow that pathway. In my early 20's, like you, I had a tough time growing a decent mustache. I now have a full beard and hair growing out of my ears! Maybe, the same will happen to you.  No...patchy baldness is NOT caused by a flu shot, but it can be caused by nervous "hair-twisting", alopecia, or a fungal scalp infection (tinea capitus). It would be best for her to see a dermatologist.  There is no medical evidence that topical milk crme or other milk products will promote hair growth.  Your scalp issues cannot be accurately diagnosed over the Internet based on description....a medical provider would need to SEE and EXAMINE you in order to make this determination. You could have seborrheic dermatitis or perhaps, a dozen other skin/hair conditions. My suggestion is for you to see a good dermatologist and get it diagnosed and treated by an expert.  It is not bad for your hair or scalp....just odd. If your hair is greasy or dirty, it would be better just to allow the time to wash it properly so you don't smell like Baby Powder.  Genetics. Hairy guys have hairy parents or grandparents...simple as that. Some look like Sasquatch; some do not.  Yes, hair loss....other than your scalp....can be a consequence of aging. Since arm pit hair is not medically important (nor cosmetically pleasing to some people), I don't think this type of hair loss should be concerning.  Hair doesn't itch....scalps will itch. There are so many different causes of itching that it would not be possible to blindly sort them out over the Internet. If your newly-grey scalp is itching, it would be wise to see a dermatologist so that you can be properly examined and treated. Just because another grey hair friend has an itchy scalp too, does not imply that you both have the same thing. The color of your hair is really irrelevant.  There is really no good treatment for this genetic skin disorder. Some people have use desquamation solutions (chemicals that peel the skin) and topical steroids, but in the end, this skin condition (not a disease) will typically return. I do not believe that using laser hair removal on keratosis will have any lasting benefits either, and I do not believe that this is an approved or acceptable use of this device.  What should you do? You may need to wait a bit longer. Some young women can have their first period delayed to age 16 and this is considered normal. Just because all of your friends may be having their period does not really apply to you. You are well into puberty, so the hormones are doing their job in the other departments....just not your menstrual cycle. Yes, there can be medical reasons, so it would be appropriate for you to see a gynecologist (women's health expert) for a brief examination, and perhaps, a blood test.  The reasons for trichotillomania can be very complex. This reference will provide you with more information: http://www.webmd.com/anxiety-panic/guide/trichotillomania  Your scalp is really not connected to your brain, but your scalp is rich in sensory nerves so forceful hair-pulling may result in some residual discomfort, as you have experienced. Brain surgery 12 years ago should not preclude playful hair-pulling, but if this act causes you pain afterwards, it should be avoided no matter how much you loved it.  Yes, you will have a normal puberty and you are most likely producing sperm. Since you are not planning on having a family right now, it may not be that critical that you have that information, but if you want.....get a semen sample and look under the microscope, or you can ask your doctor to order a semen analysis. You are probably worrying unnecessarily. I would bet you are just fine.  Good for salad, too. I know of no specific medical benefits of using apple cider vinegar in your hair. Use it if you want, but I am not sure what benefits you hope to achieve. Your hair may smell a bit funny.....  Yes.  I am sorry to address this "urgent" concern so late, but the answer is yes. This is why you should NEVER use Q-tips to clean the INSIDE of your ears. Ear wax is not dirt and it does not need to be removed. In most cases, the damage was caused to your ear canal or you accidently ruptured your eardrum. Most of these should heal without any permanent hearing loss, but occasional, a severe injury to the middle ear structures from a Q-tip can cause some permanent damage. If you are complete well now...and have normal hearing...and no blood or drainage from the ears, you are probably fine. The only way for you to be completely sure is to see a medical provider and have your ears properly examined. Now...go throw away those Q-tips!  There is nothing you can do to remove those keloids....nothing over-the-counter and nothing magical. The only chance of reducing the size of those keloids it to be under the care of a good dermatologist who is experienced in this area. Some dermatologists will inject them with low-dose steroids, but this is not something that you can do at home.  Did you see my profile picture? I look like a cross between Santa and Sasquatch. There is absolutely nothing wrong with a man with hairy legs and chest, but of course, I am not speaking from the preferences of a woman. I think men should look like men....not little, hairless boys, but to each his own.  Yes, you most definitely need to see your doctor so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. It would be impossible to determine the nature and significance of this lump based solely on a brief description.  While opiates may show up on drug screening test, if you are prescribed them for a medical problem,disclose this up front, this should not be considered a "failed" test. If you taking these drugs recreationally without a valid medical prescription, this would considered a failed test.  You may have sustained an acute allergic reaction to the hair coloring. First, never use this hair coloring again. Second, use a medicated shampoo (used for dandruff or seborrheic dermatitis) for the next week or so. Third, try to avoid scratching your scalp, even though it itches. This can further irritate and disrupt the skin surface. An over-the-counter antihistamine may help the itching. If symptoms do not improve, you will need to see a healthcare provider for a proper examination. Secondary infections can occur (those pimple like bumps?) anytime your skin surface has been damaged, so antibiotics may be needed if you do not improve.  Unfortunately, a description -- no matter how thorough -- is never the same as having a direct examination fo this area in question. As much as I would like to help you, it would not be possible to blindling make any type of determination. The ONLY way that you can get a patient-specific answer is for you to be examined.  No. This type of laser will not cause any problems with your vocal cords.  I don't know....the greying and whiting of hair is usually genetically determined, so blame it on your parents or grand-parents. My head hair turned grey in my 30's and by my mid-40's, I was as white as snow. If you don't like grey pubic hair, shave it off....or dye it a different color....or just ignore it as part of our progressive aging cycle.  If going to an ER is not a financial issue, I am sure that you can get care for your pilonidal cyst. There is no way to know if there is a colorectal surgeon waiting around to take care of you, however, but many ER physicians and other primary care medical providers can handle this sort of thing. As you probably know, pilonidal cysts do become infected from time to time, so perhaps you should consider a more definitive surgical procedure and have the entire cyst removed? No more problems after that surgery!  No...and you would not likely find someone to give a perm to girl with head lice (unless you planned on doing it yourself). It would be best to properly treat the head lice FIRST with some effective lice medication, and then, have the perm.  Obviously, this is not normal. She may have a condition called Precocious Puberty. You need to see her pediatrician for a referral to a pediatric endocrinologist.  There is probably little or nothing that can be done medically to make you grow facial hair. If those hair follicles were not present when you were born, you can't grow new ones. It is too late to change your parents and genetics, so the amount of facial hair that you have now is about all you will get. I don't think that medicines used for patchy baldness in men will work the same way on your face, but that would be up to your doctor or a dermatologist to determine. Testosterone, a male hormone, can cause some facial hair growth in men how are low, but again, if you do not have those follicles, it may not help. Your first step is to see a dermatologist.  These may be tiny fissures or tears, but this is just a blind guess since I cannot see it. Fissures should heal in a week or so if you keep the area very clean and dry (be careful when you towel dry, it would be better to "pat dry" this area). Use a topical antibiotic ointment and check the area periodically with a mirror to make sure it is not getting infected. Make sure that your underwear is not irritating this sensitive area. Wear more breathable cotton ones for now. Should this area fail to heal or if you think it is getting worse, you will need to see a medical provider.  That little white sac part of the hair follicle that you are pulling out; perhaps a tiny oil or sebaceous gland. It is not a pinworm. Pinworms live in the colon and can attach themselves to your anal opening, but not the hair on your body surface.  I know some people use vinegar as a hair conditioner. I haven't heard of anyone reporting color change or hair loss, though you could always try a patch test to see if it interacts with your hair in a particular way.  No,typically they will do an eyewash first,then use an eye ointment and probably have you wear an eye patch and hope that it comes out on it's own.That's what they did for me.  Proper 30 minutes cardio regardless running or walking is important for blood flow  My late Mom exhibited literally every symptom you've just described, except in her late 70s (she passed at 84), so be advised that my answer here is anecdotal (subjective) rather than empirical (objective), and may not all apply to your Mom. But I'd be willing to bet that some of it does. In her case, my own Mom suffered from: senile dementia (Alzheimer's is only one form of this), urinary incontinence of which she was deeply ashamed, clinical depression, rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes and its attendant miseries, congestive heart failure, COPD, and side-effects from medications. Your Mom at the very least may be suffering from depression, common in geriatric patients, but her looking to your stepdad for everything when spoken to may indicate confusion, so having a Geriatrician assess her for senile dementia, depression, chronic pain, and other conditions common in elderly patients is crucial, especially if she is also increasingly forgetful. Early treatment can delay the advancement of many of these conditions if they are present. She may be ashamed of her condition and resist going to the doctor, but it really is a good idea. See if you can enlist the help of your stepfather. I had a friend who does my hair for me trim my Mom's hair and give it a nice style and shampoo, but elderly people need to be careful when being shampooed because the position of the head and the design of a typical hairdresser's shampooing sink can sometimes induce a stroke. Consult her doctor for the best position for shampooing. Good luck.  Hair grows from follicles, not glands. I'm female, but I've had both acne (in my case it's rosacea) and ingrown hairs. Ingrown hairs are awful; I used to dig my face apart trying to get them out, along with the comedones (blackheads and pimples/cysts). Plus I've had another type of cyst that causes calcifications (like having little pieces of gravel under the skin); generally that's something that happens less in young people and more in people over 50. These hard cysts, when removed, can sometimes be dark in color. The skin makes melanin, the pigment that causes suntans in light-skinned people and that creates skin tone in darker-skinned people. When the glands that produce melanin become blocked by certain cysts, what you're describing can result. My father had a cheek cyst for years that was lanced by a dermatologist and almost exploded. Skin can do some disturbing things. It's the largest organ of the body. However, there is one concern here: the possibility of skin cancer. My father had it repeatedly, my uncle had it, I'm at risk for it, and everybody should look out for it and practice sun safety. People with chronic skin problems that involve the immune system and actual skin damage (which severe lifelong acne does) may be at higher risk for it. Consult a dermatologist, but be prepared: the wait for an appointment is long and some insurances may resist paying for it. A referral from your primary care provider may be necessary.  wash your hair & face frequently using a mild soap. if that doesnt work you may have the beginning of psoriasis in which case there are numerous OTC meds to treat it.  It can cause bumps which will show up later. Try using a cold pack wrapped in a washcloth to see if it helps. That can help with inflammation. Also an otc pain reliever can help. I have done this many times myself. Make sure to assure her that the pain will subside.  The most common cause of hair loss is a hereditary condition called male-pattern baldness or female-pattern baldness. In addition to this hormonal changes and imbalances(in men) can also cause temporary hair loss. This could be due to pregnancy, childbirth, discontinuation of birth control pills or the onset of menopause(In female). There are s variety of medical conditions which can cause hair loss, including: Thyroid problems. Alopecia areata. Scalp infections. Other skin disorders. Hair loss can also result from: A physical or emotional shock. Hair-pulling disorder. Certain hairstyles. It is really heard to suggest any medication without a proper knowledge of the real reason for the hair loss. I do like to advice you to see any dermatologist in your area. If you wish you can try Rogaine or Minoxidil hair growth. For more information you can visit drugsdropship24.  As a woman, it can be especially difficult to deal with unwanted facial hair. Many of my patients are in tears, I understand! The situation can be more embarrassing and expensive if the hair is not removed properly. First, ask your doctor to help you determine the reason why you have facial hair. You deserve to know the cause, especially if it's associated with abnormal hormone levels. You may need to address other medical issues, in addition to removing hair. After you've determined the cause, the good news is that there are options available to remove your facial hair. The closest to permanent removal is laser hair removal (LHR). It is extremely important to make sure that the place you choose has a physician that is experienced with performing LHR on individuals of all skin types and skin complexions. In LHR a laser is directed through the skin to the hair follicle; this in turn stops the hair growth. A patient may require between 4 to 6 treatments, depending on the area. Maintaining monthly appointments will give you the best results. If you need to remove facial hair in between appointments, it is important that you shave only because the laser is attracted to the hair follicle. Vaniqa (eflornithine HCl) is a topical cream your physician can prescribe to reduce the growth of unwanted facial hair. Vaniqa works by blocking the enzymes in the follicle that are necessary for the hair to grow. Most woman see result within 6 to 8 weeks, and it is safe for woman of all skin types and ethnic backgrounds. Here are some other options. If you can get over the old tale that shaving makes you have more hair, then shaving is one safe option. Shaving is fairly inexpensive and can last up to five days. For best results use a razor that has a protective tip, along with warm water and a moisturizing shaving cream. Shave in the direction the hair grows to avoid hair bumps and apply a moisturizer to the area after shaving. Shaving does not cause more hair to grow; it just cuts the hair in the middle of the hair shaft, the thickest part. Depilatory lotions, such as Nair, dissolve hair as it reacts to the protein structure of the hair. Hair can then be rinsed off or wiped away. These creams work quickly and results can last up to two weeks. Inflammation or a rash can occur in individuals with sensitive skin. Try a test spot first, to see how your skin reacts. Be sure to read and follow all the instructions on the product label. I do not suggest that you use methods that pull hair from the root, such as waxing , electrolysis, or tweezing. Not only are these methods painful, there is a risk of scarring when using these methods to remove facial hair. Take your time in seeking out what method will work best for you, remember, it is your face.  Congratulations on your new hair growth! Your objective at this time is to maintain and nurture your current hair and scalp. Just like our body requires nutrition, so does your hair. Essential nutrients such as biotin, magnesium, folate, and zinc are required to maintain optimum follicle growth. It's important to maintain the natural oils in your scalp and avoid excessive drying of your scalp. Do not wash your hair more than once or twice per week. When you wash your hair use a leave-in conditioner and apply vitamin E oil, almond oil, or avocado oil to the hair shaft. This will help keep the hair shaft soft, smooth, and lessen the amount of brittle dry ends on your hair. Before you go to bed, wrap your hair with a silk scarf. This will help hold in moisture. Do not dye and perm your hair simultaneously. This combination can be very destructive to your hair shaft. If you follow these tips, you will notice that there will be less split ends and breakage. Therefore, you will only need to trim your hair as needed. In general, frequent trimming of your hair does not make your hair grow faster.  Your first step should be to exclude any underlying medical issues or nutritional deficiencies that may be contributing to your hair loss. Thyroid disease, for example, can affect your hair growth. If there are no medical issues, then you should review your current hair-care regimen. Overuse of perms, relaxers, and hair dyes will damage your hair follicles and lead to hair loss. Optimum hair growth requires adequate nutrition for your hair. Certain supplements are required for keratin (the building blocks for your hair) production. Make sure that your diet is supplemented with magnesium, zinc, folic acid and biotin.  Your prior history should be taken in to account. A thorough exam of your face by your maxillofacial surgeon should exclude any potential problems (infection or loose plates) below your skin surface. Once this information is determined, you should be able to proceed with laser hair removal. For extra caution, first laser only a small test area.  Residue on your scalp may be due to folliculitis, dandruff, or a fungal infection. All of these conditions may lead to a flaky scalp and an accumulation of residue. Consider washing your hair with an antifungal shampoo.  You may want to consider having the hair removed with a laser by a trained professional. Between treatments consider using hydroquinone, kojic acid, alpha-hydroxy acids, or bearberry to help lighten the dark spots.  Laser hair removal will need to be repeated because your hair grows in different cycles. Dark hair on darker skin types is particularly difficult to treat because the laser works by distinguishing the pigment in your hair follicle from the pigment in your skin. Your dark patches can be treated with topical skin lightening agents such as hydroquinone, kojic acid, or bearberry derivatives.  Your first step is to exclude any underlying medical conditions that may affect your hair growth, such as hormonal or endocrine diseases. Next, make sure your diet includes biotin, folate, magnesium, and essential fatty acids (omega-3s). These components are essential for healthy skin and hair growth.  There is no one hair-removal system that works for everyone. Every hair removal system has certain advantages and disadvantages for each skin type. Your best course of action is to find a physician that is familiar with your skin type and skin color as it relates to hair removal. Laser hair removal can be a very effective method to remove hair in experienced hands. Electrolysis has several disadvantages, including painful treatments and the potential for scarring and hyperpigmentation.  Laser hair removal is an excellent choice to remove unwanted hair for all skin types. When choosing your laser specialists make sure that your physician is familiar with your skin type and skin color. Make sure that your laser treatments are physician supervised. While undergoing laser treatment, you should not concurrently undergo waxing or electrolysis. This may lead to damage of your skin.  For many of us, our hair is our crown of glory. We all want healthy shiny hair. Here are several tips to help in preventing split ends. 1. Do not brush your hair while it is wet; instead opt for a wide-tooth comb. After you wash your hair, it is up to 25% more elastic and more vulnerable to damage. 2. Try to avoid using heated hair appliances on a daily basis. Using blow dryers, curling irons, flat irons, etc. every day can dry out and damage your hair. Heat can be especially damaging to your ends. Instead of using a curling iron, try sleeping in rollers to maintain your hairstyle. To maintain a straight hairstyle, wrap your hair at night and sleep in a silk scarf. To wrap your hair, start at the crown of your head, and brush your hair around your head. Continue until all your hair is brushed around smooth. If you have a lot of hair, try using bobby pins to keep your hair in place. 3. Wear a silk scarf or a satin bonnet before going to bed. A scarf will reduce friction and protect your tresses as you sleep. If you do not like to cover your head when you sleep, you can try using a satin pillow case. 4. Do not use rubber bands to tie back your pony tail. Rubber bands can pull your hair out and break it off. 5. Trim your ends every 6 to 8 weeks. If you are trying to grow out your hair you can go 8 to 10 weeks between having your ends trimmed. 6. Before you shampoo your hair, wet your hair with warm water to open the hair cuticle. Always condition your hair after you shampoo. When you rinse the conditioner from your hair, use cold water to help seal the cuticles of your hair. 7. Do not over brush your hair. Brushing your hair 100 strokes per day for healthy hair is purely a myth; this will cause more harm than good for your hair. 8. Eat a well-balanced diet. What you put inside your body will affect your appearance on the outside of your body. Foods containing folic acid, Biotin,and Omega3 are always a great nutritional addition for your hair. 9. Try to avoid chemically treating your hair. Relaxers, perms and certain color treatments can also cause damage to your tresses. It is always best to have a professional hairstylist perform these procedures for your hair.  What about an organic hair rinse?  Maybe it could be from your hair being pulled in that particular spot, if you have a pony that is always in that place, and if you use hair spray on a regualr bases and you use it on that spot where your pony tail is.  Laser hair removal is a technique that uses beams of highly concentrated light to penetrate the hair follicles. The light is absorbed by pigment in the hair follicles and destroys the hair within the follicle. Next to Botox injections, laser hair removal is the most commonly performed cosmetic procedure in the U.S. If efforts to remove unwanted hair leave you with bumps, nicks, burns, or the hassles of repeated shaving, tweezing, or waxing, laser hair removal may be an option worth considering.  Laser hair removal is more than just zapping unwanted hair; it is a medical procedure that requires training to perform and carries potential risks. Prior to having laser hair removal, you should thoroughly check the credentials of the doctor or technician performing the procedure. Once you have planned laser hair removal, you should limit plucking, waxing, and electrolysis for six weeks before treatment. That's because the laser targets the hairs' roots, which are temporarily removed by waxing or plucking. You should also avoid sun exposure for six weeks before and after treatment. Sun exposure decreases the effectiveness of laser hair removal and increases the risk of complications following treatment.  so you say keep from putting no sun screen when you go outside, enjoy the sun for 20 mins with the sunscreen. This will help boost my numbers. well, 20 mins with no sunscreen, I will look fried. also, I'd worked a country store for 1 1/2 years was all the time in and out of the sun. this was when I first got my Vitamin D checked, it was 11. no sure what else I can do to prevent the deed red face, and the feeling of feverish and chills after ward. I am going to check my medicines, to see which are phototsenitive  when applying the lotrimin are you using the same finger/q-tip on each spot? it may take longer to apply, but making sure each spot you treat is treated by a sterile applicator could help. when i've treated people with ring worm on their bodies that's what we had to do, just assuming it would be about the same.  Try dmg sublingual. google DMG for use. good for many ailments. Sometimes referred to as B15 may be effective in some persons possible benefits for ADHD enhancement,, Autism. muscular use . No side effects ever seen. enhances metabolism and may other health related conditions.    If you are dying, bleaching or using other chemical substances on your hair it could affect it and make hair fall out.  no its upto you  Hair loss (Alopecia) can be caused by chemotherapy that kills rapidly dividing cells; other medications may cause hair to thin. These are most often temporary effects: hair usually starts to regrow a few weeks after the last treatment, and sometimes can change colour, texture, thickness and style. Sometimes hair has a tendency to curl after regrowth, resulting in "chemo curls." Severe hair loss occurs most often with drugs such as doxorubicin, daunorubicin, paclitaxel, docetaxel, cyclophosphamide, ifosfamide and etoposide. Permanent thinning or hair loss can result from some standard chemotherapy regimens. Chemotherapy induced hair loss occurs by a non-androgenic mechanism, and can manifests as alopecia totalis, telogen effluvium, or less often alopecia areata.[83] It is usually associated with systemic treatment due to the high mitotic rate of hair follicles, and more reversible than androgenic hair loss,[84][85] although permanent cases can occur.[86] Chemotherapy induces hair loss in women more often than men.[87] Scalp cooling offers a means of preventing both permanent and temporary hair loss, however concerns for this method have been raised.[88][89]  I have a friend who has PCOS and successfully got many of the symptoms under control including the weight gain and had 2 children. The key though, is finding the right doctor who will really partner with you on getting it under control.  It sounds infected to me. I would try to get to a doctor but in the meantime, I would put a topical antibiotic on it like bacitracin or something. I hope it feels better soon.  You can always try shaving it.my five year old has a similar problem and I shave her eyebrows whenever it's needed.  I passed  no  no  ever since I was put on Bisoprolol and Verapamil I have noticed hair loss  If any teenager has this leading trait of hair loss in the family, then it can almost be made certain that it's hereditary and that pretty soon the condition could only worsen. The first step is to consult a doctor, particularly a hair restoration specialist, to see what can be done. For this you can refer to Dr. Coles forhair.com and as the patient is still a minor, a parent or guardian must be present to assume legal responsibility.  no it wont show up unless you smoke it  U need to get tested for STD need to tell doctor to test when they do test they check different things have to be specific test for STD sorry but sounds like u may have herpes.  There are so many different companies producing tattoo in right now that it would be very difficult to answer this question with a yes or a no. My suggestion would be to go to the tattoo shop that you're interested in getting tattooed at and ask the artist directly. Any reputable artist will either have the answer or the ability to answer it.  Man I have the same problem. I'm not sure as to why, but I have very very low testosterone. Have lots of Hair, back, chest. Sick lol for me. But seriously, I had scan too no tumors, low sex drive, very fatigued. Depression very bad. I've looked for an answer for 20 yrs and came up with nothing, but keep trying right? Don't give up hope.  An increase in hair, not only on the face but all over your body, is a natural occurance in pregnancy due to the increase in hormones. Most to all of the hair gained during pregnancy will fall out after giving birth. So try not to stress too much! I just had twin girls 7 weeks ago and mu furriness is gone. I did not get thick facial hair, but that isnt really a common one.  Laser hair removal is a complete series of treatments and procedures which removes unwanted body hairs. By this great method you can completely avoid waxing and shaving. In this method hair root is destroyed using a small electrode. The electrode is placed into the follicle of each hair that needs to be removed and destroys the root inside the follicle. A laser hair removal is very fast, efficient and effective. I heard that 90 percent of the patients have permanent hair loss after doing the laser hair removal. But you should take necessary precautions before and after treatment.  I have been told by someone that did my hair test that one time use will not show up. There needs to be repeat use. If you really only done it one time, then you should be ok.  Do not take this lightly! I went several years after being diagnosed with PCOS and having MDs tell me to exercise and diet even though I was. They looked at me like I was crazy and just flat out lieing to them. It took me many many years to find a doctor that actually did some tests which lead to a biopsy which was possitive for cancer. Everyone else said I was too young in my early 30's to have any such problem. The biopsy results came in on a Friday morning and I had a FULL hysterectomy and oopherectomy the following Monday. After I healed from surgery I lost a 50 pounds without doing anything different at all. I still continue to loose weight without doing anything extreme.  Relationship+91-9829717996 husband Wife love problem solution baba ji  Possibly an ingrown hair..especially if u shave the area..i'm not positive tho unless i see it lol sorry..  I am not a doctor, nor do I claim to be able to completely and utterly answer your question.. but one thing that is (likely) happening is that your insulin level is increasing. This would be one cause of the lack of menstruation you're having. Also, though birth control makes you sick, you may want to try a different type. With PCOS there are a lot of hormones that are "out of whack." Birth control helped me in the past keeping control of my cycle (though not all of the time). I would speak with a gynecologist or an endocrinologist(sp?).    i have heard of people with type 2 diabetes that had lots of hairloss but it grew bacjk    NO YOU HAVE TO GO TO YOUR DOCTOR THERE SHOULDNT NORMALLY BE A BUMP. SOMETHINGS WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Did your friend suffer a traumatic or very stressful event? Sometime the hair follicle experiences shock over traumatic event and will lose the hair or lose its color, not sure if it goes back to normal. Reminds me of the movie about the albino guy, I forget what it was called, wierd, good luck to your friend.  My boyfriend's grandmother will tell you her hair used to be very thin and brittle. Now her hairdresser wants to know what this lady is doing at the age of 77 for such great hair! She's thrilled to report that her regimen of Max International's Cellgevity is what makes all the difference! Do the research on an amino acid called glutathione and then go here! www.max.com/421839  Instead of taking a lot of vitamin pills, get back on the prenatals. I am 23 and I have had 4 children. The doctors told me I can keep taking the prenatals if I would like to because of all the vitamins, so it is safe to keep taking prenatals if you would like to. I think it would be better than to take a lot of different ones when you can take 1. Hope that helps.  only through blood to blood contact.  You may have had corrective surgery for a minor birth defect known as Hypospadias. It's when the urethra hole isn't in the correct position. To fix this, minor skin replacing surgery is performed. Often times they patch the original hole with skin from the scotom and then create a new hole in the tip of the penis in its natural position.  From personal experience (this may or may not be the same thing you're dealing with)...I went to the dr for the same thing. Apparently, people have the Staph bacteria all over their body all the time, and usually you're fine but sometimes the bacteria will get balsy or get into tiny openings in the skin and cause what feels like little cuts. I was getting them inside my nose for not apparent reason and nothing gets rid of it, and then it happened in the same place you're talking about. I was prescribed Mupirocin and it went away in about 3 days.  sounds like an yeast infection.. try getting stuff to treat that and go from there.. hope this helps :)  You have quite a bit of time before having to worry about penis size. You should have at least 3 or 4 more years of growing to do. Just remember, pubic hair it usually the first thing that happens as an adolesent, the rest will follow. Give it some time and try not to worry too much.  Sounds like an allergic reation to me as well. Most allergic reactions can be treated with meds such as zyrtec, allergra, claritin, or benydral. I'd start with one of those. Just follow the directions on the box. However, if your throat starts to close or you have difficulty breathing, get to an ER right away.  How big are they? It could possibly be Cellulitis that resulted from infected ingrown hairs.    no  smoking marlboro cig. has pcp in it is that what you are telling me?  Don't use a razor. Purchase her a trimmer. They have pretty ones for women!  Sounds like an in grown hair. You are more likely to get ingrown hairs if you shave in this area. If it doesnt go away on its on in a short time or if more appear I would get to you doctor just to be sure..  I am not no expert. My opinion yes. Why I say this. I have extreme allergies. The pet dander can cause him to have breathing problems the hair as well. I should know stayed with a friend who had 2 dogs inside both short hair. I slept in the front bedroom where the dogs were not allowed and I could not breath and felt like something was stuck in my throat. Believe it or not I would cough and cough still after months being gone and I had hair in my throat. Same is true to infants. A blanket could smother them. Not only from being over them but the fiber particles breaking loose and coming in contact with their air ways. Something to think about. I love dogs don't get me wrong. I have owned a Malamute but I had to keep him outside. I think it is up to you what you do. If there is any signs up breathing problems or coughing sneezing scratching. itchy eyes etc I would get it checked.  Could be an allergic reaction to something. Maybe a medicine you've been taking. Hair in your throat feeling. Do you have pets in your home at all. If so you may really have a piece of hair in your throat. I have before and took some time before it came out. I can not take Zyrtec makes my allergies worse. Some things to think about. Dry mouth try salt water. Not really sure just some ideas to throw out there.  Not probably, but you can get to grow your hair at a slow rate. The Main advantage of it is to treat skin and fungal infections. Because of this, monistat promoted for hair growth but not because of any intrinsic properties. Although you can a have permanent solution for hair growth without any loss in the future with "Argan Oil" known as a miracle oil for hair growth and treatment. Because the oil's acidity and vitamins are essential for hair and assist in softening, nourishing and rehabilitating the hair.  Depending on size of dog, baby aspirin for pain, and children's benadryl in dose recommended for weight. What are you giving both for?  Are you female? Over 40 or no ovaries? Could be menopause!  Lice might be the problem  not sure  possibly a pinched nerve  only if you want to  You need to talk to your doctor this in unusual.  