Sorry about those random topics. I thought I unchecked vision and salad.  I feel that it actually differs from person to person. Normally it should take about a week or two. Read more information regarding it from http://www.mysmilekeeper.com.  Eating disorders are usually seen to fall in with one of the conditions: Anexoria Nervosa, Bulimina Nervosa, and Binge Eating. The following link will open a WebMd article that address clinical approches to treating eating disorders. http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/eating-disorders/signs-of-eating-disorders Here are some random nutritional considerations to be employed with eating disorders: With time, and by eating balanced, tasty, colorful, flavorful, and nutritious meals, your body should recover from its past damages.  It is suggested that the characteristics of upper extremities bleeding easily with delayed healing should be assessed by a medical professional. This condition in the elderly has the strange name of " Senile Purpura". Some of the reasons for bleeding easily may be attributable to: delays in the blood coagulating and/or platelet (help blood to clot) disorders; Other conditions such as liver disease, hemophilia, and the taking of medications such as aspirin/warfarin blood thinner type agents can also be responsible for your easy bruising and excessive time to heal. The following WebMD link will open a link for an article that discusses the reasons behind bleeding and clotting disorders that cause bruising: http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/bleeding-or-clotting-disorders-that-cause-bruising It is recommended that you make an appointment with your family doctor to have a complete medical exam, routine lab works, and the updating of your medical history. I hope that this answer has been helpful.   Here are my thoughts that are intended to be helpful: 1. It is not normal to still be in pain two years after surgery; 2. Anything is possible, but I do not think that you had surgery without the break being repaired. But it is very possible that the surgery was not successful or that damage occurred after the surgery; 3. You should not be subjected to a life full of pain; 4. By the way, what happened to the original doctor who performed your surgery? That individual had a responsibility to follow you post-surgically; 5. You need to see a different doctor (one that does take you seriously). Taking of an x-ray would seem to be a necessary diagnostic tool that was not employed. Having of an x-ray is rather routine, cost effective, and many times can even be done in the doctor's office. I am surprised at the omission of an x-ray in your case because doctors today can be held accountable for "Failure to Diagnosis.  i had a hysterectomy a yr ago?  Inflammation of the tendon in the foot.  It helps immensely to use a small hard ball (tennis ball) and roll the arch of your foot back and forth on it. It helps stretch and relieve some of the ache from the tendon being inflamed.  Not sure, but sounds more like a spider bite. I'd show it to a doctor.  My first thought was low iron but if the blood tests have come back normal, it could be something as simple as over use of asprin or tylenol, As far ast the bruise goes, if it was a deep bruise it could take a while to heal. i have heard as long as a couple months. if the tissue was damaged it would talk longer to heal. Im not positive on this but I hope this helps! :)  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  I was giving my wife clitoral stimulation and orgasms 2 weeks after our children were born. I waited 4 weeks before I stimulated her vagina with my fingers which increases the intensity of her orgasms. I didn't use any dildos or vibrators in her vagina or on her clit until 8 weeks after the births. She did just fine.  I would also like to indicate that I only started havin these symptoms, after I looked them and started worrying about. Also just talked to the girl she said she was clean.  This happened to me a few days ago. Have your problems resolved? How long did it take if so? Can you get an erection now?  I am so sorry to hear you're suffering with . It truly is one of the cruelest disorders out there. Unfortunately, the only permanent treatment for this disease is surgery. This is because hidradenitis suppurativa is an infection of the sweat glands. The only way to permanently rid yourself of the abscesses is to surgically remove them. When the abscesses are smaller and more superficial, they can be treated with antibiotics. However, as you've discovered, this disease can take cruel turns, with large outbreaks containing multiple sinus tracts that just won't heal. That's usually the point at which surgery becomes an option. I'm sorry you were misdiagnosed for so long. I suggest you consult several plastic and reconstructive surgeons or general surgeons with significant experience dealing with hidradenitis over the long term. Unfortunately, many patients require several surgeries over the course of years, so finding a surgeon you "click" with is crucial. I sincerely wish you all the best with this. When I worked as a plastic and reconstructive surgery nurse, I had the privilege of caring for a number of hidradenitis patients, so I honestly know what you're dealing with.  The short answer is: No. A hernia, by definition, is an opening in the muscles that allows other tissue (often the intestinal wall) to protrude. This opening or tear in the muscle will not heal itself. In fact, attempting to strengthen the abdominal muscles could backfire and make the hernia worse. An umbilical hernia is not uncommon, even in an adult. However, it's worth getting an accurate diagnosis from a health care provider. Your provider also can tell you whether or not you'd benefit from a surgical repair of the hernia or not. Hope this helps!  The short answer is: Yes. Unfortunately, you have exposed yourself to . It doesn't matter that the cold sore was scabbed over or that the lip lesion "barely touched" your penis. A person with herpes can spread the virus even when it's not active. Your girlfriend's herpes most definitely was active, since she had a lesion. This does not mean you positively will develop genital herpes, but you're flirting with disaster. You need to take better precautions in the future. There is no cure for genital herpes. If you do develop genital herpes, you absolutely must disclose the fact to your partners before you have sex with them. They have a right to decide whether or not to risk getting the virus from you. And while condom use is good, be aware a condom won't necessarily protect you from herpes, because the virus can reside in groin areas that aren't covered by the sheath. I'm not sure how old you are, but you may want to read about the rise in genital herpes transmission among US teens due to having oral sex with an infected partner. Even if you're not a teenager, the same scenario applies to your story. Please stop engaging in unsafe sex. Always use a condom. Don't have any type of sexual relations with a person who obviously has a virus that can become a sexually transmitted disease. You owe it to yourself and your sexual partners to be responsible about your sexual practices. Wishing you well!  I can see why it might sound logical that calcium supplementation could help heal faster. After all, bones are made of calcium, right? So feeding them calcium should speed up healing. Unfortunately, that's not how it works. Unless you have a pre-existing calcium deficiency (not likely in an otherwise healthy 16-year-old boy), taking calcium will not help your bones heal. The process of bone healing is called "remodeling." Your body removes dead bone cells and builds new ones in their place. This process occurs on a pretty predictable schedule. For common fractures, like the one you describe, the remodeling process normally takes 6 to 8 weeks. Unfortunately, your son will just have to wait this out. What help the bones heal on schedule is not engaging in activities that put stress on the areas of the fracture. Resting the hand (to keep the fractures stable) will allow the body to do its remodeling job and get the bones back to normal. Wishing you well!  From what you're describing, these two events don't seem to be related. If the skin cracking you're now experiencing occurs at a different place on the finger from where the cut was, then the cut has nothing to do with what's going on right now. Cracking of the skin around the nail area is not an uncommon problem, especially in the winter when the air dries out due to artificial heating (using the furnace) or when the hands are placed in water for long periods of time. If you work in a job that requires you to place your hands in water -- particularly any water that contains chemicals, such as dishwashing soap, disinfectants, that sort of thing -- you should be provided with rubber gloves to protect your hands. You also would be well advised to wear rubber gloves at home whenever you work with water to help prevent this skin cracking you're experiencing. It's impossible to say what's causing this, exactly. If your health care provider prescribed steroid cream, it makes me wonder if he or she diagnosed this as a . But I'm not going to speculate here. Since the situation is bothering you, I'd suggest making another appointment with your primary care provider (or whoever prescribed the steroid cream) to discuss the situation and the diagnosis. Your PCP will be able to tell you how to manage this situation. All the best to you!  I'm sorry to hear about your husband's skin cancer. That can certainly be a scary experience, and you're wise to keep a close watch on his skin from now on. The cracking at the corner of your husband's mouth probably is not cancer, but since he's had a skin cancer once, it would be a good idea to get it checked out by a health care provider. Often, cracking at the corner of the mouth is a symptom of perleche, or . This can be caused by a fungus (which can be treated by your health care provider) or by a Vitamin B deficiency. However, the symptom you're describing could be caused by many things, including, yes, a cancer. That's why it would be best for your husband to be examined by your primary care provider. He or she can diagnose the problem and treat it accordingly. Good luck to you!  It's hard to say what's causing this. Although outwardly everything may look healed, that's not necessarily the case inside. It takes about 6 weeks for scar tissue to become as strong as suture. It's possible you popped a small suture during stretching, which is now causing you a little pain. Or it's possible this is simply residual pain from the surgery. It's not uncommon for nerves that were cut during surgery to start "waking up" around this timeframe. You might expect on-and-off pain from this nerve healing process for several months. If you've been doing vigorous exercising, I'd advise you to speak with your doctor. It's possible you worked out too hard to quickly. This probably wouldn't cause any serious or lingering health problems, but it's worth investigating. If you haven't been cleared by your surgeon to exercise, then you should stop until you have clearance. Wish I could give you a better answer, but it's impossible to say what's going on here without a physical exam. If the pain persists, or if you suddenly spike a fever over 101F, you definitely need to seek medical attention. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry you're going through this. is an unpleasant procedure, and it's worse when post-surgical symptoms linger on for so long. I suggest you schedule a follow-up appointment with your surgeon. As the specialist, he or she is in the best position to evaluate your situation and make recommendations for treatment, if any. I think you've suffered long enough. Recovery from hemorrhoid surgery generally only takes 2-4 weeks. Why not give your surgeon a call for an appointment? Wishing you all the best!  Good question. I guess I'm assuming you're the one with and that you have had this diagnosis confirmed by a doctor. If not, and you suspect you have in your neck, obviously you need to see a doctor as soon as possible because the situation could be very dangerous. Bones are very good at repairing themselves. In fact, bones are constantly remodeling their structure, replacing old cells with new ones. The type of treatment for a bone fracture depends on the location and severity of the break. For example, a simple broken arm may be treated only with stabilization (a cast) while the bone mends itself. On the other hand, a severe fracture of bones in the ankle may require surgery with the use of screws and plates to hold the bone fragments together. Like I said, if you suspect you have a broken bone in your neck from an injury, you need to seek medical attention. A doctor will advise you on what treatment is required, if any, for the situation. Best wishes to you!  Yow. Well, that's painful. I'm sorry to hear you went through that! Generally, structures in the mucosa (the moist part) of the mouth tend to heal fairly quickly. You will want to keep the torn area clean by rinsing with a lukewarm (think 1/2 teaspoon of salt to one cup of water, mixed thoroughly) a few times a day. Also, take care in eating so the tissue doesn't get disrupted much. Try soft foods that don't require you to "bite into" them. No sandwiches or apples, for example. Only things you can eat with a fork. Infection in this type of scenario is unlikely, but just in case: If you start running a fever or if the injury gets worse instead of better, then be sure to see a medical professional. Chances are you'll be healed up within 7-10 days. Wishing you well!  Aw, poor baby! And poor mom, having to go through this. I would not recommend self-treating this. I would do as the doctor said, and wait to see how your son is doing in 5 days. Your doctor has very good reasons for recommending your son's foot not be casted (immobilized) for a period of time. It's possible that immobilizing the limb by using something like a walking boot could cause muscle atrophy (shrinkage), which would be damaging to your son. If you have any questions about why your doctor recommended taking a wait-and-see approach, then I'd suggest you call and ask him. In the moment of crisis, when you're in the ER and feeling anxious about your baby's health, it's easy to forget to ask questions. Your doctor won't mind if you call and find out exactly why he's taking this approach with your son. Best wishes to you and the little one!  Good question. It's always kind of questionable whether or not to treat a suspected broken toe, isn't it? If the toe is crooked or grossly deformed, then I'd suggest you really ought to see a doctor at least to set it properly. If it's a severe break, a doctor can give you some options for fixing it, ranging from splinting to surgery. He or she also can tell you what long-term consequences you may face from fixing the break versus not fixing it. It also depends a little bit on which toe you're talking about. If you think you broke your big toe, it's probably worth a trip to the doctor because the big toe is the most important one when it comes to walking. If you're talking about your pinky toe and it's not grossly deformed, you might be able to get away with simply taping it to the adjacent toe in order to splint it. Meanwhile, keep the foot elevated to reduce swelling. As long as you're not allergic to over-the-counter pain relievers, you can take them for the pain. Good luck to you!  I'm sorry you're dealing with this. The issue of (methicillin-resistant Streptococcus aureaus) infection continues to grow as a public health concern. As you've learned, it can take multiple rounds of antibiotics to treat MRSA. Because only the infected spot on your nose is itching, I doubt what you're experiencing is a side effect of medication. I guess my point is it's impossible to say what's causing the itching and tingling without a physical examination. If you're scheduled for follow-up with your health care provider, you are probably safe to take a wait-and-see approach with this, as long as you don't develop a fever or additional symptoms (increased redness/swelling/heat at the infection site, feeling like you're coming down with the flu -- that sort of thing). If you don't already have a follow-up appointment scheduled, I'd suggest making one. You and your doctor want to be sure that infection is well and truly gone. In the meantime, be sure against spreading any possible remaining infection by washing your hands often and thoroughly; not sharing towels or clothing that may have touched the infected spot; and routinely disinfecting routinely touched surfaces by using antimicrobial wipes or something similar. I hope this helps!  The best advice I can give you is to go back to your piercer. They have specialized tools to help remove these piercings safely. It's not likely the piercing has become ingrown. It's much more likely the darn thing is just stuck! However, if there is a problem with the piercing, your piercer should be able to recommend a course of action. If you get infections around the piercing, I'd suggest you see your primary health care provider. These infections can turn serious, and it's lucky yours have all cleared up. Hope this helps!  For the most accurate information, you should call your surgeon's office and ask to speak to the nurse. He or she can advise you as to what post-op care your surgeon prefers. Generally speaking, it should be OK to shampoo normally. Be careful not to catch a suture with your comb or brush. (Ouch!) Assuming you're not allergic to any medications, you're probably safe to apply an antibiotic ointment to the wound (such as a generic "triple antibiotic ointment") for a few days. After that, you're probably safe to use A+D ointment (which does not contain antibiotics) to promote healing. This ointment is usually found on the diaper rash aisle of any grocery store or drug store. You shouldn't apply any hair product to the area (like mousse or hairspray), and you shouldn't blow-dry the area right around the wound. It's very hard to keep a bandage on a wound that's surrounded by hair, and you may not need to keep this covered. If you work with the public (especially with children, such as in daycare or school setting, or if you work in retail or handle money), then I'd suggest you try to keep the wound covered to avoid allowing germs in. However, if you work in an office environment, for example, you're probably OK to leave the wound uncovered. This shouldn't affect its healing, as long as you keep it moist with either the antibiotic ointment or A+D until it scabs over. No matter what, wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water before you touch or bandage your wound. The wound should scab over within a week or so, and it will continue healing for up to a few weeks. Once a scab is in place, you no longer need to apply any ointment or a bandage. As I said, these are general guidelines only. Your surgeon may have different preferences, and you should consult him or her for instructions. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. A torn rotator cuff can be very painful to live with! I suggest you have a good, long conversation with your surgeon about your concerns regarding . It's not uncommon for a person to have second thoughts about undergoing surgery or to think of questions they wish they'd asked at the initial consultation. A good surgeon will want to make sure you're completely comfortable with your decision to have surgery -- or not. And, remember, it IS decision. I recommend you make the decision hand-in-hand with your doctor because he or she has the medical expertise to guide you in your decision-making process. You can always request to be re-assessed to see if surgery still makes sense in your situation. Not all torn rotator cuffs are treated with surgery. That said, if surgery is recommended, your surgeon can explain how your sickle cell anemia may affect the healing process, and what things he or she plans to do to reduce any chances of complications. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're dealing with this. Skin rashes can be painful and annoying. Unfortunately, it's impossible to diagnose what this might be without performing a physical examination. From what you're describing, this sounds like some type of . I doubt it's warts because they usually are not painful or scaly. Fortunately, many types of dermatitis can be treated with a prescription cream that will heal up the scaly patch of skin. Once it heals up, the pain should go away. I'd recommend you make an appointment with your primary care provider or a dermatologist the next time this flares up. That way, you'll get an accurate diagnosis. Best wishes to you!  If you're referring to a crack in the corner of your mouth, where the upper and lower lips join, you may be suffering from perleche, known medically as . Perleche can be caused by a fungal infection, in which case you'll need to see a doctor for medication to help it heal. The condition also can be caused by a deficiency of Vitamin B, so you can try taking a vitamin supplement (assuming you're not allergic to any medications or food colorings) or eating more green, leafy vegetables which typically contain plenty of different B vitamins. Because of the possibility this is a fungal infection, I'd suggest making an appointment with your primary care provider for an evaluation. I wish you all the best!  Hm. I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. I'm going to assume you got a skin graft to cover the large burned area. If this is the case, remember you need to keep it well-moisturized because it will not produce its own protective oils the way the rest of your skin does. If you're not putting plenty of lotion or oil on the graft, it could possibly respond in the way you're describing. Regardless of whether or not you got a graft, the fact you're having new symptoms in this old burn scar is worth a trip to the doctor. I'd suggest you make an appointment with either the health care provider who handled your burn at the time or with your primary care provider to have this looked at. Meanwhile, if you're not allergic to any medications, you're probably OK to take some Benadryl (diphenhydramine) to calm the itching, especially at night. Diphenhydramine may make you very drowsy, so use caution if taking it during the day. I wish you all the best with this!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Here's the thing. This could be some sort of blemish, like a clogged pore, but that pimple also could be the . Even if you've never had unprotected sex, you should see a gynecologist while that pimple is active so that he or she can diagnose the problem. I'd suggest calling to make an appointment as soon as possible. Meanwhile, you should avoid having sex, even with a condom. Condoms may not fully protect your partner against certain STDs, such as . Best of luck to you!  Sorry to hear you're going through this. Despite the fact you're married, if you ever had sex with anyone besides your current partner, you could have contracted a and not have known it. For example, , which causes genital warts, often produces no symptoms. Keep in mind it's also possible your husband is infected with an STD and doesn't know it. However, we're not going to jump to the conclusion this is an STD. To answer your question, yes, I would suggest you see a medical professional about this. You need to find out if it is, in fact, an STD or if it's something else entirely. You also need to get treated for it and find out how, if possible, to prevent it from occurring in the future. I hope it turns out to be something very simple and easily treated. All the best to you!  I would suggest you to eat banana, honey, cabbage juice as these are the natural remedies to cure stomach ulcer. but I think you should visit a good gastrology consultant first. http://www.londongiassociates.com/  I would suggest you to eat banana, honey, cabbage juice as these are the natural remedies to cure stomach ulcer.  It could be either or. Between my sister and I we had fell down a flight of steps. I badly bruised my tailbone, but she had broke hers. So my advice to you go get it checked out, for your benefit, you'll be glad you did. My sister had to sit on a cushion called a donut.  It depends on the condition of the bruise. Usually It takes about 2 weeks for a bruise to heel. A bruise means broken blood vessels inside your skin. The color comes from red blood cells leaking out of the broken blood vessels. Bruises are caused by deep pressure like an object hitting the skin with a certain amount of pressure. The bluish color comes from the skin metabolizing meaning breaking down the blood cells that leaked out of the broken blood vessels. It shows that your body is healing itself. After about 5 days the bruise becomes a yellowish green and after 10-14 days the bruise fades out.  I have a similar issue. How did/is your problem developing? Have you regained the ability to achieve an erection?  daily walk 45 mins  This all depends on how much of your hand was burned  if it is a large area, you will want to be seen by a health care provider as soon as possible. Do not puncture the blisters and do not put anything on the burn like butter, mayonnaise or ice. Even if it is a small area, you will want to watch it for signs of infection which includes redness, swelling, continued pain, and possible oozing or a "wet" appearance.  This is a popular question that I get at the pharmacy. Typically the topical hydrocortisone products are very effective to use as long as the skin isn't broken or bleeding. If the itching is really bothersome, an antihistamine like Benadryl or Zyrtec may be appropriate as well. Be sure to have your medication list handy when you are talking to the pharmacist and let us know any other over-the-counter products you may have tried already too, so we can help make the best decision.  I had a heel spur and surprisingly someone recommended wearing penny loafers. The heal spur disappeared, I have no idea why but hard soled shoes may be an answer. It certainly helped me.  Im no Dr. but I think you may need to have that rechecked. Ive had numerous yeast and bacterial infections and none have ever scabbed. It may be different since you had a staph infection but honestly that sounds like herpes.  Way definitely a good idea. And use the one called Man1 Man Oil, which is what I use, and my dick has never been in better shape. My tool is way sensitive to any changes, like soap or detergent, but it has given me no probs since I started using this stuff  its awesome!  Way definitely a good idea. And use the one called Man1 Man Oil, which is what I use, and my dick has never been in better shape. My tool is way sensitive to any changes, like soap or detergent, but it has given me no probs since I started using this stuff  its awesome!   It's important to adopt a balanced, nutrient-rich diet to help the ulcer heal and keep your body healthy. Small frequent meals (4-6 times) tend to be better tolerated than fewer (2-3 times) big meals. Avoid or limit alcohol, as it can make symptoms worse and delay healing of the ulcer. Avoid caffeine-containing food and beverages (coffee, tea and chocolate) as they can increased stomach acid making symptoms worse. Watch for foods that may cause discomfort such as spicy or greasy foods while your ulcer is healing. For more on what to eat with an ulcer, see this article .  There is no reason to wait to introduce a multivitamin as symptoms of Celiac disease usually improve in a few days to weeks, and this means absorption of nutrients increases as well. It will take longer for the intestines to completely heal and studies shows this varies from individual to individual (can take 2-5 years in adults, and some may not experience full regeneration of the intestinal villi). It's also beneficial to get lab work done to see if there any specific nutrient deficiencies such as iron, folic acid and vitamin D. In some cases, additional supplementation will be needed. Always consult your doctor. For more on diet and supplements for Celiac disease, see this WebMD article.  No. Boils are not contagouse..  Hi, First How long to heal, how long is a piece of string, to each person its going to be different answer. But your ice packing them, and have you thought of having tens treatment for it, it does the same thing as ice packing, it will bring extra blood into the area, this adds healing, you can buy your own tens machine, or go through a physio for it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If this is inside you, then its time go back and see your surgeon as he /she should be able to help you best. Good Luck  Hi I wont ask how, unless it was your zipper? look all you can do is this twice a day wash it with some sea salt water, and make sure it gets inside to the tear, just a tea spoon in some warm water in a glass or cup will do and just a heaped tea spoon. Just give it time and when ever you can just use a tissue to dry the inside. Sea salt will help clean and heal, it works. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I would cut out the antibiotics, that's over kill, To be honest just washing twice a day with a sea salt solution, would be all you now need. See, sea salt is warm water helps to clean and aid healing, just google sea salt and wounds. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi I would think it would be safe to resume. Happy Days. Good Luck  Hi At 3 weeks you should be OK, but this would depend on you, have you be out walking, as this is a great way to get yourself back to normal, a long with doing some gentle stretching. Now if you had been doing this, twice daily, you would be fit and healthy to go back to work/collage. If not then now is the time to start. Do hope his helps. Good Luck  Hi A hard thing to do, but try laying off sex till its healed, to add the healing try giving your penis head a sea salt water wash twice a day, till its healed over, the give it a good 8 to 10 days before you have sex again, but also lay off masturbating as well. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Seeing as my Father had big problems with ulcers on both legs, I do know what a big problem they can be, they never seem get better, an one clears up out comes two more, and on it goes, but I do remember him having problems with circulation, with his blood and his leg. See if you can find some leg ulcer help on earthclinic.com you may find some answers there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi First is it a tendon or a ligament? tendons can heal there self's given time, your can either go the non-surgical way or the surgical way. But have a read through this link, it could help you. The Link, http://orthoinfo.aaos.org/topic.cfm?topic=a00031 Copy this link into google to open and read. Should help you. Good Luck  Hi, So you have done 5 days, ten your on your way to given it completely, its time to do the right thing, I did it 17 years ago, its worked for me, as they say never put off what you can do today till tomorrow, just think from now on your between cigs that's the way I have done it. So if I told you it will take even longer to heal if you smoke, would that help. Just give your mouth some time. good Luck  Hi Boyfriend/Husband been nibbling on them? OH why think of cancer? OK just give them a sae salt water wash twice a day, try and keep them dry through the day, the salt will aid cleaning and healing, see how you get on. Good Luck  Hi If you do have broken fingers, these do need setting ASAP, I think the ER would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi, Try this, wash your nipple in warm Sea Salt water twice daily, the gentle rub some Aloe Vera gel, the Sea Salt should aid the healing and help keep it clean, and the Aloe Vera gel is very good for your skin and a lot of other things. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, As it seems you need to have your hands in water, now if you don't need to go to deep try some latex gloves, see if this cures your problem, that's as long as you don't have a problem with latex. Its just an Idea. Good Luck  Hi, Just think sea salt, this will help clean and heal your tears, do this twice a day, in a warm bath if possible, till there have healed, but try and keep of sex till then, if it happens again make sure your using lots of lubrication, sex oils. But till then keep it clean and dry, wear cotton knickers or just go commando. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, It may not be a rib but the cartilage that sit in the middle, and if you have moved that, yes boy it hurts, I did the same, its all down to sleeping on your back and taken life easy as you can, but if it is a rib, then its just doing the same. When you get up from lying in bed, just roll out, your find it a lot easer. Just keep on the pain killers, that's all you can do. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you can here the wind blowing, then you popped you ear drum, just keep some cotton wool in it for a couple of weeks, but do change it daily, it will slowly heal all by itself. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Find blood in stools or urine go see your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi The bump is probably were is healing, but now you should start some kind of simple exercises to get it mobile, ice pack it twice daily and if you home for the day 3 times, but just for twenty minutes, use a packet of frozen peas in a cloth, if you can try and get some tens treatment, these last two will attract new blood into the area, helps healing. Also try getting into a swimming pool, it's low impact exercising will work wonders, try doing the breast stroke, its very good for foot exercises, if you can get in daily. Do hope this get you back up. Good Luck  Hi Its safe after 4 to 6 weeks, this would depend on how healthy you and a lot would be how you feel. But you should start slowly and just work back up, there is no need to try and break any records, its not a race and think of your body at all times. You don't want to undo anything you have had done. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Answer above.  Hi Just try some Aloe vera. soothing and should help, but do try some cotton nickers, these could help, there more natural to the skin. Also try washing your skin in a sea salt warm water wash, use no soaps, this could help as well. Good Luck  Hi, Not being a doctor, but just how many times in the last couple of years has your Mother been on antibiotics? The more we have the lass effective they become, just off the top of my hed do you thing this could be the reason behind her problem, these are just thoughts. But below are a couple of links that may help you put a finger on her problem. The First Link. http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/features/cut-urinary-tract-infection-risks The second Link http://jac.oxfordjournals.org/content/65/suppl_3/iii25.full Do hope these help your mothers problem. Good Luck  Hi If your saying there's something not right, then get back to where it was done and ask them. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi You need help with your serious problem, you need help, either your doctor or the ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi An MRI would help solve your problem of being either tendon or ligaments. Have a good look at the link below shows were your ligaments are, and you can change it for tendons. http://www.footeducation.com/ligaments-of-foot-and-ankle/ Just copy into google to the www. To open and read. Good Luck  HI try just listening to your medical staff and just do as they say, sometimes its not wise to question there advice, so you give up smoking for a couple of months, who knows may just give you the intensive to pack up all the way. But nicotine will slow down the healing, this is the one thing you just don't need, the medical staff just wont to see you healthy and get strong again. Please just be wise, and help yourself. Good Luck I packed up smoking 18 years ago, and like me you will fill a whole lot better.  Hi, OK the abscess could be from a hair follicle, these do happen, just keep it clean wash it wit some sea salt in warm water, this helps clean and heal your wound, but do make sure all the pus is out till it bleeds then its all out. A for the blister, been having sex with street women or dirty girls who put it around. So yes for that I would go see your doctor, or if you have an STD/GUM Clinic go there that's what its there for, the staff will be very helpful, its there job. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As long as its not a big cut, then just wash your mouth out with salt water a couple of times a day, the will help clean and heal the cut, it will heal just the same as skin heals on the outside. Good Luck  Hi here are some links below the may help you, and help understand things a bit better. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Abscess/Pages/Causes.aspx http://www.nativeremedies.com/ailment/natural-treatments-for-skin-abscess.html http://www.earthclinic.com/search.php?cx=partner-pub-2476760853251960%3Ae2s0aw4vhqg&cof=FORID%3A10&ie=ISO-8859-1&q=leg+absess&sa=&siteurl=www.earthclinic.com%2Failments.html%3Fltr%3DA%23ailments&ref=www.earthclinic.com%2Failments.html&ss=4793j2972631j10 http://www.cayennepepper.info/treating-wounds-with-cayenne-pepper.html All these links you will have to copy into google to read them, the last one is the odd ball, no real facts are know about it with an absess, but seeing as were you are could the ace in the hole, sorry for the pun, just give it a try, clean it out fill it up and put a cover over it and change it daily. Do hope it helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi here are some links below the may help you, and help understand things a bit better. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Abscess/Pages/Causes.aspx http://www.nativeremedies.com/ailment/natural-treatments-for-skin-abscess.html http://www.earthclinic.com/search.php?cx=partner-pub-2476760853251960%3Ae2s0aw4vhqg&cof=FORID%3A10&ie=ISO-8859-1&q=leg+absess&sa=&siteurl=www.earthclinic.com%2Failments.html%3Fltr%3DA%23ailments&ref=www.earthclinic.com%2Failments.html&ss=4793j2972631j10 http://www.cayennepepper.info/treating-wounds-with-cayenne-pepper.html All these links you will have to copy into google to read them, the last one is the odd ball, no real facts are know about it with an absess, but seeing as were you are could the ace in the hole, sorry for the pun, just give it a try, clean it out fill it up and put a cover over it and change it daily. Do hope it helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi, The tricky part is how do you keep them frozen till they reach your ulcer, it takes them a long time before they reach that area, but will let you work that bit out. Good Luck PS but which ulcer are we talking about?  Hi Your best bet would be go see your doctor, get some antibiotics to clear it up. But in the mean time, keep up with the sea salt wash's, try having a bath with sea salt in it twice a day, let it soak, and why your in the try getting some of the puss out, and why your doing that the salt water should get in, but make sure its sea salt, works a lot better. Good Luck  Hi, OK you just need some Sea Salt, just put a couple of handfuls of SS in a warm bath, just let yourself soak in it letting the water get inside your vagina, do this twice a day for 3 to 4 days. Sea Salt is very good and cleaning and healing, works well. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi He's OK picking at a scab will do that, it going red means its healing, if the scab is still there, you can put a warm wash cloth on it, this will soften it and the rest should come off, always use salt water to wash cuts, its best. It should just re-scab overnight, but any redness is OK. Good Luck  Hi Two things, you can either have surgery or not, ether way you will need a cast, but will take many weeks being on crutch's. Sorry bit more than just a boot. Good Luck  Hi Found you a couple of links these should help you to understand what you want. http://www.oddee.com/item_98370.aspx https://global-help.org/publications/books/help_kelleherflaps.pdf Just copy each one into google to the www. One at a time to open and read Good Luck  Hi I would say no, for fly fishing its all in the wrist, all movements come from the wrist, its the one main thing he would use. If need be it would be he goes but only as a spectator, he can still learn even by just watching and it would get him out in the fresh air. Me I used to love my fishing in the UK, but just match fishing. Tight Lines. Good Luck  Hi Yes its the nicotine that affects the healing. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes it would help during the day but covered up at night, so you don't get anything on your sheets, just in case your married and a man wife's kind of frown on that, but also try washing it with sea salt in warm water, do this 2 or 3 times a day. Good Luck  Hi I would get back to see your surgeon, see what he has to say, after all he's the one who did the operation, so he should be able to answer your questions. Good Luck  Hi Have a read of this link, it may help you. The Link http://www.wikihow.com/Treat-Frostbite Hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi First have you been and seen your doctor or uro, if not you should ASAP. Just remember as men we get one penis, break it you don't get a second one, I hope you are getting the picture. When we masturbate, the action should resemble that of the vagina,1 it should not be a grip of steel, 2 your find it a bit hard to have sex that vigorous sex, so doe these resemble just what you have been doing, or is it 3 your a stud and been having lots of sex. The best thing you can is go get some tests done and take it from there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sea Salt in a warm bath will help as it will help clean and heal the bits not healed yet, just a couple of handfuls in each bath will do it, twice a day if you can. Good Luck  Hi, For many women, UTIs and UTI symptoms will go away on their own, although a woman be uncomfortable in the meantime, However, theres risk that the infection will spread to the kidney and turn into a much more serious kidney infection, which is why you should always treat a UTI quickly  especially if youre pregnant, because a UTI could put you at risk for preterm labor. Do Hope This helps Good Luck  Hi I would just keep off the sex, just wash it twice daily with warm sea salt water, this will help the healing and help keep it clean, but it needs to be sea salt. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Oh wow, you should still go see a doctor. That sounds pretty serious and even if it was 10 days ago you should still go get it checked to be sure.  Sometimes deep bruises do not heal if there is damage to the tissue. If you are concerned its something else, you can ask your doctor about it next time you go in for a check up, but I wouldn't worry too much about it for now if you are not in pain.  A deep bruise on your tailbone won't show on the skin but it does hurt really badly and is uncomfortable to sit on for a while. When I bruised my tailbone falling down stairs I was in pain for about a week and a half and couldn't participate in normal activities for the first two days. I did see a doctor who confirmed it was just a bruise, though. It may have just been bruised badly but it could be safe to go to the walk in clinic for reassurance.  I have a aircast on right night. What you might like about it is that it is designed to take away the moisture or air everytime he put's preasure on it. Also the hard plastic sides actually feels good around because of the air flow but yet secure. That's hard to believe but it is true for me. I am still not walking. I probably tore something. But regardless this aircast did protect me and with only 2 straps it is easier for you to remove and put back on. Also is designed to wear in a shoe. I could not tackle that but as a mother of a young boy I believe this is the better choice. That 5 day cast would make the transition harder for your child because it is so much heavier. If your concerns is based on protection. The aircast can do the job in my opinion.  This happened to me before I changed my sneakers. When I ran or walked in those sneakers my toes would hurt especially the one next to my big toe. The lack of toe space in my sneakers caused my toes to cram against the front of the footwear. Causing pain and discomfort later and sometimes during the activity. I now wear sneakers slightly larger than my actual sneaker size to prevent this. Your toe was most likely being crammed when you sprinted.  You could have critters living under the surface of your skin. I would go in to have them lanced open, cleaned out with sterile solution and get on some antibiotics.  I myself can not help you but I to have had femur repair and my pain is very excruciating, unbearable pain. No one has dx. this and I read your in the very same condition as I. Some doctors just said it will go away. I would like to know how youfound the hole in the muscle? mri, cat scan? please help me. May God Bless you and I prAY FOR YOUR COMPLETE HEALING. DID THEY SAY IT WILL MEND ON ITS OWN? tHANK YOU, pATRICIA aNN  No  No  Please see a upper, GI specialist. Like yourself my stomach was in so much pain with eating and drinking and anything over the counter would not work. I had out patient procedure today by the upper GI and the ulcers were confirmed. I am now being properly treated and am on my way to feeling better. Rai Starr on FB or rai.starr1 on Skype Feel better soon, Blessings!!  yes  Also, contrary to popular belief, avoid dairy products. Although milk may coat your stomach, it makes your stomach produce more acid to break down the enzymes in it. If yours has been only for about a month, lucky you!! I've had mine for almost 4 mos., and nothing is helping! I don't eat spicy food, drink alcohol, or do dairy and still can't figure out what to eat!! It also depends on what kind of ulcer you have. If it's from bacteria, try asking for antibiotics. They can do blood tests to find out.  Do not try to "pop" your ears. Your perforated eardrum is trying to heal, and any increased pressure from tying to pop them could interfere with the natural healing (which may take several weeks, depending on the size of the perforation). The feeling you are experiencing may be more related to the inflammation of your eardrum, than the need to pop your ears.  Usually not, assume the water was "clean" (not a river or lake). I assume your eardrum ruptured due to an infection (guess), and that you are on an appropriate antibiotic treatment.  You need to see your medical provider so you can have this skin lesion properly examined. Many skin conditions will mimic an ingrown hair. It may not have been an ingrown hair at all, but a sebaceous cyst (oil gland) or other common penile skin lesions. If your penis is important to you, and I know that it is, get it checked out.  If I can't SEE it....feel this lesion first-hand....I can't identify it. This is why you need to have a proper medical evaluation.  Depends on which frenulum you are taking about....there is one under the tongue and one on the head of the penis.  I have never heard of a medical condition called a "shocked liver", so it would be best to get your true diagnosis from your medical provider. Since every person is different when it comes to hepatic abnormalities, it would be best to get patient-specific recommendations from your medical provider -- someone who knows your lab results and your case.  The most common cause of sore throat is a virus, and most will last about a week, unless of course, you are developing a particularly nasty viral infection called mononucleosis (mono). If your sore throat does not resolve in a week, your doctor should consider ordering a mono test (EBV panel). Hopefully, you had a culture done (takes 2-3 days), since rapid Strep tests are not 100% accurate. As far as what to do about your "extreme pain", I am at a loss, since I really have no way of seeing your throat, or review your medical history. Gargling with warm saline (1/4 tsp of table salt with 8 oz of warm water) can help. Ibuprofen can help. Again, it is not typical to have extreme pain with a simple viral sore throat, so you may need to be re-examined.  Tell you parents. This may just be a common ANAL FISSURE, most likely from a particularly large bowel movement; very common when you are constipated. They tend to break open over and over again after a subsequent bowel movement. Since most young men would rather die than using the bathroom at school, I see these quite offen in my Adolescent Clinic. Get it checked out. While you may experience a little embarrassment by having your butt checked, this can get worse. Why not get it checked while the problem is still minor and fixed by some ointment and stool softeners? You are an official adult now, so get you butt in gear (so to speak) and see a medical provider.  Most of these little tears (I am assuming it is little) will heal rapidly....in just a few days. There is really little that you can put on this area, but a vaseline-based ointment or just plain vaseline will protect the area from urinary irritation. Just keeping the area clean during a shower is usually sufficient, and, of course, avoiding intercourse until you have completely healed.  It depends on the extent of the tear, but usually, surgery is required. I just had two rotator cuff repairs. If it could have healed without surgery, I would have been on-board. Discuss any non-surgical options with your orthopedic surgeon, but I suspect you will be seeing the inside of a surgery center soon.  If the use of e-cigarettes help you permanently STOP SMOKING, then this could be useful to you. Eventually, you will want to be off of the e-cigarettes as well. It can be very difficult to know how much damage that 13 years of smoking has caused. You can see a pulmonologist to have a few tests run. Over time, the lungs will repair a certain amount of damage, but the legacy of your smoking will still remain as a health risk factor for years to come. Obviously, the longer you are a non-smoker, the better it will be for your entire body; not just your lungs. You can do this.  It stops itching and cracking....and normal skin returns.  You will need to have your penis examined by a medical professional, either your primary care medical provider or a urologist. This is not an ER visit, but you can go to an Urgent Care facility. Try not to worry. It may not be as serious as it seems, but you need to have it properly checked. You will need to inform your parents and/or show this open area to your father. In the meantime, until you can see a medical provider, keep the area as clean as possible and use some topical antibacterial ointment. I am unclear why you were having irritation a month before this incident, but bacterial or yeast infections in this area, like balanitis, are not uncommon.  Why are you having unprotected sex? I would say you are NOT "good to go" until you get cleared by your STD testing AND you buy a ready supply of condoms and start using them....for your protection and the protection of your partners. There is no way for me to know the true nature of your lesion (scab or STD) based on description. This requires an examination by someone skilled with diagnosing STDs of all types.  Yes, the herpes virus can be spread this way.....or not. A person is never sure when they are shedding the virus, and the recipient would need to be susceptible at the time.  Yes, weight loss would help. Heel spurs can be treated by surgery, steroid injections, and orthotics (special shoe inserts).  Using milk may be as effective as plain water...... Milk really has no special healing powers for sunburn...it is just the coolness of the liquid that helps releave some of the discomfort.  Many shallow corneal abrasions will quickly heal, but they are susceptible to getting infections. Most clinicians will use antibiotic eye drops for several days once it is determined that the corneal abrasion (paper cut) will heal. Unfortunately, I have no way of determining the seriousness or outcome of your eye injury without a hands-on examination.  Yes, I suspect your sore tongue will improve on its own.  I would not suggest that you "squeeze" undiagnosed skin lesions. Unfortunately, it is not possible to make a blind assumption as to the nature of this lump, based solely on your description, so you will need to see your medical provider or a dermatotogist for a proper examination..  Yes, you can re-break an arm, but it will take an x-ray and a careful examination to make that determination. The fact that your arm is hurting more and more each day is an indication that you need to seek hands-on medical care. While there are many other non-fracture reasons for arm pain, these cannot be sorted out blindly over the Internet.  Although I cannot see your scar first hand, as a wound heals, it may produce more scarring tissue. This can often dissipate in about a year. In some cases, the scar tissue can become quite prominent, forming a keloid. If you are concerned about the current appearance of your scar, you will need to see a medical provider to examine it first-hand.  One sided throat pain is more concerning than if you had both sides sore. A concern would be a peritonsillar abscess. Since I have not way of examining your throat or delve into your medical history by this forum, I would suggest that you see your primary care medical provider and be re-examined. There are more things that can cause a sore throat than just Strep; one being mono (a virus). You need to be re-examined today if possible.  Yes, a urologist can easily fix this extra-skin issue with a minor, office surgery.  Yes, this can be surgically fixed. You would need to see a urologist. This would most likely be a simple office procedure to remove this extra skin if you find it to be a cosmetic issue.  Herpes where??? Genital herpes can be effectively treated by several different anti-viral medications. Shingles and cold sores/fever blisters are also herpes and may be treated differently. See your medical provider....warm water is not going to really do much.  I am very sorry, but without knowing your medical history and the medical details of your particular case, it would be impossible for me to know why you are not healing as expected, or whether you will require surgery. I can tell you that the fibula is not a weight bearing bone, so perhaps the "torn ligaments" are you main problem now. After two months in a cast, however, you should be healed by now. Because you are not, there are several different management approaches. I know you are frustrated and I am sorry that I cannot offer you the type of patient-specific insight that you need on this forum.  There are no set times for using Epsom salts for this purpose. As a matter of fact, I have never recommended it. What concerns me is the redness and swelling, which can be signs of infection, especially when it was an animal bite. I recommend that you call your medical provider or the place that sutured your hand, for patient-specific advice. As you know, I have no way of seeing or examining your injury over the Internet.  That would depend on the CAUSE of the vertigo. I have to tell you that there are hundreds of different causes. Some will self-resolve over time, and some will require medications to control the symptoms. If your vertigo has been persistent, you will need to see your primary care medical provider or an ENT for a thorough examination to look for a possible cause.  Healing time is an individual process, and of course, I have no idea of the type or severity of the toe fracture. Assuming it is a "little one"...non-displaced, then it usually takes 3-4 weeks before sufficient healing takes place. This is just a guess however, since I don't know the details of this case.  There is no way to calculate an individual's HIV risk from just one encounter, but you did have some very risky sex....unprotected, open wound on penis, bleeding female partner, and someone who's sexual history is unknown. I would strongly suggest that you see your medical provider so you can be properly examined, and have STD testing, especially for HIV.  See a plastic surgeon..... This can be scar tissue or perhaps, a tiny piece of retained suture material.  The first and most important step is to have these "red bumps" properly diagnosed by a medical professional, such as a dermatologist. It would not be possible for me, or any medical provider, to be able to blindly determine exactly what these red bumps might be over the Internet. Making a dermatological diagnosis is very visual. Treatment would depend on your diagnosis, which is not known.  No...I don't think you can "heal" are hole in your tooth by supplements and oils. I am not sure what you are reading, but I would question the validity of those claims.  About 99% will heal without surgery.  I think you are talking about PROSTATITIS -- a prostate infection/inflammation that can have many causes. The treatment depends on the presumed cause and the severity of your condition, so it would not be wise to self-treat this problem. See a urologist so you can be properly examined, expertly diagnosed, and treated based on those findings.  If you had this undiagnosed problem for FOUR YEARS, then it is high-time for you to SEE a medical professional about it. A dermatologist may be your best resource. The only way that you can be properly diagnosed is to have a hands-on examination. A posting is not sufficient information to make this important call.  No cure, other than Tincture of Time. Most of these areas of pigmentation caused by skin disorders will fade over time. There are no specific treatments.  Plantar (means "bottom of the foot") warts may require more than on treatment using liquid nitrogen, but this method can still fail. There are other prescription chemical treatments that your doctor may suggest if your wart has not resolved, but there is nothing (other than salicylic acid) that is effective over-the-counter.  Most likely, a minor mucosal cut will heal spontaneously.  There is a prescription acyclovir that can be used, but your Valtrex will likely do the job. It will clear up, but outbreaks can occur in the future.  As much as I would like to address your question, it would not be possible for me to comment since I have no way of seeing this skin lesion first hand (please do not post a photo!) during an examination. Blood blisters do not last years, so I would tend to question your self-diagnosis. A skin lesion that does not "heal" really deserves more than a blind Internet response, so my suggestion to you is to see a dermatologist to get a proper examination and diagnosis FIRST. You are not going to find a magic cure over-the-counter.  Testosterone cream should have absolutely no effect on the healing of a sprained wrist.  There is no way for a medical provider to blindly answer that question without an examination. I am sorry. I would suggest that you call your medical provider -- someone who knows you and your particular case -- for advise in this matter. Anal fissures are tiny tears or cracks....they do not typically have "bubbles", so I would be concerned about a cyst or abscess forming.  Yes, you should be concerned. Scabs and sores are not supposed to be on your face. One concern would be an infection, such as , but you would need to see a medical provider in order to be properly diagnosed and treated. This diagnosis cannot be made blindly, based solely on a vague description, so please get these sores checked out professionally.  Persistent knee pain lasting over a month from a jogging injury, where there was a loud "pop" could be many things, but a full or partial tear of one of the ligaments, tendons, or menesci would be high on the list, as well as cartilege tears. It would be in your fiance's best interest to see a good orthopedist (he should have done this weeks ago). He may need some imaging studies, like an MRI, of that painful knee.  You need to see an orthopedic surgeon....  Yes, I am sure you can find an orthopedic (hand) surgeon willing to do take a crack at it (no pun intended), but you could be asking for more trouble than it is worth. In order to get a better cosmetic result, it will require a re-break and perhaps, a pinning of the metacarpal in order to straighten out the bent digit. The orthopedist will tell you the pros and cons, and hopefully, your insurance company will be agreeable to paying for it.  No. An itchy ear is likely to be a problem in the external ear CANAL, not a healing eardrum. However, the drainage from the rupture could have caused some inflammation, resulting in some itching. Keep things out of your ears, especially Q-tips.If you are a Q-tip user, removing the protective earwax can make you ears more prone to infections, and yes....itching. Until your eardrum is totally healed, it is not a good idea to get water in it either.  Tonsils that have an abscess can certainly "burst". Severely enlarged tonsils from mono may seem deflated, once they retreat back to their pre-mono size. I have no way of seeing your tonsils, as you know, so I cannot blindly determine if what you are seeing is normal or not. You would need to see your medical provider for an examination.  It is possible, albeit, uncommon. After getting tubes at any age, MOST (not all) of the surgical holes will heal. Some will need to be surgically patched. This is called a tympanoplasty. You should see an ENT.  Yes....hydrocortisone ointment 1% over-the-counter will help, but you should also use a stool softener for a while so the fissures will not reopen when you have a bowel movement.  You cannot just request a tonsillectomy and have it done. It is really your insurance company that calls the shots anymore, but your ENT specialist would be the one who would need to justify the surgery. Unfortunately, tonsils stones, alone, may not meet the criteria for a tonsillectomy, so the ENT may need to be your advocate to see if it can be approved. There is nothing over the counter or non-surgical that would "cure" this disorder. Gargling after each meal would limit the accumulation of debris that is getting trapped in your tonsils.  See a podiatrist. Yes, a new x-ray is in order, or perhaps even a more detail imaging (like an MRI). Before worrying about surgery or other treatments, you must first have a diagnosis .  These may be tiny fissures or tears, but this is just a blind guess since I cannot see it. Fissures should heal in a week or so if you keep the area very clean and dry (be careful when you towel dry, it would be better to "pat dry" this area). Use a topical antibiotic ointment and check the area periodically with a mirror to make sure it is not getting infected. Make sure that your underwear is not irritating this sensitive area. Wear more breathable cotton ones for now. Should this area fail to heal or if you think it is getting worse, you will need to see a medical provider.  I am not a medical professional, but I relate an experience I had many years ago as a young man. My thumb (just below the nail), was smashed in a doorjamb, and I did not lose the nail. Blood did accumulate, however, just above the cuticle and beneath the nail. I (quite unwisely) never sought medical treatment, and it healed on its own (luckily). It did cause pain, though, for quite some time afterward, and to this day (nearly 30 years later), the thumbnail is slightly malformed. There were no other apparent long-term effects, though. I don't, however, know that this is the same experience you're having. Given that you were bitten by a dog (and even under most other conditions), I would definitely advise that you seek a doctor's care to avoid or treat any possible infection that may arise or have arisen. Again, I'm no medical professional. There be other concerns of which I am unaware. Hopefully, you know this dog's owner and are aware of whether the dog may have any conditions that may be of concern (e.g., rabies, etc...). Anyway, after all of that, I would like to reiterate that I would urge you to see a doctor. He/she may also feel that draining the blood buildup would be a wise course of action in addition to prevention or treatment of infection, disease, etc... Sometimes seemingly small things develop into big problems.  You suffered a broken toe that quite possibly did not heal as it should have or either it is not fully healed. When it first happened, did you see a doctor or have an x-ray done? I broke my big toe 6 weeks ago and I still can't bend it either. You have all the signs of a broken toe, maybe it needs more time to heal. I'm not a doctor but from experiencing the same thing, I think you need to have a doctor look at the toe so an x-ray can be done.  My teenage son had a similar issue. We first ruled out any bites, bumps or allergic reactions. Thanks to his hair cutter, it was from wearing hats too often, especially a plastic lined one that didn't allow his scalp to breath. She suggested using Tea Tree Oil shampoo and Tea Tree & Lavender Conditioner. It worked great. Hope it does for you too.  Weirdly enough, one of the best rash medicines, is for athletes foot. A nurse recommended it for diaper rash for my baby because its cheaper than baby rash meds and works better. Another help if the symptoms are bothersome, is natural yogurt....it replaces nutrients, naturally. Both work great.  If it were me, I would try rinsing my mouth 3-4 times a day with an alkalizing mouthwash such as Glyco-Thymoline or Alka-Thyme. Of course, check with your doc if this is okay.  That's absolutely normal. It's your scar tissue causing that feel and appearance.  By following your doctors instructions. No smoking, no sucking on a straw, follow the dietary recommendations, and return to the office for the post-op treatment. Take your antibiotics. Use ice when you need to, etc.  The first thing to do is stop the biting or sucking that may be causing the blisters. Petroleum jelly, hydrocortisone, and oral anti-inflammatories are all possible aids in helping you heal.  Unresolved itching is a truly frustrating symptom for all patients to deal with. Because this has been going on for some time, you might want to get a medical evaluation to make sure you don't have a disease process that is causing the itching. The fact that you have identified stress as a possible trigger tells me that while it may not be the source of your difficulty, it certainly could be making it worse. I would recommend that you look into stress reduction methods that are available in your area. Some schools and universities offer programs in stress reduction, meditation, yoga, etc. Stress is hard on your entire body and could be negatively impacting other health systems as well as making your itching worse. See what you can do about getting a diagnosis, and try to learn to manage your stress levels.  Your first approach is to exclude any underlying medical issues, such as hormonal or gastrointestinal issues that may be affecting your overall health. Your next step is to visit your dermatologist or an allergist that is familiar with skin-patch testing. During skin-patch testing, your doctor assesses the skin as it is exposed to various potential allergens and monitors your skin's response.  You may have a lot of pain in your abdomen as well as problems with your bowel movements like going too much or not enough. Also pain when going. Fevers and vomitting sometimes occur. The location of where you had the surgery or around that area it could cause a fistula that's when your body produces a pocket from inside but makes a hole outside to release poison. The key is look for pain and swelling in the area of surgery. Good luck.  I have had a perforated eardrum in the past and the hearing in the effected ear was 'loud' and the ringing (or tinnitus) was exceptionally strong for approximately three months. After the eardrum healed completely the ringing calmed down quite a bit.  Don't know  probably not  This could be osteomylitis and usually takes a long corse of treatment with packing and making sure their is proper drainage/and possible removal of the membrane lining the hole allowing the proper anti-biotics to take effect.  If you haven't had any erectile dysfunction in the past and don't have any underlying blood conditions or health problems, I'd say this is likely due to wear and tear from vigorous sexual activity and should heal in a few days. Abstain from sexual intercourse (including masturbation) and if it's really painful, treat it like an injury--possibly ice it if you note any swelling. Should your symptoms persist or alter, contact your physician. If the situation becomes painful, seek emergency care.  The best way is to do natural; However, if natural does not fit a time frame to help you, you can always see a dermatologist for a laser scar treatment. For a natural way, check out this site: http://www.ehow.com/how_5047136_naturally-faderemove-facial-scars.html  Update: The cut is healing over with a scab but there is still redness and puffiness around the cut.  The next morning i noticed that my foreskin was very swollen over my penis head (uncircumcised) and that it was quite itchy. I started researching what it could be. I think i cause might be that because i couldnt clean my penis properly cuz of my cut and because of masturbating last night i developed and infection. I went to walgreens and bought Lotrimin Ultra and rubbed it around the swollen areas. Also there when i would pull the swollen foreskin back there was always a clear ish liquid on it... maybe water idk. Please help me, im very worried and i need to know if what i am doing is right and what i should be doing  the human mouth is a very nasty place no matter how many times we brush. millions of germs can be transmitted through a human bite. put peroxide on it daily & some antibiotic cream cover with a bandage. watch for any pus or any signs of infection. also you should be up to date on your tetnus shot. since that can open another can of worms. if infection occurs or you do need the tetnus shot see your doc.  Well it is good there is no fracture. Very little swelling or bruising. However if the muscles are torn. Or some ligament damage it may take longer than 7-8 weeks. Wear an ace bandage on it while you are playing for a couple more weeks.  I am not an MD. However my step-dad's father had an incident in which he scratched his eye with a piece of welding slag. It leaked for several weeks and eventually dried out causing him to have it removed. If the problem is highly persistent, or your eye leaks any fluid I would suggest having it looked at sooner rather than later.  If the area is not cleaned and dried properly and daily, the folds of the skin may overlap the scar and become infected with gaps in the would d remaining open to bacteria and body secretions.  I experienced something similar with my baby girl and the only thing that worked was this over the counter stuff called Domeboro. It came in little packets that you just mix with water and soak their tush in. It was the ONLY thing that would work and it helped immediately! I think you may be able to find it at Walgreens.  sometimes they are painful to walk on  the only way to know is to have your doctor look in your ear with an otoscope to see the drum. also they may order a tympanogram which is a very simple and quick test done by an audiologist that checks the movement of the drum.  strongly recommend second opinion !! if diarrhea has yellow tint probable c-diff u need act asap  One or both ends of the barbell should have threads on it that you can twist the bead off. After removing the jewlery you should continue to clean it as you currently are.  yes  see your primary doctor for an appointment.  Taking the amino acid lysine during a breakout has been statistically proven to reduce outbreak period. Taking 3g a day will help in this effort and is cost efficient. Also see a doctor for additional medical advice.  White filled acne will eventually heal itself unpopped but whatever you do, DON'T pop acne that is not ripe or white as scarring will result. I used to have a similar problem with acne in middle and high school years and have been prescribed creams to medication but none truly worked. I then researched online and noticed a lot of acne comes from the food that you eat and deficiencies in zinc and vitamin a and c. I went to a local cvs and purchased zinc tablets which helps in reducing oil levels from a range of 35-100mg a day. Be careful as overdose can occur with excessive amounts. I also began eating carrots and foods with vitamin c which can be googled. If scarring happens you should invest in apple cider vinegar and apply to a cotton ball and place on scar for a couple of minutes before the shower which helps removing old skin layers and making new ones. That has helped my scars tremendously after 1-2 months! Then in the shower I recommend a body wash that has vitamin e in it for a good clean moisturizer which will help your skin as well. It all starts with the diet and cutting all the greasy oily food. Fight your acne from the inside then out and you will see the results. Hope this helps  There is not much in the means of expediting a bruise but you can take ibuprofen to reduce the swelling. Also eat foods that are higher in l-lysine (amino acid) because it helps your body absorb calcium and obviously drink milk. I did those three things and it helped me get back on the basketball court in 2 weeks from a hairline fracture on my elbow.  im currently in the same boat as you,ugh and i find that instant plain oatmeal with bananas ,and yogurt with canned peaches and bananas work well,i am a die hard coffee drinker but i try hard to stay away from it,i bought boxes of pudding and jello,and some lite cool whip to go with it,im not a fan of sugar so i stay with the "lite stuff".and im not starving.good luck  For the edema, I had to get my lungs drained with a needle and have a Thoracentesis done which drains excess fluids between lungs and lining of lungs. This helped tremendously. Also try Lasix in IV form.  organic coconut oil or a cocobutter stick and a bandaide, clean with peroxide first :)  bruised knee takes longer to heal than other bruised area. if the pain isn;t severe then rest. otherwise talk to your doctor to see if you injured the joint/bone  I had a major ankle injury and its took a long time to heal. at the time of incident, x ray show no damage to bone, but there was constant pain. went to physio, they didn't do much and my chiropractor kept pushing my bone in, on the foot/ below the ankle. that help, but the tendon/muscle irritates me to prevent me to do physical activity.  yes if you do not want it to get worse  you can live a healthier life  A salt water (1 glass warm water, dissolve 1 table spoon salt) gargle at least twice a day.  It will fall out in a day or two and the pain will go down. If it is really bothering you, you can suck on ice or an ice pop and that should help numb it a bit. The only thing you can do is wait. And DO NOT PULL IT OUT. Seriously. I've done that, it doesn't help, save yourself the extra day of misery and just let it fall out on its own. Source: I get those all the time.  does egg white help if used on a burn or is it harmful?  There is a program called OraWellness which claims to kill bad bacteria in the mouth to prevent cavities and tooth loss. You can learn more at orawellness.com    you should definitely see a doctor, i am not sure about surgery but the best thing is to get a doctor looking at it.  I think you should definitely see a doctor, and I recommend you go to an Urgent Care or an Immediate Care facility (the one that has an X-ray machine on site. Before you go, I advise you to feel the effected area of your foot, find the spot where it hurts the most then, point your toes up ( this may hurt but, you want to find out what's wrong) so you can really feel where the bones are and see if your most painful spot is on one of those bones. If it is, you could very likely have a hairline fracture (a crack in the bone). I'm not a doctor but, I have associated with people who had a hairline fracture and had to be put on crutches, because if left untreated, it's likely to become a full fracture. I hope you get it checked out as soon as possible, and get well soon.  HERBS people, HERBS, try mryhh or goldenseal tea wash with this, and then sprinkle some of the herb on it and cover with bandaid or clean cloth. Repeat if needed. Read up on herbal remidies , library and or web or bookstore  From personal experience (this may or may not be the same thing you're dealing with)...I went to the dr for the same thing. Apparently, people have the Staph bacteria all over their body all the time, and usually you're fine but sometimes the bacteria will get balsy or get into tiny openings in the skin and cause what feels like little cuts. I was getting them inside my nose for not apparent reason and nothing gets rid of it, and then it happened in the same place you're talking about. I was prescribed Mupirocin and it went away in about 3 days.  It maybe HSV (1 or 2) as that is how long outbreaks usually last. The ecsessive irritation of the spot can cause an outbreak. Does the sore look like a coldsore? To get a definate answer, you'd have to go to the doctor. They would swab it and sent it to a lab to be tested. If it comes back as HSV, there are medications that surpress and shorten outbreaks.  How big are they? It could possibly be Cellulitis that resulted from infected ingrown hairs.  For the doctor, I would see a gastroenterologist  It depends on what kind of spider bit you. I have had this happen with both black widow and brown recluse bites. I would check with my regular doctor if I were you.  I sounds like he damaged the ligaments under the knee. Which only hurts when you pressure on the knee like kneeling of touching. He should get it checked out soon. The longer he waits the worse it will become because of inflammation under the knee. This will cause the knee to eventually lock in a slight bent position and then it will be difficult to move and that is something that you do not want.  I'm diabetic, 70 and, luckily, haven't had an issue like this. My cuts and bruises take a good while to heal but they do. My mother had problems with minor sores that refused to heal....very similar to your's. If possible, check with a diabetic wound specialist. Often your m.d. doesn't know how to address these things. Her real problem was on her foot, your's is the knee....both areas are constant point of abrasion/inflammation. this seems to be a real problem for us.... scraps on my hands are always annoying.  It depends on the disease, procedure, treatment or level of complication of radiation and the oral condition. It cannot be told randomly, it would require a proper checkups but approx I would say it takes within 3 weeks for the gum to heal.  This answer is true. Most fractures, especially of bigger bones will take 6 to 8 weeks.....Smaller bones like those of the fingers and/or wrist will only take 4-5 weeks. Just gotta baby them. The body is made to heal itself. Just let it  will a torn rotator cuff heal on its own?  I'm talking about the one under my top lip.....  yes you need to have it surgically removed. if it is done properly and packed from the inside to heal you have much less a chance for it to come back. i had a pylonital cyst that was the size of a baseball that was draining i had it lanced and drained and wicks put in but it did not go away until i had it surgically removed. being diabetic the infection feeds off your diabeties, causing high sugars which will cause the infection to get worse too! and yes because of your diabeties you can loose your arm or worse if you do not get it taken care of properly  I fractured mine in a fall off of a ladder. No surgery so far, I am using a knee immobilizer/support. I was told three months to heal. Hurt like a bitch, also tore thigh muscles, and ligaments (not detached). I am self employed, a contractor, which means I must still work and stand on the leg. Customers do not care whether I am injured or not. I gave up on the Vicodin, which makes me stupid, and am using the "old standby" Jack Daniels as a pain killer. It least it tastes good. I wish you the best.  I would give it a little while. Since you are walking, it isn't broken, but your feet have more tendons in them than muscle mass, you likely bruised some tendons. Internal bruising can take several months to heal. Keep off your feet as much as possible, elevation is good too.  Hi! I had the Ablation done in april of 2007. When they have you on the operating table after the ablation proceedure is complete they try to put your heart in the same circumstances that was causeing the AFib. mainly to see if they were sucessful in the proceedure. I was told that since I am so young having this problem that there was a good chance that it may start up again. I would play it safe unless your heart surgen says different. It is always best to give ear to the one who did the surgery. as he would know best for you. It's been 5 years and I am back on a heart monitor for the AFib. Starting to have problems all over again. But that is my case wich you have to concider that we are all different. So Check with your surgeon and see what he thinks would be a reasonable time span for healing.  Oddly, I cracked four ribs and didn't know HOW I did it, or even that I did it at all til next day. Then it really hurt. Mine was from doing something where pressure was put on it daily and then they just cracked. Crazy  Rash will take another week to fully dissipate. Hang in there!  After 2 months it is definitely better. Very little back pain but some pain in the leg. Will give it more time but no surgery at the present time!  You can try icy hot, heat wraps and alternating hot and cold packs. Resting the muscle is the best way to heal it. If it doesn't get any better in a week or so call your MD to check for more serious injury.  just go and get any an X-ray then u can only be clear what it is  I say a sore is a sore. How do you KNOW nothing is leaking? With any type of friction, say, during sex, it could tear open again.... I say better safe than sorry. Just my opinion.  http://www.livestrong.com/article/542964-list-of-foods-to-eat-when-you-have-h-pylori/ check it out.  A urologist would be the one to see. It's not normal, and if it's causing you pain, you need to make it clear to the urologist that you don't want to live with it. By the way, are you sure you're giving it time enough to fully heal before engaging in masturbation or sexual activity, which tears it open again? I remember when I was a teenager I ripped the frenulum from too vigorous masturbation, and it stayed torn and painful for weeks because I couldn't stop touching myself. It finally did heal, but it forced me to change how I masturbated (light touch, rather than "jerking" off), so as to not irritate it further.  I snapped mine when I was 14 and it still isn't the same that was 10 years ago. They should have done surgery in your case if you arent healing at all.  Be safe and don't drink alcohol, esp since you are still healing.  