I have had gerd and it has never caused increased heart rate. I think you should have your heart checked asap. It could be heart trouble, so consider calling a ambulance to the nearest emergency room. It is better to be safe than worry about looking foolish. Too many people die because of that reason.  Have been having problems with my chest pain since July 2013 went to heart dr he did heart cath said all was ok suggested I see gastro dr did all was ok ther I have continue to have these pains went back to emerg rm was admitted lost 26 lbs 3 weeks I have been week able to hardly walk can't catch my breath my appt is still off they took me off blood pressure meds said mine was to low also said my theroid levels were too high and lowered my doseg now I have started having this fluttering in my chest and my left arm starts hurting even if I try to move it can up please give me some answeres  Yes...better now than later and you don't want to be sorry. One of the greatest myths regarding chest pains, feelings, etc., is that it should not be ignore. Our bodies send out signals and we need to become more alert to them.  Hi there, I have pains like that all the time. I went to the emergency room, they ran all these test and told me that I have a strong heart , and that they were muscle spasms -__- and told my to take Tylenol. It didn't make any sense to me, I don't believe to be muscle spasms, so I just went with it. I still have them but I just pay them no mind. So I recommend just going to get it checked out and see what they tell you.  One possibility: In my 20s I had chest pains. My doctor asked me about my caffeine intake. I drank at least one Pepsi a day at the time plus some tea. I cut out the Pepsi and the symptoms went away.  There are differing opinions within the medical community concerning atrial inflammation (blood vessel plague build-up) and the ability to reverse the process. But there may be compelling reasons suggesting that reversal may be possible. Here are the steps that may stop the inflammation process and may even turn time backwards through life-style changes: Discuss your arterial condition with your doctor and/or cardiologist. Solicit their views on the topic; Get to know your cholesterol results and modify your diet to improve the numbers and to increase your chances of reversing Atrial Inflammation; A vegetarian - like diet may work to reduce your bad cholesterol and increase your good cholesterol; Reduce to 10% or less caloric intake from fats; Keep your daily cholesterol intake to no more than 5 mg. daily; Reduce your daily choleric intake by 20% - 25% daily, while maintaining a balanced and nutritious diet; After receiving your doctor's approval, set-up a moderate exercise regime; Find ways of eliminating excess stress in your life; Drink 64 oz. of water daily; Monitor your sodium intake; Work fewer hours and spend the additional time on those things that may bring you pleasure such as family and hobbies. Here is an interesting fact (one of those compelling reasons that I alluded to early in my narrative) showing the possible relationship between diet and atherosclerosis. During WW11, concentration camp victims were literally staved to death in many situations. When autopsied, these individuals did not show overt atherosclerosis disease (artery hardening). But as the war closed and diets were improved,atherosclerosis returned. From my list above, it is not an easy plan, but one that may be possible in reversing the atrial inflammation and increasing your longevity.  It may not be the eating that is causing your heart pain, but the anorexia. One of the symptoms seen in anorexia is irregular heart rhythms. It is because you are not eating correctly and not receiving adequate nutrition that your heart hurts. The human mind is powerful weapon. It sometimes deceives people into thinking thoughts that are not true and are dangerous to your physical and emotional well-being. The thought process seen with anorexic individuals is that they think that they are fat. Those fraudulent thoughts seem very real and require medical and emotional supports to overcome. In psychology there is a theory called "The Looking Glass Theory" and addresses why some people may develop a poor self-image. The theory doesn't restrict itself to just weight issues, but may also be applied to good/bad looks, intelligent/unintelligent, etc. The theory goes something like this: An individual is beautiful, but the individual thinks that other people see them as being unattractive, therefore; the individual sees themselves as being ugly. Now switch my example for what you may be thinking about food and its causing you to feel fat. Constantly reprogram your mind to think: I am not fat, people don't see me as being fat, therefore; I'm not fat. I hope that my answer has been helpful and doesn't come-off as too simplistic. I realize that overcoming this disease is a big challenge because the delusional thinking seems so real. Keep on with your recovery path. With proper supports, you can regain your physical and emotional health. I wish you well.   Syncope with collapsing is both a disturbing medical condition and one that may literally occur for a 100 different reasons. As you may know, syncope may be due to multiple cardiac conditions, neurological conditions, tumors, hematology disorders such as anemia, low blood pressure, emotional disturbances, and may result from a host of other organ and system origins. The best diagnosing tool available may be a competent and caring doctor who will conduct a thorough physical exam and interrogation interview with the patient. Asking questions such as frequency of the syncope, asking for you to explain in your own words what you are experiencing while you are losing consciousness, any pre-warning signals from the body that you are about to collapse, when did the syncope first happen, do you have other family members who also experience syncope, and many other seemingly innocent questions that may give your detective doctor a clue to the cause of your condition. Diagnostic testing that is most useful includes blood serum studies, and brain scans such as PET Scans, CAT Scans, and MRI Scans. EEG testing is not always reliable in detecting syncope and may be less helpful. Now I am going to send you in another direction. I do not possess any clinical expertise in the field of collapsing, but must throw an idea into the diagnosing ring. Has the thought of a seizure disorder been considered and ruled out as a cause for your symptoms? In actually a seizure disorder technically doesn't fit into the definition of syncope. But my eyes actually bulged-out a bit when I read your statement of becoming incontinent of urine during some of your collapsing events. I have witnessed at least 100 seizures episodes of varying degrees of severity. Some patients experience full blown seizures with a loss of consciousness and uncontrollable body jerking (Grand Mal Seizure). Other individuals may only notice a momentary loss of consciousness and have no noticeable jerking activity (Petit Mal Seizure). People observing an individual while having a petite mal seizure may even think that the victim is blanking-out a bit and just not paying attention. Both of these seizure types sometimes have urinary incontinency as a routine symptom occurring either before or during the seizure. The brain scans are the most useful tools in diagnosing seizure disorders. It may take some extra time to conclusively rule-in and rule-out different reasons for your symptoms, but with the million dollar battery of testing being conducted, a correct diagnosis and treatment plan should be in the near future.  I would show a respectful and calm concern over my ER visit and its resultant findings. Three (3) medical conditions were uncovered as follows: ER's can be wonderful in stabilizing patients and coming up with a preliminary diagnosis. But unless life threatening situations cannot be resolved, most patients are sent back home to follow-up with their medical professional. My suggestion is to see your primary care doctor and report the ER findings. Your doctor may want to run more testing, prescribe medications, or refer you to see a cardiologist. Periodically we'll hear on the news of a basketball player who collapses dead while running down the court. Just like you, they were supposed to be in excellent physical condition. Don't let that happen to you; make an appointment to see your doctor sooner rather than later.,  Most medical professionals would probably agree that a responsible exercise program is a key ingredient in the heart attack recovery plan. I'm just not sure that shoveling snow fits the definition of responsible exercise. What does your cardiologist say? He or she might have their own heart attack after hearing about you shoveling snow. Of course a lot has to do with the duration and intensity of your shoveling activity. I recommend that you consume a diet rich in heart healthy properties, engage in moderate exercise according to your physician's guidelines, avoid stress, and discuss the specific tasks that you must avoid with your cardiac specialist.  My wife has been diagnosed with Congestive Heart Failure (COPD), Cardiomyopathy, and Cardio Arrhythmia more than 15 years ago. She also has lung disease in the form of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), and Asthma. She has had a painful recovery from a full knee replacement surgery 8 months ago and periodically takes Tylenol to reduce inflammation, and control pain. Her cardiologist supports Tylenol as her OTC drug of choice. It is always a smart decision to discuss all over-the-counter medications with your physician before starting an OTC medication regimen. Many of these OTC treatments contain ingredients that may interact with other medications and/or be contraindicated for cardiac patients.  Yes, I would recommend being evaluated through the hospital emergency room. Preferably you'll go to the Hospital E.R. that is associated with your recent 4 day admission. Along with the current clinical exam, possible C.T. Scan, and other testing, the E.R. doctor will have a clear historical and updated picture of your acute pancreatitis and gallbladder disease course, treatment, and prognosis. As with most medical conditions, early diagnosis of a problem can make the difference between a positive or negative outcome. Some of the symptoms listed in your question do suggest pancreatic and/or gallbladder maladies. Acute pancreatitis may present with some of the following symptoms: (Bolded symptoms below are also shown in your question) Coincidentally, Gallbladder Sludge (Bile not expelled by the gallbladder during normal metabolic functioning), has some of the same symptoms as acute pancreatitis. I know all too well of the potentia l for negative consequences if your symptoms are ignored. My 58 year old brother died a painful death from acute pancreatitis. Please consider calling 911 and have the medical professionals evaluate your physical symptoms.  The only chance that I see to save your husband's life is through the involuntary commitment process into a psychiatric facility. The laws concerning involuntary commitment vary from state to state. Essentially your husband will need to be professionally evaluated to ensure that due to his illness, he is refusing treatment, is unable to understand his need for treatment; and if not treated immediately on an impatient basis is likely to deteriorate emotionally or physically causing self harm. I would begin the process by phoning your local government and asking for help. Most communities have mental health departments that should support the patient and their families during the time of a mental health crisis. I wish you well as you deal with a very difficult situation.  It means that you should not worry, but instead; have a discussion with your family doctor. Scoliosis is a curvature of the spine (usually of the sideways variety). Its occurrence most frequently is noted through casual observation during a young person's growth spurt. It is then that treatment may be suggested based upon the prominence and the degree of curvature.Those treatments may include exercises, brace supports, and surgery (which is reserved for the most severe cases). One of the imaging tests that is used to verify its diagnosis, and to follow the progress of scoliosis, is the x-ray. Routine chest x-rays may detect other conditions for which the test was not intended. The reader of the x-ray will reports all findings observed. For example, I had a spinal x-ray in response to back pain which revealed through imaging of the bones that I had severe anemia. Summary If this x-ray was for a young person that is still a teenager, treatment options may be discussed as mentioned above. If the x-ray is for an adult, the degree of spinal column curvature is most likely minimal and treatment is not necessary. I hope that this answer has been helpful.  I am a patient who takes Lipitor every day and have closely read the packaging material for red light warning flags. Lipitor is prescribed to control hyperlipidemia (high cholesterol). Some reported side effects with this drug are: muscle and joint pain, abdominal disturbances, and diarrhea. Heart palpitations are not listed as a side effect. Of course every person is unique, and it is possible that the drug may affect you adversely for a host of reasons including an allergic reaction. Palpitations may present as a racing of the heart, heart fluttering, and light headiness. What makes you think that it is Lipitor causing your palpitations? Palpitations can be literally caused by 100's of other reasons. I recommend that you make an appointment with your doctor to discuss your palpitations. Most medications should not be stopped without the doctor's approval. With that said, a temporary stoppage of this drug should not result in any medical calamity. If you cannot see the doctor in a reasonable period of time, talk with your pharmacist for their suggestions. In the meantime, consider keeping a journal listing dates, times, and the exact feelings that you are characterizing as palpitations. Also note recent meals ingested, recent physical activity, and your emotional state of being. Even in the presence of your doctor, diagnosing the exact reason causing your palpitations may not be readily apparent. Lab testing, an EKG, and other diagnostic studies may be required to pinpoint the cause. Palpitations should not be ignored as they are part of the body's warming system telling you that something is not quite right.   I am very sorry for the loss of your brother. It is understandable and commendable that you are looking for the reasons behind his untimely death. Sudden unexpected death in CHF patients does happen . About half of all deaths from heart disease are sudden and unexpected, regardless of the underlying disease. Heart enlargement due to atherosclerosis of coronary arteries can predispose someone to an acute bout of CHF. The heart stops pumping efficiently with fluid build-up and difficulty in breathing occurring. We usually think of congestive heart failure as a progressive disease affecting older people. But sometimes this condition can occur in younger individuals such as your brother and go undiagnosed. Death in patients with CHF is usually the result of heart failure, ischemic (stroke-like) episodes, and arrhythmias (irregular beating of the heart). Perhaps you can meet with the doctor in charge of your brothers autopsy so that they can more adequately answer your questions based upon actual case facts. You deserve to hear exactly what precipitated your brothers death and not just have to live with a death certificate showing CHF as the cause of death. I hope that this answer has been helpful and wish you peace during your period of grieving.   Neuropathy caused me to be in almost constant pain and to experience frequent falls to balance irregularities. I was prescribed the prescription medication, Gabapentin 600mg. 3xs per day with positive results. Additionally, the Gabapentin has been supplemented with the prescription medication, Mirapex 0.50 mg. 3 xs per day with even more improvement. With these medications, I changed from a hunched-over severely disabled person with chronic pain to an erect human being with bearable pain. I suggest that you not give up and locate a medical specialist willing to invest time in diagnosing your type of neuropathy and to their possibly titrating various pharmacological agents until your symptoms improve. You absolutely deserve a better response than the one provided by your doctor.  Congratulations on arriving at 83 years of age & contemplating a combined hip and knee replacement. Based upon the infrequency of the joint knee and hip operations being combined, I would think that the number of responses to your question will be limited. Although, my age and medical history are somewhat dissimilar, I can share from my experiences of having a full knee replacement 10 months ago and a revision of that knee surgery earlier this week. Let me tell you about my medical profile. I am younger than you, but have had congestive heart failure, cardiomyopathy, cardio-arrhythmia, asthma, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease for at least 15 years. During both of my knee surgeries and a gallbladder removal operation during 2013,I had no in-surgery room complications or anesthesia problems. In order to be approved for my knee surgeries by the surgeon and hospital anesthesia department, I had not pass medical clearance testing consisting of an echo cardiogram, cardiac stress test, and an ultra sound of blood vessels in my neck. Additionally, I was required to have formal hard copy surgical clearances in written form from my family doctor and cardiologist. Depending on the parties involved, a pulmonologist may also be required to provide surgical clearance. I had to have in-range serum blood studies completed within 30 days of surgery. I was also required to have pre-surgery testing at the hospital during the week preceding the knee surgery. During my first knee surgery, I was also required to donate 1 unit of blood, 2x's, within 2 weeks of my surgery. I also was required by my surgeon to attend a 2 hour orientation to learn about the knee replacement procedure, the possible need for skilled nursing rehabilitation, required physical therapy, and the long term prognosis for success. My first knee surgery failed; my patella joint slipped from side-to- side and caused me great pain. With my knee revision surgery, the surgeon pretty much used some bone chips, bone dust, and glue to rebuild me a new knee. I owe him a lot and feel like I've been reborn. Everything that I have read shows that advanced aged individuals fair just as well as younger patients in both their survival rates, rehabilitation process, and overall satisfaction. Having both the hip and knee replaced at the same time means that you'll probably spend twice as long in surgery, need more inpatient hospital time, and more rehabilitation time. But because my 2nd knee surgery was a revision, I was also subjected to those same additional times. I did notice during my pre-surgery classes that a number of patients were scheduled to have both knees replaced at the same time. It did not seem like an out of the ordinary occurrence and will also require more time to complete. I have had neighbors and friends in their 80's who had knee surgery and were highly satisfied. My personal feeling is that you should become emotionally prepared and be aware that there are no guarantees of success. But trust me, if you are able to pass all of the required pre-surgical testing, you'll come out of surgery in good condition. The hospitals and doctors will not take a chance on performing these surgeries on a risky candidate. Your biggest concern post surgery should be what cruise and fun activities should I explore first. My anecdotal accountings from other people who had both surgeries ( not at the same time ) have been favorable. Physical limitations, depression, and fatigue without the surgeries are common. With the surgery, you stand a very good chance of eliminating those conditions and replacing them with feelings of joy. Best wishes on your decision and may you enjoy many days of rich happiness.  Congratulations on arriving at 83 years of age & contemplating a combined hip and knee replacement. Based upon the infrequency of the joint knee and hip operations being combined, I would think that the number of responses to your question will be limited. Although, my age and medical history are somewhat dissimilar, I can share from my experiences of having a full knee replacement 10 months ago and a revision of that knee surgery earlier this week. Let me tell you about my medical profile. I am younger than you, but have had congestive heart failure, cardiomyopathy, cardio-arrhythmia, asthma, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease for at least 15 years. During both of my knee surgeries and a gallbladder removal operation during 2013,I had no in-surgery room complications or anesthesia problems. In order to be approved for my knee surgeries by the surgeon and hospital anesthesia department, I had not pass medical clearance testing consisting of an echo cardiogram, cardiac stress test, and an ultra sound of blood vessels in my neck. Additionally, I was required to have formal hard copy surgical clearances in written form from my family doctor and cardiologist. Depending on the parties involved, a pulmonologist may also be required to provide surgical clearance. I had to have in-range serum blood studies completed within 30 days of surgery. I was also required to have pre-surgery testing at the hospital during the week preceding the knee surgery. During my first knee surgery, I was also required to donate 1 unit of blood, 2x's, within 2 weeks of my surgery. I also was required by my surgeon to attend a 2 hour orientation to learn about the knee replacement procedure, the possible need for skilled nursing rehabilitation, required physical therapy, and the long term prognosis for success. My first knee surgery failed; my patella joint slipped from side-to- side and caused me great pain. With my knee revision surgery, the surgeon pretty much used some bone chips, bone dust, and glue to rebuild me a new knee. I owe him a lot and feel like I've been reborn. Everything that I have read shows that advanced aged individuals fair just as well as younger patients in both their survival rates, rehabilitation process, and overall satisfaction. Having both the hip and knee replaced at the same time means that you'll probably spend twice as long in surgery, need more inpatient hospital time, and more rehabilitation time. But because my 2nd knee surgery was a revision, I was also subjected to those same additional times. I did notice during my pre-surgery classes that a number of patients were scheduled to have both knees replaced at the same time. It did not seem like an out of the ordinary occurrence and will also require more time to complete. I have had neighbors and friends in their 80's who had knee surgery and were highly satisfied. My personal feeling is that you should become emotionally prepared and be aware that there are no guarantees of success. But trust me, if you are able to pass all of the required pre-surgical testing, you'll come out of surgery in good condition. The hospitals and doctors will not take a chance on performing these surgeries on a risky candidate. Your biggest concern post surgery should be what cruise and fun activities should I explore first. My anecdotal accountings from other people who had both surgeries ( not at the same time ) have been favorable. Physical limitations, depression, and fatigue without the surgeries are common. With the surgery, you stand a very good chance of eliminating those conditions and replacing them with feelings of joy. Best wishes on your decision and may you enjoy many days of rich happiness.   Testosterone replacement therapy is typically prescribed to men whose bodies are not producing sufficient levels of the hormone. Treatment is closely monitored and its efficacy measured . Typically treatment continues with additional intramuscular injections being given at 2 week intervals. Medical protocol dictates that dosage titration by the prescribing doctor occurs based upon the serum testosterone level results reported by the lab. Future injections will typically continue at the same dosage; the dosage may be increased for continuing low testosterone levels or decreased if the levels are out of range on the high end. Why has your treatment ended? As with just about every medication on the market, there are benefits and risks associated with its administration. Yes, there are reports of testosterone causing heart abnormities, stroke conditions, cancer, and other disturbances. But the beneficial tradeoffs may include creation of additional muscle mass, more interest in sex, improved physical stamina, and a better mental disposition. Some studies have even concluded that men who are given testosterone actually live longer than those men who are not treated. The bottom line is that you and your doctor should make a decision on starting and continuing testosterone therapy based upon your unique needs. Strong consideration must be given as to whether the possible risks and side effects of testosterone replacement treatment are outweighed by the possible therapeutic benefits. The following inserted web link is an article located on WebMD to help you in making a testosterone replacement therapy decision: http://www.webmd.com/men/features/low-testosterone-therapy-risks-benefits I personally lean towards your continuation of testosterone treatment. In this case, I strongly believe that the physiological and psychological rewards trump over the possible side effects.  The first thing to understand is that "It's not just in your head." You're not hallucinating, you are not delusion, and you are not experiencing illusions. You feel what you feel. Secondly, a person can have physical conditions and be experiencing an emotional decline at the same time.Yes,there is a close relationship between the mind and the body. But the bottom line is not to just dismiss your physical symptoms as being attributable to psychological reasons. Nobody by just reading your question could properly diagnosis your case. With that said, I will attempt to provide you with some non-professional advise based upon my experience in the medical, counseling, and mental health fields as follows: If you feel like you may want hurt yourself , please go to the hospital now for immediate help ; Make an appointment to see your family doctor, or go to some form of walk-in clinic to be medically assessed. During this visit your heart, breathing, nervous stomach, and fatigue can be assessed. Blood work can be done to rule out such conditions as thyroid disease and medication interactions/side-effects, vital signs will be taken, and possibly a chest x-ray and a cardiogram may be completed. If necessary, referrals to other professional can be started. Once you've confirmed that your physical state is satisfactory, it is time to have your emotional health evaluated. There are mental health agencies (check on-line for local government mental health agencies) that will conduct a screening of your uncomfortable feelings. I see that you've taken medication off-and-on for a psychiatric condition. Perhaps your medication regime needs to be updated and some talk therapy started. You should not have to remain feeling uncomfortable with your reported physical and emotional symptoms. Even though I'm not a physician, I can promise you one thing... Your symptoms will not just disappear on their own. Like most conditions, the faster that a diagnosis is made and treatment started, the shorter the period of feeling bad and the better the chance for recovery. I hope that my answer has been helpful and that you seek help quickly. Best wishes for your success.  I have right bundle branch block and my physician not was not concerned. He explained to me that if it had been a left bundle branch block that he may have done investigation beyond my E.K.G. test. According to my doctor, the majority of cardiac work is completed on the left side. My understanding is that a left bundle branch block may have little to no significance or its presence could indicate underlying cardiac disease. Left bundle branch block is sometimes seen with Cardiac Enlargement, Aortic Valve Disease, and a host of other cardiac conditions. Although most organs of the body work like a finely tuned orchestra, irritable bowel syndrome and back problems more than likely are issues not related to a diagnosis of left bundle branch block. the LBBB finding and recommend that you discuss it with your doctor and determine if further workup is needed. Perhaps a referral to a competent cardiologist (heart specialist) is justified.  If it is shortly after you eat, it sounds like gas bubbles. try drinking a soda to burp... it usually helps me  I think you might want to talk to a doctor about this, especially if it's happened more than once. I don't know what other health conditions you might have (I'll assume none) or your fitness level, but at 18, feeling lightheaded with a rapid heart rate doesn't sound normal, not least of all since you said it was very sudden. It could, like a lot of scary events, be something relatively minor, but it would probably be best to get it checked out just in case.  No, it is not normal. Have you had your blood pressure checked recently? Do you have any edema (swelling) in your legs? I think you need to call your doctor as soon as possible.  During an ablation, high-frequency electrical energy is delivered through a catheter to a small area of tissue inside the heart that causes the abnormal heart rhythm. This energy "disconnects" the pathway of the abnormal rhythm. Ablation is used to treat most PSVTs, atrial flutter, atrial fibrillation, and some atrial and ventricular tachycardias. Ablation may be combined with other procedures to achieve optimal treatment.  ...Lupus as a chronic inflammatory disease is recognized as a major predisposing factor for heart disease. In women under 50 in whom heart disease is relatively infrequent it increases the risk by 50 fold. So you need to keep the weight down, not smoke and treat high cholesterol and diabetes. Some would also recommend a baby aspirin each day  Yes  I too agree with . Please follow him and see.  It sounds like you are having symptoms of GERD (or acid reflux disease) With your age and history and the length of your symptoms it is HIGHLY unlikely you are having a heart attack. If you have a history of anxiety and heartburn it could very well turn into GERD. I have acid reflux and the symptoms your describing coincide with GERD. I find taking an extra strength Zantac (150 mg) once every morning keeps me from experiencing any symptoms. If that doesn't help, or doesn't help ENOUGH you can always speak to your doctor. There are proton inhibitors they can prescribe you that will work much better. (Proton inhibitors slow the production of stomach acid) However, if you are having any other symptoms or your current ones get worse I would definitely contact your doctor right away.  I would too. You need to see a cardiologist and get it checked out. Sounds like you have V-Tach that is not resolved. You are on a cardiac medication that might be needing an adjustment or some other kind of meds. Also, you need to tell your surgeon about the heart palpitations it could cause you to have trouble while having surgery. I would definitely get a work up before the spine surgery. Good luck.  Why take a chance, get to the doctor or hospital.  As you may know, Desonide is a topical steroid. It may appear to help the infection, but it actually suppresses the body's ability to fight the infection and will make it worse. Even low-strength topical steroids can make a yeast infection (or any infection) worse. In fact, topical steroid use can make yeast infections more likely.  Well, I'd sure like to hear the backstory on this one. You're referring to the ALS Association "Ice Bucket Challenge," I presume? The one where people pour a bucket of ice water over their heads and donate money to the ALS Association? If that's what we're talking about, then I would cautiously answer your question with a "no," while also stating I'm not a doctor and cannot give medical advice. I'm betting you're asking this question because someone poured a bucket of ice water over their head and then fainted. This would not be uncommon, and I'm surprised we haven't heard of it happening before. Why would dumping a bucket of ice water over your head possibly cause you to faint? It's called " ." Dunking your face in icy water causes your heart rate to suddenly slow way down. This is often referred to as the "diving reflex." If the heart rate slows suddenly, you can pass out. Usually, this lasts for only a few moments. It is not an indication of an underlying heart problem. Interestingly, you can also faint by holding your breath and bearing down hard to push out a bowel movement -- another way to suddenly slow your heart rate down. Think about that before you try to rush your bowels in the bathroom next time. Wishing you well!  Yes, this could be a symptom of heart trouble. While some women do get the classic (crushing or squeezing pain at the mid-chest, shortness of breath, lightheadedness, anxiety), other women have such as pain at the mid-back, shoulder, breast, or arm. This pain usually is described as "severe," rather than "uncomfortable," however. If you suspect you are having a heart attack, please seek immediate medical attention by dialing 911. Regarding , specifically, the symptoms are the same in women as in men: discomfort, burning or aching in the chest, back, neck, throat, or jaw. It is frequently mistaken for indigestion. If you take antacids or other anti-indigestion medications and don't get relief, it could be a sign of angina pectoris. This should be evaluated by a medical provider, as angina is a sign of coronary artery disease. I hope you feel better soon, and that your symptoms are nothing more than acid reflux!  I think you need to call your gynecologist or primary care provider for an appointment and some blood work. A number of conditions could cause the symptoms you describe, among them anemia or low red blood cell count. Dehydration also could produce this type of symptom, so be sure you're drinking enough water. You've suffered enough, waiting for this to clear up on its own. Now it's time for some medical intervention, I think. I hope you feel better soon!  Yes, these things definitely could be related, and you should seek immediate medical attention by calling 911. The symptoms you describe could indicate an that requires immediate treatment. Do not delay. I realize your question was posted 12 hours ago, so perhaps you've already seen a medical professional. If the symptoms have subsided, you still need to seek medical attention. Best wishes to you.  I'm sorry you're experiencing this. It's probably unnerving. Unfortunately, it's impossible to say what may be causing this without a physical exam, and possibly lab work and other testing. Many conditions can cause an irregular heartbeat like you're describing, such as or even . The diagnosis can depend somewhat on your age, smoking status, cholesterol level, and more. Only an EKG or test can say for sure what's going on here. I suggest you start by consulting your primary care provider. He or she knows your complete medical history and can best advise you as to the steps to take to obtain a diagnosis. Wishing you all the best!  Thank you for reaching out with this question. It's an important one for others your age who have your symptoms. My advice? Check with your doctor before doing any exercise at all, even walking for exercise. He or she can give you specific instructions for what type of exercise(s) to do, for how long, and at what intensity. If you decide to walk anyway (hey, I know how you 86 year olds are!), please have someone with you at all times. Because of your weakness, I have a real concern about your falling and breaking a hip. Right now, you may need to focus more on diet than on exercising, especially since you say you feel extremely weak. I salute you for being a survivor and wish you many more healthful years! You inspire me.  I'm sorry to hear your son went through that. I'm sure it was quite distressing. The technical term for what your son experienced is " ." This happens to many people when they are about to get poked with a needle. A vasovagal attack is the most common cause of fainting. What happened to your son will have no lasting health effect. He should be fine. Your son can help prevent this from happening in the future by letting medical personnel know he has fainted in the past from a needle stick. It is nothing to be ashamed of. When we know of this in advance, we can help patients to relax and avoid fainting during a procedure. Your son also should focus on taking slow, deep breaths the next time he has to have blood drawn. This will help him avoid fainting. Wishing you well!  Many conditions can cause the symptoms you describe. Some of them are benign (don't cause harm), and some are life-threatening. The important message here is this: If you're having any heart-related symptoms, you should get them checked out by a health care provider as soon as possible. Specifically, if you feel any severe chest pain, tightness of the chest, pain radiating down your left arm or up into your jaw, pain at the mid-back (in women), ongoing shortness of breath, nausea, or fainting in combination with any of the other symptoms, you should call 911. Don't take chances with your heart. Please get checked out by a health care provider as soon as possible.  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. My best advice is to go back to the doctor. Even though the initial diagnosis was muscular pain, that's not the final word on the matter. If your symptoms are continuing to go on for months after the diagnosis, this deserves to be re-investigated. It can frequently take several follow-up exams to accurately diagnose a condition. Returning to the same health care provider who first diagnosed you would be a great move because he or she will want to know that your symptoms haven't gotten better. And you can also let him or her know about these new symptoms (skyrocketing blood pressure and hammering heart). Many conditions reveal themselves slowly, so the more complete your medical history becomes with a single medical provider, the more accurate a picture that provider can get of your health. I hope you feel better soon!  To get the best answer to your question, I'd suggest picking up the phone and discussing your concerns with your health care provider. He or she will be happy to explain the rationale behind leaving you on while discontinuing the other drugs. My hunch is that your provider feared your potassium might dip too low after withdrawing the , which can strip potassium from your system. By leaving you on a "potassium-sparing" diuretic (water pill) like spironolactone, perhaps your provider thinks your potassium will level out. However, that's just a guess. Obviously I can't read your provider's mind. As I said, your best bet is to ask your provider directly. Wishing you all the best!  It's always nerve-wracking to think about going under anesthesia, isn't it? You're wise to think about how your medication might affect the experience. Let me set your mind at ease by saying, in general, your anesthesiologist should not have difficulty providing general anesthesia even though you take Adderall. Of course, "going under" always has some risks. However, by telling the anesthesia provider what medications you take, you're helping him or her make the experience as safe as possible. A few days before your surgery, you should have an appointment or phone call with a nurse who will give you instructions regarding what medications to take or stop taking before your surgery. Be sure to tell her or him about all the medications you take regularly, including vitamins and other supplements. If you don't receive any instructions at least a day or two before your surgery, call your surgeon's office. On the day of surgery, your anesthesiology provider will meet with you. Be sure you again tell him or her about all the medications you take. This will help your anesthesiologist to give you the best care possible. Good luck with your surgery!  I'm sorry you're going through this. How awful! I'd suggest you make an appointment with a psychotherapist. What you're describing sounds like , and it may take more than medication to address this issue. may not even be the best medication for your situation. It's true clonazepam is prescribed for anxiety attacks, but it's clearly not working. There are other medications available. Furthermore, your situation may require a more well-rounded approach that includes cognitive (talk) therapy to address the issues that are triggering your panic attacks due to driving. Please don't feel shy about seeking out psychotherapist. It's often the case that just a few sessions can significantly improve conditions like yours that involve a single activity that causes panic. Meanwhile, take care while driving. You're doing the right thing by pulling over as needed. If possible, take public transportation or carpool with a co-worker until your panic attacks subside. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear of your husband's health problems. It's difficult when they begin to stack up like that. Several things could cause your husband's ears to turn purple when he lies down. The most likely thing is a lack of oxygen due to congestive heart failure. You might see if propping up his head and back on extra pillows makes the purple ears go away. This is something you should talk to your husband's doctor about. Because it started happening recently, your husband's doctor will want to know about it. I suggest you call for an appointment. Hope this helps! Take care.  So sorry to hear your husband's going through this. Nagging rib pain is no fun! Yes, his symptoms certainly could be caused from leaning on that fence railing while fishing. I hope he reeled in a big one for his trouble! Since he's had all the usual heart testing and was told his heart was in good shape, I'm going to guess he's got a case of or an injury to the cartilage between his ribs. Leaning against a sharp object, such as a fence railing, could cause a mild tear or irritation of the rib cartilage. Rib cartilage will repair itself eventually. Unfortunately, it may be mighty ouchy until the healing is finished. Your husband can take over-the-counter pain relievers, such as anti-inflammatory medication like ibuprofen, naproxyn, or plain aspirin, for the pain. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear your son is going through this. Your best bet is to consult his pediatrician for an examination. A couple of things I'd like to talk about, though. First, if you're measuring your son's blood pressure with an adult blood pressure cuff, the reading will not be accurate. You need to use a pediatric cuff to get an accurate blood pressure reading in a 10-year-old child. A heart rate of 136 in a 10-year-old does seem rather high. The same things that can cause an elevated pulse in an adult can cause it in children. Obesity is one major culprit, but your son obviously isn't obese. Is your son symptomatic? What I mean is, does he have other symptoms besides the hypertension and elevated pulse? Is he dizzy? Sweating? Fainting? Assuming the blood pressure and heart rate numbers you're reporting are accurate, I'd say you should make an appointment with your pediatrician to get the situation evaluated. It may be nothing of concern, but you want to rule out anything serious. Wishing you well!  Sorry to hear you're going through this. It sounds like you've done the right thing by seeing your doctor and having your heart and kidneys checked out. I'm not sure why you're taking aspirin, unless your doctor specifically recommended you take it. Aspirin will not address the swelling issue you describe. Aspirin will treat swelling due to inflammation (such as from an injury) to some extent, but it will not have any effect on swelling due to edema (water retention), which is what you seem to be describing. I suggest you discontinue the aspirin unless otherwise directed by your doctor. It is not uncommon for people to retain fluid in the legs as they age. Even very active people can have issues with fluid retention in the legs simply because the veins don't work as well when we age. I suggest you return to your doctor to discuss the issue in more detail. It's possible, as you say, he does not have an answer for the swelling problem. But it's also possible the issue simply requires more investigation to arrive at a diagnosis. If you're concerned about the swelling and frequent urination (I would be!), then that's a good enough reason to return to your doctor for more conversation. Wishing you well!  Unfortunately, it's impossible to answer your question here because there are several drug combinations given for sedation during a heart catheterization. The good news is that this information should be contained in your husband's medical record. If you contact the facility where your husband had his heart cath done and ask for medical records, they will have some sort of procedure for you to obtain them. The anesthesia record should be included. If you can't read the handwriting (which I can tell you, as an OR nurse is common!), you can take a copy with you to your next doctor appointment for an explanation. You also could try contacting the anesthesia provider's office directly. Often, the anesthesia provider works for an anesthesia group, not for the medical facility. The provider probably would have a copy of your husband's anesthesia record and could interpret it for you. Hope this helps!  Yes, you certainly can from freaking out. If I had a nickel for every patient who fainted from stress when receiving an injection or having an IV started, I'd be one rich nurse! Frequently, when a person passes out from stress, it's due to what's called a "vasovagal response." This refers to a momentary malfunction of the parts of the nervous system (including the vagus nerve) that regulate the heart rate. Heart slows down, blood vessels dilate, blood pressure drops, and you pass out. However, you seem to faint more than would normally be expected. Vasovagal syncope (the fancy medical term for fainting while freaking out) usually requires a strong trigger. I would think back relaxation would bring on feelings of euphoria, not stress that causes fainting. Because you're still having fainting episodes after several months, it's time to go back to the doctor to see if something besides a vasovagal response is causing this. Also, if you can feel a fainting episode coming on, try to quickly sit down on the ground before you fall. And always try to protect your head. Best to you!  Many things can cause low oxygen levels in the blood. To name a few: Lung injury ( ); lung disease ( , ); ; heart disease ( ); -- and that's just a handful I can think of off the top of my head. This is why your doctor wants you to go in for further testing, which I recommend you do as soon as possible. Low blood oxygen levels are nothing to mess around with. Obviously, all of your organs (including your heart) require adequate amounts of oxygen to function properly. In answer to your question, the corrective action for low oxygen levels will vary depending on the underlying problem. In the meantime, you can help your body get as much oxygen as possible by sleeping with your head elevated on a couple of pillows and by pausing to take 3 or 4 slow, deep breaths every hour when you're awake. (Keyword: slow.) With luck, the source of your low oxygen levels will be diagnosed quickly and turn out to be something easily treatable. That's my wish for you. All the best!  It's always difficult to understand the medicalese, isn't it? Let me see if I can translate this for you. The "nodular density" refers to a dark spot on the X-ray. This spot is located in the area ("the right pulmonary hilum") of the right lung that's close to the heart. The report says this dark spot may indicate the "end on [a] vessel," which means it might just be a large blood vessel showing up more clearly on the film this time than last time, since it "was not clearly present previously" (in other words, they couldn't see it on your last chest X-ray). Because the radiologist who read your X-ray isn't sure precisely what this dark spot is, your surgeon is having you get a CT scan, which will provide a clearer image. This doesn't sound to me like something to get alarmed about. I wish you all the best with your heart cath!  The answer here isn't quite as straightforward as you might think, so let me try to explain. It's true an doesn't look inside the body, the way an does. However, an ECG does trace the heart's electrical conduction system. If an artery in the heart has become blocked and caused a portion of the heart muscle to die, this can affect the electrical conduction system. And that damage, in turn, would be reflected on an ECG. That's probably why your relative's cardiologist is going directly to angioplasty. Actually, the physician likely will perform an angiogram first, then do the angioplasty immediately afterwards. Instead of having to undergo two procedures, your relative will only go through one. That's healthier, in many ways. It reduces infection risk, and your relative will only have to recover one time instead of two. If your relative has any questions about why his or her cardiologist is choosing this particular treatment, your relative should speak up. Every patient has a right to know why a procedure is being performed, what the expected outcome is, and what the recovery will be like. Communication is key in getting great medical treatment, and sometimes that communication has to start with the patient. Best wishes to you and your relative!  It's entirely possible that the liquid you're referring to is, in fact, stomach acid. It's not uncommon for to get worse when lying down. Did your doctor prescribe something for you to take for the acid reflux? If so, and it's not working, then I'd suggest you return to the doctor to describe what's going on. He or she may want to change your medication or have you try a mechanical approach to the problem, such as elevating the head of your bed on a couple of bricks. You also would be well advised to stop eating within two hours of bedtime. I doubt the symptoms you're describing are related to any heart problem, but only your doctor can say for sure. No matter what, this issue is having a negative impact on your daily life, so you should get it checked out again. Best wishes to you!  Good question. A few ideas come to mind. ? Stage fright? ? Even if you've never experienced these before, they can come on suddenly and without warning. Did these symptoms occur when you were doing something in front of the class? If so, my guess would be you experienced an episode of anxiety. If you weren't performing in front of the class, then perhaps you had a bout of low blood sugar (hypoglycemia). Even though you say you ate breakfast, the quality of the breakfast can influence your glucose levels. For example, if you ate only pancakes and syrup, you certainly could experience a dip in your sugars. If you ate some protein along with some whole grains, then it would be less likely you experienced a dip in blood sugar. If you are otherwise healthy and this has never happened before, there's probably no need to have it checked out. We all experience occasional bouts of panic or hypoglycemia. If it happens again or begins happening frequently, then you should make an appointment to see a health care provider for an evaluation. Good for you for maintaining your hydration. It's very important to overall good health!  Good for you for persevering! Navigating the health care system can be daunting, but you are hanging in there until you get some answers. Obviously, I can't diagnose what's going on with you and, frankly, wouldn't hazard a guess at this point. It's possible all of your symptoms are related, but it's equally possible they're all coincidental. Or related to something else entirely. Some conditions literally take years to reveal themselves enough for diagnosis. Some examples (but I want to make clear I am NOT suggesting any of these apply to you): lupus, gastroparesis, fibromyalgia. This process could be what you're experiencing. If all of your symptoms are related to a single disorder, perhaps that disorder is manifesting itself very slowly. By not giving up and continuing to seek care for your ailments, you may be helping yourself down to the road to diagnosis. I wish you all the best in finding out what is causing these perplexing problems!  That's a great question for your primary care provider. is a common disorder in which a person stops breathing for brief periods of time during sleep. This can, in turn, lower a person's blood oxygen concentration levels. Low oxygen levels in the blood can damage the heart muscle over time. So, I'd suggest you make an appointment to discuss the situation with your primary health care provider. He or she can advise you as to whether you should have a cardiac workup done in light of your new diagnosis. Take care!  I would check the side effects of all medications you are taking and see if any have those symptoms listed. I just checked my new medications today and some of them say that if I get up too quickly, that I can have the same affects.  Your body is trying to compensate for the lack of nutrients. If you cannot eat because of a physical or mental illness you need to seek professional help.  I've heard there is a less evasive measure using sound waves to shrink the tonsils. Is this true?  What about hydrohydrosis?  I have a fainting order aswell because of low blood pressure and I take medications to regulate it. It took a very long time with doctors, and several tests (also had a heart monitor, lung/heart ultrasound etc. All came out fine.) If theres any possibility that low blood pressure is the reasoning for your dizziness I have a few suggestions. I have found that staying hydrated (and I mean drinking 4+ Liters a day!), eating a healthy diet with plenty of salt (I've been told by doctors to salt my ceral in the mornings..) have helped a great deal. I've also noticed that stress makes it worse along with lack of sleep and inactivity, makes me much more dizzy so having at least an hour before bed time to fully relax whither it be reading, drinking tea, having a bath or listening to ambient music helps so that I can have energy to go for a hike, run, or workout the next day. Exercise has helped more than I could have imagined. When I was unsure about why I was fainting so often (multiple times an hour, sometimes multiple times a minute) it scared me, as I'm sure it is scaring you. I stopped going for runs, working out, and even walking or biking to school because I was afraid of getting dizzy and passing out on route. This only made things worse and soon I was so dizzy I couldn't get out of bed. I highly suggested asking your doctor if your blood pressure is related, its is such a simple factor that can easily be over looked along with making sure that exercising wont put you at risk. I truly help this helps you in some way even if blood pressure isn't the problem.  No  Right upper abdomen could likely be your gall bladder. An ultrasound may be able to tell your dr. if there is any abnormality. In any case minimizing fatty foods and alcohols will be essential. It could be many other things though and a simple blood, and stool test can tell your Dr. a lot.  I had rheumatic fever as an adult at 40 yrs old. I didn't know what it was, but I was very sick for several months before I fired my MD and got a new one who put me on strong antibiotics right away. At 54 yrs of age, my mitral valve gave out and I had a new artificial mitral valve put in successfully. Now, at 57 yrs old, I have congestive heart failure and the cardio docs are thinking to put in an all purpose pace maker & defibrilator because of irregular heart rates (high -afib/flutter and low). All of it is directly attributed to a congenital heart murmur which was never followed and got worse over the years. The undiagnosed rheumatic fever was the last kick over the edge. I do not have any clogged arteries because I had always taken care of myself with a vegetarian diet and exercise (hiking, swimming, weight lifting). I have not yet regained all of the prior strength and maybe I never will, but I keep trying. It is baby steps toward progress every day  "The stomach carries the heart, and not the heart the stomach." -- Miguel de Cervantes I think that Cervantes had it about half right. It's true that what we eat directly impacts our heart health. But we also rely on a healthy heart to enjoy life's pleasures, which should definitely include eating good foods. How we shop and prepare our food makes a huge impact on our health. So what can you do to make sure you're on the right track? Here are three tips to get you started. 1. Clean out your pantry. Do it today, and try it at least once a month. Go through your fridge and even that old freezer in the garage, too. Take stock of what you've got, and what you don't need. Focus on purging processed foods, foods with trans fats, and food products that contain high fructose corn syrup. While throwing away food of any type is less than ideal, it's important to recognize that most of these products aren't real food, anyway. Get rid of them, and start fresh next time you go shopping. 2. Read food labels. Think of reading food labels as having a free dietitian at your disposal. First, determine what the actual serving size of your food item is supposed to be. You might be amazed to learn that you have been drinking two servings of your favorite soda in one bottle, or that the bowl of cereal you usually pour for yourself was meant for three. Second, look at the trans fats listing. It should read zero. Next, look for fancy lingo on your label. A good example is "partially hydrogenated," which is a term that companies use sometimes to sneak small amounts of trans fats into their products. Finally, look for foods low in sodium. It turns out that processed foods provide about 80% of the sodium in our diets. You can make a great improvement in your diet by choosing low-sodium or sodium-free options. 3. Outsmart the supermarket. When grocery shopping, have you ever wondered why you could never find a decent tomato? But it's so easy to find candy bars, frozen pizzas, and even tabloid magazines. It's called "market research." Supermarkets understand all too well how their customers walk through stores, and how this can impact their buying habits. We tend to start our shopping on the right side of the store, swing around the back, and then head toward the checkout line through the middle. This is why so many cheap ("cheap" from the supermarket's perspective) convenience foods are in the center aisle, and the candy is prominently displayed as you swipe your credit card. It can be harder to find some of the healthier foods that have a lower profit margin. The solution is to attentively shop from a list and to avoid any impulse purchases. People don't tend to buy quinoa and steel-cut oats when they're in a hurry...  Raising your feet can sometime be helpful in mobilizing fluids in cases of congestive heart failure. But a careful diuretic regimen is key to success, as is watching salt and fluid intake closely.  As you know, Adderall is a stimulant, which in some individuals may cause palpitations or extra heart beats. But in the majority of people who take it, it improves quality of life -- that's why your doctor prescribed it! Mitral valve prolpapse with minimal valve regurgitation is not a diagnosis that would generally have me recommend against Adderall. But it's always a good idea to discuss your own situation with your doctor too!  In recent weeks, a study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition tried to solve the controversy once and for all. Pooled data from twenty-plus studies and nearly 350,000 participants and found no difference in the risk of heart disease between people with the lowest and highest intake of saturated fat. This is huge. Its like telling people that bicycle helmets dont protect them from head injuries or seatbelts dont save lives. Sure, its not a perfect study. Some of the research relies on peoples recollections of what they ate, and its hard to draw any conclusions about whether there may be some benefit to a low-saturated fat diet in older or higher risk populations. But we cant ignore such a clear challenge to our way of thinking and hope that it just goes away. We need more research, more data and more open minds. Many are calling for a new approach to official dietary recommendations that takes the focus off of pyramids and nutrients like protein and fat, and more towards general dietary patterns. Most people are now in agreement that highly processed foods and refined carbohydrates and sweets are not as good for us as a more plant-based diet enriched with whole grains, unsaturated fats and animal protein from fish. This seems like fact, but the cynic might just call it the next wave of conventional wisdom. Time will tell...  Pre-participation sports evaluations are a hot topic  despite the growing data in support of testing, we still have not collectively agreed on the best way to screen young people. Many are familiar with the Italian experience of screening all young athletes with electrocardiograms  this practice has diagnosed hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and other conditions and likely has prevented many deaths. But a limitation of screening many people for less common conditions is that some people without underlying heart conditions may have abnormal electrocardiograms, leading to more expensive testing. And given limited resources, we, unfortunately, must consider both benefit and cost. Some have argued that sudden death from undiagnosed cardiac conditions is so uncommon that we frankly cant afford to screen everyone. But recent research may suggest that screening with electrocardiograms may be cost-effective according to commonly accepted thresholds. One of my good friends from cardiology fellowship, Euan Ashley, who heads the Stanford Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Center, recently published an article which directly addresses the question of whether screening athletes with electrocardiograms in addition to a medical history and physical exam is cost-effective as compared to a history and physical alone. Cost-effectiveness is typically judged in terms of cost per life-year saved. Euan and his team found that adding electrocardiograms to a screening program saved approximately 2.1 life-years per 1000 people tested, at an additional cost of about $89 dollars per athlete. This suggests a cost-effectiveness ratio of about $43,000 per life-year saved. In general, procedures are felt to be cost-effective if they cost less than $50,000 per life-year saved. To give some perspective, hemodialysis for end-stage kidney disease has a ratio that falls in the range of approximately $50,000. Scientific data can guide us, but it doesnt help balance our budgets. While we might find that a given procedure, treatment or screening test may be cost-effective by standard definitions, that still doesnt mean that we have the money to do it. And it is unlikely that we will stop paying for previously accepted procedures in favor of others that may be cheaper. Electrocardiograms and kidney dialysis are apples and oranges. But the data does raise questions moving forward. Given limited resources, who should be entitled to potentially life-saving cardiac screening? The NFL, NBA, and increasingly, MLS, have access to some of the best medical care around. It is my hope that if we get our act together with regards to screening our professional athletes appropriately, than perhaps we can focus the conversation on our sons and daughters, who I would love to see screened on a more consistent basis in the future.  After a heart attack, some men and women fear that any type of sexual activity will provoke another one. People feel that if they've had a heart attack, it's not a good idea to stress their bodies with sexual activity. But fewer than 1% of heart attacks are precipitated that way. It makes sense to think of sex as a form of exercise: If your doctor clears you for physical activity, you're also likely safe for sex.  They may do that indirectly. When heart patients worry about sexual function, a lot of their concerns are related to confidence and fear. After a heart attack, they feel that if they try to go for a run, they'll drop dead. Cardiac rehab, through structure and supervised exercise programs, teaches people that it's OK for them to exercise, it's OK for them to exert themselves and to get back in the game. I think once they have that confidence, they can go out and use it, whether it's on the treadmill or in the bedroom.  Yes. It shows that you're capable of doing physical activity in which your heart rate and blood pressure go up. In a sense, you're doing a stress test on your heart. If you tolerate that well and you feel good doing it, it suggests good things about your overall level of fitness and therefore your risk of heart disease. Sex can also be a sign of healthy relationships and social supports -- it shows you have the opportunities, frankly, and that you're interested and engaged. I think sex is a barometer for overall health.  Would you like nitrates with that? This is the question that we need to start asking ourselves when we walk through the grocery aisle, order in a restaurant, and particularly when we feed our children. More data emerges every day which challenges our previous notions of the relative significance of particular fats or micro nutrients. Doctors and nutritionists are focusing more on how our food is made. Processed food contains high amounts of salt, nitrates and other chemicals used as preservatives and flavor enhancers  most of which the typical person knows little or nothing about. While this is old news, recent data is emerging that suggests that the processing may pose more of a health risk than previously recognized. A few months ago, I blogged about a study that suggested that saturated fat intake was not clearly associated with future risk of heart disease  this research contradicts some of our commonly shared recommendations, and has forced the American Heart Association?and other organizations to seriously rethink not only our recommendations, but how we come to arrive at them. Common wisdom is taking an appropriate backseat to research. So I was excited to read about a more recent study which tries to tease apart why foods high in saturated fat would appear to be associated with an increased risk of heart disease. Harvard researchers examined the results of 20 different studies involving 1.2 million people. They found that eating unprocessed meat (think steak or unprocessed pork or lamb) was not associated with any increased risk of heart disease, but eating processed meats (like cold cuts, sausage and bacon) was linked to a 42% increased risk of heart disease and 19% increased risk of diabetes. They specifically looked at the saturated fat content between the unprocessed and processed meats, and didnt find much of a difference. But nitrates and salt might account for some of the disparity. All it took was a typical serving a day (like a hot dog, or some sliced cold cuts in a sandwich) to reach this risk. When you consider the number of people who have bacon for breakfast most days of the week or have a ham sandwich for lunch every day, the impact of processing is impressive. The authors? of the study also make the point that unprocessed meat may also have other noncardiac health risks, such as colorectal cancer and other malignancies. Many Americans tend to accept processing, antibiotics and hormones in their food without much of a fight  these additives may make our food more flavorful, and likely cheaper as well. But it seems as thoughprocessing may come at a price  an increased risk of heart disease. You can take some steps to reduce your risk by avoiding bacon, sausage and all deli meats, and try to focus on eating real food.  When many people think of ischemic heart disease, they are thinking of atherosclerosis, or blockages in the coronary arteries as the result of plaque. But it's true that myocardial bridging is a possible cause of intermittent ischemia (low blood/oxygen flow to the heart muscle) that may result in damage to heart muscles or dangerous heart rhythms.  Listen until you no longer hear it at all then record your reading  If you just started walking this could be normal until your body gets used to the new exercising. However, if you are very active and are having a great deal of discomfort, you should see your doctor. The feeling of your heart as if it is being held or squeezed is not a normal reaction, that doesn't mean it's serious or life threatning by any means, but it certainly means you should consult with your physician. At only 14 yrs of age, you should not be experiencing this, and if you are saying this occurs with only walking a very short distance, you really need to see your doctor.  The foods mentioned (green vegetables, beans and lentils) are good sources of iron. Here are some other sources: Chicken liver Clams, mollusks, mussels Cooked beef and turkey Breakfast cereals enriched with iron 1 cup cooked beans 1 cup spinach 1 ounce nuts (peanuts, almonds, walnuts, etc.) 1 cup of rice There are also foods that can hinder iron absorption. To absorb the most iron from foods, avoid drinking coffee or tea or consuming calcium-rich foods (milk, cheese, and yogurt) with meals containing iron-rich foods. To improve absorption, eat iron-rich foods along with a good source of vitamin C. For example orange juice, broccoli, or strawberries are rich in vitamin C. For more foods that are rich in iron follow this link .  Following a heart healthy diet will help to keep your heart healthy. Changing your diet can help stop or even reverse heart disease. To have a heart healthy diet: Eat more fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and other high-fiber foods. Choose foods that are low in saturated fat, trans fat and cholesterol. Stay at a healthy weight by balancing the calories you eat with your physical activity. Eat more foods high in omega-3 fatty acids, such as fish. Limit drinks and foods with added sugar. Limit foods that are high in: Unhealthy fats such as saturated fat. These foods are found in animal products such as meats and dairy products. Limit trans fats found in shortening, partially hydrogenated vegetable oils, and hydrogenated vegetable oils. They are found in many processed foods, such as cookies, crackers, and snack foods. Limit foods with cholesterol found in animal products like eggs, dairy and meats. Limit salt (sodium) in diet. Too much sodium raises blood pressure. Sodium is found in high amounts in processed foods and fast food. For more information about stents and a heart healthy diet follow these links.  Hi there! first you should know that heart attack depends on the pain condition of the pain. If the pain is dull then you could just get a drink of water. If the pain is stabbing then you must go to a hospital. Extreme chest pains can lead to heart attack and even death. You must make sure that you get help from a doctor. And he or she should give you chest pain medications.  Yes I do be leave your heart stop when you sneeze for the blood pursuer that your lung/heart stops then continues after.  Surgery is one of the most cause for blood clots the form around the wound the some times brake free travel to your heart can cause death.  As a follow-up, my thyroid tests have all come back find. I'm scheduled to visit an endocrinologist in two weeks, and think that maybe another hormone imbalance may be to blame for all of my symptoms, which include - Hair loss (all over for about ten years, but mostly on the top of my head, said to be female pattern baldness, which I don't buy) Migraines (have had for twenty years) Knee pain in my right knee (MRI shows nothing, was told I'm just chubby and getting older) A fleshy-feeling lump in my throat (barium test showed nothing) Several yeast infections in the past year, plus a UTI Blurred vision at times Trouble concentrating Trouble losing weight (I went from doing nothing to exercising five hours a week and lost only 3 pounds in six weeks) Anxiety attacks (worse recently, but have had them for about 10 years) More recently (in the past couple of weeks, I've been now noticing - Itchy skin (mostly at night, in the scalp, back, feet, arms, legs and groin, pretty unbearable) Heart palpitations Hand tremors Light-headedness/dizziness, mostly after standing, but not always I've had so many tests, but the only hormone tests I've had are for my thyroid, all of which came back normal. I'm a 35-year-old woman and have had one pregnancy (and hope to have another one once I figure this all out). These things are really consuming my life and I really feel as though the doctors are trying to play everything off as coincidence, but I just know there's something wrong. If anyone has any advice or ideas on what might be going on, I would greatly appreciate the comments. I'm just at the end of my rope and don't know where to go from here if the endocrinologist doesn't find anything. Please help! Jackie  I recommend getting it checked out. Sometimes getting a second doctor's (or even third's) opinion is great! I had a health issue and I went to multiple doctors before any of them figured it out. You know your body best and you know when something needs to be figured out!  Do you have any tick-borne illness symptoms? The rash made me sit up and take notice. I had advanced stage anaplasmosis that the doctors all missed. It nearly killed me as I had it for years and developed seizures. I never had a rash, although many people do, but had extreme fatigue, neurologic problems and was often tachy. Docs also were thinking thyroid, but it was normal. It was my eye doctor who finally figured it out and sent me to a specialist. Just a thought because they are insidious, under-diagnosed diseases and on the rise.  ...And, I would sort of go in cycles too, which is apparently common. Some days I couldn't get out of bed and then I would have "the good days". There were many red flags in your comments. Maybe totally unrelated, but tick illnesses do not seem to be the "go to" diagnosis, and I am paying for it. My central nervous system is damaged.  Sounds like a pinched nerve...I have the same problem in my left arm.  Based on your age, your target heart rate would be between 82bpm and 114 bpm. This is based solely on your age. If you want to calculate this based on your fitness level you can use the Karvonen formula: Target Heart Rate = ((max HR - resting HR)  %Intensity) + resting HR Take your pulse at rest subtract this from max HR (220 minus your age) Multiply this by .60 and .70 to get your target heart rate range.  Fast forward 6 months. I start having heart racing/palpation problems again. I go see my GP and she thinks there might be something wrong with my heart I get a echo and heart monitor exam both come back normal. I was worried about my heart but I was more worried about the fatigue that had set in. I was going to work groggy every morning and taking 2-3 hour naps when I got home. I would sleep the entire night and still be tired the next day. On the weekends I would sleep for either the entire day Saturday or Sunday and feel a bit better to start over again the next week. I begged my GP to do a thyroid test on me since I have family history of it but everything came back normal range. CBC is normal and metabolic panel is normal. I asked her to check for thyroid antibodies and my TPO is very slightly high. I get an appointment with an Endo. This brings us up to present I have felt better for about a week. I have changed nothing. I had my Endo appointment today in which I tell her everything and she said I may have been having a Hyperthyroid attack when all this happened but I'm probably better now and I should do nothing. I beg her to take more blood work since I feel better than I did but I still don't feel right. I have also been gaining weight. I weigh 165 today and 3 weeks ago I was 160. I am use to being 135-140. I don't like the extra weight and I can't seem to shake it. Anyone have thoughts on what I can try my doctors are not helping and they take a month to get in to see. Sorry for such a long description but 1000 characters wasn't enough!  It could be a number of things, many of which are correctable or treatable. And a few that can be a big hassle and even a tiny number of problems that could be serious. In any case, it's not a pleasant condition to have. I know what it's like to have those heart racing episodes. They're frightening and distracting and CAN make you feel ill. I used to get dizzy from having my heart race at over 200 bpm.  I suggest you contact your local State Health Insurance Assistance Program to gain a better understanding of the Medicare "red tape" you're referring to and what you can do to move forward with treatment, if appropriate. Find your local program by visiting the Medicare.gov Medicare Helpful Contacts page or by calling 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227).  I was trying to find the best place that would have information on this subject. I did a sleep study for 7 hours and it showed that I stopped breathing 12 times during the study? So I am aware that if your blood CO2 is too high and O2 is too low, your brain could be affected. I was put on a CPAP machine, But was told by the medical supply team that the doctor wants me on a BPAP? What is a BPAP? How do I find out which one of my 12 doctors recommended the change and why?  I don't know  Pulmonary hypertension is high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs--so it affects the heart, lungs, and vasculature (blood vessels). Here is more info on pulmonary hypertension http://www.webmd.com/lung/pulmonary-hypertension-1  I'm 39 and have been taking adderrall dr 30 mg for more than 5 years now. I take mine after breakfast in the morning. I have never had issues when I exercise but every person reacts to medications differently. Make sure you have food in your body and take as prescribed. Your dr. Or local pharmacist should be able to tell you if you are worried. When you fill you script you get a print out of information about that medication and what to expect if you have allergic reaction, medication interactions, food interactions, etc. if your exercising maybe just every few minutes ou could check your heart rate. If rises to fast then you know its time to rest and you will know your limits. You may just need to let your body adjust to medication also for a few weeks.  There are many possibilities of causes in my experience. From bad sleep habits. To caffeine intake, sugar. Which all effect cortisol levels. Excessive exercise.  To answer your question, I would need to know which medications you take for heart failure, and how severe your heart failure is. Vicodin and other narcotic pain relievers can cause breathing difficulties if you take too much. People with congestive heart failure, who often already have breathing difficulties, may be more prone to that side effect. In reference to your question about specific drug interactions, I would need a list of your medications to answer that question. I suggest you talk to your pharmacist, who has a list of all your current medications, and can discuss the potential for drug interactions with you.  All medications carry some risk of side effects. Side effects of Toprol-XL include dizziness, drowsiness, dry mouth, nausea, constipation, and depression. Signs of serious side effects are shortness of breath or wheezing, changes in your heartbeat, and swelling of the feet and hands. It is safe to take Toprol-XL with lisinopril? There are no dangerous drug interactions.  Your build can have an impact on your risk of developing cardiovascular disease but it depends on where you store your fat, how your put together (muscle to fat ratio) and what risk factors you have such as high blood pressure, smoking, low physical activity, poor diet---just to list a few.  There has been a backlash against low fat diets, leading people to go in the opposite direction, embracing diets high in saturated fat diets. The truth is diets low in saturated fat won't reduce heart disease risk if the saturated fat is being replaced with refined carbs. This decreases HDL (good cholesterol) and can increase triglycerides and the blood sugar response. But as both of the review studies below demonstrate, when saturated fat in the diet is replaced with plant and fish sources of fat (omega-3 fatty acids and monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats) it decreases heart disease risk -- HDL increases and LDL (bad cholesterol) decreases. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24345985 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23895475 This is basically the Mediterranean diet -- low in saturated fat, high in fruits and vegetables and healthy fat sources like olive oil and nuts. While the French may have diets higher in saturated fats, they also tend to be leaner, walk more and eat other heart healthy foods like fruits and vegetables. While the evidence continues to evolve, there isn't enough to recommend a diet high in saturated fat to reduce heart disease.   There is some research to show that anemia is associated with hair loss but not all studies agree. In fact, a 2010 study in the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology showed no difference. It's best to work with your healthcare provider on optimal ferritin levels and supplementation. You also want to rule out other potential issues related to hormonal or skin changes. Changes such as pregnancy, childbirth and menopause can increase hair loss. When it comes to nutrition, protein and adequate calories play an important role in hair growth so including good protein sources at most meals may help (lean meats, eggs, fish, beans and dairy) as does eating balanced meals throughout the day. This WebMD article provides more information on Eating Right to Keep Hair Healthy.  There is emerging evidence that moderate coffee consumption is linked to decreased risk in type 2 diabetes, Parkinson's and liver cancer. A recent study published in Circulation Heart Failure, discussed in detail here on WebMD , showed moderate coffee intake was associated with lower risk of heart failure. The researchers recommended 2 average American cups of coffee as moderate, which was actually 4 smaller cups in Europe. It's important to remember that these studies only show associations and do not prove cause and effect. But if you love coffee, you can feel good about making it a part of your healthy diet. I know I do!  No. Your heart keeps right on beating, even through the worst sneezing fit you can imagine. Coughing, sneezing, bearing down, and other activities can change the pressure inside the chest and the blood flow back to the heart from the veins. Its theoretically possible that sneezing could change blood flow enough to cause the heart to delay a beat for a fraction of a second. These kinds of variations in heart rate are normal and occur in all healthy people.  Cardiomegaly is an enlarged heart. In most cases, enlargement of the heart occurs over an extended period of time (weeks, or more often, years), due to an injury to the heart. The heart responds to the injury by remodeling itself in a way that lets it continue to do its job of pumping blood. This sometimes results in a stretching of the heart muscle. The condition may also be called dilated cardiomyopathy. The most common causes of cardiomegaly are: High blood pressure thats inadequately treated for a long time Coronary artery disease or heart attacks Alcohol abuse Viral myocarditis (heart infection by a virus) Postpartum cardiomyopathy (unexplained heart enlargement after delivering a baby) In many cases, no cause can be identified, which is called idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy. The heart may also only appear enlarged on a chest X-ray (the traditional way doctors have diagnosed cardiomegaly). An abnormal amount of fluid around a normal-sized heart (pericardial effusion) will deceptively enlarge the hearts shadow on a chest X-ray film. An echocardiogram (heart ultrasound) is usually recommended for people with an enlarged heart. An echocardiogram can tell the difference between a pericardial effusion and true cardiomegaly and can provide additional information about the hearts shape and function.  That is a very good question! It has likely been called heartburn because it is often a burning pain that can be felt in the middle of the chest and under the breastbone. This is also the area where the heart lies. Another name for heartburn is pyrosis. Heartburn is often caused by acid reflux. Acid reflux can occur when stomach acid washes up into the esophagus (the tube that connects the mouth and the stomach). The acid irritates the lining of the esophagus and can lead to heartburn. Follow this link to a good series of slideshows that can help you understand heartburn a little better.  Aloe vera has been used for centuries as a folk medicine for many purposes. Mainly it was used topically on the skin. There has been some evidence that it can help in some types of skin inflammation such as psoriasis and seborrhea. There is also scientific evidence for its laxative properties but there are questions about its safety. I have not been able to locate any good scientific evidence that it is useful for acid reflux. Here is more information about heartburn and its treatments. I hope you get relief with what has been prescribed. Be sure to let your doctor know if you are not getting better. And always talk to your doctor before taking any supplements.  If someone said to you that your lifetime risk of a heart attack is close to 100 percent, youd probably want to do everything you can to either prevent that fate or delay it by as long as possible. Right? Heart disease continues to be the No. 1 killer of Americans; 1.5 million heart attacks occur in the United States each year with 500,000 deaths. Costs related to heart attack exceed $60 billion per year. Most of us are aware of the ways in which we can help keep our hearts healthy: * Eating a sensible, balanced diet high in healthy fats and low in saturated fat. * Keeping our cholesterol and blood pressure under control. * Maintaining a regular exercise routine that gets our heart pumping faster. * Managing stress. But what about sleep? How does that factor in? Turns out that sleep factors in big time. A new study shows that poor sleep may worsen heart health by increasing inflammation. Chronic inflammation has gained a lot of attention in recent years due to the associations found between this bodily process and an array of illnesses and disease. While inflammation is a normal physiological process and part of our immune system, when it runs amok it can wreak havoc on our cells and tissues. Which explains why inflammation can play a major role in heart health, as it can lead to restricted blood flow and increase the risk of heart attack and stroke. This recent study found that regular bouts of insomnia and poor sleep quality may increase inflammation throughout the body, which may be further aggravated by high cholesterol, resulting in heart complications. The specifics: * After surveying 525 participants on their sleep habits, researchers from Emory University measured their levels of certain inflammatory hormones, including the famous C-reactive protein thats used as a biomarker for inflammation. * They found that individuals who regularly got the least sleep were significantly more likely to have high levels of the hormones and consequently, inflammation. * In fact, adults who slept for six or fewer hours had higher levels of all three inflammatory markers that the researchers measured. * The researchers at Emory also noticed that men and women with poor sleep quality had higher blood pressure. Something else that the researchers discovered to their surprise: Men  not women  who experienced poor sleep quality had less flexible arteries. This condition also contributes to hypertension and puts more stress on the heart. The reason for this could be due to certain hormones or other variables going on in women that help explain the discrepancy. This doesnt mean women can get away with poor sleep. It just means we need to study the gender differences when it comes to health and their separate risk profiles. Fibrinogen, one of the other markers observed in this study, forms a fibrous mesh that slows the blood flow, thus increasing blood pressure and potentially causing hypertension. This fibrous mesh quickens the time it takes for your blood to clot, which can cause a stroke or heart attack. So it goes without saying that we all need to keep sleep on our list of priorities for keeping our hearts healthy and strong. Bottom line: Rest up to keep your heart up and running. You may feel like a ticking time bomb as you juggle too many to do's and run around like mad addressing your commitments and obligations. But that ticking time bomb can be real if youre simultaneously throwing sleep out the window. Add more minutes to your life just by adding more quality sleep minutes to your time in bed. It really could be as easy as that.  We know that high cholesterol is one of the major risk factors for atherosclerosis. In the May 10th edition of Archives of Internal Medicine, researchers found that eating nuts improves blood lipid levels, which may help stave off heart disease. In a pooled analysis of 25 intervention trials, eating an average of 67 grams of nuts a day (2.4 ounces) reduced total cholesterol by 5.9% and LDL cholesterol by 7.4% (P<0.001 for both), according to Joan Sabat, MD, DrPH, of Loma Linda University in California and colleagues. In 2003, the FDA allowed a qualified health claim that evidence suggests  but does not prove - that eating 1.5 ounces (43 grams) of nuts per day as part of a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol reduces coronary heart disease risk. The government allows the claim on dietary labeling for specific nuts, including almonds, hazelnuts, pecans, pistachios, walnuts, peanuts and some pine nuts. Walnuts and almonds have been most comprehensively studied. Epidemiological studies have linked nut consumption with a reduced risk of coronary heart disease, and many dietary intervention trials have studied the effects of nut consumption on blood lipid levels. Most clinical trials evaluating the impact of nuts on lipid profiles have been small scale (10-49 participants). LDL-C (the bad cholesterol) reduction has been consistently shown in these small-scale studies, typically in the range of 12-13%. Though less consistent, triglyceride reduction was shown. However, HDL-C (the good cholesterol) generally remained unchanged. One must always remember that these studies are far too small to establish any guidelines and there certainly is not one ounce of level one outcome data regarding the effect on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The American Dietetics Association evidence library concludes, consumption of 50-113 grams (1/2 cup to 1 cup) of nuts daily with a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol decreased total cholesterol by 4-21% and LDL-C by 6-29% when weight was not gained. Although the decrease in LDL cholesterol in the current analysis is modest compared with that seen with statins, the value of regular nut consumption for coronary heart disease prevention is unlikely due to the blood cholesterol-lowering effect alone, Sabat and his colleagues wrote. The authors of the current study felt that, nut consumption exerts beneficial effects by improving endothelial function, lowering oxidative stress, and reducing lipoprotein(a) level. I have previously written about lipoprotein(a). Aside from the fatty acid composition of nuts, other components such as arginine, plant sterols and phenolic components may play a favorable role in the lowering of lipid levels for those who eat nuts as a regular part of their diet. In the current study, the researchers performed a pooled analysis of raw data from 25 intervention trials conducted in seven countries that included 583 men and women with normolipidemia or hypercholesterolemia. None of the participants was taking lipid-lowering medications. Sample size ranged from 10 to 49. All of the dietary interventions were exclusively nuts  mostly almonds and walnuts  and ranged in duration from three to eight weeks. Quantities ranged from 23 to 132 grams per day, with a mean of 67 grams. The interventions resulted in the following mean reductions (with percentage changes), regardless of the type of nut used (P<0.001 for all): Total cholesterol: 10.9 mg/dL (5.1%) LDL cholesterol: 10.2 mg/dL (7.4%) Ratio of LDL to HDL cholesterol: 0.22 (8.3%) Ratio of total to HDL cholesterol: 0.24 (5.6%)  The FDA allow[s] a qualified health claim that evidence suggests  but does not prove - that eating 1.5 ounces (43 grams) of nuts per day as part of a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol reduces coronary heart disease risk. The government allows the claim on dietary labeling for specific nuts, including almonds, hazelnuts, pecans, pistachios, walnuts, peanuts and some pine nuts.  No, increased heart rate is not a normal feature of heartburn. However, pain and anxiety can increase heart rate. If you're still having this problem, I would get your doctor to check it out.  I am not able to tell what might be going on, particularly since you've had quite a few tests in the past. Your condition is too complicated to figure out without the benefit of examining you. You need a doctor to examine you and I would be concerned particularly about the shortness of breath and pain/tightness. That is not something you should ignore. I assume when you had your heart checked it was because of these same types of symptoms. However, they should still not be ignored and you should give your doctor a call.  Hopefully you have already done so but if not, you need to call your doctor right now or call 911. You should not ignore chest pain. This needs attention right away.  No, that's not normal. I can't say what's going on without being able to examine you and run any necessary tests, so you should see your doctor for that. The symptoms sound similar to anxiety or a panic attack but I have no way of knowing why that would be happening with every nap, which is unusual. Get checked out by your doctor, so you can get to the bottom of it.  Probably not. But it does depend on the kind you eat. If you eat a ton of deep fried chicken a la KFC or any other variety... you're probably going to have some health issues. But grilled or broiled chicken is actually very good for you. Fish has chicken beat when it comes to omega 3 fatty acids and such, but chicken is definitely an excellent sort of protein and a wonderful, healthy choice. If you're worried about things such as cholestorol and heart attacks and such, avoiding red meat as you already do may be the way to go.  Hi Sorry forgot at add some info, when or if you try the cayenne pepper wash each spoonful down with water, if you think its to thick just add some more olive oil, just remember olive oil is very good for you (google take two table spoon of olive oil a day) One more thing is you can add turmeric to the CP equal parts, this will boost up your cleaning of the blood. Below is some very good links these should help to what I have said http://www.livestrong.com/article/538213-can-cayenne-pepper-unclog-arteries/ http://turmericsgold.com/conditions/curcumin-for-high-cholesterol-and-high-triglycerides/ http://www.livestrong.com/article/112941-side-effects-turmeric-curcumin/ Just copy each link one at a time into google to the www. To open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your blocked arteries are from plaque, try putting yourself on cayenne pepper, this should help clear away your plaque, now I take this, I take mine by mixing it with tomato paste and thin it with olive oil, at first just mix this to a heat that suits you, then slowly build up the heat, this is the amount of cayenne pepper you put in. Now you take 3 small spoonful's each morning as you get up, you wash each one down with water, you could also add chopped garlic into it also very good for your blood, give this a couple of weeks, hope you can wait that long. For more cayenne pepper info go to www.cayennepepper.info your find lots to read on there. I do hope this helps and works for you, our blood is important. Good Luck  Hi, Some antibiotics and drugs, such as those for high blood pressure, rheumatoid arthritis, kidney stones, or depression, can cause odd tastes. If you're not taking medications for conditions like these and if you haven't had a thorough general check up recently, see your doctor to rule out any undiagnosed health problems. Sometimes the flu, heartburn, or very rarely, lead poisoning, can cause the odd taste. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi So you get these pains after a nights smoking? Yes So what do you think the answer could be then, do you think perhaps it could be from all the night smoking your doing? Trust me, its yes, and the more you keep doing it the worst it will get. But you do have away top kill all this pain your getting, you just have to give up smoking! What! O My God, yes its your only way. Look after 48 years of smoking and smoking very high nicotine smokes being French and Spanish, pipe and cigars, I kicked it, you can do its all down to breaking habits, and lots of self control. If your i9nterested just do an, Answer this, and ask?  Hi to remove plaque from your blood try cayenne pepper, have a read on www.cayennepepper,info there's some great info on cayenne pepper and how to take it. But I take cayenne pepper for help with ED, You need to mix it with tomato paste, to a heat that suits you, after you start it, if you go that way, after some time you can increase the heat. But it will make you feel good as you start using it, you can also add fine chopped garlic into it, the garlic is also very good for our blood. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi And just how long has this been going on? are you over weight? and how old are you?  Hi OK as you should know by now this drug Prednisone is a steroid, and this is why after so long on it you have gained weight, but in the drugs notes it should have been down as a side effect. Now you problem is being over weight and staying on the drug to lose weight, sounds like a no win cause. Have you thought of trying natural remedies, find the right one and slowly move over, this way you could cut out the steroids, this way you should lose the weight a lot easier. Try this link, http://earthclinic.com/CURES/natural-rheumatoid-arthritis-treatment5.html#RAR Just copy it into google to get there. You could also look at cayenne pepper and chillis both of these will also help with RA, I have a slight bit from selling fresh fish, this involves handling lots of ice, and being a course fisherman, fished in all weathers, it got into my right hand and fingers. At the moment pritty free of it, take cayenne pepper most days. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you eat bacon and its fats within limitations you should be ok, but if you exceed the norm, then you will start pushing up your bad LDLs,, that's pushing up your cholesterol and that you don't want to do. So just keep within normal limits, like a bacon sandwich a day will keep the doctor away. Good luck  Hi I would get along to your doctor and get this knee looked at, could be a cartilage problem your doctor could send your of for an MRI if it, and then talk about treatment for it. Good Luck  Hi Why is a 10 year old drinking health drinks anyway, the answer would be stop him, there not that good for him at 10, if you read up on them there not that good for a lot of people. So after what you have said about him then its the very last thing he needs. Fruit juice and spring water would be far better for him. Good Luck  Hi Yes there is , I found you this piece of info, you will need to follow it up and see what's happening now, and can you get on there list or do they know of any other doctors using this treatment. Hope this helps you. Good Luck And last the link, http://abcnews.go.com/Health/story?id=118139 Just copy this link into google to open and read  Hi I think your best move would be to seek out a heart specialist, explain all what you have said here, and let him take it from there. Good Luck  Hi Its a bit hard to0 say over t5he internet, you should go see your doctor, get some simple tests done, and take it from there, but be straight with to the start of your problem. He needs all the facts. Good Luck  Hi I would fro what I can read say you would be OK but you need to do a slow start up, and work yourself up from there. But you can google this, can a person with stroke volume do sports, your find lots of very interesting info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Are you good at tossing a coin, which would you have sooner had the heart attack with perhaps no survival or the operation you had. Just think you have had seven years on do doubt a healthy life or possible death. Do you want the coin. Good Luck  Hi, It may not be a rib but the cartilage that sit in the middle, and if you have moved that, yes boy it hurts, I did the same, its all down to sleeping on your back and taken life easy as you can, but if it is a rib, then its just doing the same. When you get up from lying in bed, just roll out, your find it a lot easer. Just keep on the pain killers, that's all you can do. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Its either down to his age, we all start losing hair as we get older. Or it could be down to any drugs he's on for his heart. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi First just were did you get the name chchou from? on the packet? OK I have 2 squares each night, of 70%, and some red wine both very good for the heart and blood, never anymore than that. Have a read of this link http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2586142/Why-dark-chocolate-really-IS-good-Stomach-microbes-turn-cocoa-natural-drug-reduces-blood-pressure.html Just copy it into google, your find it interesting. But just to add been having this for the past 4 years, never see a doctor, and feel OK age 66 going on7. Good Luck  Hi, Vitamin B12 can have negative psychological side effects. They include panic, anxiety attacks and insomnia. These side effects can lead to breathing problems and heart palpitations created by panic and anxiety. The symptoms typically disappear within a few hours, as the excess B12 is flushed from the system. Hope this is helpful. Good Luck  Hi, So you think your falling, me I fall off a kerb, gives you a jolt, for me, it means the wife gets my knee up the backside. There called sleep twitch's, or hypnic jerks, your find you not alone, I think we all get them at sometime. Do hope this helps you, Good Luck  Hi Just a thought, you sat feels like bubbles popping, then it could be just trapped wind, if you still have it try some very strong mints a or a good peppermint cordial take this strong, go for a walk, if its wind just hang on to your hat, when it breaks it will knock your hat off. Its just a thought. Good Luck  Hi HDL at 45 your spot on for a man. or 55 for a woman. And both can be higher. LDL below 100 for men and below75 for women. Triglycerides above 200 then worry Hemoglobin should be 13.0-18.0g/dL adult males and 11.5-16.5g/dL for adult non pregnant women So it just your hempglobin that needs a kick up, some extra iron may do that, in general its women who are low. Do hope this helps you and your heart, try taken some cayenne pepper for a healthy heart see, www.cayennepepper.info, for more info. Good Luck  Hi, Below is some links, these should help you with your problem. http://www.doctoroz.com/blog/harry-fisch-md/increasing-mans-testosterone-production http://www.livestrong.com/article/99026-natural-increase-testosterone-after-steroids/ http://anabolicmen.com/50-foods-that-boost-testosterone-levels/ http://www.askdrhelen.com/progesterone_and_men.html http://peaktestosterone.com/Progesterone_Men.aspx http://anabolicmen.com/boost-nitric-oxide-naturally/ Just copy these into google one at a time, to the www. To open and read Do hope you find some help with these. Good Luck  Hi, Yes you do have a problem, BP meds are a sex killers, statins for high cholesterol are sex killers, and with and poor erections yet you would have performance anxiety, would also be a sex killer. There are things on the natural side that could help, I 'm a great lover of Cayenne Pepper, taken daily is very good for your blood, its cleans all the plaque away which helps to bring down you cholesterol now add into that Turmeric and you are beginning to cook away some of your problems. Have a read of this site WWW.spacedoc.com packed with info and why you should not be on statins, the guy who runs it was an astronaut and he is a doctor, so its not a joke site. OK I do take CP and Turmeric daily for ED I mix in a 6oz jar in equal parts CP and Turmeric into olive oil and mix with tomato paste, you do this to a heat that suits you, at first and slowly you can build up the heat, as you mix this you can add more olive oil, remembering that the olive oil is very good for you. Take 3 teaspoons of this first thing every morning, as you just going on it you can take this 3 times a day, for 2 week then twice a day for 2 weeks, by then you should be getting your numbers down, then just do the first thing in the morning way. Google natural ways out of HBP, your find lots of help, just chose away and stick with it. When you start getting some good erections going, a good way to tell is when you start getting nocturnal erections and morning woods, then you will know things are getting better, When this happens your performance anxiety should go away, another problem out of the way. Other things you could try are DHEA, Tribulus, L-Arginine and L-carnitine, these you can take a long with the CP and Turmeric. OK Some links for info. http://www.cayennepepper.info/health-benefits-of-cayenne-pepper.html http://www.livestrong.com/article/538213-can-cayenne-pepper-unclog-arteries/ http://turmericsgold.com/conditions/curcumin-for-high-cholesterol-and-high-triglycerides/ http://www.livestrong.com/article/112941-side-effects-turmeric-curcumin/ Just copy one at a time into google to the www. to open and read. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Some tips that may or may not help, but have you googled swelling in the legs, just to see what some sites say could be your problem. Also try www.earthclinic.com you see just simple things could help, like apple cider vinegar and cayenne pepper. When you had your blood test done do you know if it said anything about plaque, if yes then getting on some cayenne pepper will get rid of it, garlic will help thin your blood and do some other things, green tea is very good for your blood, the APV is good for lots of things but if you read up about it, its kind of negative on the answers,, but all they do know some how it dose work, it neutralises your system, works for me along with the CP and garlic. So hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Answer Above  Hi Are we talking about trapped wind, then yes it could do that, if you still have it you either need some very strong mint's, or some peppermint cordial , take some of this very strong, then go for a walk, but hold on to your hat, when that wind comes up that's what it will do, knock your hat off. But it will make you feel good. Good Luck  Hi From what? and what your reason for the question.  Hi From What? and what would be the reason for your question?  Hi Go and have a look round www.spacedoc.com you should find some help there, there's lots to read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It seems they go together along with his prostate problem, there is mention of a drug called Cipro, but I would give this a good read up before asking his doctor about it, but it is said to help after some 8 weeks of taken it. But does he have stress with his anxiety, if so he could find some help with meditation for that bit if that works it could help with palpitations. Do hope this has some help. Good Luck  Hi Here's a good site that well help answer all your heart and brain questions. The Link, http://science.education.nih.gov/supplements/nih2/addiction/guide/lesson1-1.htm Just copy into google. But yes its our heart that is controlled by our brain in lots of ways, so yes its possible for you to have a short circuit, but if I remember right this can be put right, they have there ways for doing this. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Have a look at this link, it may help you, understand your problem a bit more, and what you can do for helping it. Good Luck http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/tachycardia/DS00929/DSECTION=causes  Hi A hole in the heart is something your born with, so how did she get to that assumption? But why dose he have this med in the first place, did drop out of the sky? Good Luck  Hi I would start by getting him out doing some brisk walking, walking is a good way to exercise, its good for many parts of the body and gets thinks working better, as he loses weight he could take a back pack with say 10 lbs at first, it will help his heart pump better. He also needs to cut out any fast or junk foods, these have high salts and sugars, drink lots of water, lots of fruit are good as part of the 5 a day with veg. Its a bit hard not knowing his age, but if he can swim that's very good as well, its an all over exercise, but he needs to be in at least twice a week or more if he can. A good diet will help as well. Good Luck  Hi Got this from drugs.com. Seek medical attention right away if any of these SEVERE side effects occur while taking multivitamin (the active ingredient contained in Neurobion) Severe allergic reactions (rash; hives; itching; difficulty breathing; tightness in the chest; swelling of the mouth, face, lips, or tongue); feeling of swelling of the entire body; numbness or tingling of the skin. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I thought stents helped to strengthen the vessels they grow into the walls of them. But only his heart doctor would be able to give the correct answer, or if there is a surgeon as well ask for his advice, or the hospital heart team, some body would know? Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Along with your high triglycerides, do you have high cholesterol? as these do go together, something to start would be cayenne pepper, trig and chol will cause a build up of plaque, this slows you blood up as it deposit's plaque on your artery walls. Now cayenne pepper will clean this away. I do take this daily for ED, most of ED is caused through blood problems, so you start this way, you mix CP with tomato paste, and thin with olive oil in a 6oz topped jar, mix this to a heat that suits you, if you keep on this, as time goes on you raise the heat, You take this, by taken 3 teaspoons each morning first thing, but as your just starting do this 3 times a day for 2 weeks, you will fill this go round your body as it kicks in. To give your blood some extra help, add in very fine chopped garlic, do a whole head into a 6oz topped jar and keep in olive oil, you add a teaspoon on top just mix into the top layer and take as before. After the first 2 weeks cut back to twice a day 2 weeks the daily down to once a day. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Go with the scrape, this would give a spring clean to her womb, a nice way to make sure she's OK My wife had this, says its really good for her. Good Luck  Hi Are you doing this under doctors orders? did he tell you just to stop them? If your doing this under your own thing, perhaps you should have just cut back slowly. lets say your on 1 tablet 3 times a day, then you should have just cut back to 1, 2 times a day for a week.. the down to 1 a day for a week, this would have let your body slowly adjust, OK Now if your on this for depression, google natural ways out of depression, you may find some help there. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Heres a couple of links to read through, as you will read in the first one, its all very confusing about the saturated fat in coconuts and its oil. http://www.abc.net.au/health/thepulse/stories/2008/09/25/2372372.htm Once you have read the link above, go and read what is being said about saturated fat on this link its down the right hand side. http://www.spacedoc.com/ As you will have read between the two, who really knows what the real answer is, but if you like it and your not eating one a day, some of anything we never hurt you, its people who go over the top, there the ones who are in trouble. Hope this helps you. Good Luck PS your find the spacedoc site very interesting, its all doctors, so cant be that bad.  Hi if you google androgel and heart attack, there is certainly a lot to read as well as the FDA report. Have you thought of getting the implant to back your testosterone back up, your find the only problem is that now your off it after so long, the using of androgle may have shut down your own testosterone. Think you may need another trip to your doctor. Have a read up about anrogel on www.franktalk.org, ask paul he is the big cheese on there, you can pm him through the site, all you need to do is join. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, So you stopped jogging and was walking? Yes at anytime after that did you bring up any wind/gas or anytime later? if yes, then is was just trapped wind, or bring up any wind in the 2 hours you say about.. And your OK Good Luck  Hi, I think you find its the weight on his heart that's making him short of breath, all that weight is doing no good, I would say that he needs to lose around 220 lbs to bring in to the safe area. So if he lives on fast foods and junk foods with lots of sodas, smokes and drinks alcohol, then that's his down fall, he needs to get off these ASAP, get on an healthy eating plan get out and exercise, this you may have heard all before, but if he does not, I think you must know what the answer will be. This is a warning for his health. Good Luck  Hi This bit is from WebMD. Pain in your arm(s), back, neck, or jaw. This type of pain is more common in women than in men. It may confuse women who expect their pain to be focused on their chest and left arm, not their back or jaw. The pain can be gradual or sudden, and it may wax and wane before becoming intense. If you're asleep, it may wake you up. You should report any "not typical or unexplained" symptoms in any part of your body above your waist to your doctor or other health care provider, says cardiologist C. Noel Bairey Merz, MD, director of the Barbra Streisand Women's Heart Center at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. But as its been going on for such a long time when doing heavy work, perhaps you can get a tread mill test done, this is done under a doctor and he would see how youre hearts working, showing up any problems. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Really good olive oil from Greece, but always extra virgin oil, you can use this oil for most things even getting tanned and sex, taking two table spoons of olive oil daily is very good for you, and give you a very healthy heart. Its good for our bones good for your hair if it gets dry, best all round oil you can buy. I will have fresh olive oil for sale, come the new year, all organic and sent from here in Greece, comes in 17 litre cans at 6 euros a litre. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You should not take antibiotics for a cold/flu, they don't work for that kind of thing, so you should tell your mother=in=law, that she should know better being a nurse. Your clinic doctor should tell you the same thing. Do what the rest of us do, take an Aspirin go to bed and sweat it out. Good Luck  Hi, The current stent that you have inside your coronary artery may not be removed. While stents are initially inserted against the wall of the coronary artery, they quickly become part of that wall as wall tissue envelops it. Thus, it is impossible to remove the old stent without causing serious damage to your coronary artery. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I would have thought gentle would be the way to go at first, then over time start to slowly build up, but I would think 8 to 10 weeks would be a good way to build up. But what has you doctor told you to do, or the surgeon who worked on your heart what do they say. To me gentle would be the way to start. Good Luck  Hi, Go find another ENT doctor, and keep doing that till you find one that will help you, have a good look round the web, you must find one somewhere. One problem is you would need to come off the blood thinners about 7 days before the op, but you really need find the right doc first. Good Luck  Hi The problem here is, the harder you work the higher you heart rate will be, and as you slow down so will you heart, and this would go along with you breathing. I think you find it hard to give a rate, for what you want. Good Luck   Hi The problem here is, the harder you work the higher you heart rate will be, and as you slow down so will you heart, and this would go along with you breathing. I think you find it hard to give a rate, for what you want. Good Luck  Hi, Fingernail striations or nail ridges is common among many people. Striation on nails does not necessarily mean an indication of disease. It can occur as a person grows old. Nail ridging is considered to be an aging process. Usually there are fine vertical striations present on the fingernails that we cannot see with naked eyes, they become more pronounced with an advanced age. Though vertical striations on fingernails are normal, horizontal striations or ridges are significant. They may indicate underlying health condition such as a cardiac disease or hypertension and skin conditions or Raynauds disease etc. So are yours horizontal? Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, It could be just simple trapped wind and it can last this long if not relieved, just try some extra strong mints or peppermint cordial but take it strong then go for a good walk. But when it comes up hold on to your hat, it comers out that good. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Odds its just trapped wind, It can give some real good pains around the heart, way out easy, you either need some very extra strong mints, or some peppermint cordial and take it strong, then go out for a brisk walk, but hang on to your hat, it will come up loud and proud. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Just a quick thought, it could be early menopause and a simple blood test will tell you this. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Ben, If you have an ED problem, then try this, its worked for me, I have four post on franktalk, al on what I take and when and how. or you can jus google them ok, try this, DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE, same again but add, DAILY INTAKE, NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS and NOHARDS HERB LIT FOR ED, PART 2, and on there you will now see me as NOWHARD, I believe its all down to getting our blood right, which if you read the links, that's what most of them will do for you, now you can try my mix or just add or subtract as you feel. But if you can get semi erect, then give the cock ring a try. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your find its just a build up of wind, and boy does it hurt, when you get this drink some very strong peppermint cordial, give it 10 minutes and hold on to your hat, it will soon pass very loudly. Good Luck  Hi So your saying your heart rate is like half of what it should be? Have you got that right?  Have you had a flu shot lately? Having heart problems too since getting a flu shot. Wonder if it's related to this year's virus strand.  U truly need to have a work up done on ur heart. Nothing to play with, and it does sound more serious than just take a pill and chill.  As a heart patient myself, 16 months post stent placement and on Plavix. I had to have a Laminectomy and before the Neurosurgeon would touch me I had to get a Cardiac clearance from my Cardiologist. He refused to give it until my 1 year anniversary. I ended up almost completely paralyzed and had my surgery 2 days after my anniversary date. They WILL NOT operate on you without a cardiac clearance. Good luck and God bless!  Yes your pain could be cardiac, it also could be ulcer related among other things. You really need to have this evaluated, especially to rule out a cardiac event. Good luck and God bless!  It can, but I never say it's anxiety until after there's been a full medical exam to rule out anything physical. You should consider doing this, and also take a look to see if you might be experiencing undue stress, lack of sleep, or anything else that might have triggered this.  Whenever anyone gets a pain in their heart, it's always a good idea to immediately check with your doctor. We can never assume this is either anxiety or panic until we have ruled out that it might be a medical problem. True, it might be panic or anxiety, but please have it checked out.  Check the amount of caffeine you are taking in. Coffee, tea, ice tea, soda in large amounts can cause this. I experienced the same thing during the summer when my intake of iced tea increased. When I switched to caffeine free tea, the palpitations went away.  There are some forms of cardiac arrhythmia - including PAT (paroxysmal atrial tachycardia) and supraventricular tachycardia - that can cause those symptoms; they can be diagnosed by a cardiologist using a Holter monitor test, and there are other conditions, including high blood pressure, all of which might have been brought to light by hormonal changes following your recent pregnancy. The best place to start is with your primary care provider. It could be that you may need to take a mild dose of a Beta-blocker such as Metoprolol Tartrate, which I take. Once your doctors have ruled out anything more serious, something along those lines could be of great help. If there is an endocrine imbalance, your doctor might decide to send you to an endocrine specialist, but because of the recent pregnancy, be sure to keep your OB/GYN in the loop. Good Luck! In the meantime, be sure to sleep with your head elevated slightly, and it might help a little if you don't lie on your back, it puts a little more stress on your mitral valves.  Hi! I am as we'll hypoglycemic but not diabetic. Have you been diagnosed as diabetic? I to in the mornings crave sugar because my sugar gets so low while sleeping. Sugary protects not the healthiest but there are several healthy foods that could make you feel better! Fiber bars, protein bars. There healthy but will give you the energy you need.  I can understand how past injuries can have lasting affects, however, for your pain level to be that high - something else is clearly going on. If the doctors you have seen are not helping you figure out what the cause is, either you tell them to help you get to the bottom of this, or you will sue malpractice (God forbid something is wrong) OR go to another doctor, and if that one doesn't work, keep going until someone will help. My advice is to research the doctors in your local area. If you can, look up the doctors at the local/major hospitals. Usually, they not only have more expertise, but have better equipment; have lots of ideas on how to find out what the cause is; and are usually more motivated.  Not sure if you saw a doctor about this, or if the doctor had heard the heart murmur before you started experiencing this. See a cardiologist/otolaryngologist as soon as you can to help properly figure out what is going on. Your health is nothing to mess around with. My grandfather was 31 years old; in the Air Force; had seen declared "healthy as a horse" by his doctor; and passed away from a heart attack the next day. Don't stop until you find a doctor who'll finally tell you what's going on. Good luck.  Many, many things can cause chest pain although we worry about the heart being a cause of it typically first as heart disease can carry some serious consequences. At age 17, the risk of artery blockages leading to chest pain would be very unusual except in some cases of congenital coronary abnormalities. It is important that you have a complete history and phsyical exam by a physician to help look for causes of this persistent pain. They will ask questions about your activity level (for example, can you and do you exercise regularly without difficulities?) and carefully exam your heart, lungs and blood vessels. You deserve to get an answer for something like persistent pain and at age 17, it's a good time to be reminded of heart-healthy living with things like eating healthy, exercising regularly, avoiding tobacco products, etc.  As someone who loves and collects wine, I was particularly interested in this question.... First, how did people come to the notion that red wine might have some heart healthiness to it? There's an observation called "the French Paradox" ...that emerged when scientists noted a relatively low incidence of coronary heart disease among the French, despite a high incidence of smoking and a diet heavy in fats (cheese, creams, etc). This notion gained widespread attention in the 1990s after it was covered in a story on "60 Minutes." It has spurred a great deal of scientific intrigue into whether or not a moderate amount of red wine consumption might balance some other dietary indiscretions. Bottom line, we don't know the answer definitively. Most believe that a modest amount of daily alcohol has some health benefits. Some believe that this benefit is pronounced with red wine, due to some particular chemicals that are part of the grape skin. In fact, companies have been formed to explore whether some of these compounds might be extracted and developed as drugs to treat/prevent heart disease. Now, back to your question. While drinking fine aged red wine is truly a delight, there's no evidence (yet) to suggest that this might be better for your health than more simple, less expensive wines. The key is moderation! So, enjoy your glass after work or with dinner tonight and stay tuned for more evidence as the story evolves.  There are two basic types of stents that cardiologists use to treat blockages in coronary arteries. Both are made of metal, but one type is coated with a polymer that has drugs embedded in it that can help prevent the re-narrowing of the blockage that occurs in 20-30% of the blockages treated with the "bare metal" stents. These "drug-eluting" stents were a major step forward in the technology used to treat blockages. But they also carry with them a need for longer periods of antiplatelet therapy (aspirin plus clopidogrel) than was required with the bare metal ones. It's these two characteristcs (reducing the risk of re-narrowing balanced against the need for long-term antiplatelet treatment) that influence which stent a cardiologist might use to treat blockages. For example, blockages with a greater likelihood for re-narrowing include very long blockages in smaller arteries. Cardiologists might more likely use a drug-eluting stent for these, while using bare-metal ones for more discrete blockages in large arteries. This is just one example. Cardiologists consider many patient factors (for example, is someone willing to take clopidogrel for a year) as well as technical factors when making these decisions. If you find out that you need a stent, ask your cardiologist how and why he/she will make these decisions.  Yes, some antidepressants and cardiac medications can interfere with sexual activity, so please discuss this openly with your doctor, since I do not know what meds are you are taking. The size of your penis should not be drastically changing, no more than your hands or feet getting smaller. It may seem that way if you are having erectile problems. This is another common male disorder that may be able to be rectified, but any use of ED meds will need to be prescribed by your doctor -- someone who knows your medical history, the medications you are taking, and can examine you.  You are asking a question that could not be answered over the Internet. We do not know anything about you, your medical history....but more importantly, we have no way of examining you and/or ordering any diagnostic tests. Before attributing any medical condition to stress or anxiety, a medical provider must first rule out all organic causes that could be attributed to your array of symptoms. I would strongly suggest that you see your medical provider -- someone who knows you and your medical history -- for a thorough, diagnostic evaluation.  No...the heart is a muscle; a pump. While there are neurological nodes in the heart that cause it to independently beat, it does not have the ability to cognitively think, nor does it have brain/grey matter.  It may be all in your head, but unless you saw a cardiologist, had an chest x-ray and/or echocardiogram, there is no way to know if someone has an "enlarged heart" or any other type of heart anomaly by just looking at the chest wall. These sudden deaths of heatlhy people do happen, unfortunately, and many never knew they had a problem. Have a good physical exam. If you have a family history of cardiac problem, get a clearance from a cardiologist. Since you are so worried, this may relieve your anxiety.  To lose weight, you need to reduce your calorie intake...simple as that. Cut your calories by just 500 kcal per day, and you will lose about a pound a week (52 pounds a year....not to shabby). In order to exercise, consider swimming.....less impact on you back. It is best to get a specific exercise recommendation from your doctor, however, because of your medical issues.  Maybe. I don't know anything about your medical history, but hearing your pulse in your ear could be a condition called PULSATILE TINNITUS (you can look this up). Consider seeing a good ENT specialist for a proper examination. While PT can have common,innocent causes, there are a few more serious causes that may need to be ruled out...again, based on a thorough medical history. This is not an easy issue to medically-investigate so make sure to find an ENT that has expertise in this area.  Atenolol is a blood pressure medication that has been used for some anxiety issues. If this seems to help him in these social situations, then I do think it justifies using it. I don't believe he will experience any adverse effects from taking this low dose. There are other medications that may be more helpful, if this does not work.  See your medical provider right away. Tachycardia (rapid heart rate) can be a sign of many different types of cardiac rhythm disorders, so you may need to see a cardiologist for a full, diagnostic work-up.  I do not know anything about your mother or her medical history, but I would be concerned as well. I cannot imagine that six days into a potent antibiotic course, that she would be having UTI symptoms. The vact that her BP is low, her heart rate is high, and she is having difficulty breathing would not likely be related to the UTI. She needs to see her regular medical provider as soon as possible for an examination.  Yes, you can live for a few seconds, until your brain dies. The definition of death varies, but the cessation of a heart beat and the cessation of brain activity signals the end. I would not have liked to be a victim of the ancient Aztecs -- the ones that pulled your beating heart from your chest. You can also live with an artificial/mechanical heart until a transplant has been found and attached, so technically, you are living without a biological "heart".  Many things can cause an accelerated heart rate, including certain types of nasal sprays. For you, alcohol may be acting as a stimulant, so perhaps you need to cut back on your intake to see if it is "dose-related". You should run this by your medical provider so you can have your heart properly examined.  I don't have a clue what your doctor meant by that statement. My suggestion would be for you to ask him to comment on this finding.  Raisins are high in iron, and they are good for the heart in an indirect, nutritional way. Assuming your father has a good balanced diet and other reasons for his low iron levels have been investigated, he can have a healthy handful every day if he would like.  Babies often get reflux, but it is rarely "silent". They cry and spit up, and often do not thrive. Your baby is thriving. As a matter of fact, he may be so good at breast-feeding now, that it only seems like he is not getting sufficient amounts, but he is. The fact that he is healthy and gaining weight is proof he is getting plenty. If he over-eats or is encouraged to nurse more than he can handle, he may throw up. True reflux is treated with prescription medicine like lansoprazole (Prevacid), once it is properly diagnosed. It would be wise for you to openly discuss this with his pediatrician first before trying any home remedies. Seasoned mothers will often suggest any number of them. Most colic, and even reflux, will improve after age three months, so brighter days may be in your near future.  You have an anxiety disorder, so you will likely worry no matter what I tell you. Unfortunately, it would be impossible to determine the true nature of your recent event based solely on the information in your posting, so you will need to wait until you see your doctor -- someone who knows your medical history and can examine you. If your doctor or cardiologist feels it is clinically important, they can order an "event monitor" where you can record any (future) episodes as an ECG for later review.  The legs are only ONE problem when there are suspected peripheral artery disease. A more critical artery would be the carotids....the two main blood supplies to the brain. The neck Doppler is to make sure the carotids are patent.  I certainly do not know enough about you or your case to pronounce you "well" and free of all cardiac disease. If you are worried about the status of your heart, see a cardiologist and have an ECG taken on a treadmill. If the cardiologist pronounces you heart-healthy then you can be assured that all is well.  I do not believe that your rapid heart rate or "skipped heartbeat" has anything to do with your flu shot two weeks ago. See your medical provider so a real cause can be determined.  You may need a more comprehensive cardiac work-up, so my advice to you would be to see the best internist/cardiologist in your area for some additional tests. I don't know what studies were done in the hospital, but you may need others, perhaps even an angiogram.  No, nasal polyps are inflammatory growths, often related to allergies. I have never heard that they can cause vertigo. This was most likely an incidental findings since you apparently were not having any problems. Allergies can be related to vertigo in some cases, but so can a hundred other things. I am pleased that you are getting a good diagnostic work-up, since vertigo is can be very difficult to evaluate.  Not very long....the effects of this relatively-low dosage will be fading quickly, perhaps in several hours. In the meantime, it is helping to counteract your allergic response, so it is doing its job, side-effects and all. Water will not flush it out of your system....time will do that for you. Niacin has side-effects, but an "allergic reaction" is rare, since this is an essential B vitamin that we all need. I am guessing, but your niacin reaction may not have been truly allergic in nature...read about niacin reactions on the Internet.  You should be just fine with moderate exercise and proper warm-up and stretching beforehand. Keep yourself well-hydrated throughout the day, exercising or not. Dont try anything extra strenuous without talking to your doctor first. And remember not to get overheated! I take 20mg adderall each day and am following a mild-to-moderate exercise regime as suggested by my doctor. I always stay well-hydrated and I slow down when I feel as though I am getting overheated (pre-menopausal). Good luck. PS I'm a nurse too!  Absolutely. Known this from experience.  I suffered from extreme anemia as well. You may want to talk to her doctor about the iron infusions. Those really are of more help than the actual iron supplement.  What a wonderful way to put that :)) Just relax. Mabe a warm shower and a pain pill or muscle relaxer. Don't try to do too much. That's my problem. I tell myself that I'd rather be in pain, than have to lay in bed. Keep the Faith..Sandy  Please stop taking so much aspirin. It will eat the lining of your stomach. Have you been to the doctor or ER? Go if not. Good luck  Me again, adding more symptoms. Whenever these pains occur. I feel them more when I breathe in, or when I try to push myself up/ get up from a lying position. My heartbeat seems steady enough. Leading me to think it might be a muscular/ rib problem?  Please go to your doctor and have them also check for Gerd (heartburn) after ruling out any other heart issues  I am 38 years old when I was 5 until 12 I used to shake, heart would race feel dizzy & some days ven throw up. I did this everyday before school for years. I was so terrified of school & judgement that I had panic attacks. I was so frightened that I became physically ill. See if your 8 year old is scared of something or could be everything. Fear is very powerful. Self esteem plays a part in it. My 9 year old son went through the same thing I took him to see a therapist which was his idea to work through he anxiety. It's very scary for a child and my mother used to say stop and get over it but it wasn't that easy. Talk it over & see what is about to happen when the shaking & rapid heart beat begin! The anticipation o throwing up is not the cause its just the result of her fears. I threw up everyday for years except on weekends. I had panic attacks everyday. I was & still have self esteem issues....always concerned about what others were thinking and saying. Find out what's going on & you will get to the real cause & I'm sure it's not for attention.  Have you been checked for migraines  I am going through the same thing now. I am about 6 weeks, and I went to the er a couple days ago because I am having stomach cramps and lower back pain. They could see the baby, and everything looked fine, but they just couldnt see the heartbeat. They told me not to worry yet, it could just be to early. So i called my obgyn to follow up, and she told me that its perfectly normal to not be able to see anything just yet. She is having me come in around 8-9 weeks and hopefully everything will be fine! So I just wanted to let you know, Im going through the same thing, and I am sure everything will be fine with the both of us :-). *FINGERS CROSSED*  It is possible that you have agoraphobia. That is an abnormal fear of being in open places, and around people. I encourage you to continue seeing a counselor or Dr. And more importantly to try to go outside, even if it is just for 5 minutes. Maybe each day try staying out a little longer each time. Human beings need social interaction. Try finding an old friend that you trust to confide in, if you can. We were not made to be islands.  There is really no way for anyone to answer your question without knowing all of your health history, as your doctor does. Here is some information on . Talk to your parents and your doctor about what needs to be done. We hope you get some relief soon. The WebMD Answers Staff  Unstable angina is a type of chest pain that is considered an acute coronary syndrome. It may be a new symptom or a change from stable angina. It may come more often, occur at rest, or feel more severe. Although this angina can be relieved with oral medications, it is unstable and may progress to a heart attack. Usually medical treatment or a procedure is required in the near future.  Not if your laying on your pillow on that side.  I would recommend seeing a Dr right away. My husband and I both suffer from anxiety and heart palpitations. I have really bad fatigue. I have slept for over 48 hrs and still felt tired. My husband does not have any fatigue. We have never had tightness in our chests except during an anxiety attack but it goes away. From previous experience, if you are having any kind of chest pain, tightness or whatever and it is not getting better. You need to see a Dr right away. There could be something else going on. I wish you the best and I hope that my input helps in someway.  do what the doctor says  The question is what antibiotics can I take or not take with Methadone!!! I don't know what it is. It's not just a cold/flu I was just trying to explain some of the symptoms without listing every little thing!  Can anybody help me?  Go see your doctor and they will set you up with a plan. My dad just ended xanax after years of taking it. The doctor gave him nine days of withdrawal medication. After those stopped it was like stopping cold turkey, he said you feel sick, nausea, diarrhea, and all that. Nothing serious after the withdrawal meds. Talk to your doctor and set up a plan! My dad is 58 and who has heart disease, if he can do it, you can too! Good Luck  First this can cause DEATH. How she made it this far is beyond me. I would do an intervention or help her seek medical help. She is hooked to drugs and alcohol without realizing it.  It never affects me that way and I sometimes take it every night along with other medicines that I have to take.  The pain is similar to angina. The issue is, in your additional information you did not put if it is hot of cold drinks.His esophagus might be inflamed and it's situated right behind your heart. A gastroscopy will find out if his stomach and esophagus are alright and if not you need to be put on a "special diet." Remember to always consult your physician. You can also check out sites: http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/000289.htm http://headtotoe.apta.org/topic/special/ut1638spec/sec1.htm  1. Watch what you eat. 2.Keep in touch with your doctor because there is nothing over the shelf you can take to keep your HDL and vitamin D up. You can take a vitamin supplement; However, it will go straight to your bladder. See, your body makes its own vitamins D as well as other vitamins, and minerals by the food you eat. It is a process. In the meantime, check out these sites: http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/hdl-cholesterol/CL00030 http://www.vitaminddeficiencysymptomsguide.com/symptoms-of-low-vitamin-d-levels/  I have ADHD myself. Most energy drinks have caffeine, and the effect is the same as most stimulants in people with ADHD: it slows them down. I take a B12 vitamin supplement as a pick-me-up when my stimulant medicine isn't enough, and some energy drinks have B12 instead of caffeine. Try V8 Fusion Energy.  I found this information in an article - on the symptoms of heart burn: Many people have different acid reflux-related heartburn triggers, but most people have similar heartburn symptoms. A burning feeling in the chest just behind the breastbone that occurs after eating and lasts a few minutes to several hours. Chest pain, especially after bending over, lying down, or eating. Burning in the throat -- or hot, sour, acidic or salty-tasting fluid at the back of the throat. Difficulty swallowing. Feeling of food "sticking" in the middle of the chest or throat. Heartburn may cause chronic cough, sore throat, or chronic hoarseness. Reporting these symptoms is usually all that is needed for your doctor to make the diagnosis of heartburn. However, your doctor may perform special tests to determine the severity of your problem or to monitor your treatment. Special tests may also be needed if you have unusual symptoms such as weight loss or suffer from the complications of GERD. : http://www.webmd.com/heartburn-gerd/guide/heartburn-symptoms I hope this helps!  Here are the most common Fibromyalgia symptoms:  Medscape.com has a really cool drug interaction checker. You can put in all your drugs and it will tell you if you are likely to have a negative interaction. I hope this helps:    sounds like depression, or do you suffer from MS or any head trauma? If not its sounds like depression, if worse please seek a doctor. It is treatable.  ;what causes high calcium score and is it dangerous  yes  no  yes  I would ask your doctor if it's possible that you have panic disorder. To me it sounds like you're having "baby" panic attacks, but I'm not an expert. I've had panic disorder for about five years, and that is how mine started.  The primary care provider who ordered the blood work-up for you should recommend a neurologist.  Generic Viagra aka Sildenafil. Comes in three different doses.. 25mg, 50mg. and 100mg. You are taking the maximum recommended. And with some facial flushing I would not recommend increasing your dosage. Take it about 1 hour before any sexual activity. There are other side effects if you go over the recommended dosage. Like light headed, and being dizzy. etc,etc. If you are going to think about going over 100mg. Be sure and ask your Dr. that give it to you first.  talk to the ICU doctors. Sounds like your dad's heart isn't pumping blood forward, leading to a back pressure that causes fluid to accumulate in the lung. Bipap delivers oxygen at high pressure to help your dad breathe. It is likely that IF your dad requires it for more that 2 to 3 days, you may be faced with the decision of whether to intubate him or not. Supporting his breathing will help him support him while his heart is trying to recover.  You need to go to the Dr. Drinking tea that contains caffeine can hurt your heart if there's a genetic problem. I saw on Dr. Phil that his Dr. On call app is free and if you get the free app you can talk to a real live Dr. For free till Feb. 28th. Hope this helps.  was on klonopin for 4 years 2 milligram..last week they switched me to xanax, not sure its working yet  Go to the heart.org site and it gives you a chart.  I had similar symptoms and it was concerning enough for my doctor to put me into the hospital to run tests to check if I was having a heart attack. Men and women can have different symptoms when they are having a heart attack. Women in particular can have abdominal pain, nausea, and back pain when they are having a heart attack instead of the "classic" signs! I hope this helps!  coffee or soda can cause the flutter, to much caffeine will cause this.  Thank you for those answers. Turns out, I am not pregnant, just experiencing what the doctor called a hysterical pregnancy. My hormones are crazy and the anxiety was adding to it. But thank you again for the answers!  Thanks Kat. That's what my neurologist said too. They did a cervical MRI and I am just waiting for the results. Is there anything that you do that seems to help?  lack of oxygen in the artery blood.  ask about alprazolam 0.25 mg oral tabs  it depends  the first lab-tab sound is your dystolic, you then listen untill the last lab-tab sound, which is your systolic  No a doctor should not put you on any medication without see you, cause it could be harmful or make matters worse  YES  One that does not move or can be sustained by rest.  My daughter throws up every time she has to go to the doctors. As far as I can tell, she is getting herself worked up and anxious and that is what is causing her to feel nauseas. Anxiety can cause the body to do a lot of odd things. I myself used to get agonizing stomach cramps for no apparent reason and every time I would get to the doctors to figure out what was, it would disappear. Seems it was anxiety caused by extreme stress.  I have never heard of back pain causing heart problems. If you are having that much problems, I am surprised the doctors haven't tried to make you more comfortable and done X-Rays on your back.. Also a chiropractor can help with that if you are out of alignment...Better than drugs!  what causes kidney stones  I believe that what is going on is called premental pausally syndrome  this could be psycogenic with her going through menopause .. but doctors should also have some lung investigation.. some lung disorders cause pain that's radiated to the abdomen  yes  You might have scolioisis. That is a symptom where your spine curves to one side at a certain angle. I had it for 3 years and had to wear a brace. It can cause pain.  Did you ever figure out what was causing your problems? I have the exact same issues and docs can't find anything. I've had blood work ups, stress test, ekg, echo, and even some gastro work ups.  Well update; my heart Dr ordered a ehco tomm and stress test Thursday, as I have surgery , Aug.6th,2013. If I have, v-tac the Dr seems not to switch my atenolol. I'm scared to get surgery next week, but my cervical spines crushing my spinal cord, scarey a 3 hour surgery with heart problems. Seems after 2 different heart doctors no answer yet.. I'm tired of laying down my heart pounds, eating makes it pound so hard making it scarey to eat normal small meals even.. I wish it would all go away as it affects my health the pounding heart which gives my panic and anexity attacks 3-6 times a day.I will update again Thursday as to my tests results, once these tests are done my heart doctors to okay my for surgery...I have no clue at this point what to request my heart doctor to test for or look for.. Thanks for all the answers.  nonrejection  if it's recommended  The same thing happened to me. I thought I was having heart issues, but all the tests came back negative. It was determined that it was anxiety. A prescription of Xanax was all I needed. I still have flare-ups of anxiety from time to time, so I simply take the Xanax as needed.  That could possibly be HYPER-thyroidism. Can be treated, your doctor is doing the best thing by retesting. If you could fast for the test, that probably would be best. Good Luck  yes he can, if it's in the lungs it won't bother the heart, unless he is allergic to penicillin then i would suggest a different antibiotic. i could be wrong but ask your family doctor before doing so. just for a back up answer.  I have chest pain all the time and they ran some test and found out that I have severe gastritis and a spasm esophagus.You might what to have that checked. They told me that when my esophagus spasms that it could feel like I am having a heart attack.  i would go and have it checked out with your past family history.  You need to visit a Gastroenterologist to classify what type of disease you have this may be a serious Gastrointestinal disease.  My best advice is one go get the heart murmur test done and do some research to find out if anyone in your family either have or died from a heart condition. And also find out if anyone has asthma in your family.  absolutely not some one who has a heart rate like that likely has high blood pressure which causes hypertension. Go get a stress test done along with chest x-ray  I am not a cocaine user even once ,so I do not concern about its effect.  I would definitely look into and have re-tested by the Endorinologist. I have dealt with unexplained pain, fatigue, weight gain, Asthma symptoms (Asthma Meds did not help)and many other symptoms and doctors were unable to come up with a diagnosis .Thyroid tested fine, etc. I did find out that I have GERD (this is due to vagus stomach nerve not working), but none of the meds I tried seemed to help w/those symptoms either. My diet doctor tested my thyroid function, and found it to be a little low. She prescribed a 1/4 grain of NatureThroid daily and the difference in my joint pain alone is amazing. She also prescribed Phentermine, which not only helps me lose weight but seems to work in conjunction with Thyroid Med. My symptoms of fibro get even better when I am taking both of them. I wake up feeling refreshed, I don't have trouble walking due to aching joints. I used to get so tired I would stutter and forget what I was talking about mid-sentence. Even my stomach problems have all but disappeared! Do the research, there are many sites and support groups for Fibromyalgia online. I would also look into symptoms of low thyroid- mine was not that low and was causing lots of havoc. Also, I think finding the right type of Doctor (for ex-my Diet Doctor deals with thyroid problems daily, and therefore is more knowledgeable) is key. I would get as much info as I could regarding my symptoms so as to be better able to paint a clearer picture of what is going on to the Endocrinologist you are going to see.  Your friend requires consultation with a nutritionist. The kidneys and pancreas are directly related to metabolism, utilization and excretion of food/nutrient. Only a nutritionist can map out what your friend needs (which is a very individualized per person). It can be harmful to your friend's health if she or he gets too much or too little of particular nutrients. Linda  panic disorder see a psycologist  no heart patient can take viagra i am sorry to say i am heart patient as well.  have u tryed applying for ssi and medicade and telling them that is a emergency fist u need to find a gi doctor because i had that problem and couldnt swollow i have a hernia in my throat so thats what i can offer is my addivce to u.good luck.  Hi. I had a similar experience when i was pregnant with my daughter. I went to the hospital for cramping/lower back pain. They saw the yolk sac but no baby or heart beat. I went to my OB/Gyn 2 weeks later and They said that the fetus won't have a heartbeat until the 8-9 week mark. and by then movement may also be seen. Needless to say My daughter is now 6 months old and very healthy! Don't worry. I am Sure your baby is fine! Congratulations!  the answer will always be the same: Ice for the first 3 days then ice and heat (switching) for about a week. if the pain doesn't go down, see a doctor. It might feel nice to keep your arm in one position but make sure that you keep up mobility so that you don't lose any. I AM NOT A DOCTOR, NOR DO I PLAY ONE ON TV BUT I'M GETTING PRETTY GOOD AT STUDYING MEDICINE  I have personally had anxiety attacks before... They definitely feel physical the way you described. And when I had one, I was so scared and nervous that it caused my heartbeat to go racing like that. The feeling of being trapped is exactly what an anxiety attack feels like. When I got mine, I always felt I had to leave whatever building I was in, to get fresh air. My therapist recommended that I not try to give in to my feelings of needing escape because that would only feed my anxiety and cause it to build. He recommended exercise to help ease the stress and tension in my life. A good outlet for anxiety.  I sometimes get headaches with my high blood pressure, but never noticed heartburn. I'm also going through menopause, which can also cause headaches. Excedrin migraine always helps me. Hope this helps!  Seek medical attention. If it feels hot, it may be infected.  premature ventricular contractions. your ventricles are contracting a tad earlier than they should. its common.  Would she be anxious or nervous about something lately? Some incident, household or family issues could be making her very anxious leading to the fast heartbeat and throw up feeling. Or it could also be a serious health condition that I believe she should be checked right away by a pediatric doctor.  it could be costochondritis which is difficult to diagnose- it isn't life threatening, just annoying.  if it did, you'd be dead, so I think it's safe to say, "No, it doesn't."  Yes you can have heart problems and still have good blood pressure  Hi. I'm assuming that you're asking if it's normal for a doctor to put you on the meds for hbp if he's not seen you before, so that's what I will attempt to address here. First, it is good that you're asking this question. Many, these days, just take whatever they're prescribing, and I believe, are all-too-trusting of the medical community. So, good for you. To begin with, it would depend upon what medical records the physician is reviewing from your previous physician. Does he have a few years' at least, right in front of him? Has he spoken with you regarding your recent history as far as those numbers are concerned, or just coming in and looking at your chart/stats from your triage upon arrival that day? The reason I ask is this: unfortunately, I have had the very same thing happen to me. While I cannot advise you to do what I did, (as I am not a physician, but just a fairly frequently ill person who's had a lot of experience involving many areas of medicine), I will tell you that this physician did NOT have previous records, and did NOT ask me if I had a history of hbp, but rather just TOLD me that based on the ONE Reading from that appointment, I did have hbp, and prescribed meds. That was not, in my humble opinion, the proper way to arrive at a diagnosis which was firm enough to warrant the prescribing of medication. Needless to say, I did not take it. I do not have hbp - as a matter of fact, I was diagnosed years ago with Orthostatic Hypotension, and have always had a bp that hovered right around 110/76. I am a victim of "white coat syndrome", as some call it, which is a state of TEMPORARY hbp which occurs often at even the thought of, but definitely during medical tests, such as blood work MRI, or even just having your pressure checked. I've been that way for years. I know it's fairly common, also, as I asked the same question you have asked when I saw this doctor. As a matter of fact, since I've seen one doctor or another much more frequently than the average person (I have fibromyalgia and many spinal/neuropathic issues, and Diabetes Type II, to name a few), I have actually been told I have hbp by several different practitioners, that I need to change my diet, etc., during triage for "sick" appointments with my PA, or the ER staff, when all they have is that one reading from when I was sick, miserable, and in pain. Not a "normal" reading. DUH. Also, this has still occurred after changing my diet and adding more "appropriate for my disabilites" exercises, and losing quite a bit of weight (which I gained over a brief period after relocating to the state my aging parents had moved to). I was not able to get out and walk, in addition to my mom's great home cooking being around me all the time. I don't want this to seem like a "doc bashing session", because I have a great deal of respect and appreciation for the majority of those who've invested their time, money and energy into earning that license, and I believe that many of them have their hearts in the right places. However, there are still some who think that we all fit into some little box, a "textbook example/mold", and will try to cram us into one or the other, and not look for an "out-of-the-box" explanation for what ails us. Then, there are the ones who feel that any woman with complaints/questions is just "hysterical", and doesn't know what's good for her, needing them to "fix" it with a little pill. Add that to the constant pressure from big Pharma on physicians to prescribe their "little ...... pills", and on the consumer to ask for them, and you've got a pretty precarious situation. If you're not vigilant, I believe, the continuing trend towards counting on a pill to fix everything can be your doing-in. Like I said - I cannot give medical advice, but I would suggest to you as a fellow seeker-of-truth, and medical consumer/fellow human being, please get a second opinion if you have any doubts regarding this diagnosis and prescription, BEFORE TAKING THIS MEDICATION. While untamed bp over a long period can definitely damage blood vessels, heart, and other organs, cause heart attack and stroke, the taking of medications to treat a non-issue in this area can also cause significant ill-effects (to put it mildly). I hope this helps you, and I wish you the best in your continued search for the truth regarding your "diagnosis". Blessings!  Also... The recent symptons are.... I stay healthy. I run, bike and eat healthy. I can't even go running or biking anymore without almost collapsing. I live in Phoenix. The longer I run or bike, the colder my body becomes. I mean like ice cold. Other people have felt my body coming in doors after doing this and they are shocked at how cold I feel. AND - the coldness moves around. On my back, will be on left are, then left are warm, then right arm frozen etc My doctors are at a loss. I can't handle this anymore. Please help.  You need to see your doctor. The pain is most likely musculoskeletal pain caused by the MVA, which can be from hitting your chest on something, or by muscle spasms. BUT in saying that, without being able to examine you, there's no way for me to definitively say that its simply from the MVA. ANY time someone has chest pain, no matter for how long, they should always see their doctor right away.  no  Not an expert on this but I would imagine a heart stint being occluded would be the same as a blocked coronary artery. Diminished blood flow to the heart muscle, is equal to a myocardial infarction or heart attack. It's serious and you'd need either a nuclear stress test or better, a heart cath to confirm it. You don't wanna fool around with this. Once the heart muscle is deprived of blood, it dies and you don't get it back. I did read a while back that stints are not forever and will eventually re-occlude. Hope this helps.  A PE Pulmonary Embolism is probably resolved by now, with the use of Coumadin. You'd know if it wasn't. You'd be dead. It's probably something else. The blood test D-dimer is a blood test which is a marker for a desolving clot. In my opinion you have another pathology that's restricting blood flow to your brain. I'd advise to have a CTA of the brain/neck to diagnosis a plaque deposit in the carotid arteries. Don't know your age??? I'd also advise a nuclear stress test or a heart cath. This is to rule out heart muscle disease. Lightheadedness has a bunch of possibilities. Almost as many as headaches or abdominal pain. Start at the most common causes and work your way back to the most obscure. It could be as simple as panic attacks or as obscure as a some congenital defect. Probably something in between. An EKG is usually resting. You need a stress test. Heart tests are more accurate under stress.  Definitely sounds like anxiety. I have anxiety and sometimes have constant heart palpitations from it. Check your sugar intake. Are you eating properly. Not having too much caffeine. Check your potassium levels too. All those could be effecting your heart rate as well.  Thanks for your question it's an interesting topic. I just read a new study regarding numbness in different areas of the body. The study said that all through the spine there are small nerves that are connected to every part of the body. Sometimes when you're stressed,don't feel good, or your spine is misalinged even slightly,it can make those nerves fire off and cause numbness in the part of the body the nerves are connected to. Your friend doesn't automatically have Neuromotor Disease or anything serious like that. She just needs to start with a chiropractic consultation who if need be can refer her to a spine specialist if it is indeed the nerves in the spine firing off. I hope this helps in anyway,at least so you or she can know where to start looking at.  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  Sounds like a panic attack, I get those too.  some medications like proton pump inhibitors can cause an increased heart rate though.  No youre fine. Probably just pregnant.  My son is Eleven years old. When He was 9 years old, He did experience some pain in joints. Specially in his knees. It swelled sometimes. We did test him for Uric acid and some other test and He is diagnosed with rheumatic fever. This is what the Doctor explained to us. It is a good thing that he was diagnosed early and it medication can still protect his heart. He is given a vial of Benzathine Penicillin (zalpen) 1.2 million IU every 14 days. and we do also some 2d echo every year and his heart is still okey. He will stop his vial injection when he will reached 21 years old. Our Doctor guarantee us that his heart will be safe if only we will not miss some of his vial injection.  I dont know for sure but i have GERD and it causes my heart rate elevate.  Many things it sounds like anxiety,but i would check with your PCP  Yes most definately if the person is obese a range of health problems are inevetible the most common is fatty liver disease which is the number one cause o liver failure also,it can cause heart problems and many othe serious health issues.  i have the same problem plus when i get up or move at night cant breath when lie down on my back cardiologist ran tests and i have pulmonary hypertension would see a cardiologist i am glad i did  better to waste someones time than your life go see someone  Hi! I had the Ablation done in april of 2007. When they have you on the operating table after the ablation proceedure is complete they try to put your heart in the same circumstances that was causeing the AFib. mainly to see if they were sucessful in the proceedure. I was told that since I am so young having this problem that there was a good chance that it may start up again. I would play it safe unless your heart surgen says different. It is always best to give ear to the one who did the surgery. as he would know best for you. It's been 5 years and I am back on a heart monitor for the AFib. Starting to have problems all over again. But that is my case wich you have to concider that we are all different. So Check with your surgeon and see what he thinks would be a reasonable time span for healing.  i had some of the same symptoms was told it was stress was started on a beta blocker called atenolol chest discomfort went away pounding in chest went away blood pressure fine most of the time  My 3 year old grandson has had something similar for about a year. He has a sensitive gag reflex. Even swallowing saliva can do it to him. 8 though is rather old because the doctor said he will outgrow it by 5.  whatare the side affects for stopping birth control pill,after 30yrs im now 50..i stopped them mth ago,,i have racing heart ,,sweating ,fatigue,..feeling down..is this all because my estrogen levels are low through stopping pill,,plus if i wasnt on pill my age 50,,i wouldnt have much estogen left..so is this why my symptoms bad..HELPPPPPPPPP PLZZ  Did they give him pain or antibiotic medications? See if the symptoms started the same time he started the pain meds or any other meds they may have given, he could be having an allergic reaction. The best and safest bet is to call his surgeon immediately or just take to the hospital and have the take a look right away. He good be developing an infecton as well. Good luck and God Bless.  I would not to error on the side of caution. I just copied this from the PDR (Physian's Desk Reference) " Risk of Fetal Harm - Benzodiazepines can potentially cause fetal harm when administered to pregnant women." So, I hope this helps answer your question. Good luck and be safe. I hope you get the answer that you want at the Docter's tomorrow.  No, you should not. They both can be harmful to the baby. If you can try drinking some Chamomile Sleeptime tea, take a hot bath, meditate, anything that is relaxing and soothing. I also have axiety and there have been time I have had to go without my meds..... it is wicked hard and I have a 10 year old son to boot! I love him to my soul, but there are those days. I found this is what helps me. If I ask my parents to take my son for the afternoon, make a VERY large cup of Chamomile tea, make sure it's the Sleeptime, take a hot bath, then go crawl in bed and put my favorate radio station on very low, just sing the songs ...... then I can get through it. Well, thats what works or me. If even trying to get through my lenghty process takes your mind off what your triggers are until you can get through the day, then what is the harm?..... nothing to that baby! Aha!!!! Good luck and Congrats on your little bundle of JOY!!!  It is a shame that he had so many bypasses  Have her doctor check her for VERTIGO or see a neurologist.  It could take a little bit. your cardiologist has to find the right combination and strength of meds you need. took mine about 8 to 12 weeks. I'm now on Lasix 80 mg daily and pottasuim 20 meq 2 times daily. They might have you weigh yourself daily and take so much depending on weight gain over night Good luck !! prayers are with you AND you can do this !!!  Hello I want to help you because family is everything to me, and with that being said, you should monitor your daughter's heart rate very vigorously because another underlying issue could be at play here, I would only give it 2 more days top's before you take her to the Emergency Room, and I hope it doesn't come to this. Always stay calm around your daughter because you don't want her to have anxiety over the whole thing. Which in turn will make the heart beat much faster. Monitor her heart rate every hour for 24 hours and keep a log of it to get a baseline reading to show if her symptoms are getting any better, but in that 24 hours if the heart takes a ridiculous spike and she has any pain in the chest area, stay calm then take her directly to the hospital or call 911. You also said her heart rate spiked during light activity.This bother's me so make sure she rest's the whole 24 hours while monitoring your precious little girl to get accurate readings. Sometimes this will clear up in a matter of day's, but like I said earlier give it 2 more days top's with her resting the whole time and if it's not getting any better you know to call 911 or take her to the hospital immediately. I know being her father it's hard on you but don't worry she will be okay always have faith in the lord and everything will be just fine. I hope this helped and I hope your daughter transitions into a smooth recovery very soon.  Well that could be poor circulation, not stretching enough or dehydration. Make sure that you are well hydrated because when you become dehydrated, your limbs can start to feel cold and numb. Also, stretching your calf is very important. Just take a few extra minutes to stretch it like this: Go to a wall and press the toes and balls of your feet against the wall while the end part of your heel remains on the ground. Push your body toward the wall and you should feel the stretch on your calf. If none of this helps, it could be a circulation problem, so you should see a doctor. I had the same thing happening and the stretching and hydrating made it go away.  Make sure that you are; sleeping enough eating properly moderate exercise get check-up from dr. You may also need vitamins  ptsd probably i am on prazosin and xanax for it.  no  