  Doctor said he was only given one injection. Follow up with pain medicine Meloxicam tablets. Possible osteoarthritis  Having difficulty getting the answer to the question previous asked.  Afraid because the skin color has change because I was told the effects are different between white than blacks. My skin color in hand looks as the medicine is under lying the skin  Don't know  Since most vaccines are either free or relatively inexspensive I would get the shot. According to the info you gave you are in a high risk- so I WOULD get the vaccine. It could very well be the only way to prevent getting the virus.    Testosterone is the major male hormone. There are three different types of blood tests that can be used to measure testosterone levels. So the first step in understanding your level is to find out which test was used and the normal range for men in your age group. Total testosterone is the most common test used. It measures all the testosterone in your blood. A typical range for men over 19 is 240-950 ng/dL, but the results vary depending on the lab used. You can also measure free testosterone. Free testosterone is a measure of the testosterone that is not bound to proteins in the blood. A typical range for men is 9-30 ng/dL. Obesity affects the level of sex hormone binding proteins so your doctor may order a free testosterone level if you are obese. Historically, it was thought that only free testosterone was able to exert hormonal effects. We now know that testosterone bound to the protein, albumin, can also exert effects. Bioavailable testosterone measures this level. Bioavailable testosterone varies depending on the age of the man. For a man in his 20s the normal range of bioavailable testosterone would be 83-257 ng/dL, but for a man in his 60s, it would be 40-168 ng/dL. Normal ranges differ depending on the laboratory used so be sure to discuss with your doctor what is the appropriate normal range for the lab where the test was done. If your testosterone level is low, it is important to re-test the level to determine if a lab error or just a daily variation has occurred. The amount of testosterone varies at different times of the day so this is a blood test that needs to be repeated before making medical decisions. It is always important to make sure lab tests correlates with your symptoms. Low testosterone levels in men causes decreased sexual desire, erectile dysfunction, and infertility. However, testosterone also has other important functions. It affects behavior, muscle mass, and bone density. Therefore a man with low testosterone can develop osteoporosis. Finally in understanding testosterone levels, your doctor needs to determine whether the root of the problem is a result of a problem in the testicles, where testosterone is produced, or if there is a problem in the part of the brain that controls the production of testosterone. Measuring LH and FSH, hormones produced in the pituitary of the brain, will help make that distinction. Once this information is available, your doctor can decide how you need to be treated. Testosterone replacement in the form of a patch, gel, or injection is usually given. But as with all medications, there are cautions. Testosterone can increase the size of the prostate and may cause worsening symptoms in men with benign prostatic hypertrophy and aggravate prostate cancer. So talk with your doctor to understand your test and his concerns.  The best time to eat after taking insulin depends on three major factors. First the type of insulin you are taking, the type of food you are eating, and your current blood glucose level.  MAM OR SIR?. THERE IS NO WAY I PERSONALLY WOULD NOT GIVE MY CHILD ANY TYPE OF PRODUCT USED ON A ANIMAL. START READIING YOUR BIBLE PLEASE. IN THESE DAYS THE GOVERNMENT IS MIXING HUMAN DNA WITH ANIMALS TO GIVE HUMANS A LONGER LIFE SPAN WHICH GOD HAS FORWARNED EVERYONE THAT BEIEVES AND READ HIS OWN WORD'S IT'S THE HONEST TO GOD'S TRUTH . WHY WOULD YOU EVEN CONSIDER GIVING YOUR CHILD A PRODUCT THAT HELP A PIG DO THINK THAT WOULD BE OK FOR A CHILD? NOW REMEMBER A PIG IS SWINE & THE FILTHEST OF ALL ANIMALS, THAT EAT SLOP,FESEES BUGS, MAGGOT'S YOU NAME ANY TYPE OF FILTH THE PIG WILL AND DO EAT DO YOU NOT LOVE YOUR CHILD? WELL THEN DON'T EVEN CONSIDER THAT TO BE AN ALTERNATIVE PLEASE, FOR YOUR CHILDS HEALTH. THERE IS IRON SUPPLEMENT THAT IS REALLY GREAT U HAVE GOT TO GET A PRESCRIBTION FROM YOUR DOCTOR. CAN'T REMEMBER THE EXACT NAME IT COMES IN A SMALL BOTTLE WITH A CAP TUB, TO GIVE YOU AN IDEA OF HOW MUCH TO ADMINISTER TO A CHILD. THANK YOU,. MS. BABYRED1958. I AM TRULLY A CHILD OF THE MOST HIGHEST ALMIGHTY GOD. GOD IS MY COMFORTER WHEN I FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE,HE IS MY EARS WHEN I NEED SOMEONE TO TALK WITH,HE IS MY LISTENER WHEN I NEED SOMEONE TO HEAR WHAT I NEED TO SAY, HE IS MY EYE'S WHEN I CANT SEE ,HE IS MY JOY WHEN THERE JUST SEEM TO BE NOTHIG TO SMILE ABOUT,HE IS MY HEALER BEFORE ANY DOCTOR GIVES ME PRESCRIBTION. AND THROUGH MY FAITH HE WILL ALWAY'S BE WITH ME WHEN MAN SAY'S NOTHING THAT COMES FROM HIS MOUTH. THROUGH GOD ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE. BUT THROUGH MAN EVEYTHING WILL BE IMPOSSIBLE FOR HIM WITHOUT THE POSSILE FATHER WHO GAVE US LIFE FROM THE BEGINNING,MAN CANNOT DO NOTHIG NOTHIG . TO THE END..WITH MAN HE HAS NO CLUE TO WHERE THE END IS WHATSOEVER. AND MAY GOD BLESS YOU & YOUR FAMILY.I HOPE MY WORD'S HAVE GIVEN YOU A ANSWER  Hello Dr, I think I need to give you a little more information. 9 days ago I went to the ER at 3AM because of pain in my ear. They said I had a middle ear infection and prescribed me Augmentin. That didn't work so well, so I went to my doctor yesterday morning and she gave me the injection and said that I had a middle and inner ear infection. She called the eardrops into the pharmacy in case the injection didnt work. She also gave me a nasal spray (NASACORT) and Zyrtec. I am just wondering how long I should wait for this injection to work before I go grab these drops  Anytime that you receive general anesthesia is a time for caution to be exercised. There was no available medical studies showing a contraindication to receiving epidural steroidal injections if you have diverticulosis. There are some anecdotal accountings by individuals claiming that that they experienced negative G.I. events following the procedure. Some other reported side effects from the epidural injections include the following: Fluid retention, edema, sodium retention; I had the epidural injection series completed a number of time in a hospital setting under general anesthesia and never had a problem. I had GERD, but not diverticulosis. Immediately prior to the procedure, I was always interviewed by the anesthesiologist or their representative. I recommend that you disclose the diverticulosis condition to the treatment team prior to the procedure occurring. If your diverticulosis is under control and you just have some discomfort every once in a while, the procedure should be safe.  It may be possible, but it is unlikely that the flu vaccine caused an elevation in your blood pressure. According to the CDC, the following potential side effects can present themselves after being administered the flu vaccine: Redness and soreness at the injection site; Low grade fever; and Aches. It is a positive step to routinely monitor your blood pressure. The 150/95 reading would fall into the marginally high range and should be confirmed by a medical professional over the course of 2-3 office visits. Until you see the doctor, I would take my blood pressure every other day at different locations, and at different times of the day. Record the data and what your activities were engaged in prior to the blood pressure testing. With this technique, you'll account for a defective machine and different activities, and different times of the day which can influence the reading. Show your journal of activities and B/P readings to your doctor in order to gleam patterns associated with your B/P numbers.   Testosterone replacement therapy is typically prescribed to men whose bodies are not producing sufficient levels of the hormone. Treatment is closely monitored and its efficacy measured . Typically treatment continues with additional intramuscular injections being given at 2 week intervals. Medical protocol dictates that dosage titration by the prescribing doctor occurs based upon the serum testosterone level results reported by the lab. Future injections will typically continue at the same dosage; the dosage may be increased for continuing low testosterone levels or decreased if the levels are out of range on the high end. Why has your treatment ended? As with just about every medication on the market, there are benefits and risks associated with its administration. Yes, there are reports of testosterone causing heart abnormities, stroke conditions, cancer, and other disturbances. But the beneficial tradeoffs may include creation of additional muscle mass, more interest in sex, improved physical stamina, and a better mental disposition. Some studies have even concluded that men who are given testosterone actually live longer than those men who are not treated. The bottom line is that you and your doctor should make a decision on starting and continuing testosterone therapy based upon your unique needs. Strong consideration must be given as to whether the possible risks and side effects of testosterone replacement treatment are outweighed by the possible therapeutic benefits. The following inserted web link is an article located on WebMD to help you in making a testosterone replacement therapy decision: http://www.webmd.com/men/features/low-testosterone-therapy-risks-benefits I personally lean towards your continuation of testosterone treatment. In this case, I strongly believe that the physiological and psychological rewards trump over the possible side effects.  I was on Depo for a total of one year. When I stopped the shot, I gained 100 pounds within the course of a year. Also, the shot stopped my cycles (which I was told about), but when they finally started back up I bleed nonstop for 97 days. The doctor wouldn't do anything because it was all of the uterine buildup I had from not having a cycle for a bit over a year. The weight gain is normal, and it will get worse. The mood swings come and go with most birth control methods. If you HAVE to be on birth control, get an IUD. Paragard is better because it's hormone FREE. Mirena is involved in a lawsuit, and it has hormones. Good luck, and I hope you can find out more. :) Oh, and it took me six years to conceive my first child after stopping Depo.  Testosterone can cause pain at the injection site and other symptoms but it's not injected into the penis. Peyronie's disease is a condition that leads to deformities of the shaft of the penis. A curved penis or lumps/nodules along the shaft is often what is seen on exam. And so you may want to see your urologist. It's more common that you think. Men who don't engage in sex may not realize that the deformities/lumps exist since this is often not seen in a flaccid penis. In some men this condition can cause pain, difficulty with sex and erectile dysfunction. While genetics and trauma have some association to Peyronie's disease the exact cause of this condition is not known. There are medications to treat the symptoms associated with the condition. These include medications or surgery in severe cases.  Thats why you talked to your doctor before you got the shot, right? Thats what they do to you. lol  No, it's never too late! It is the best time to get it, but you can get it when ever you feel the need to.  The shot is better btw. Pills make it worse, because it gives you "pregnancy" symptoms, they make your body feel like it's preg so that you dont get preg. I think that the shot is waaaay better if you dont wanna get preg. But i heard that the mood swings stop after awhile you've been on it, the best thing you should do is talk to your doc. or whoever/wherever you got the shot and talk to someone about the depression, the shot & pill couldve made it worse. I was on both of them and stopped because i hated it! I have depression, anxiety, and anger probs. They made it worse for me. Hopes this helps though.  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  Whomever gave the shot most likely gave the shot in the fat of the arm instead of the muscle.  Package Inserts (PI's) can usually be found online and are available for anyone's review. There are no secrets... Before choosing against the CDC/AAP recommended schedule, however, I would recommend that you consult with your pediatrician. I wouldn't personally recommend the alternative schedule for several reasons including the schedule is based on faulty premises, prolongs the time it takes to protect your baby to develop immunity to vaccine-preventable diseases, increases the number of times you have to take a "healthy" baby into a medical office with other sick kids and increases the number of times your baby needs to get poked. My experience is that most parents who drag out the schedule have babies who really resent coming into the doctors office because they are there so often to get poked. In the end, most parents have reflected back and wondered why they didn't just do the standard schedule. I know this can be a challenging decision for you, but hopefully your doctor can be of help.  A medically induced coma is when a patient receives a controlled dose of an anesthetic, typically propofol, pentobarbital or thiopental, to cause a temporary coma or a deep state of unconsciousness. This type of coma is used to protect the brain from swelling by reducing the metabolic rate of brain tissue, as well as the cerebral blood flow. Throughout a medically induced coma, a patients critical life functions are constantly monitored by an anesthesiologist or other physician in a critical care setting only.  It's true that for everybody, your lips do flatten and become thinner over time. Some people never have big lips, and so they will notice it more and maybe at an earlier age. Injections are one of the main ways to add volume back, but for people who don't want volume that way, there are some lip liners that you can use and some lip plumpers that help a little bit. Most of these work by causing some irritation that increases blood supply, that gives a temporary effect of fullness. For some people that works fine and otherwise it can be irritating. So there isn't that much that you can do. But you might be able to just work with a good lip gloss or a lip liner to add the appearance of volume. The other thing to think about is your teeth, because your teeth is what supports your lip. If your teeth are in or pointing in, or if you lose volume in terms of bone around the mouth, that can also cause your lip to flatten and look thinner over time. So just getting something as simple as veneers can help invert your lip and give you great support of your lips and make a very big difference without doing any injections at all.  It's really important to have an aesthetic physician, which would be a dermatologist or a plastic surgeon to do these techniques and these treatments in order to have the most natural lasting results. These are treatments that are very technique sensitive. We have great ingredients. But they have to be done in the proper way, in the proper plane of the skin, so sometimes it's more superficial and sometimes it's deeper in the skin. We used different products for different parts of the face. So it is really important to see a doctor that you feel comfortable with to do these injections for you.  As dermatologists and plastic surgeons we do a lot of treatments to help rejuvenate the hands. I find that besides the eyes, the hands really can give away age very readily. So while we can make the face look so much better, if you don't also treat the hands, that can give things away. So besides lasers, we can use dermal fillers to actually plump up and rejuvenate the skin of the hands in a very safe and effective way. Ask you dermatologist or plastic surgeon if they are comfortable with this procedure, and they will tell you if that's something that would be appropriate for you.  Well, dermal fillers can add somewhat of a cushion, but this would be a very special small population that would really truly benefit from this. Chances are you need to wear less of those heels, which I also love. I mean, I get it, we are women, we like to wear those shoes. But sometimes we really have to balance and wear a greater variety of shoes to eliminate that problem, or to see a neurologist to see if there is an underlying problem with the foot that's causing that pain. Dermal fillers in that area generally don't last very long because of the pressure on the foot over time, it would wear off very quickly. So for the amount of money it would take to have that result, you would have to do it too much over time, and I don't think it's very cost effective.  OMG NO, NO Go see your Doctor immediately, LIKE NOW !!!!  I'm sorry to hear you're dealing with this. As a plastic and reconstructive surgery nurse, I've worked with many hidradenitis patients, so I understand how painful and embarrassing it can be. I'm afraid, in general, I don't have good news for you. is a difficult, insidious disease. It basically is an infection of the apocrine sweat glands and only occurs where these glands are located in the skin: the armpits, groin, perineal area, perianal area, and areola (area around the nipple). Hidradenitis in not curable. In general, patients go through mild outbreaks that are treated with antibiotics or other therapies. In my experience, hidradenitis almost always recurs, however. The only permanent solution to the problem is surgery. Surgery is usually reserved for intractable cases where the lesions won't heal and stay open and oozing for weeks or even months. I'm not sure what your doctor is planning to inject you with. Botox (botulinum toxin) is not indicated for hidradenitis, and there's no evidence it would be useful. Botox is used to treat excessive sweating, which is called . It's possible your doctor is planning to inject corticosteroids into the lesions because this is a fairly common treatment when the disease is in the milder stage. In general, hidradenitis patients should focus on keeping the apocrine gland areas very clean with gentle, daily washing using an antibacterial cleanser and cleansing only with bare fingers. It's helpful to avoid any sort of skin trauma in susceptible areas, and even washing with a washcloth can possibly trigger an outbreak. I wish you all the best with this condition.  This is a good question. Most people associate botulinum toxin (one common brand is BOTOX) with celebrities and cosmetic wrinkle reduction. However, botulinum toxin serves real medical purposes, too, and one of them is pain relief. (Here is an article about botulinum toxin injections to .) Botulinum toxin is a powerful muscle relaxant. In general, it takes five to seven days for botulinum toxin to fully take effect. It's definitely not a product that takes effect instantly. Since you only received your injections two days ago, I'd advise you wait at least another week to allow the medication to work. You don't say what type of pain you got BOTOX injections for. You need to know that botulinum toxin for pain relief doesn't work in all people. And in some people, it only works after receiving several rounds of injections (usually about three months apart). Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this, but it sounds like you're receiving appropriate treatment for your . In answer to your question, there is some evidence that are effective in helping treat conditions like AMD. Lutein, specifically, has been studied for its effectiveness in macular degeneration, though results are still considered inconclusive. This is simply because enough studies have not been done. If your ophthalmologist (eye doctor) has recommended you take a specific vitamin supplement for your eyes, then I suggest you follow this recommendation. If your sight is failing due to AMD, you want to take every opportunity to stop the disease in its tracks. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're having pain problems with your hips. It sounds very unpleasant! To answer your question, most infections in the body cause . In fact, fever often is the first sign of an infection brewing somewhere. Other signs and symptoms of infection anywhere in the body include an elevated white blood cell (WBC) count, localized pain, and foul-smelling drainage -- among other things. The bursae (plural of bursa) are leathery sacs located near the joints. These sacs produce fluid to lubricate the joints. An infected bursa probably would be diagnosed via aspiration, in which a small needle is inserted into the bursa sac and fluid withdrawn. This fluid can be cultured to determine if it contains infection-causing bacteria. It's important to note that is not an infection, per se. The suffix "-itis" means "inflamed." Thus, "bursitis" simply means an inflamed bursa, not necessarily an infected one. Many things can cause a hip bursa to become inflamed, including trauma (falling and tearing or injuring the bursa sac) and chronic irritation (such as sleeping on your side). Bursitis can be difficult to cure. If you have reason to believe one of your hip bursae is infected, please discuss your concerns with your pain management doctor. He can best address this issue and take appropriate steps. Wishing you well!  Any time someone tells me they feel "pain and pressure in the chest," I advise them to seek emergency medical treatment. Although it's unusual for pain to radiate down the right arm, it's not unheard of. Also, from men. Because your wife has had more than one episode of this chest pain recently, she should not delay in seeking a medical evaluation. A simple EKG test can tell her if this is a heart issue or if it's asthma-related. Please do not delay seeking a diagnosis of what is causing your wife's symptoms. Hope this helps!  Your best bet is to call your dentist to find out if he or she is comfortable with your plan. In terms of bleeding or anything like that, though, taking would not be a problem because it does not contain any blood-thinning medication. Many dentists in fact advise self-medicating with a pain reliever or anti-anxiety medication before a dental visit, so your dentist may not have a problem with your taking hydrocodone before a visit. But you'll only find out by asking. If you decide to take hydrocodone before your dental visit, be sure to disclose this to the dentist, especially if he or she then prescribes you another narcotic pain reliever. You never want to mix two narcotic pain relievers! Wishing you all the best!  Sorry you're dealing with this. I definitely would have these new symptoms checked out. There may be some cause/effect between the strep and the swollen, painful joints, or you may have developed something else entirely. At any rate, the sudden onset of the symptoms you describe in an otherwise healthy, young female is reason enough to seek medical care right away. Your best bet is to return to the urgent care facility where you received the strep test and injection because they'll have your medical records at hand. Normally, I wouldn't advise someone who believes they have strep throat to seek urgent care. It's something that can be handled by a primary care provider. Take care, and best wishes!  Well, no, that's certainly not a normal reaction to receiving a . However, it's possible the two events are unrelated. Regardless, if the numbness and twitching don't clear up on their own after a few days, this is worth getting checked out by a medical professional. A number of conditions can cause the symptoms you describe. A health care provider can diagnose the problem and get you appropriate treatment. You might consider putting in a call to your primary health care provider for an appointment now, because you can always cancel it later if the symptoms go away. Unless you're exhibiting (which would not include muscle twitches), this probably isn't an emergency situation. Hope this helps!  You've done the right thing by coming here and asking about your phobia because, actually, this is exactly the type of fear that can be overcome. You've already taken the first two, crucial steps to overcoming this phobia: 1. Identifying it; 2. Asking for help. The next step I advise you to take is to contact a counselor or psychotherapist. You may be pleased to learn that advances in treating phobias over the past couple of decades have made it possible for many people to overcome their fear of things like needles in just a few sessions with a therapist. Obviously, the length of treatment time will vary with each individual. But my goal here is to reassure you that you need not believe you'll need a lifetime of psychotherapy to overcome this. It's probably not true at all! You obviously understand how important it is to get an annual blood draw, especially at your age. Our analysis of people's blood allows us to detect all kinds of medical conditions that may require treatment. And please don't feel awkward or ashamed about approaching a therapist for help with your issue. This is not an uncommon fear, and any medical professional will admire you for finally coming to terms with your phobia and wanting to conquer it. I wish you all the best!  A can, indeed, be removed by surgery. In fact, that's a typical "last resort" step after drainage and steroids haven't solved the problem. A Baker's cyst is a fluid-filled sac behind the knee joint. That's why all of your pain is behind your knee, rather than in your joint proper. As to why your physician is recommending a knee replacement, that's a good question. I'd ask him or her. Sometimes, an underlying condition like arthritis can cause a Baker's cyst to develop. If that's the case in your situation, it could be one reason why your doctor would mention a knee replacement, as opposed to simply removing the cyst. I'm only mentioning this for informational purposes, not in an attempt to read your doctor's mind. I'd suggest you go back to your doctor and find out why he or she is recommending a knee replacement. You may want to consult a surgeon, as well, to get his or her opinion about what the best treatment option is for you. Hope this helps!  I suppose the answer to your question depends on your individual pain tolerance. Would you rate yourself "very tough" when it comes to pain? Or do you not handle pain too well? It's OK to say you don't handle pain well. In fact, as a nurse I appreciate it when patients tell me that so I can take extra measures to make sure they're comfortable. All that said, a corticosteroid injection isn't too bad. Usually, the steroid medicine is mixed with numbing medicine, so after the initial "ouch," the injection area goes numb fairly quickly. Corticosteroid injections can be very effective in reducing certain types of joint pain. If your health care provider has recommended a steroid injection for your shoulder problem, I would say "go for it." Some tips to make the process more comfortable: Focus on your breathing. Just before the procedure, begin taking long, slow, deep breaths from your abdomen (belly button area). The key word here is SLOW. Visualize the air going in and out of your body. This will help you relax. Try to relax your arm as much as possible. Picture the muscles of your arm, starting at the fingers, and think about relaxing each muscle in turn, all the way to your shoulder. Close your eyes and picture a pleasant location. Personally, I like to picture a mountain cabin by a lake. Take in all the details of this image while you're being injected. It will help you stay calm. I hope that helps!  The good news is: Probably not. The Dtap vaccine (which includes dipetheria, tetanus and pertussis) is considered protective for 10 years. We recommend everyone get re-vaccinated with Dtap every decade. That said, the only way to tell for sure you're protected (because not all vaccines "take" the way they're supposed to) is to look at your blood antibodies. If your blood contains antibodies toward tetanus, then you're golden. Bottom line: Your best bet is to consult a health care provider. Even if you're up to date on your tetanus vaccination, that wound could get infected with bacteria, which could cause problems. Better to have it looked at and washed out, if necessary. Hope this helps!  I'm as confused as you are. I don't see how any health care provider can say a disease process doesn't exist if they haven't done the appropriate testing. However, if your internal medicine doctor has done any blood work on you recently, I would assume he or she did, in fact, test you for , since you'd been previously diagnosed. I think the key here is communication. I'd suggest you make another appointment with your internal medicine provider to discuss your concerns and confusion over the situation. If your provider has blood test results, he or she should be happy to share them with you. If not, you may ask again to be tested, since you're symptomatic. If you don't get satisfaction from this provider, feel free to find another one. It's important to have a primary care provider who listens to your concerns and takes time to explain the answers to your questions. All the best to you!  You should continue taking the until your health care provider tells you it's safe to stop taking it. Enoxaparin is a type of medication called an anticoagulant or "blood thinner." It works by making your blood platelets (the little cells that stick together to form a clot) slippery. Anyone who abruptly stops using a blood thinner may put him or herself at a higher risk of stroke. Only your medical provider can tell you if it's safe for you to discontinue to enoxaparin. Whenever someone experiences a , the usual treatment is at least three months of anticoagulant therapy. However, only your doctor can determine how long you should continue taking enoxaparin. That said, you should be informed about how long you will be on this anticoagulant therapy. You have a right to know. Don't hesitate to ask! It sounds like you need to consult your medical professional for some further guidance on why you're taking the enoxaparin, how long you'll be taking it, and what other medications you should avoid while on anticoagulant therapy. At the very least, getting these questions answered should set your mind at ease. Best of all, you probably can get all your questions answered over the phone. Just call your doctor's office and ask away. Wishing you well!  The steroid preparation that has been linked to the fungal meningitis outbreak was compounded (that is, made by hand instead of being manufactured in large batches) by a pharmacy in New England. The steroid of the type you're describing is usually a manufactured product that is widely used to treat rashes, allergies, and other ailments. So, to answer your question, you are at very low to no risk of contracting fungal meningitis from receiving an intramuscular injection of a mass-produced steroid product. However, you should also discuss this issue with your health care provider. He or she can set your mind at ease. Hope this helps!  What happens if you get the pneumonia shot last year & got it again this year?  The use of a combination vaccine generally is preferred over separate injections of the equivalent component vaccines. However, an exception is the first dose of MMRV. Unless the parent or caregiver expresses a preference for MMRV vaccine, separate MMR and varicella vaccines should be administered for the first dose for children aged 12--47 months  Allergy drops are more commonly used in Europe than in the United States. The allergy drop method is currently being investigated particularly for those allergic to many different pollens (polysensitization). In my opinion, the allergy drop method is still investigational, but may offer an exciting new approach to allergy vaccine once more is learned on how to maximize efficacy. I currently recommend the injection form of allergen immunotherapy but am following the results of ongoing research into other modalities  Sorry to hear about this difficulty. The doctor who initially prescribed the medication may be a good starting point to ask for information about resources in your area. There are some programs that the drug manufacturer has that helps those who need the drug. The prescribing doctor can help you explore these options.  Everyone's response to the allergy vaccine is somewhat different as I have seen many patients be able to stop medications while others still need their medications but have much better control of their symptoms. I usually tell patients if their symptoms are doing well to stop or reduce their allergy medications one at a time and if symptoms return to add it back. That way, the least amount of medications to control symptoms are taken. Many patients can at least reduce allergy medication use following vaccine.  ...For people with allergic asthma, allergy shots (immunotherapy) can be effective at reducing allergic triggers to asthma. An allergist would evaluate to determine if he/she thinks you would benefit from allergy shots. Asthma should be controlled as best as possible with medications before starting allergy shots.... ...Because you are being injected with things you are allergic to, there is a risk of having an allergic reaction. Most patients do not have any side effects and those that experience side effects typically have localized itching and swelling at the injection side. In very rare cases, people experience severe allergic reactions or anaphylaxis. Most cases of anaphylaxis happen shortly after the allergy shots are given that is why you are required to be monitored in the clinic for a period of time. The allergy office is prepared with the needed medications to treat patients with severe reactions. The risk of a fatal reaction is extremely small, but there have been a few cases of patients having fatal reactions. Because of this, it will be important that you understand the protocol and instructions for the allergy shots. There are many safety procedures in place to prevent serious reactions. If you have any questions about the protocol or risk, you should thoroughly discuss with your allergist before starting.  HI THERE IT WILL TAKE LIKE A YEARS SO YOUR MONTHLY CAN GET BE MONTHLY I HAD THE SAME IT TOOK ME 6MONTHS  EFFECTS THE SHOT DOES PEOPLE DIFFERENTLEY I SPOTTED WHEN I GOT MMINE  There is not a contraindication for getting the flu shot when taking pilocaprine. Remember, the flu shot has many benefits and must be taken every year! Check with your health care professional to make sure the injection is right for you.  Upset stomach is not likely a side effect from the cortisone injection. But cortisone can cause flushing or swelling of the skin. Do not be alarmed. This side effect will probably subside. However, if you itch, if redness appears, or if you have difficulty breathing, seek medical advice to make sure you are not having an allergic reaction to the injection. If any of these symptoms becomes unbearable, seek advice from your health care professional or your local pharmacist.  Heparin is given as a subcutaneous injection. There are three areas recommended for administration of a subcutaneous injection: the upper arm, the abdomen, or the thigh. ... I would avoid the stomach area for injection since you are pregnant. You will need a partner to give the injections since the locations available for administration are difficult to reach on your own.  I get mine done every 2 weeks. I was told that 2 weeks is the minimum that you can get them done because depending on the type that your getting, some need to have time to build up in your system and others take a few days in order to take full effect.  I think everyone who can get the flue shot, should get the flu shot.  An hr later.  what are the side effects ? None of them are listed in detail  Sounds like the diagnosis is right. My daughter had it for 2 weeks and only on gums, tongue and lips. Never on her hands or feet. Very painful, but it did go away. She was 2 though.  Hello guys! I just wanted to help anyone out there who might be having the same issues. So I'am following up with how the doctor's visit went. My daughter was tested both with her urine, vaginal exam and she had blood work done. The doctor said that she was fine that at her age it was ok that she wasn't having a period. She suggested getting her on the pill "if" my daughter wanted to have a regular cycle. She did warn her that without knowing a round about time she could be taken by surprise when her period does decide to show up. I do believe that the depo may have had a small role in it but the doctor never confirmed it since she had been off of it for over a year. In the end she decided not to go on the pill she thinks it awesome not having to worry about getting a period ( for now) every month.  My husbands father had them and I also worked in the medical field. Yes they are . They can also cause terrible pain.  No, it is quite common to skip several periods after the depo shot  I am obviously not a doctor, but I know from personal experience that you can. That's how I got my 8 year old son. My doctor contributed it to either being a week late getting my second round or because something in the medication regulated hormones in my body. It is always good even on birth control so have a secondary type of birth control like a condom or even the P.O.M. Nothing is ever 100%  Theres no benefit to receiving the flu shot a second time if you received the flu shot in September. A vaccine received in the Fall should protect you through the flu season. The flu shot for the Northern Hemisphere is formulated once a year and there have not been any updates to the influenza vaccine for the 2012-2013 season since the last time you received it.    I'm not aware of any type of weight loss injection, but we want to make sure that patients understand that. Weight loss doesn't have to come in a pill, but one thing we should do is adjust our lifestyle and that will include things like exercising. Very simple to do, even walking for half-an-hour a day can actually help you lose weight. You should buy a pedometer and track your progress and try to do 10,000 steps a day. They have found that when you do that, you actually have gradual weight loss, incorporating healthy changes in your diet, not having a lot of fatty foods, making better choices at restaurants, making salads. There's a lot of good things out there, a nutritional base that can help you lose weight too. So we don't want to run away to medication but there are currently no injections for weight loss.  You should go now to get the seasonal flu vaccine since it is available and not wait until the H1N1 vaccine arrives -- hopefully from a pharmacist since many pharmacists can now administer vaccines.  If you are sick with a fever, you should wait and get your flu shot at a later date. If it is just a cold or other type of mild illness, you can receive the flu shot.  Yes, it is very important that you see a health care provider as soon as possible and get a tetanus shot.  This caught my eye because I want to make people aware of why we do not give "penicillin shots" or antibiotics for colds. First, antibiotics do not do anything for the common cold. Antibiotics are only helpful if you have an infection that is caused by bacteria. There has been a lot of antibiotic "misuse" in the U.S. (people not taking antibiotics correctly, over-prescribed, saving them for a "rainy day") and that has caused a lot of problems, including the fact that good old stand-by medications like penicillin are not working anymore because the bugs have become "resistant." We are getting "superbugs" that our current antibiotics cannot touch -- and this is a dangerous and important health crisis. To avoid your problem in the future, I would suggest proper symptom management and talking to your pharmacist about what products may be beneficial for you. This may include using nasal decongestants or saline irrigation systems to help cleanse your sinus cavity and avoid the possibilities of infection.  Pregnant women should get the "flu shot" -- a vaccine made with killed flu virus. This one is given with a needle, usually in the arm. The other type of flu vaccine -- a nasal spray -- is not approved for pregnant women. This vaccine is made with live, weakened flu virus. Nasal spray flu vaccine should be used only in healthy people 2-49 years of age who are not pregnant. The nasal spray vaccine is safe for women after they have delivered, even if they are nursing.  This is actually not true. You have to get your seasonal influenza vaccine each year. The virus changes "strains" or the way it is made up so each year, manufacturers make a new batch that comes to what "strains" the CDC thinks may be present for the season.  Great question. It is hard to say because I don't know if your doctor performed the test to verify it was H1N1. If you fall into the groups to receive the H1N1 vaccine, I would still get it. If you had H1N1, you may have some immunity to it, but there are no guarantees. If you look on the CDC web site, it advises that there is no conflict if you choose to get the H1N1 vaccine if you have already had the H1N1 virus.  Yes and what a great question. Both seasonal and 2009 H1N1 flu shots or nasal spray should be given to breastfeeding mothers. Breastfeeding is fully compatible with flu vaccination, and preventing the flu in mothers can reduce the chance that the infant will get the flu. Also, by breastfeeding, mothers can pass on to the infant the antibodies that their bodies make in response to the flu shots, which can reduce the infants chances of getting sick with the flu. This is especially important for infants less than 6 months old, who have no other way of receiving vaccine antibodies, since they are too young to be vaccinated.  When you're covered by a PPO and seek care outside of your insurer's network, you face higher costs. Out-of-network providers don't hold a contract with your insurer, so the sky's the limit in terms of what they can charge.  No. All the flu vaccines distributed throughout the country contain the same strains of flu virus.  No. It is not. The formulation for the flu shot changes each year, based on predictions about which flu strains will be most common. The flu virus mutates very easily and rapidly, which is why we need to get flu shots every year.  Birth control pills are out of your system in a day or two after you stop taking them  which is why you need to take them every single day in order for them to be effective. The injectable forms of birth control, such as Depo-Provera, are designed to provide contraception for three months. But it can take up to nine or 10 months to be completely dispelled. After three months since your last injection, this form of birth control can no longer be guaranteed as an effective contraceptive.  No. All hormonal forms of birth control require a prescription. Only emergency contraception is available over the counter to people age 17 and older  and this is not a reliable method of birth control. It is intended to be used only in the event of regular contraceptive failure.  Steroid shots can help fibro pain for several reasons: 1. They reduce pain in the inflamed areas from conditions other than fibro, thus one feels better "overall." 2. They calm down these inflamed areas, thus reducing the "signals" that were aggravating the fibro in the immediate areas and even the overall body; so indirectly the steroids calmed the fibro. 3. They may directly calm down the fibro flare-up, perhaps by combined analgesic, anti-inflammatory and adrenal mechanisms involving FM. ...  Only your oncologist can answer this question. It's worth asking him or her, too, because depending on your cancer and its treatment, you may be at higher risk for complications from H1N1 flu, seasonal influenza, and/or bacterial pneumonia. All vaccines depend on an immune system response to "learn" how to fight the bacteria or virus. If infection by that bug (like the flu) does occur later, the immune system is prepared, and quickly destroys the invaders before they can make you sick. As you may already know, most chemotherapy suppresses the immune system. Standard practice is to delay vaccination until the immune system recovers. There's no standard point to use, and oncologists differ in their approach. They may wait for a certain period of time after chemotherapy, or vaccinate when the white blood cell count climbs past a certain point. It's believed that this makes a good response to the vaccine more likely. Other experts also recommend revaccination several months after chemotherapy is complete. Generally speaking, children's vaccines are given on schedule even while they are receiving chemotherapy. This information only applies to inactivated vaccines (including seasonal influenza, swine flu, and most others). Live vaccines (measles-mumps-rubella, varicella, oral polio, and bacillus Calmette-Guerin) should generally not be given to people receiving chemotherapy.  In the United States, the flu season usually occurs from about November until April. Officials have decided each new flu season will start on Oct. 4. Typically, activity is very low until December, and peak activity most often occurs between January and March. Ideally, the conventional flu vaccine should be administered between September and mid-November. It takes about one to two weeks after vaccination for antibodies against influenza to develop and provide protection. The CDC has published a summary list of their current recommendations of who should get the 2010-2011 vaccine: Summary of influenza vaccination recommendations, 2010 All people 6 months and older should be vaccinated annually. Protection of people at higher risk for influenza-related complications should continue to be a focus of vaccination efforts as providers and programs transition to routine vaccination of all people 6 months and older. When vaccine supply is limited, vaccination efforts should focus on delivering vaccination to people who are 6 months to 4 years (59 months) of age are 50 years of age and older have chronic pulmonary (including asthma), cardiovascular (except hypertension), renal, hepatic, neurologic, hematologic, or metabolic disorders (including diabetes mellitus) are immunosuppressed (including immunosuppression caused by medications or by human immunodeficiency virus) are or will be pregnant during the influenza season are 6 months to 18 years of age and receiving long-term aspirin therapy and who therefore might be at risk for experiencing Reye's syndrome after influenza virus infection are residents of nursing homes and other chronic-care facilities are American Indians/Alaska natives are morbidly obese (body mass index is 40 or greater) are health-care personnel are household contacts and caregivers of children aged younger than 5 years and adults aged 50 years and older, with particular emphasis on vaccinating contacts of children aged younger than 6 months; and are household contacts and caregivers of people with medical conditions that put them at higher risk for severe complications from influenza As each flu season progresses and as the CDC refines its data from previous flu seasons and pandemics, this summary may be modified. The CDC publishes routine updates about the flu at Flu.gov and at http://www.cdc.gov/flu/weekly/fluactivity.htm .  Pneumovax (pneumococcal vaccine) is often referred to as the "pneumonia shot". It helps protect against the most common bacterial cause of pneumonia , Streptococcus pneumoniae, often referred to as pneumococcus, but does not protect against other types of pneumonia. This vaccine is indicated for healthy, adults age 50 and older, with properly functioning immune systems. The Pneumovax 23 vaccine covers twenty three different variants of the pneumococcal bacteria. In healthy adults, revaccination is not necessary. Patients with underlying chronic disease should probably be revaccinated every 5 years. An annual flu shot (influenza vaccine) is probably also indicated.  Unfortunately, it is possible to get the flu even if you had the flu shot. The effectiveness of the shot depends mainly on two things: the health of the person getting the shot, and the match of the viruses in the vaccine with those causing the flu that season. Before each flu season starts, the worlds major health organizations study the pattern of viruses present across the globe. They then recommend which viruses should be included in the next years flu vaccine. This years vaccine (2012) contains three separate viruses. It is also important to know that there are many other viruses besides the flu that circulate during the flu season. The flu shot will not prevent you from getting any of these other viruses. If you have flu symptoms , contact your doctor. He or she will be able to tell you if the flu is already present in your state. If so, they may suggest an antiviral medication or other treatments to help with your symptoms. I hope you feel better soon.  In a healthy adult, the shingles shot has not been shown to increase the risk of a shingles outbreak. In fact, it lowers your risk of getting shingles by about half. And if you do get shingles, you will be less likely to have post-herpetic neuralgia. This is the painful condition that can occur after the shingles rash is gone. Since the vaccine is a weakened chickenpox virus, the CDC recommends that people with weakened immune systems should not get the shingles shot. This includes people with AIDS or certain types of cancer. People who are on medications that suppress the immune system, like long term steroids or some cancer medicines should also not take the vaccine. Also, women who are pregnant or may become pregnant should not get the shingles shot. Common side effects from the shot can include redness, itching, swelling and tenderness at the site of injection. According to the CDC, these mild reactions occur in about 1 out of every 3 people who get the shot. About one in every 70 people will get a headache after getting the shot. Rarely, a mild rash may appear around the site of the shot that can look like chicken pox. The CDC recommends that everyone 60 and older gets the shingles vaccine. The FDA has approved the vaccine for anyone over the age of 50. Ask your doctor if the shingles vaccine is right for you.  i stoped the dep shot as well on 9/13 and havnt stopped my period going on5 weeks is this what happen to you?  Fentanyl is a level 2 controlled analgesic. The medication Phen- Phen was, to the best of my knownledge, was removed from the market due to side affects it caused. These are 2 VERY different medications.  Hi Is this for you or a family member, if this is for diabetes then why have you not been shown how to do this and how much to administer, you find that the dose needs to be inline with the blood sugar result from there daily test, its something your have been show how to do by either a doctor or nurse. It would be best if you seek help that way. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Candy, So 1 year, how long it takes is a person to person thing, could be 6 weeks or 8 even 12 weeks, its just a waiting game. But when it does give your body a chance to get back in the swing of things, then try. Good Luck  Hi Below is two links one from WebMD here on site and one other, now the thing you to do just way up, as you have been put on the new one, see if you think its better for you, than what you had before, only you can do that. The links, http://www.webmd.com/drugs/drug-11771-Depo-Testosterone+IM.aspx?drugid=11771&drugname=Depo-Testosterone+IM This next link, down the bottom of the page you will see that threr is 10 more pages to read through. http://www.rxlist.com/depo-testosterone-side-effects-drug-center.htm Do hope these help you. good Luck  Hi, your first stop, google depo shot side effects, you should find your answer there, once you do you may decide its your last shot. Good Luck  Hi If you google depo shot side effects, you will find all you need there, but if this is giving you this problem then its time to come off it and find something that suits you best, this may take some time, but best to be healthy than being sad, depressed and moody all the time. The one thing your on it for is to have a happy trouble free sex life, YES, and you cant? Answer, is to come off it, but that is a troubled time for you waiting for your body to get back in the swing of things. Good Luck  HI Yes the wonderful depo shot does it again, suggest you google depo shot side effects, you will find all your answers there, and some you may have never assotiated with this wonder drug. Do hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi And yes it will lower your sperm count all the way to zero, it just like a male pill. Here's a link from WebMD, just more info http://www.webmd.boots.com/men/news/20090505/testosterone-injections-work-like-male-pill Good Luck  Hi Go have a look round a site called www.franktalk.org its a site for guys with ED and ED problems. Lots of open discussion on all of our problems with ED shots, pills, pumps and implants. But please remember once you get an implant there is no turning back, that's it, take it or leave it. I how a pale on there who wish's he never had it done, and that the clean way to say it. Look you have not said but are you on any meds that's giving you ED, ED is a very bad side effect of lots of drugs, the easy way would be to just google any meds your on, you just put the drug name and follow that with ed side effects. How's your blood? to get good erections we need as we get older very good and clean blood, I worked it out, good erections come from good blood, most of what I take for ED and now in some kind of recovery, if you google things like Garlic, Ginger, Cayenne Pepper Boric Acid, Parsley and Garlic mix, L-arginine, C-caritine your find them all help your blood in some way. Now also look ay DHEA and Tribulus, these will lift you testosterone, libido and energy levels, so these also help, and all this I take daily and have a good sex life. So did you search through all these things? Do hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Yes plaque can be a problem, to clear it you need some cayenne pepper, I take this each day, I do it this way. But for you do this, you mix cayenne with tomato paste and add olive oil to thin, you mix this to a heat that suits you, take 3 small spoonful's each morning and wash each one down with cold water, with you can add very fine chopped garlic (do a whole head) mixed with dry parsley in olive oil, all very good for your blood. You can also have green tea with honey, lemon and ginger, all very good for your blood, and will add erections. If you can afford one try a cock ring, I have a hardwear ice, from myhardwear,com, should give you some great boners. But please remember ED jokes us, just as things are getting good, back it comes. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well it seems its doing some good, I would say just give it a couple more days, and get back to the doctor, the thing is did he get it in the right place, did he make you go och, before he injected you, because he needed to get it right on the button for it to work at its best. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Go get tested for thrush then, but cant think of a link. Anyway why a link and not that you have got something else to get sorted. Good Luck  Hi Coming off depo shot, it can take a long time before she comes back to being normal, google coming off depo shoot and getting period back, should throw up all the answers your looking for, but if I remember right can take some time with some women before getting back to normal, anything up to 2 years. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of the natural way to overcome your problem? Have a read through this link. http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/asthma.html Just copy into google to the www. to open and read Who knows? it could help. Good Luck  Hi I would give this link a very good read before you try it, but if you was my daughter I would say no you don't, also google depo shot side effects, and read up about them. But first read this, http://www.depo-subqprovera104.com/default.aspx Good Luck  Hi First it would be best if you google depo shot side effects, you may find your answer there, but if tis keeps happening, just come off it, perhaps when you read through the side effects you may just do that. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, In brief: Shouldn't, in general, antibiotics reduce the effectiveness of birth control pills. However, Depo Provera is so suppressive that penicillin shouldn't lower its effectiveness. If you're concerned, use a back up method such as condoms or a diaphragm when taking antibiotics. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi There are only certain types of antibiotics that effect depo shot, it would be best if you see if your antibiotic is one of them, if not there would be no need for you to take the BC pill at the same time as depo shot. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You need to google depo shot side effects, I think your find all your answers there, but depo shot throws up a lot of problems for some women, may be best you make this your last one, find some other form of BC. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well perhaps its not the products, but the house work your allergic to, think about it. A lot of people get this, its work there really allergic to, have you had any skin tests done for the products you use, perhaps going back to old fashioned pure soaps, there are lots of things out there, they just need some good old elbow grease to make them work, unlike modern products shake spread and clean up, all down to chemicals, but makes it quicker for mums. This probably wont help you, but Good Luck  Hi For what reasons you ask this question?  Hi, Google coming off depo shot to get pregnant, your find all the info you need. But if I remember right, can be up to two years, and yes you can still get pregnant at 39 or 40 even, when your system gets back to normal. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes this is a side effect along with a whole host of others. Just google testosterone injections side effects, lots to read. good Luck  Hi The thing with depo shot is that its for birth control, so if you have been on it long enough, you should be OK If your going with more than one guy make sure they wear condoms, you may not be able to get pregnant, but there are still STIs and STDs. Good Luck PS did you read up about the, side effects of depo shot, in not just google that last bit, does not make good reading.  Hi This sounds like the round in your lower back has moved and now pressing against a nerve, that could be the reason your now wetting your self. Good Luck  Hi Yes it could well be that, but is he getting the other results he needs? If so he could try meditation, just google, anxiety and meditation. It could work for him, this way he gets the best of both worlds. But if not he will have to slowly bring his injections back to what they were. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just google Depo side effects, you may find your answer there, this BC has quite a few bad ones. Good Luck  Hi OK yes it does but they say its just a temporary and should grow back. Below you find a link to this drug and all its side effects. The link, http://www.medicinenet.com/methotrexate-injection/article.htm Good Luck  No I thank you. Good Luck  Hi Just Google the side effects of depo shot, there must be an answer there, I know women do have a lot of problems with this BC drug and coming of it. Good Luck  Hi, The most likely scenario is that the body will form a small pocket around the invader and isolate it. If it's biodegradable then it should decay over time otherwise you'll carry it around for the rest of your life. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Candy, To what shots are we talking about, it would help if you tell, otherwise we cant help you. Just come back through, answer this, above.  Hi Hives and red welts are a side effect of Botox, so you have had a warning that your allergic to them, so after that would you think is wise to carry on? Good Luck  Hi Hives and red welts are a side effect of Botox, so you have had a warning that your allergic to them, so after that would you think is wise to carry on? Good Luck  Hi If your talking about depo shot, your find if you read up about the side effects if it, your just going to have to wait till it subsides from your body. But this would depend how far you into your course and how to your what would be next shot then perhaps add a few weeks to slowly clear your body. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If the wound now looks as though its healed up nicely, he should be able to take his own stitch's out, he just needs a scalpel blade a pair of tweezers, he just cuts each stitch ones at a time and slowly pulls them out, then wash with warm sea salt water, could do it a couple of times a day, for a couple of days, this will help clean and heal, the stitch marks. Good Luck  Hi, Below is 3 links that should help you understand things a bit better for you and for him. http://www.webmd.com/erectile-dysfunction/guide/testosterone-replacement-therapy http://www.webmd.com/men/guide/testosterone-replacement-therapy-is-it-right-for-you http://www.aafp.org/afp/2006/0501/p1591.html I think these 3 links cover most of what you wanted for both of you. Do hope they helped. Good Luck  Hi If your worried then you should always call your doctor, even if only for a chat about your problems, from this he/she will say I will come and see you or please come in now. Was the reason for the injection that your doctor was afraid of you not going to term? Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Candy, So how long was you on them? if your trying for pregnancy this would answer your question. If it was depo shot you can google how long for pregnancy after depo shot, your find a few forums all from other women saying how long its taken, sometimes short and sometimes very long, the odd few never, all because of depo shot. Good Luck  Hi Ask any company selling these and they will all say yes, they have to, they want you to buy them. But just google this natural testosterone boosters and see how you get on, lots of help. So how old are you, and are you having ED problems?  Hi First you really need to read the side effects of depo shot, there not good, for this just google depo shot side effects, as for trying to get pregnant, you should weight till your cycles get regular again, this may take some time after depo shot. Good Luck  Hi Google depo shot side effects, and when you've gone wow, or some other degrading word, you may come off it, it can give some women some very bad side effects. Put it this way, I would not let my daughter go on it. Good Luck  Hi google depo stot side effects, and the depo shot and getting pregnant after, its pretty frightening. Good Luck  Hi Your find its 5 years between boosters, unless your in an emergency room and your not sure when you had your last one, and you have a bad wound, its only then a doctor may tell a nurse to give you a booster, for your safety, more than anything else. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I found you this very good link on testosterone shots, please give it a good read, should help you and your problem. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1472885/ Just copy into google to see it. Do hope it helps you understand more. Good Luck  Hi You could find really hard to look HCG Shots? yes. So ok just follow this link. The Link, http://www.drugs.com/hcg.html You should find this helps, just copy into google to read it. Good Luck  Hi And Wow, 21 years, is this a record. But can see why, women who have been on it between 5 to 10 years can take up to 2 years to get there periods back, so you can see why he's bringing you off it. Who knows you may have already gone through it. OK not knowing how these shots affect your hormones, perhaps you should have a blood test done now and once every 3 months, so your doctor can keep an eye on them, its from your hormones that he can tell about the menopause. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If taken within 5 days of your last period, straight away, but have you looked up about the side effects of Depo shot/Provera, if I was you give it a good read, Just google Depo Provera side effects, its all there, reason, you may not want to stay on it after reading about the side effects. Good Luck  Hi, First google all your drugs for erectile dysfunction as a side effect. For the time being you could try a cock ring, I have a hardwear ice from myhardwear.com, find this gives me some great boners. If not try some PE exercises, get your blood flowing through your penis, try pegym.com could be a good place to start them. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Do hope you looked up the side effects of depo shot before you went on it, just google depo shot side effects, makes for some grim reading. Good Luck  Hi, Just give it time, can take two years, just google trying to get pregnant after depo shot, your find all the answers you want there. Do hope this helps, just be patient. Good Luck  Hi Found you a very good link from Harvard, now there is lots top read, one of the things you will see is about the roller coaster ie ups and downs of having shots over, gels, its all good stuff to read. http://www.harvardprostateknowledge.org/a-harvard-expert-shares-his-thoughts-on-testosterone-replacement-therapy Just copy this into google to the www. to open and read. Good Luck  Hi, Agree with your Dad, all the way, but then we are around the same age, low T could be a problem, but its his libido that needs a lift, you being pregnant he should be hard at it now, its 9 months without any problems of getting you pregnant, if you follow my drift. You could try him on some Tribulus, its a herb, it should boost his testosterone, lift his libido and kick up his energy levels, it takes around 8 weeks to get to full power, you can google it for more info. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi A TB shot covers you for life. Good Luck  Hi, I think your find this is one of the side effects of depo shot, but if you google depo shot side effects, you should find what your looking for. But I will tell you something I would never let my daughter take it, you could have big troubles ahead, when you come off it and want to get pregnant, it will be tough. Good Luck  Hi Confused, 9 years was a long time, your lucky that you have had some kind of period yet, to get right after so long could take up to 2 years. Just google depo shot side effects, or trying to get pregnant after depo shot, not saying you are trying to. but you will find lots of info by reading that one. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It reads that you have a two week window, to get your next shot if you miss your date. So don't just sit there, go get your shot. Good Luck  Hi Here's what WebMD has to say about vaselin, the last piece says about injesting it. Good Luck  In my personal experience "Yes". I tapered down dosage, from twice to once a day, for two weeks. Then only once a day every other day for two weeks. Finally once a day every three days for one week. Because I have to go off and back on the medication every six months this is the only way that prevents that "tingly" sensation if I just stop completely.  I was on Depo for 4 years when I was younger and never had a spotting or period. I did have some discharge, but my doctor said that was normal. I went off it for two years and came back to it again only to be on it for two years. Same results, no spotting, no period. However, my doctor does not want me on it anymore because after so many years it does affect your calcium in your bones. She has removed me from it as of October 2012 and I still have not had a period or any spotting. She said it could take a year for my body to regulate and get back to normal. Her main concern is focused on my bones and calcium. I hope that helps a little.  Do not massage the leg, massaging the leg can move the blood clot, allowing the potential to move to heart, lung, or brain. I suggest calling the doctor but I would take pain med like Tylenol, I don't know what type of medicine she's on do aspirin may interfere with it so Tylenol would be safer, the pain is from lack of circulation, I want to say warm soak in tub to open up vessels. Call the physician and ask.  Depo Provera is a very effective form of birth control, however, one of the initial side effects is irregular bleeding. This irregular bleeding typically lasts for 6 months. After 6 months, many women stop having periods. Regardless, it is important that you call your doctor to make sure nothing else is going on.  bbbb  Absolutely.  yes  yes it can  It is the way the medication works to shut down ovulation. Should restart soon. Also keep in mind that stress can interfere with your cycle too. If you are terribly concerned about pregnancy ask for a serum pregnancy test to calm your fears. For future reference use protection when you are unsure about your contraceptive method.  He will need to address this question to his medical provider -- someone who knows him, his medical history, and can determine if he can have this year's flu vaccine (that does contain the H1N1). I have not seen reactions like your husband experiences. Since it takes about two weeks for the flu vaccine ... any flu vaccine ... to be effective, your husband may have actually had the flu from an exposure a day or so before getting the flu shot. He may have falsely attributed those symptoms to the shot. The vaccine cannot cause the flu.  Assuming you did not strain or injure your arm, I feel that it is related soley to your flu shot, I think it important to address this issue with your doctor. Sometimes, the needle used for the injection can cause a hematoma -- a pocket of blood at the injection site. This can cause an sterile abscess or even an abscess that is secondarily infected. Get it checked out.  The vaccine itself is not likely the issue, but rather the injection. Hidden under our opaque skin and subcutaneous tissue are nerves. The nurse may have given you the shot in a wrong location, or used a needle a bit too long, or it may have been a fluke -- hitting a nerve that shouldn't be there. You will need to see your medical provider, and perhaps see a neurologist. Many times, these post-injection neuropathies will self-resolve, but you need to be examined. Your inability to lift your arm is not something that can be ignored.  You need to get another tetanus shot.... Yes, the vaccine lasts ten years, but not to the day or month. To be safe, get another one and you will be good for ten more years. The vaccine is 100% effective, and tetanus (the disease) is just about 100% fatal, so it pays to be safe.  Sort of both, depending on the stage of the infection. Shingles will mostly present as painful blisters .  No more (and probably less) than any trace hormones that may be in bodily fluids in a heterosexual relationship. Those minute traces will not result in any harm or cause side effects in a partner.  Keloids are very challenging to remove, so you will need the services of a good dermatologist to help you. Steroid injections are often used, but there are other methods that the dermatologist can discuss with you. This is not something you can do at home or with any over-the-counter medications. Surgically removing a keloid is iffy since the surgery, alone, can create a new keloid to replace the one that was removed.  You are not at any risk from sexual contact from someone who has received a hepatitis vaccine. The vaccine is NOT capable of causing hepatitis, just preventing it.  I am sorry, but this is a request that WebMD Answers cannot provide. We do not recommend specific doctors or clinics. There are really no "vasovagal syncope" doctors per se. Any licensed medical provider should be able to help you, or go to a clinic that provides medications and immunizations for travelers.  No, it does not. Tetanus shots only protect against one thing...tetanus. Although not specifically approved for cold sores, anti-herpetic drugs used for genital herpes and other herpetic infections (like Shingles and chicken pox) may help. These would include medications like acylovir, Famvir, etc. You would need to address this with your medical provider.  When you have pernicious anemia or a clinical reason to do so.....otherwise there is no need to take B12 injections.  You can't "try" to be tall. If it happens, it happens. If late-bloomers are common in your family, there is still a chance that you will have a final growth spurt, but there is no way to make it happen. Basically, our height is determined at the moment of conception. Since you are a product of your parent's DNA, you could achieve your Dad's height, or a blending of both your mother and father's height, and I don't know how tall your mother is. Unless you have some very, very tall grandparents to influence your genetics, it may not be very likely, at your age, to reach 6' 4", but time will reveal that answer. You are already taller than the average American man, so congratulations. Any more height should be considered a bonus.  Moody and loss of appetite does not necessarily mean it was caused by the Depo Provera injection. There are hundreds of things that can cause these vague symptoms. It may have just been a coincidence that the symptoms began after you last injection. If the symptoms persist, see your medical provider for a proper examination....don't just assume it was the Depo.  Not likely....the effects of the Depo injection wears off in three months. If you are having problems getting pregnant, you will need to see your gynecologist for advice.  About two weeks.  You should always be concerned about chest pain, but it would not be likely this would be related to your tetanus shot in any way. I don't know anything about you --- your age, risk factors, or anything about your medical history -- so if you are concerned enough to post, you should be concerned enough to see a medical provider -- someone who has the ability to examine you and determine the reason for your chest pain and irritabiltiy.  Using olive oil in a salad or cooking with it is one thing, but drinking it is another issue entirely. I know of no contraindications for using olive oil while pregnant or otherwise, but I am not sure your reasons to do so are valid. I have never heard that a shot of olive oil with cranberry juice every day for a week will flush out a sludgy gall bladder -- I am very skeptical. Drinking this much olive oil could cause a laxative effect. I do not think it would harm your baby, but I have to tell yo that there are absolutely no studies that would prove safety.. When you are pregnant, the safety of you and your unborn baby is in the careful, professional hands of your OB-GYN. Before doing this, I would suggest that you get a patient-specific okay.  No harm, but he will still need a polio booster between the ages of 4-6.  Yes, they can be taken together. There are much better medications for allergies than Benadryl, which only lasts 4 hours. Why not try genertic Claritin, Zyrtec, or Allegra? They can last a whole day....  Nothing.....  There are plenty of potential side-effects of Depo Provera, but that does not mean you will get them. Before chosing any hormonal form of contraception, you need to see a medical provider or Planned Parenthood so you can learn about ALL of the available methods for YOU, and the one that would be best for YOU. You can read all about Depo Provera on-line. Your boyfriend should not be chosing your contraceptive method just because he does not like to use condoms. Condoms do more than just prevent unwanted pregnancies. They help prevent sexually-transmitted diseases....Depo doesn't do that. I vote that yoru boyfriend continues with those condoms until YOU decide the best contraceptive (and STD prevention) method for YOU.  No. The only side effect is that you had to pay for it twice. You will be just fine.  If you do not complete the series, you realize that will not have full immunity to this devastating viral infection that could cause cancer in a sexual partner. It is really your choice whether to continue and get the next two shots. You will not have any side effects if you stop.  No.  Having Strep (a bacteria) will not effect the effacacy of the influenza (viral) vaccine. I don't know your son's age, but he should not need to be re-vaccinated. Talk to his doctor  Why [not] FluMist? It is an equally effective (some studies say "more effective") flu vaccine that can be sprayed in the nose. No needles. When I do have to negotiate with a reluctant child about a shot, I do a few things: 1. I give them choices. They can have ONE shot (assuming they only need one) or TWO! 2. I can give them a "booster" instead of a shot. (It is the same thing, but the word booster sounds less painful!) 3. They can get it in their arm or leg where it doesn't hurt very much or their EYE!!! (Of course, we don't do eye shots, so this becomes an easy choice. 4. I tell them this: "I am not supposed to do this, but if you don't tell anyone, I will use the little, tiny baby needle...the one we use for infants, instead of the big-person needle. How about that?" 5. And finally...."If this little "booster" hurts, you tell the nurse right away and she will take it out immediately!" (Of course, she is going to do that anyway.) The games we play....  What many people call "flu" is often NOT influenza. There are over 200 viral species that can cause similar respiratory symptoms. Incidentally, vomiting and diarrhea is not the flu. So, to answer your question....Yes, it is most likely something else (other than the flu).  Safe? Yes. Effective? No. If you lose weight, it will be because of the calorie restriction and exercise, not B12.  You won't have a choice this flu season....the H1N1 is included in the seasonal vaccine. I don't know why you were skeptical...the vaccine was fine (and effective). Many people report flu-like symptoms after the vaccine, but you can't get the disease (influenza) from the vaccine.  What should happen? That nurse or medical assistant should be retrained! Other than the inflammation, which is obvious, there should be no long term residuals. I am a bit concerned that you may be having a lymphatic reaction (the red streak), so you medical provider needs to see this and make sure you do not have a secondary infection from this avoidable mistake. Don't pay for this extra office visit, either. You will still need a proper PPD (and it should be absolutely FREE!), and if you need the pneumonia vaccine (administered properly, of course), I would insist on a freebee as well.  I don't know.....you will need to ask the doctor who gave you the injection. There are MANY different kinds of injectable antibiotics, so it would not be prudent for me to just guess. I suspect it may be Rocephin, but you will need to call and confirm this. Side effects of Rocephin are nil, except that shots still hurt.  Tetanus vaccines are 100% protective against tetanus for TEN YEARS. The injection does not protect you against any other wound infection -- just tetanus ---, so good first aid after any injury is always necessary. There are much better antiseptics than after shave lotion (alcohol), so perhaps you should improve your home first-aid kit. You can always get wound infections.....  I can't blindly tell you "what it is" over the Internet. I would need to examine you and perhaps, send a specimen off to pathology. Clearly, the dermatologist is your SKIN specialist, so if you lesion is bigger, I would suggest that you go back. Forego the steroid injection until you consult the dermatotogist again, or see a different dermatologist for a second opinion.  Some viruses tend to adapt and mutate (change), and the influenza virus changes all of the time. Medical science has a full time job keeping up with this primitive adaptation. Bacteria can change, too ... this is why we have drug-resistant strains of Staph (MRSA). Yes, you have to get a different flu vaccine every year, depending on the strains that are circulating. People who had pertussis (whooping cough) as a child are not always immune for life -- the recent epidemic proves this. Be glad that we have scientists keeping track of these things!  B12 is really not used to manage or heal a fracture, but perhaps a blood test revealed a reason to use it (pernicious anemia?). I can't really answer that question, since I do not know the medical details of your husband's case.  Personally, I think those "testosterone boosters" are worthless, but you have to make your own decision. Herbal and over-the-counter non-drug therapies do not have to prove effacacy in the same way of prescription drugs.  If the injection was given improperly, it is very possible to involve nerves in this area. Since it has been a month, you should be examined by your medical provider or the place where you received the injection.  No...absolutely NOT.  I know that is frustrating for you, but it would be impossible for me, or any medical professional, to be able to blindly address that question since we do not know anything about you, your medical history, your diet, your A1C and glucose levels, etc. Only your treating medical provider or diabetes specialist could offer you an explanation. At the very least, a change in your insulin dosage (and diet) may be in order.  You will need to get the specific "okay" from your dentist to pre-medicate with any narcotic before your visit. While your dentist may only be using lidocaine (novacaine) for your procedure, many times they will need to do something else (like nitrous oxide) depending on your response, so it would be wise to just ask first. There is unlikely to be a problem with you taking this after your visit.  Yes, it is safe, but may not be necessary. I am assuming this is a urinary tract infection, so a trace of blood or leukocytes may not be clinical significant now, but if the medical provider determines another Rocephin injection is needed, it is safe.  No....I do not believe that the flu vaccine causes narcolepsy. As a matter of fact, the cause of narcolepsy is really idiopathic (not known).  Injection of WHAT? Rabies vaccine? Antibiotic? I don't have enough information to address your question, so I suggest that you call your doctor for a patient-specific response.  Yes. There are no feathers in the flu vaccine. Vaccines are made using eggs as incubators, but eggs and feathers -- even if they are from the same bird -- are two, totally different allergic sensitivities. You can take the flu vaccine safely.  No a chicken pox shot will not leave any spot or mark. You would need to have a varicella blood titer to determine if you had the vaccine (or the disease). The only spot that was ever left from a vaccine is from the SMALL POX vaccination, which has not been administered for over 30 or 40 years now.  I would need to know the reason and dosage.....  There is absolutely NO connection between the seasonal flu shots and Alzheimers disease.  You can't buy it unless you are a licensed medical provider, and why would you need it? It has been proven that HCG does not hasten weight loss, if this the reason. HCG is still used in some weight-loss clinics, but it is not a do-it-yourself treatment.  It is not possible to offer you a number -- your statistical chances of becoming pregnant. There are just too many unknown factors to consider. I can say that the Depo Provera is an excellent contraceptive, but not 100%. When you have unprotected intercourse, you are really taking a chance with just about any contraceptive method, short of sterilization (tubal ligation). Could you be pregnant? Yes, that would be possible. You would need to see your medical provider and have a very accurate pregnancy test ordered or take a few home pregnancy tests. There can be many reasons for a woman to have sharp, lower abdominal pain, other than a pregnancy, so you would benefit from having a hands-on examination. This is really the only way to get a sure answer.  It doesn't....unless the test was wrong or mixed up with another specimen (can happen). While there are occasional false-positive tests for cocaine, these tend to be rare. If you have used cocaine in ANY form (like snorting it, or on a cigarette), your test may be positive. Repeat the test, of course, if you know, in your heart, that you have NEVER had contact with cocaine. You can also ask for two tests - one sent to a different lab.  There should not be a direct relationship to your inability to conceive with taking Depo Provera two years ago. There has to be another reason, so your first step is for both of you to see a fertility specialist. Your partner will need a sperm count to make sure it is not him that is the problem (even if he has a six year old), and you will need to have some diagnostic tests and an exam as well.  Yes...either one has the potential of setting the stage for a yeast infection.  If you received your flu vaccine in October, then it was this season's vaccine, so you are protected for the entire flu season.  I have never heard that allergy shots would have any adverse sexual side-effects. As a matter of fact, I do not think it would be medically possible for this to ever happen. See your OB-GYN for a consultation. If there is a discoverable cause for your inorgasmia, it will not be your allergy shots.  It doesn't sound like an allergic reaction, but maybe a side effect of the local anesthetic that may have contained epinephrine. This is used to control bleeding and improve the anesthesia effect. Epinephrine is also called adrenalin. Call your dentist and inquire....  I have never found that the Shingles vaccine aggravates tinnitus. I got mine....and my tinnitus did not change. It is just as bothersome and annoying as it was before the Shingles vaccine.4  What KIND of ear infection? The only one that may benefit from an injection of a potent steroid would be an inner ear infection (dizzy, vertigo, vomiting, etc.). Cortisporin eardrops will only help otitis externa (swimmer's ear). Since I don't know the reason for the steroid, the type or severity of your ear infection, ther is really no way to predict when (or even "if") this treatment will work.  I am not sure that I share that recommendation for an early vaccine. An MMR prior to the first birthday (a live vaccine) is not likely to take, so your child with definitely need another after age one, and before kindergarten. Please check around and get some other opinions and recommendations for someone who does travel-related medicine. I am not sure where you are going....  Boniva injection is generally well tolerated. Side effects with Boniva injection are usually mild and of brief duration. Common side effects with Boniva injection are: Bone, muscle, or joint pains. Influenza-like illness. Headache. You may experience flu-like symptoms consisting of fever, chills, joint, bone and/or muscle pain, and fatigue. These symptoms usually occur only after the first injection and generally will not happen again as you continue treatment. Your health care provider or pharmacist can recommend a mild pain reliever such as aspirin to make you more comfortable. Without treatment, the symptoms generally disappear within 24 to 48 hours. You may experience irritation at the site of injection, such as redness or swelling, but this does not happen often. Rarely, patients have reported severe bone, joint, and/or muscle pain starting within one day to several months after beginning to take bisphosphonate drugs to treat osteoporosis (thin bones). This group of drugs includes Boniva. Most patients experienced relief after stopping the drug. Contact your health care provider if you develop these symptoms after starting Boniva. Rarely, patients taking bisphosphonates have reported serious jaw problems associated with delayed healing and infection, often following dental procedures such as tooth extraction. If you experience jaw problems, please contact your health care provider and dentist. These are not all the possible side effects of Boniva injection. For more information, ask your health care provider or pharmacist.  I've had several series of injections in my back, and it helps all pain in the back as well as the leg. As long as the doctor know where to inject the steroid.  Hi! I'm no expert but I also chose the shot for my birth control and so have other members of my family. It was the same for all of us, our period was normal at first then eventually it went away as we kept taking the shot every 3 months. I quit taking the shot after 9 months and my period has returned.  When a patient responds by forming keloid scars, there is a greater than average chance that this will continue to occur. I assume that, as you mention she has been given treatments that included shots, she has access to a physician who can help you make an appropriate decision in this regard. Surgery is not as good an option for your wife, but you should discuss both microdermabrasion and laser resurfacing with your wife's doctor. Both are better alternatives, and work by focusing on the over-development of collagen that is the key problem with keloid scarring.  No not at all your doctor should have told you this is the main side effect. I didnt have one for 10 years unless i missed my shot or had a spot here and there.  I found this in this article, http://children.webmd.com/vaccines/dtap-and-tdap-vaccines?page=2 : One of the most serious problems that can come from getting the vaccine is an allergic reaction. That happens in less than one out of a million doses. If it were going to happen it would most likely happen within a few minutes to a couple of hours after taking the vaccine. And even though it's rare, it's important to be alert for an allergic reaction with any medicine and get medical help at once if it occurs. Symptoms might include any of the following: difficulty breathing hoarseness wheezing hives paleness weakness rapid heart beat dizziness It is probably wise to contact your doctor and let them know what you are experiencing.  Here is a that should answer your question. The longest it has taken during this outbreak so far is 42 days. Regardless of what is causing the symptoms you list, it's worth calling your doctor and getting in to see him or her soon. We hope you get to the bottom of this soon. The WebMD Answers Staff  Hi and welcome to WebMD Answers! While you're waiting for other responses, I found this information on that I hope will be helpful to you. It includes treatments for both Wet and Dry. We hope you'll visit again to ask and answers questions. Take care, The WebMD Answers Staff  Steroid injections are one of the most effective ways to decrease pain and improve function, yet they generally do not cure the illness. In rare instances, the following side effects might occur: Infection Allergic reactions Local bleeding Rupture of a tendon Skin discoloration Excessively frequent, repeated injections into the same area can cause the bone, ligaments, and tendons to weaken. Not everyone will develop side effects. How often any side effect occurs varies from patient to patient. If steroid injections are infrequent (less than every three to four months), it is possible that none of the listed side effects will occur.  Local steroid injections are generally well tolerated and are less likely than other forms of steroid medications to produce serious side effects. Before a joint is injected with a steroid, joint fluid may be removed for testing. Testing the joint fluid is especially important if the diagnosis is uncertain. Steroid injections often reduce joint inflammation, helping preserve joint structure and function. Steroid injections may help avoid the need for oral steroids or increased doses of oral steroids, which could have greater side effects.  probably not  yes  yes it very much so can affect your mood and cause other issues as well. http://waterfastingweightloss.us  Try some allergy eye drops you can get them at wal mart. If its not better by the next morning he does need to go to the doctor.  I'm not sure if you're saying your depo shot expired 3 months ago, or if the last time you had a booster was 3 months ago. If your depo shot expired 3 months ago then you can absolutely get pregnant by unprotected sex. The depo shot is not a permanent solution. Depo-provera birth control lasts roughly 14 weeks in a woman's system before being completely ineffective, but the shot must be received every 12 weeks to maintain full protection.  Spotting is not considered a "true" period; rather, the first day of your period begins when you see bright red blood (instead of the brown or rust-color associated with spotting). Given the length of time you've been on depo-provera, it may take some time for your body to readjust to its regular ovulation cycle after being subjected to the artificial one created by the birth control. I wouldn't start those ovulation tests just yet--give your body time to recuperate and have a normal, natural menstrual period. You can read more about timing your intercourse to coincide with ovulation times here, or talk to your doctor about what's best for you. If you're otherwise healthy, I'm sure you'll be well on your way to a baby soon!  I would suggest that you talk to your health care provider, but I do think this is a situation where your body needs time to readjust to its natural rhythms. You could, presumably, go back on oral contraceptives to regulate your period, but seek professional health care if you are really concerned. Is there any possibility of pregnancy?  I found that if I do a nasal rinse on a regular basis that I have way fewer sinus problems. You could try a nettie pot or possibly just a saline solution sprayed up the nose. If you ask at the pharmacy counter, they can recommend not just a saline spray but also other nasal rinses that will keep the sinuses clear of all the "Junk" that accumulates there. Good Luck!  No  I went to Medscape.com and used their drug interaction checker. It read that there are no interactions. You should try it yourself: http://reference.medscape.com/drug-interactionchecker  I received an anterior hip replacement in July 2012 and have PT 3 times a week. I find that if I miss my PT, my hip starts hurting again, but as long as I'm using it, it feels really good. If the replacement is in place, I wonder if its muscular or if you need more PT deep tissue work. I really hope it gets better soon.  I looked at the drug monograph for this and it doesn't appear that taking this would impact your blood counts. Here's a link to the full monograph:  It's a common side effect of the depo shot to not get a period at all. You've been on it for awhile now so I wouldn't be too concerned unless you were late getting the last shot. When I was on the depo shot I HATED it! I had more pregnancy symptoms then when i was actually pregnant with both my sons.  I would say to get the shot. Just because you had the flu doesn't mean you wont/can't get it again.  Symtpoms can show up as early as one week, but some have had symptoms as late as 4 weeks afterward. If you've received one of the tainted injections and have had symptoms, you should see your doctor. Most of the people who did receive them have been notified. Here is some more information about fungal meningitis: http://www.webmd.com/pain-management/news/20121012/fungal-meningitis-qa http://www.webmd.com/pain-management/news/20121015/new-warnings-fungal-meningitis-outbreak  Not normal sounds like an allergy I'd take some benadryl and get to a doctor ASAP!  birth control shot  1 year  no, when you have any vaccination your body's immune system fights the vaccine this is how our body becomes immune, the reddness and soreness is just your body's defences. this discomfort should only last for 3 to 4 days. If however you start to notice a high temperature then i suggest you contact your doctor.  the flu jab lasts only one flu season, as the influenza virus mutates so often a new flu jab is introduced every year.  Take your Antibiotoics and be paitent. That happens to me everytime I get a sinus infection. Try also using breath right strips, i found they helped relieved pressure during the night so I was able to taste somethings in the mornings.  When I was on the shot, I didnt become fully regular until a year after the last injection. If you have been having unprotected sex, I suggest taking a test just to be sure.  Only YOUR body can cause an allergic reaction. Your body is reacting to something it views as a threat or invader. A bite can't cause an allergy, but it can cause your body to have a reaction. The prior bite is probably unrelated to your symptoms. Especially since it happened 3 months ago and you're still having issues. Keep in mind that you can develop an allergy at any point. Example: Perhaps you drink Orange Juice every day...3 times a day. You can even develope an allergy in the same day. Imagine drinking the first and second glass of OJ and be just fine. Then you could drink the third glass, and have a reaction. Because of your eye symptoms, it makes me think it's more likely you're allergic to something in the air. I'm sure you've heard of hayfever. However, latex allergies can be very dangerous. Let's say you have a SEVERE reaction, and need to go to the Emergency Room. Guess what? The Dr's. and nurses will be touching you with latex gloves! (which would make it worse!) You need to be tested to find out your allergen. (What it is that's causing your body"s reaction.) You can have your doctor test you, or even use one of the home allergy tests they have on the market now.  You need to let your doctor know. I had the same issue on depo. My dr. told me that my normal hormone levels were low, so the Depo didn't increase my level high enough for my body to be tricked into stop producing eggs. He also said it is possible for me to get pregnant during this time.  If you have been diagnosed with the HPV already, on your pap, now you will need to do further testing and the Gardisol Injection will be pointless.  "Convince" a reluctant "child" to get a flu shot? Who is the adult and who is the child. There's no convincing a child. I've seen bribery done. If it was my situation, the child would have learned right from the beginning that sometimes we must do things that aren't the most pleasant but will be over soon. Never lie to a child and say it won't hurt. There was one thing I taught and allowed my children to do for a shot: Either alone or accompanied by me, to sing as loud as possible Happy Birthday. It always worked and they always wanted me to sing along, loud. Of course, the Dr. was warned first.  It takes approximately 24-48 hours for initial symptoms to appear after exposure to the influenza virus.  no it isnt the shot actually carries influenza virus so its very common to get the flu after having the shot  I'm answering this as simply a patient with Osteoarthritis of the knees at age 46. My activity level is I did play racquetball 2-3X/week but have eliminated that due to severe pain in knees. I now keep active officiating soccer throughout most of the year, including High School Level soccer. Playing Linesman takes its toll on your knees. My experience with co-steroid injections, INITIALLY, was very positive. It reduced inflammation almost instantly and relieved pain for, again initially, upwards to 3 months. However, my last injections only lasted about 3 weeks. My doctor has now introduced me to Euflexxa which are injections of a hyaluronic acid that acts as a 'cushion' in the joints of the knee (notice I'm NOT a doctor). I can say I'm on treatment 2 of 3 required shots and have noticed an incredible sense of pain relief. The test will truly come when I expose my knees to physical activity like I normally do and see how long these shots last. No side effects experienced as well.  i know when i had strep throat every thing burnes and i could not swallow at all. water burned the worst to. popsicles and pudding was the easiest on my throat  could lead to serios cmplications  yes   Have your dentist check for TMJ. This is where the upper jaw is popping and sounds like popcorn crunching. Temporomandibular disorders (TMD) occur as a result of problems with the jaw, jaw joint and surrounding facial muscles that control chewing and moving the jaw. These disorders are often incorrectly called TMJ, which stands for temporomandibular joint. What Is the Temporomandibular Joint (TMJ)? The temporomandibular joint (TMJ) is the hinge joint that connects the lower jaw (mandible) to the temporal bone of the skull, which is immediately in front of the ear on each side of your head. The joints are flexible, allowing the jaw to move smoothly up and down and side to side and enabling you to talk, chew, and yawn. Muscles attached to and surrounding the jaw joint control the position and movement of the jaw. What Causes TMD? The cause of TMD is not clear, but dentists believe that symptoms arise from problems with the muscles of the jaw or with the parts of the joint itself. Injury to the jaw, temporomandibular joint, or muscles of the head and neck  such as from a heavy blow or whiplash  can cause TMD. Other possible causes include: Grinding or clenching the teeth, which puts a lot of pressure on the TMJ Dislocation of the soft cushion or disc between the ball and socket Presence of osteoarthritis or rheumatoid arthritis in the TMJ Stress, which can cause a person to tighten facial and jaw muscles or clench the teeth  Don't know  yes  yes because i was  Alcohol affects every single organ in the body when one may think just the liver. I will say that one glass of wine has been proven that it is not harmful and some studies show it is good for your body. A shot of liquor will have more harm as the alcohol is highly concentrated but still has little to no effect at all on one's body. One beer will cause essentially no harm in the body as well. Now when looking at two or more drinks is when alcohol begins to turn downhill. Starting with the most important organ, your heart beat is slowed down as it is a depressant which is why caffeine is strongly disapproved while drinking. Excessive drinking amounts can cause an irregular heartbeat and difficulties down the road. The brain is affected and obviously alcohol kills brain cells. It also blocks neuron receptors which is a reason why people tend make stupid decisions while drinking. An alcoholic's brain in a study have had scans done and become significantly different from those of people who do not drink. The liver can gain fatty cells that can be hazardous if alcohol continues to be consumed over a period such as a couple years. Other problems can arise such as jaundice and liver cancer but will be caused by a lot more than just one drink for a very long time. Alcohol is also a diuretic which means it dehydrates the body which is why when drinking alcohol, many people pee out a lot of water from their body to help pass the poisons from alcohol faster. Kidneys are affected by having their functioning percentages being lowered if excessive drinking occurs. Other organs have are affected a little such as breathing and bowel movements will be slower. Another part of the body that may unnoticeably be affected is the esophagus and thyroid but primarily from liquor (not so much wine and beer) due to the higher level of alcohol percentage which results in a burning sensation when going down the throat. Ultimately, drinking one glass of alcohol will have little to no effect on a person. Drinking in moderation is the key and keeping your drinks below 4 is helpful as well. Hope this helps  Writing a dissertation administration is a standout amongst the most difficult errands that students confront all through their academic profession. Be that as it may, compelling arranging of writing dissertation will bring about the student to get their fancied review that they are searching for. Our custom dissertation draft writing service, not just do we give you dissertation help, we likewise give you quality dissertation writers where we help you draft, and arrangement your dissertation in advance.  There's some literature that suggest the vaccine may protect against progression of disease in women who already have HPV-related changes. Not a lot of evidence, but some suggest it may help.  It sounds like this year from what I have been reading on the CDC page there are 4 different strains out this year  massage leg  get your apendix checked out  some birth controls make your body feel as if it was pregnant so you might get some of the symptoms of being pregnant  yes he can, if it's in the lungs it won't bother the heart, unless he is allergic to penicillin then i would suggest a different antibiotic. i could be wrong but ask your family doctor before doing so. just for a back up answer.  Back of your arm. pinch skin, clean with alcohol prep, go in at a 45 degree angle, draw back a little after you are in to make sure you didn't hit a vessel. MAKE SURE YOU GET THE AIR OUT OF THE MEDICINE BEFORE YOU INJECT IT INTO YOURSELF. you'll want to make sure it is not a long needle as well. clean with alcohol prep after. I am studying to be and EMT IV and just learned how to do this. I would suggest getting a doctor to do it though unless they told you to do it yourself. You do not want to mess anything up in there.  15 mins.  I have had a lot of back pain since I had gotten an epidural and the pain is usually in the general area where I received the shot...that's just my own experience.  Possible Pink eye. You need to get him in to his Dr. This is very contagious.  Shingles are not contagious. However, if you have not had chickenpox you may develop chickenpox after being exposed to shingles. Only the drainage from the blisters can spread herpes zoster , which is the virus that causes shingles and chickenpox. Once the blisters crust over they are no longer contagious and before blisters break out the virus cannot be spread. If you have had the chickenpox, the herpes zoster virus is already lying dormant in your system. To put it in a nutshell, one person with shingles CANNOT spread shingles to another person. I have been a nurse for 25 years and cared for those with shingles numerous times.  the shot should work it never pointless so i would get it but before that ask your doctor if your worried about it that is why they are there for or the nurse one of them can answer better  no  I just want to say go with natural way to lose weight rather than any injections or pills.  I had this as well. I had the shot in my left shoulder yesterday and then the left side of my face went numb 5 hours later. 24 hours later it still doesn't feel quite right. Doc's are stumped and want me to watch it. Think it may be a sensation reaction. I get tingly on the left side of my tongue and random parts of my body occasionally. No twitching or drooping of face muscles. No more flu shots for this girl!  I got the depo shot after I had my son in 97 I didnt have my period till 00 till this day my periods have not been normal and I have not been able to get pregnet for over 14 yrs  The Gardasil vaccine is meant to be preventative care. It won't do any good once you've already acquired the virus. It would be like getting a flu shot to try and get rid of the flu. It just doesn't work that way. Sorry.  norma gerena  I would take him/her now... that way they can look at her and get a better understanding of what is going on.  i cant give you a sure answer but i can say its possible only for the idea that when u workout your blood flow increases and with that the blood in your eyes do ... as for why u would have bloodshot eyes it unclear, do u have high blood pressure by any chance .... or or u talking anything to enhance ur workouts .. cause that can be a cause possibley, if it doeant stop i would say go to your doctor , my brother had blood shot eyes all the time and its not form anything green :P but allergies if your workingout outside maybe ur near something bothering you .... either way maybe even a quick call to the doctor cant hurt he will let u know if its something to worry about , hope this helped  i also had the depo shot for 2 years became prego after 1 1/2 years of stoppin , my periods came back but were never normal again for example i had 7 days of bleeding b4 now up to 4 the most , but i have heard some research showing that depo has made some people unable to have children how long were you on it ?, i really think you should talk to your doctor about this and try to get a lil info on the newly discoverd things about depo hope this helped and good luck !  i was on depo many years ago and i remember it takeing more than a year and the doctor will also tell you this unlike pills or patches , depo is strong stuff the best way to see if your fertile is to try a opk witch will test your ovulation you can get them in the pharmacy, also chart down your bbt, take your temp every morning before you get out of bed , right after you ovulate your temp should go up alittle but a few points of a degree, but in the case of depo it may take some time ..... i would look into going online and buying the bulk sets they have on amazan for example , read the reviews and make the choice that best fits your and your budget. if your ttc it may be a good idea for you to buy the set of ovulation and hpt together its a great deal. also the directions are a bit different from the kind you would buy at the pharmacy so do your homework before buying something you dont fully understand . i really hoped this helped you and dont sweat if it takes a while to get normal again i was on depo for more than 3 years and got prego with my son whos now 4 a year and 5 months after stoping :) good luck hope everything turns out good ...  also for me i wasent normal for more than a year , thats very normal with depo i dont think its anything to worry about , if your trying to have a baby it likely you wont be able to untill a year or so after getting of the shot .... i got prego with my son i year and 5 months after getting off the shot , if you are trying its best to take an opk to see of your ovulating again :)  My father is actually going through a very similar scenario currently. His next options after the epidural blocks and steroid blocks is surgery. I believe his two choices for surgery is a fusion vs. removal of the bulging disc.  it depends on how long you where on and did you have your period  It stands for Nephrogenic Systemic Fibrosis or NSF. Now it many mean something entirely different to your doctor. Have you been diagnosed with this?  nodules are normal and as you become older, one seems to obtain more. If the nodules continue to grow, a biopsy should be performed to test for cancer, Most of the time nodules are benign.  The injection of the dye does not do anything. They do ask you if you have seafood allergies.If so, they will offer other alternatives.  Right now my husband is going through the same thing they can't find anything either  my doctor decreased dose by .5 mg every 2 months. Seemed to tolerate fine. Keep in mind, your dose is very low to begin with (<10mg) - should not cause you must discomfort&nbsp;if any.&nbsp;  I am surprised your doctor didn't tell you that not getting your period is one of the side effects. I've been getting the depo shot for 4 years now and haven't been getting a period, just occassional spotting, which is a normal side effect as well. Just make sure to get extra calcium because it thins your bones over time, but when you get off it, your bones will start getting back to normal. Nothing to worry about with not getting a period.  Had simalar problem and could not get any answers. Researched simalar conditions for over two years. finally found a possibile answer, (not a cure but keeps them at bay). Cut Out All Pork Out of your diet. Read all Labels and take caution, no chips fried in pork fat, no lunch meat, no canned meats, etc.,etc., It took me about three months for the bacteria, enzymes, ??? what ever it is in pork to get purged out of my system, and it worked. Have not had any reoccurances since then. It may be worth a shot, ain't gonna hurt. Good Luck.  If this was my child I would take her to the doctors and she/he will probably give another DTP (Diphtheria/Tetanus/Pertussis) shot just to be on the safe side. Tetanus is a very, very bad thing to get and is not so easily cured, it has to run it's course. Best be on the safe side.  Depends a lot on the injection site and how nervous you are and how painful the shot is. When having them in my neck, yes, I have gotten a bit woozy because I was very tense anticipating a lot of pain. But I have had them in my lumbar spine and elbows and knees without any wooziness.  24-48 hours depends on whats wrong.  yes esp if the doctor hit a nerve i have them now from injections  i think you should have your meal first then straight after take your insulin.Then you can work out how much insulin to take depending on how much you ate and also what you ate.  when a teenager is taking the depo shot and has fever, headaches, joint pain and runny nose. Has been tested for the flue, mono, strep-throat and was negative. If her symptoms are from the depo shot how can it be treated.  it does depend on how long you were on depo, i used depo between all three of my pregnancies and it always took me a year after getting off of it to actually get pregnant again .  24 hours is going to be ready the result  I had injections 6 days ago in low spine. Woke this morning with bad muscle cramps in my thighs and caves. Later in the day I even was having cramps in my shoulders. I also had a headache in the top of my head that lasted most of the day. I do not know if it is the medicine or the fluid loss from the shots. It is nice seeing my ankles look normal again; the steroids did that but maybe I lost too much fluid.  I had back pain after getting an epidural for a couple months after a couple of my kids, I also had some migrains.  my hubby same way .he is currently in rehab.learning how to walk again.he had a stroke.he has been in rest home for a month now and can't come till he walks with walker.our house is not adaptable to wheel chair.  I have had surgery on both knees from skiing through the years. Want to guess what the symptoms were.....? Go see the Dr. It isn't just a bruise. Knees are a lot more delicate than we give them credit for.  You need to seriously evaluate your common sense. A stray dog licking you means he trusts and likes you. Quit letting anxiety make it anything more. If concerned, wash your hand with soapy warm water. End of story.  I have been doing a lot of research on lupron because I am thinking of taking it, and all that I can come up with is this seems normal, but if you are really concerned talk to your doctor asap.  