When my ACL was torn it did not bother my foot unless i put pressure on it, most of the pain was in my knee.  I experience dizziness, shortness of breath, exhaustion, swelling in the legs too extreme pain in the joints, irritability, was tested for bacteria and was a flat line test, called a breath test for two hours  That's honestly hard to answer. I am going to SPECULATE and say it's a muscle or tendon or ligament there that may have been damaged/torn during the accident. I think this because of how you said it feels soft at first, then hard throughout the day and then can be massaged away. If you only tore part of a tendon/ligament/muscle it would knot up like you mentioned. I recommend telling your physician the next time you go to the doctor because if my theory is correct, you risk further injuring the area. Better to fix it NOW than wait till you're crippled, right?  Typically these can stay in your system for up to 30 days depending on your metabolism, sometimes longer. That is for a urine test. A hair test can show any substance for up to 6 months to a year depending on hair growth.  I have someone in my family who has had a traumatic brain injury. He has been on numerous prescriptions since August 2012 given to him by his neurologist. Let me also add he was hit by a 90 lb. crankshaft that fell from 9 feet in the air off of a pallet. The crankshaft landed midway on the left-side of the back of his head, neck, and back. The doctor started him on hydrocodone and this only made matters worse (headache wise). He was then put on oxycodone which has been a lifesaver. Oxycodone helps when nothing else does. God bless you and I hope you get to feeling better.  May be gout, if it is near the joint(?)  I was in a car accident, where we rolled 4 times. I had a large knot in the top part of my thigh.. 22 days later I noticed my right ankle start to swell.. I blamed it on being to hot out side & done allot of walk this day.. The next morning the swelling was into my calf as well.. Then from my knee cap too my toes turned ice cold, as if I kept my leg in an ice-box.. I went and seen my dr. and he sent me rite over to the hospital for a deep vain-throices.. Found nothing other then the knot in my leg that I told her of, plus she could see it & the swelling.. This was on a Friday.. So my dr. told me to keep off it, and elevate it.. I did so.. Monday morning there was NO CHANGE.. I called my dr. back and they said he'd call me back.. At 3:30pm 5 hours later, I called back, and she told me he would call around 4:30-5:00pm.. No return call.. So yesterday I went to the E.R. and they did a bunch of test, and found nothing, that would be causing me the swelling... The ER dr. said that it MAY be the knot dispersing and the fluid from it is going to the lower end of the knot area, but to keep my foot up, stay off it as much as I can.. I've stayed off it, but I'm still having swelling, and pain on the out-side of my right thigh, and tenderness in my ankles.. Please tell me what this could be from, and if there is any other test they should do.. They have done blood-work, urain, CT. 2 ulltasounds, E.K.G. I didn't mention that in the roll over I got a bad concousin, and something scalbed me.. My hair has stated to grow back out.. Please help me to help them to find what it is that is causing this.. Oh yea, I also have really bad headache, and I get tired real easy.. And they have not done any CT or MRI on my brain.. PLEASE HELP ME... IT'S GOT ME VERY WORRIED... Thanks for your help.. Amanda LaRock   Your posting appears to be inappropriate for WebMD Answers. I don't need to see any pictures. The obvious reactions that you were attempting to achieve by inserting sexually crude content failed. I am neither shocked nor angry; I am disappointed.   Please accept my answer as a respectful attempt to be helpful. Lets start with the last piece of your question first. Where do you turn? Family, local church members, neighbors, or friends may assist you in driving you to medical appointments that are out of the immediate area. You may also consider calling your government officials to determine what medical transportation benefits are available to an individual with your needs. Your state of residence has a department of health and a governors office that can direct you to treatment facilities and find you a suitable travel method. The relationship between you and your doctor has been fractured. Can it be salvaged? Like many interactions that have become strained in life, sometimes all that is needed for repair is for someone to apologize. Why not have that someone be you. No matter how right you feel that you were, do not mention anything about lying or try to defend your behavior. You may say something like, This back pain is so intense that Ive become an emotional wreck. I am sorry that we got off to a rocky beginning and hope that we can start over again. Doctors run their own businesses and are permitted great latitude in determining treatment options, or even, if they want to treat you at all. Doctors in 2014 work long hours, have to be concerned about their every action resulting in a potential court action, and must follow the treatment paths dictated by insurance companies. Trust me when I tell you that no legitimate doctor in this country would refuse to discuss the potential risks of a planned procedure before performing it. At the very least, you would be required to sign paperwork describing the risks versus benefits of any operative procedure. Lastly, it is in your best interest to learn everything possible about your condition. That may mean reading internet articles and books to determine the possible causes of your herniated disc, treatment options, and the prognosis. In summary: It is difficult to determine the exact extent of your disc disorder. What is the location of the herniated disc? There are a lot of spinal column vertebrae between Cervical 1 and Sacral 5 (not considering the 5 fused coccyx bones). How severe is the bulge according to radiologic imaging? Your choices for improvement are to either see another doctor using my suggested methods for travel or to fix the relationship between you and your current doctor. I hope that your condition improves quickly. Your pain is real and deserves resolution.   Is the worker comp money replacing social security income (including SSA Disability)? If it isn't replacing SSA, then the W.C. income most likely is not taxable. Amounts you receive as workers' compensation for an occupational sickness or injury are almost always fully exempt from tax if they are paid under a workers' compensation act. There is an exception to this general rule as follows: When a taxpayer receives workers compensation rather than Social Security disability benefits and this compensation reduces the amount of Social Security they receive, the workers compensation is taxed at the same rate as Social Security benefits. The I.R.S. discusses Worker comp Benefits in their publication # 525.   Trauma cannot be excluded , and therefore the fall and tendon injury could be the source of your trigger finger condition. I suspect that since you're receiving P.T., that you've had diagnostic tests such as x-rays to rule-out other possible events such as a facture occurring during your accident. In trigger finger, there is restriction of the flexor tendon. The cause has been attributed to inflamation. The exact etiology is open to debate, but repetitive use, frequent and forceful squeezing of tools and hyperextension are on the top of list for its origin. It is possible that hyperextension occurred during your fall. Treatment efforts consist of cortisone injections, immobilization, and surgery. After 2 injections of cortisone without positive resolution, surgery is usually a consideration. Below is a link to a WebMd article on the topic. http://www.webmd.com/osteoarthritis/guide/trigger-finger  I'm sorry that you did not receive an appropriate response to your original question. Here is some information that you may find helpful. It is a safe bet that the knee damage did not occur during the actual surgical procedure.Patellar fractures occur most frequently after a blow to the knee occurs such as a fall. While complications from total hip replacement do not typically include knee breakage, I believe that it is possible. Many internet forum discussion responders claim that they experienced intense knee pain after their THR Surgery ( I did not see any reports of knee breakage). Some posters reported thigh problems after THR surgery. It should be noted that blood may collect in the lower extremities like the knee and ankle after THR and results in pain. Atrophy of the quadriceps muscle can also happen if exercise programs aimed at strengthening are not started in a timely manner. Femur fractures are a possible complication with THR as the thigh muscles can contract so violently that it pulls the patella apart. My conclusion: The hip, femur, and knee all work together. So it reasonable to conclude that some THR complication caused the knee damage. Additionally, your wife would surely know if she experienced a violent traumatic event to her knee. But since most knee breakage is a result of trauma such as experienced in a fall, it will be difficult to attribute the knee damage to the THR Surgery. I hope that your wife will feel well soon.   Yes, a "TIA", Transient Ischemic Attack, also known as a mini-stroke may cause some permanent damage. According to some recent studies, 15% of individuals experiencing a TIA had some result disability occurring within 90days of the episode. Disability in this case is defined as some routine daily activity that was able to be accomplished before the TIA, but is now unable to be performed. Based upon your description of the evaluations occurring after your TIA, it is a safe bet that to reason you sustained a cognitive disability and some degree of neurologic damage. Perhaps your neurologist will consider (or already is) treating you with a blood thinner to provide protection against blood clots and future TIA's or even a major stroke.  Yes, a "TIA", Transient Ischemic Attack, also known as a mini-stroke may cause some permanent damage. According to some recent studies, 15% of individuals experiencing a TIA had some result disability occurring within 90days of the episode. Disability in this case is defined as some routine daily activity that was able to be accomplished before the TIA, but is now unable to be performed. Based upon your description of the evaluations occurring after your TIA, it is a safe bet that to reason you sustained a cognitive disability and some degree of neurologic damage. Perhaps your neurologist will consider (or already is) treating you with a blood thinner to provide protection against blood clots and future TIA's or even a major stroke.  Thank you for the reply, Dr. Moser. Unfortunately, I am a member of the exclusive 'self-employed and too poor for insurance and make too much for welfare' category.  No, call your PCP.  So if this is what the doctor has said, that you have a pulled muscle, and you have had no relief, it is time for the "second opinion" I had pain between my shoulder blades, did all the PT, meds, everything, come to find out, I had broken my neck in two places, C3 C5, not fun. I think I would get a new MRI or CT of the spine, neck, shoulder, other things could have changed or be damaged more by now, since you report no improvement. You can not function in pain. There is a reason for pain, its the body telling you SOMETHING is wronng. So go get another opinion, if you have to have a referral, just ask your doctor for one, NO BIG DEAL, he works for you, remember? "said the nurse" LOL seriously have it all checked again, something is def wrong. Blessings and Be well  The X-ray may show bursitis it is extremely painfully so no it is not a wast of time. I'm no doctor but that's how they found bursitis in my hip and shoulders..  Do not confuse pain severity with an ACL tear. Torn is torn. If you tore your ACL you do not HAVE to fix it, however based on the activities you like to do or if you are having instability symptoms you may want to. The MRI will not quantify your pain. It is merely a picture. However it will show what other structures you may have also damaged with this injury. There are many functional people with ACL deficient knee who do just fine, however if you like turning twisting or cutting sports you may want to consider getting this reconstructed.  right ankle ankle on the left side is swollen and has pain and burning with limited movement  Could be up to 20 years. If they keep growing and they are stuck then you might have to resort to surgery unless you can dissolve them and flush them out.  I've had something similar in my mouth on the inside top of both my cheeks. I've always just figued they were extra flaps of skin as I'm able to move them around with my tongue. I've had them for as long as I can remember and have never had any problems.  There is no medical research that supports what you say, that having a catheter in for more than 2 months will damage the bladder. However, catheters that stay in (called indwelling urinary catheters or "Foleys") should only be used for a short period of time which has been defined as less than 30 days. If a person cannot void, then a catheter is necessary but an indwelling one is used until it is determined why the person cannot empty the bladder. IF it can't be reversed, then the person is taught to perform "self-catheterization" when the catheter is inserted several times a day and removed after the urine is drained from the bladder.  It's important to use an eye makeup remover that's specific for waterproof mascara. I am not a big fan of waterproof mascara for that very reason. I think it does coat the eyelashes a little too heavily and can be difficult to remove, and sometimes the eyelashes can come out with it. Fortunately, the eyelash cycle is pretty quick, so your hair will grow back very quickly over time, really within a matter of a few weeks. But it's uncomfortable if you are using it over a long period of time to keep losing lashes like that. So I would try recommending a water-based mascara, except for very special occasions when you really need something longer lasting. Then if you have the waterproof mascara, look for something that's very specific, and take your time. Let it sit on your lashes for a little bit longer and then rinse with lukewarm water, and then repeat the process without rubbing, because it's the rubbing that can physically remove the lashes.  Well, the great news is that you can reverse at least some of it. So the fact that you stopped what you have done, that alone will not only prevent further damage, but will also allow your skin to naturally repair itself. So that's one great thing. If you use topical retinoids; these are Vitamin A derivative products, whether it's over-the-counter products or from your dermatologist, that also helps renew your skin and repair some of that damage. Sometimes a damage has gone beyond what we can repair, and you might see that over time, so it's important to have a regular skin cancer screening and have the dermatologist look for anything that might be a sign of skin cancer, because found early, there's greater than a 96% cure rate. So you need to find anything early, and also keep an eye on your own skin. If you see anything changing, show your dermatologist. But you can repair to some extent, and you can make a very big difference in your skin.  There are excellent chemical peels or laser peels your dermatologist can offer you to help treat this very sensitive area. My preference is the fractional CO2 laser.  There are excellent chemical peels or laser peels your dermatologist can offer you to help treat this very sensitive area. My preference is the fractional CO2 laser.  There are excellent chemical peels or laser peels your dermatologist can offer you to help treat this very sensitive area. My preference is the fractional CO2 laser.  There are excellent chemical peels or laser peels your dermatologist can offer you to help treat this very sensitive area. My preference is the fractional CO2 laser.  ANYONE?  I'm sorry to hear you've suffered a spinal injury. That's always scary! "C-spine" refers to the cervical spine, which consists of the first 7 vertebrae (bones) at the top of the spine (the part of the spine that connects to the base of your skull). This part of the spinal column protects some very important major nerves, including the ones that enable a person to breathe. The question of whether or not you need surgery to correct your C-spine injury is entirely up to your doctor and depends on how severe the injury is. Minor injuries to the cervical spine may heal on their own, with help from stabilization (such as a soft or hard collar). More severe injuries may require surgery to ensure those major nerves I referred to don't get injured, as well. for degenerative disc disease or injury is not uncommon. I hope you find this information useful and that you're able to get through this without surgery!  I'm not sure why you believe you're leaking cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) from your nose, but if you truly are you need to seek immediate medical attention. CSF leakage from the nose certainly can occur after trauma, such as from a car accident. CSF is a colorless fluid that circulates throughout the spinal cord and brain. In fact, this fluid actually helps cushion the brain like a shock absorber. A nasal CSF leak due to trauma is considered a serious problem because you can get meningitis (inflammation of the membranes surrounding the brain) easily. A nasal CSF leak can occur due to tears in the tissue surrounding the brain. These tears must be surgically repaired. If you haven't received medical attention for this problem, please do so immediately. This type of problem definitely warrants a trip to the emergency room. I hope you feel better after your accident!  Good question. Let's just clarify that "blood pooling in the leg" isn't the same thing as a ). Many people have problems with lower leg circulation, which often is called . However, PVD may put a person at higher risk of developing a DVT. As to your question, yes, an injury to the leg definitely can cause problems with circulation. A broken hip or leg, or any type of injury that disrupts normal blood flow to the extremity can cause the type of fluid retention and pooling you describe. If you did not have your injury treated by a medical professional, now would be a good time to have this checked out. Your health care provider can assess the situation and get you appropriate treatment. Your provider may also be able to further clarify whether the leg injury contributed to the circulation problems. I hope this helps!  Good question. I guess I'm assuming you're the one with and that you have had this diagnosis confirmed by a doctor. If not, and you suspect you have in your neck, obviously you need to see a doctor as soon as possible because the situation could be very dangerous. Bones are very good at repairing themselves. In fact, bones are constantly remodeling their structure, replacing old cells with new ones. The type of treatment for a bone fracture depends on the location and severity of the break. For example, a simple broken arm may be treated only with stabilization (a cast) while the bone mends itself. On the other hand, a severe fracture of bones in the ankle may require surgery with the use of screws and plates to hold the bone fragments together. Like I said, if you suspect you have a broken bone in your neck from an injury, you need to seek medical attention. A doctor will advise you on what treatment is required, if any, for the situation. Best wishes to you!  Sorry to hear you're experiencing this. It sounds unpleasant! You're right: It could be . It could also be something entirely different. , for example, can cause a tingling/prickly sensation to the toes. The only way to determine for sure what's causing your symptoms is a physical examination by a health care provider. And even then you might not get an answer to your question. Why? Because there are so many possible causes for the symptoms you describe. Unless or until you experience additional symptoms, a physician may not be able to pinpoint exactly what's causing the toe tingling. One thing's for sure: The only way to begin figuring this out is to see a health care provider. I'd suggest you start with your primary care provider. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're experiencing this. How frustrating! Being able to enjoy a normal sex life is a very important part of our overall health. So, your situation definitely merits further investigation. You didn't say whether you injured your upper or lower back, but since your sexual problems seem to correlate with the back injury, I'd suggest you ask your doctor to investigate whether you may have damaged any nerves in the lower back that relate to sexual arousal. This could be a possible cause for your symptoms. I do believe it's true that orgasms for both sexes become less strong as we get older and may take longer to achieve. But since you're getting right to the brink but can't get over the edge, I don't think aging is the issue here. I think you should see your doctor again. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're suffering from this. The shoulder is a very complex joint, so your symptoms could be caused by a number of things. Usually, when an x-ray is "negative," it means there's no broken bone, which is a relief. Unfortunately, it's not possible to diagnose an injury like yours in an online forum. You've done the right thing by seeing a medical professional and getting an x-ray. That doesn't mean you shouldn't follow up and press for more details, though. In fact, this is exactly what I'd suggest. As long as the shoulder isn't getting better, continue to follow up every few weeks with your healthcare provider. A few common causes of shoulder pain like you describe are: a damaged , a injury, and ligament damage. Injuries to the bursa or a ligament will heal with time. A rotator cuff injury may or may not; it depends on the severity of the injury. Anyway, keep following up with your medical provider. You may need to be re-examined to make sure you don't have a soft tissue injury that requires intervention. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear about your injury. That's no fun! Unfortunately, there's no straight answer to your question. Lifting weights has to do with fitness level, not age. I know 55 year old women who can bench press over 100 pounds, and I know 30 year old women who can barely lift a 5 pound dumbbell. If the ability to lift up to 50 pounds is a requirement of your job, I suggest you ask your doctor about physical therapy to help increase your upper body strength without injuring your back. Or, after you've been cleared by a doctor to return to normal duty, you could consider increasing your fitness level by working out on your own. Be sure to start slowly and gradually build up your strength and endurance. WebMD has a great that can help you get started. Just remember: always get your doctor's permission before starting any exercise program! Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It can't hurt to get an opinion about your breast pain from a plastic and reconstructive surgeon, preferably the one who performed the original procedure. While it's likely the cause of the pain is simply scar tissue that has developed over the years, it could be something else. And that's why getting an examination is the first step in figuring out what is causing your pain. As you probably know, all breast implants run the risk of becoming somewhat stiff and hard over the years as a result of encapsulation by fibrous tissue. As time goes on, this tissue can cause pain due to "pulling" on adjacent tissue or the breast implant itself. And, of course, breast implants do not in any way protect against breast cancer. Any woman with cosmetic breast implants should receive the same routine mammograms as a woman with natural breasts. If you can't see the surgeon who performed the original surgery, you can always start by seeing your family doctor or primary care provider. He or she will do an initial evaluation and get you off to see a specialist, if needed. Wishing you well!  I suggest you return to your health care provider for a re-check. You could be experiencing a new illness that's unrelated to the sinus infection. Or perhaps it wasn't a sinus infection, after all, but a virus that has now gone down into your lungs. Regardless, if you're having trouble breathing it's worth getting checked out. Hope this helps!  My short answer to your question is this: Any time you've got a lump on the head, and you're worried about it, it's OK to go see the doctor. A major point I want to make is this: Never, take a blood-thinning pain reliever, such as Advil (ibuprofen, also goes by the name Motrin), aspirin (brand names Excedrin, Bufferin, Anacin, etc.), or naproxyn (brand names Alleve, Naprosyn), after hitting your head. These medications can cause bleeding, which could turn a not-so-serious injury into a very serious injury. I'm glad your husband seems to be doing fine, and it's always better for the swelling to be on the outside of the skull than the inside. However, if your husband has (the black dots at the center of his eyeball), slurred speech, or loss of balance, you should take him to the doctor right away. These can be signs of a more serious head injury. With a bruise the size you're describing, it's likely your husband has suffered a . These may range from mild to severe. Again, if you have any concerns about the extent of his head injury, your safest bet is always to seek medical attention.Since it's been more than 24 hours since the accident, you don't need to rush to the emergency room. But you definitely can get evaluated at an urgent care facility or ask your primary care provider to work your husband in for an appointment soon. Best wishes to you!  That kind of weird, isn't it? Unfortunately, only a physical examination can help figure out what those marks are. From your description, they almost sound like stretch marks, but the shin would be a very odd place to find stretch marks. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider to get them looked at. I don't think they're the hallmark of anything serious, but I'm not a doctor. A physician, nurse practitioner, or physician assistant might see these marks as a sign of some other condition. That's why I'm suggesting you see a doctor. This isn't an emergency situation, but it's worth getting checked out. I realize this answer is unsatisfying, but I hope you find it helpful!  I'm sorry to hear what your ex-husband is going through. It must be a frightening time for him. You ask a good question, regarding a traumatic brain injury and the possible link to dementia. I think the jury's still out on that one. We suspect there may be a link, but I don't believe researchers have confirmed this. Regardless, your ex-husband's symptoms should be evaluated by his primary care provider. If you have a good relationship with your ex, you might urge him to seek care out of concern for his well-being. Your first responsibility in the situation is your children's safety. Obviously, I cannot and would not presume to give legal advice. If you feel it's unsafe for your husband to drive your children or have contact with them, you should engage an attorney. Wishing you well!  You must ALWAYS talk to your Dr, counselor, minister, or any adut (if your not being treated by someone) talk to some adult that can be trusted. ALL antidepressants usually take at least 3 but usually 4-6 weeks before you see positive benifets. But if its making you feel worse, call your Dr. LIKE yesterday and report exactly how your feeling and all the awful thoughts going through your head. No one told me any of this at your age and I ended up trying to commit suicide. Thank God I was rotten at it and someone from above was watching over me. Most antidepressants these days are called SSRI's as they change the level of seratonin in your brain, and most people are helped by one or more of them, but I'm not one of them. I finally found a drug that came our long before the others called nortriptyline that works differantly. So go to your phone a leave an emergency voice mail if you have to with your Dr then call first AM again and again till you reach them and make sure you don't leave out anything due to embarassment. Only you and they will know whats discussed unless they feel you or someone else is in immediate danger. And Good Luck, your rotten teen years only SEEM to be a lifetime, they'll be over before you know it. JJ  Hi brendabreezy , My mother and I have gone through this. Your oxygen level most likely is dropping at night due to "sleep apnea" which is when you stop breathing for a period of time every few minutes (usally while snoring) and thus your not getting enough oxygen in your lungs, brain, heart, ect.. An oxygen level of 78 is very low so they may want to do blood tests to rule out blood disorders and due a check on your white blood cell count and see if any of the labs show whatt could be causing your fatiguel. If not, something else could be going on. In my Mothers and my cases we both have COPD (corany obstrutive pulminary disease). You can have that with Bronchitis and/or Emphysima as it is a respiratory disorder that does end up doing damage to your lungs as well as your heart over time. But with your other problems I can only take a wild guess. You should write down or type all your questions for the doctor (make copy for yourself to make sure Dr doesn't just skip over the hard quesions) and see what he is trying to find out and what is already ruled out. Depression can affect your healing process as mind over matter isn't just a saying. And if you no longer have insurance, see if you will qualify for a Medicaid card with your income level. If not there are clinics that charge low prices for the working poor but you will have to call around to find them. Good Luck, JJ  Yes 100% true i am already sufferd by this experiment  Well if its happening in your lower back I would say that it could be a UTI. Does it feel like you have to pee alot?  Elizabeth at this point I would suggest you speak to your family doctor if you have one to be referred to an orthopedic doctor or an orthopedic surgeon. They would be the best person to evaluate and deal with your condition. When you are at the point where you are "popping" the joint out of place or your nerve is "pinched". When we get injuries to our hips we tend to limp,change the way we walk. That can throw the body off balance, causing back,knee or ankle pain. So speak to your doctor soon. Good luck to you, I hope you get relief to your problem  I don't know enough about your activity level. Surgery is usually recommended in people young to mid age, those wanting to lead a more aggressive or active lifestyle, and those who continue to experience symptoms of instability. These criteria usually emcompass most people.  Difficult to answer this question. It would depend if other injuries where present in your knee other than just an ACL. If just an ACL, a successful replacement over time should usually not necessitate use of a brace, however there are a subset of patiets that feel more comfortable, confident, and secure using a brace postoperatively for a very long period of time. There may be multiple reasons why patient' want to do this.  This caught my attention because I would like to ask what types of aches and pains have you been experiencing that you need to take this medication as frequently as you do? Have you spoken to a doctor or health care provider about your pain and has it been evaluated? There may be better options for you once you are evaluated.  I would not recommend taking ginkgo biloba if you have diabetes. We have some data that shows it interacts with quite a few medications, and in my opinion its better to be safe than sorry.  Without insurance I would head to an urgent care center for this type of health issue. The clinics are staffed by doctors and they treat a wide range of ailments, including infections, lacerations, and bone fractures -- conditions that require immediate medical attention but that dont pose a threat to life or limb. To find a center near you, you can check the website of the Urgent Care Association of America: http://www.ucaoa.org.  You're now guaranteed a health plan which will help you pay for the care you need to address your bipolar disorder and ptsd, and if your income is low you'll likely be able to find a plan at a reasonable cost.  It would be best to discuss this with your primary orthopedics doctor. Given your medical history of knee problems and procedures it may be helpful to get a second opinion from another orthopedics doctor. Having copies of your previous MRI reports and medical records that you can share with the doctor would also be helpful.  Yep it can. When there is a a traumatic injury to your body there is an increase in adrenaline and other hormones; the process of releasing more sugar is called gluconeorgenesis.  yes  If you are concerned about your kidneys while taking ramipril and Avalide, you should talk to your health-care professional. He or she will probably conduct routine blood tests to check your kidney function if there is a concern.  Although biotin plays a role in metabolism, there are no studies to show it helps with weight loss. The key for weight loss is to make changes to diet and exercise. You can see a registered dietitian (go to eatright.org) or you can create your own .  I have the same problem. Don't really remember hurting my leg, but have had an indentation on it for a couple of years and seems to be getting deeper. It is bruised and is always feels hotter than the rest of my leg. It normally dons't hurt, but lately when I walk sometimes I can feel the pull on my shin with slight pain.  The presence of hepatitis C infection in the liver triggers the human immune system, which leads to inflammation. Over time (usually decades), prolonged inflammation may cause scarring. Extensive scarring in the liver is called cirrhosis. When the liver becomes cirrhotic, the liver fails to perform its normal functions, (liver failure), and this leads to serious complications and even death. Cirrhotic livers also are more prone to become cancerous.  Im saddened to report recent findings that obese teens with type 2 diabetes have increased risk of cognitive impairment and abnormalities in the white matter of the brain, compared to other teens who are at the same weight but do not have diabetes. This is another example of the seriousness of the obesity epidemic, which has led to an alarming increase in type 2 diabetes in adolescents. Such children will almost certainly have to make a choice as adults whether to spend the rest of their lives taking increasing doses of diabetes medications, or whether to get gastric bypass surgery or something similar. A small minority will escape having to make this choice by overcoming great odds and taking control of their eating and exercise. Many say the key to saving these kids is to change the environment in which they live, starting with the foods the parent or parents keep in the house. Improving food choices in school cafeterias and placing greater emphasis on exercise at school are other important steps. However, I believe the prognosis is very poor for any child with obesity until that individual makes a decision that he or she is the only one who can solve the problem. Until the teen decides he or she must learn to prepare food and find the time to exercise, then there is no reasonable chance of success. In my view, we need more teachers, coaches, parents, nurses, doctors, dietitians and others who work with children and adolescents to recognize that this is the key to helping individual kids. We need to create scenarios that help these children come to this realization, and we need to provide opportunities that allow them to learn the skills that will allow them to succeed once they decide to take control.  There are many potential causes to this, including a nerve problem. Given how long it's lasted and the fact that is hasn't gone away, it's time to get your doctor to check you out. You need to have an examination by your doctor to determine what follow-up tests you may need to get to the bottom of the pain. As you said, these aren't typical headaches and the description of your symptoms does not automatically point to something in particular.  rest ankle  Hi The Answer is yes, an injury can stay hidden, its a fact, I have had one. Then the injury comes when you do something so slight, its then the real pain comes to the front. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, This numbness is the same as tingling, you could have or you may have some deep bruising and this is blocking the nerves. Treatment for now would be rest and relaxation, if you have some idea just were it is you could ice pack the area, this would help the bruising and help relieve any pain, and very slowly things should get back to normal. Hope this helps! unless somebody else has a different plan. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi If you have a free ER go there, its about all you can do, or find a dentist who gives credit? Good Luck  Hi For a start have you read up about carpal tunnel, what it is? and how you would get carpal tunnel syndrome? but doing 9 hours of serious scrubbing, would be a good way to get the syndrome, its under the end of your life line, wrist end. So if you was scrubbing that long and putting pressure on your carpal tunnel, this would inflame the tunnel, hence you now have carpal tunnel syndrome, I would not think its the time you was employed, but the job you was given with poor working tools, the way you would hold a scrubbing brush the edge would be along your life line, not a good position for 9 straight hours of work. But then I'm from the UK? Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Find the best neurosurgeon your can find, get him to do tests, and has knowledge of his kind of problem, the see a lawyer. Also see a good back doctor. who can diagnose his problem and can help with the problem, again see the same lawyer. If this accident was the company's fault, he then has a good case. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Could be just a trapped nerve, may rectify itself soon. Good Luck  Hi As you can see this next was copied from the FDA. Information for Healthcare Professionals: Concomitant Use of Ibuprofen and Aspirin New Information [9/2006] Ibuprofen can interfere with the anti-platelet effect of low dose aspirin (81 mg per day), potentially rendering aspirin less effective when used for cardioprotection and stroke prevention. Healthcare professionals should advise consumers and patients regarding the appropriate concomitant use of ibuprofen and aspirin. This information reflects FDAs current analysis of data available to FDA concerning these drugs. FDA intends to update this sheet when additional information or analyses become available. So it would be best to stop the aspirin, why you take the Advil, Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Best advice, go see your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi Have a read up about this, may help you. Cauda equina syndrome (CES) is a particularly serious type of nerve root problem. Just google the first part. Good Luck   Hi Have a read up about this, may help you. Cauda equina syndrome (CES) is a particularly serious type of nerve root problem. Just google the first part. Good Luck  Hi It would depend how long ago this accident was, and the conditions it has brought on, to count as pre-existing it would depend on the company's rules. Good Luck  Hi Sorry its not from any injuries, its just something some of us get, along with the pains, its a build up of calcium deposits between the joints. Try banging the together to break it down, or get a big elastic band, put this over your big toes, with your feet together, just keep pulling you toes apart, both are meant to break it down. Or there's a very painful operation. Your choice. Good Luck  Hi So go back, tell them what's been happening, you still have a problem if its been bleeding all this time. Did they take an xray? But please get back. Good Luck  Hi As this pain is now getting worst, I think its time to get either to your doctor or an ER, you should not let this carry on to long. Good Luck  Hi So was there blood in the bed? did you have any blood on your fingers? do you not feel pain if you scratch your scrotum hard? do you feel touch on your scrotum?  Hi, If this has given you some kind of swilling in the wrong place then yes, it will be shutting down blood flow to your penis, hence your not getting the erections you want, but with a groan strain I think it would be best to lay off sex for the time being, this could aggravate it more, even if this is for masturbating, just keep off till its a bit better. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK I do know its hard but if you masturbate and you have said so on here why should you be ashamed of telling your doctor. I think you would have felt something go and it would have hurt really bad, so think of this the average size of a penis is 4.5 to 5.5 inch's long when erect, so some are bigger, so think of the length of your brush handle, so how dose that compere in size. Look as long as your using lubrication when masturbating you should be OK. Here's a tip go to www.dodsonandross.com your find it very interesting, down the left hand side you will see, things like masturbating, how to orgasm, and lots more even when you get to it, first time love making. If your having any sexual problems you can post to Dr Betty Dodson, she is one great lady, and yes she will answer you. Hope your UTI gets better soon and don't worry so much. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Look for your own good get to an ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi I think your find an MRI would show tendon damage but not nerve, did the injury involve your elbow? your fine every thing runs round the outside of you elbow, perhaps its here that the damage is. Tendon and ligaments can heal there self's, but it takes time and the right treatment, icing it 3 times a day will help, a cheap packet of frozen peas, just wrap it and get it on the outside of your elbow for 20 minutes, and tens treatment would help, both of these draw extra blood into the area, extra blood adds healing. Getting this part right may just add the nerves? Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See answer above.  Hi You may only find the answer if you can get an MRI done of the area, for something to be going on that long. That's if you can get it done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi An MRI would help solve your problem of being either tendon or ligaments. Have a good look at the link below shows were your ligaments are, and you can change it for tendons. http://www.footeducation.com/ligaments-of-foot-and-ankle/ Just copy into google to the www. To open and read. Good Luck  Hi If I was you I would get to your doctor, even though your on the young side it could be Pyronies disease, and get some tests done you also want to urologist, he should be able to sort you out. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK best be off to your pysio therapist for some treatment, tens will help, but get in swimming daily, I had something similar, mine was left knee, outside left broken and inside badly damaged, had twenty sessions of tens treatment, did simple exercises like leg extensions with low weights around ankle, and did leg pull downs with low weights, but lucky I have a pool, so could swim daily did over a kilometre a day just doing breast stroke leg work, it got there in the end. They do repair thereselve's, I will tell you now there is no quick fix, just time, your know when its fixed. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK best be off to your pysio therapist for some treatment, tens will help, but get in swimming daily, I had something similar, mine was left knee, outside left broken and inside badly damaged, had twenty sessions of tens treatment, did simple exercises like leg extensions with low weights around ankle, and did leg pull downs with low weights, but lucky I have a pool, so could swim daily did over a kilometre a day just doing breast stroke leg work, it got there in the end. They do repair thereselve's, I will tell you now there is no quick fix, just time, your know when its fixed. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi here are some links below the may help you, and help understand things a bit better. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Abscess/Pages/Causes.aspx http://www.nativeremedies.com/ailment/natural-treatments-for-skin-abscess.html http://www.earthclinic.com/search.php?cx=partner-pub-2476760853251960%3Ae2s0aw4vhqg&cof=FORID%3A10&ie=ISO-8859-1&q=leg+absess&sa=&siteurl=www.earthclinic.com%2Failments.html%3Fltr%3DA%23ailments&ref=www.earthclinic.com%2Failments.html&ss=4793j2972631j10 http://www.cayennepepper.info/treating-wounds-with-cayenne-pepper.html All these links you will have to copy into google to read them, the last one is the odd ball, no real facts are know about it with an absess, but seeing as were you are could the ace in the hole, sorry for the pun, just give it a try, clean it out fill it up and put a cover over it and change it daily. Do hope it helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi here are some links below the may help you, and help understand things a bit better. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Abscess/Pages/Causes.aspx http://www.nativeremedies.com/ailment/natural-treatments-for-skin-abscess.html http://www.earthclinic.com/search.php?cx=partner-pub-2476760853251960%3Ae2s0aw4vhqg&cof=FORID%3A10&ie=ISO-8859-1&q=leg+absess&sa=&siteurl=www.earthclinic.com%2Failments.html%3Fltr%3DA%23ailments&ref=www.earthclinic.com%2Failments.html&ss=4793j2972631j10 http://www.cayennepepper.info/treating-wounds-with-cayenne-pepper.html All these links you will have to copy into google to read them, the last one is the odd ball, no real facts are know about it with an absess, but seeing as were you are could the ace in the hole, sorry for the pun, just give it a try, clean it out fill it up and put a cover over it and change it daily. Do hope it helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi If your so really worried get to an ER, we cant see it, or feel it, but they will be able to. Good Luck  Hi I would see your doctor, its an outside chance that it could be arthritis or the onset on it. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of an IUD coil, if you lots more info just google iud coil, your find every thing you need. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, One of the main things to think about is that all your nerves and tendons, they run round the outside of your elbow, so if your getting pins and needles or any pains if your fingers, its all from this, The next problem is that it will take time for them to get better, try icing your elbow three times a day, for twenty minutes wrapped in a thin cloth. Get a cheap packet of frozen peas, these will do the job, just keep putting them back in your freezer, but don't eat them. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If that is your problem, then its like Raynards disease, what I do for mine is take borax acid your find its cheap to buy, you take a 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water, and drink through, this relaxes the blood vessels to allow more blood through. For more info go to www.earthclinic.com look under raynards. Good Luck  Hi Yes do something else, but give you leg a good break from exercise, at least 2 weeks, then get in the pool get a float and do breast stroke leg work only, give this a couple of weeks and then see how it goes. If you can do this flip on your back in the pool, keep your legs together, and your arms out, push off from the side, and with your arms and legs working together, pushing with your legs and using your arms, you will go down the pool, now this should be something like lunges, but low impact, see how it goes for pain. Good Luck  Hi, So your 2 1/2 years late, but I think the ER would be a good place to start, don't you. Good Luck  Hi Just get to an ER ASAP, it for your good. Good Luck  c4ncer.  Two nights ago had dark red urine?  Today, with a wide array of products, medications, injections and skin treatments, cosmetic plastic surgery is not the only route to looking younger and better. The earlobes are pretty nifty gadgets. They are utilitarian; they can be pierced so that studs or earrings can be passed through the channel or earrings can be clipped on. Nature had a good idea to facilitate wearing jewelry. Sometimes, the earlobes get into a little trouble. For those with rather thin lobes who favor wearing heavy earrings, after the lobes have been pierced, there can be a gradual elongation of the ear piercing tract such that it becomes slit-like and often too large. Another problem is that the earlobes can be torn by accident if undue pressure is placed upon an already elongated ear piercing tract through the natural forces of the heavy earring or even by a playful child tugging on a dangling earring. The repair of such is not simple. It is important that it be well done so that the earlobe looks normal and without overt evidence of having been torn and then repaired. We favor a three-layer repair done under hypermagnification. It is an office procedure done under local anesthesia. But it is very important to remove the damaged ear piercing tract or to trim the edges of a cleft if the earlobe has been torn through completely. Then the three-layer closure consists of closing the outer layer of skin, the fatty tissue between the two layers of the skin and finally skin in the back of the lobe. Typically, the surgery must take great pains to avoiding any notching at the bottom of the earlobe. Such a repair is all technique-dependent. The surgeon needs to have the skill, the experience and the patience to do a first-class job. People ask if the ears can be pierced again. They can. Typically you should wait two months after the lobe has been repaired before initiating a repaired earlobe piercing.  Tetanus shots are statistically good for ten years, although many clinicians will suggest a booster after five years. Tetanus shots only prevent tetanus (lockjaw)....it does NOT prevent a wound infection, so watch for any signs of infection. It is really up to you to get a tetanus booster or not, but theoreticallyl, your vaccine is 2008 is still effective.  As you know, you cannot be diagnosed blindly over the Internet. You need to see a good orthopedist (find one who has an expertise in shoulders), and yes, you probably will need an MRI.  You will need to see an orthopedist for a thorough examination of your knee, and probably an MRI of that problematic joint. Since this problem has been going on for 2-3 years, it is high-time for you to get it checked out medically. The school's trainer may have just guessed, and a guess is not a diagnosis.  Not all kidney injuries are the same, and I do not know anything about you (age, medical history, etc.) nor the amount of alcohol that you are planning on drinking, so I would suggest that you get this "okay" from the medical provider who is treating and managing your kidney injury.  Yeast can most definitely irritate the urethra if you have a vaginal yeast infection. Use a topical yeast cream and smear on this area as well; this can even be mixed with some 1% hydrocortisone cream to help with the irritation. It is not likely to travel UP your urethra but it can definitely irritate this delicate tissue.  Most sprained ankles improve in about two weeks (80%), so you should stay off of your ankle (crutches are best), use the air cast, and take some ibuprofen for the swelling. Elevating you leg as well as ice compresses also help. The number 845.00 is just the ICD code for the diagnosis of a sprained ankle that is used for insurance billing. The medical provider who saw you is the one that should have addressed these questions. Unfortunately, since I can't examine your ankle, there is really little that I can do over the Internet to determine how bad your sprain might be.  Moody and loss of appetite does not necessarily mean it was caused by the Depo Provera injection. There are hundreds of things that can cause these vague symptoms. It may have just been a coincidence that the symptoms began after you last injection. If the symptoms persist, see your medical provider for a proper examination....don't just assume it was the Depo.  I am not a big fan of self-diagnosis and self-treatment when it comes to a possible rotator cuff tear. I have had two of them; including two surgeries followed by LOTS of physical therapy. While you will be able to find exercises on the Internet, my advice to you is to see an orthopedist -- one that specializes in shoulders -- have an MRI, and see what the heck is going on BEFORE you start any type of self-prescribed physical therapy that could make things worse.  I did not look at your picture (I rarely find them helpful). You may have a hypertrophic scar (keloid) and, yes, there are treatments for this. You will need to see a good dermatologist or cosmetic surgeon -- someone skilled in scar or keloid management.  You need to see an orthopedist and have an MRI. You have given your conservative treatment enough time, so you need a higher-level diagnostic evaluation.  I can't answer that, since I do not know the details of your boyfriend's injuries or have any way of examining him and reviewing his imaging studies (like the CT that was most likely done at the hospital). He needs to be under the care of a good medical provider or neurologist....someone who can do these things. Clearly, he had a significant head injury, but I would not be able to blindly guess the outcome.  I have no way of blindly diagnosing the reason for your finger pain. I cannot examine you or order an x-ray --- two things that you will need to arrange if you would like to find this answer.  Unfortunately, there is really no way to predict a "100%" success after a surgery. I do not have the facts related to your tear or your medical history, but rotator cuff surgeries can be tricky. Some people have wonderful outcomes; others do not. Personally, I have had two surgeries about six months apart on my left shoulder and it failed. Not wanting to have a third surgery, I am currently just living with it. Like you, my right shoulder is now causing me some pain. I am older than you. Have a heart to hear talk with your surgeon. While many will be very optimistic about your outcome, even the best surgeons will never predict a 100% positive outcome. As a patient, you need to carefully weigh the pros and cons with your surgeon. Surgeons love to do surgery and they all claim they are the best, but don't hesitate to get a second opinion. Asks lots of questions, especially about the technique they will be using. Older surgeons often do old surgeries and may not offer you the latest technology. Younger surgeons may know the latest techniques for surgical repairs, but may not have the experience. In the end, YOU are the one that must give the go ahead.  An enlarged liver or spleen in someone with mononucleosis would prohibit them from playing contact or collision-type sports. Everyone's recovery from mono is different, so there are really no set rules for when to return to sports. She would need to be , who would certify that (a) her liver enzymes have returned to normal, (b) her liver and spleen are no longer enlarged and subject to injury, and (c) she has recovered to the point of being able to handle the rigors of practice and games again.  See your medical provider. This may be GOUT.  There is no way to offer you a patient-specific answer to your many questions, since I have no way of examining your knee. There is a good chance that your knee symptoms are completely unrelated to your foreign bodies, but it is going to take a good, orthopedic assessment and some imagining studies to see where you stand in this matter.  You are correct. Dark, red, or brown urine could be blood, although there are medications and even certain foods that can change the color of the urine. This would have nothing to do with your recent Hep B vaccine. One common cause of blood in the urine would be a urinary tract infection, even if you are not feeling any other symptoms. Just the way a nose can suddenly bleed, the bladder can do the same. This would be high on my list if you were female. Urinary tract infections are uncommon in men. A kidney stone can cause urinary bleeding as well. I would be advisable for you to see your medical provider today and have a urinalysis to see if you are, indeed, having a urinary tract bleed. If not, your medical provider can search for other possibilities.  There can be numerous medical reasons for bruising, so take any type of supplements at this point would be very premature. The most important step is to find out the reason(s) FIRST. I would suggest that you see your medical provider....have a few basic lab tests....to see if you can get to the bottom of this.  There are so many possibilities that it would not be in your best interest for me, or any medical provider, to blindly guess. A description is not sufficient to make this important call. Even dermaologists often cannot determine the true nature of a skin lesion just by looking at it. Sometimes it need to be removed (biopsy) to have a pathologist examine it under a powerful microscope. Whether than worry that this might be a skin cancer of some sort, I would highly recommend that you see a dermatologist. You have worried about this weird skin lesion for two years, so it is time that you take it this one more important step and allow a professional to address your concern.  Your husband needs to see a medical provider so these lumps, possibly reactive lymph nodes or ?, can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. It would not be possible to determine the true nature of them blindly over the Internet, based solely on the brief information in your posting. Men are stubborn and I suspect your husband is no different. Make the appointment for him and take him; even if he is kicking and complaining the entire way. This is really the ONLY way to get these lumps properly assessed.  If you had this undiagnosed problem for FOUR YEARS, then it is high-time for you to SEE a medical professional about it. A dermatologist may be your best resource. The only way that you can be properly diagnosed is to have a hands-on examination. A posting is not sufficient information to make this important call.  Usually, but you had quite a crush injury. The body has a remarkable ability to re-grow a lost or damaged nail assuming the matrix (the base of the nail that has the cells needed to regenerate the nail) has not been damaged. A damaged matrix may cause the nail to grow back somewhat deformed or have a ridge. When we lose a finger, we do not grow a new one, but when we lose a nail, the body likes to replace it. Time will tell if your nail re-grows again, and comes in normally.  The tetanus vaccine is good for TEN YEARS, but some medical providers will recommend a booster vaccine sooner than that if there is some doubt as to the previous date, or if the wound is particularly prone. The disease, tetanus, is very rare in the United States (not so rare in other countries), but if you should get it, it has an extremely high fatality rate. Getting a vaccine every ten years for 100% protection is really the best deal out there in the vaccine world. Getting the vaccine 24 hours before a planned injury (?) is unlikely to be very effective, unless of course, you have prior immunity from a previous tetanus still on board.  You should not have to "pester" your doctor to get care. He is not doing it for free....YOU or your insurance company is paying him. At this point, you may need to ask for a referral to a neurologist for a higher-level neurological evaluation.  I would NOT recommend that you use an antibiotic for a self-diagnosed UTI, since they are not always the "same". UTIs can be caused by different microorganisms and amoxicillin may not be appropriate for this one. Amoxicillin is a broad-spectrum antibiotic, but it is not the "first-choice" for most clinicians for a simple UTI. Many women (I am guessing you are female) can have classic symptoms of a UTI but only about half really have a true, urinary tract infection. The proper way to treat a UTI is to have a urinalysis and culture FIRST to know (a) what type of organism is causing the infection, and (b) what type of antibiotic would be best to treat it.  Ice compresses, rest, anti-inflammatory medications (like ibuprofen), or even stronger pain medication depending on her response. This injuries take weeks to improve, so she may need to sit on a soft cushion or inflatable donut. There are no "butt casts" to fix this problem.  There are no studies that show a relationship from a childhood head injury to true autism, but that is something that a neurologist should answer, since there are many different types of autism and not all head injuries are "innocent".  Only TIME will provide that important answer for you. Tinnitus can be caused by MANY things, and you are only assuming it was due solely to the ibuprofen.  Ice used initially will help with swelling and inflammation, but several days later, many patients feel that heat is more comfortable. Basically, use the thermal method that feels the best to you, or if you really want to be confused....some people use BOTH alternating ice and heat. Make sure to have any rotator cuff injury properly evaluated...usually with an MRI.  It could be tonail fungus, since you can't always see that. It could also be problems with your nutrition. This would be especially true if your other nails are brittle too. The white lines might mean the nail isn't growing properly in the first place. If it is a problem with just one tonail though I would be inclined to suspect fungus. I've had luck with epsom salts soaks coupled with antifungal spray, but it's important to keep the toe clean, well trimmed, and aired out.  Not enough information. Age might help  Sperm producing cells in the testicles are very heat sensitive which is why a human male's testicles are in the bottom of the scrotum. When cold, they pull in tight. When hot, they relax and pull away. The thin, wrinkled skin of the scrotum also allows for rapid heat dissipation, like radiator fins on a car or air conditioning unit. The type of underwear you wear makes no difference in many studies. Hot tubs are indeed bad for fertility but only for the few months after until you can make new sperm (the sperm production cycle is 74 to 90 days long). I tell my fertility and vasectomy reversal patients to avoid hot tubs, hot baths, jacuzzis, or hot saunas.  I do not think that they can be damaged, but if you are whitening the adjacent teeth be aware that you might change the color match. Also, if you are whitening the adjacent teeth, there is no reason to place the gel over the porcelain veneers.  Most likely its time for a professional cleaning. Aggressive brushing is bad because of possible abrasion of the teeth. But the yellowing is most likely extrinsic staining that can be removed by a dental hygienist.  Iron supplements can stain the teeth black. They can do the same for dentures.  Skin damage that is secondary to environmental changes -- such as from the sun or harsh weather conditions -- can be treated with topical tretinoin, alpha-hydroxy acid (AHA), or glycolic acid and hydrating compounds. Severe conditions will dehydrate your skin cells and rob your skin of essential nutritional elements. In order to combat theses unwanted changes, your skin care regimen should be designed to rejuvenate, rehydrate, and stimulate new healthy skin growth.  I think you're pretty lucky I have a condition called fibromyalgia and all I feel is pain all the time all over my body different kinds of pains its horrible so honestly maybe it's a blessing maybe something happens later in your life that your now prepared for. also you can think of yourself as a superhero because you can do things other people can't. Also your problem could be short term trauma to spinal cord but only took out pain receptors. Unfortunately with any kind of trauma its always undetermined heal time because each one is different so that means it could be a day or 50 years. I think if you feel good exercise your entire body, like bike riding and it may come back on its on. Try and enjoy no pain. I wish I couldn't feel emotional pain..lol. probably should have started with all the last stuff huh. Sorry about that. Good luck and enjoy life.  Good news! Here is an article on that contains the following statement, along with a lot of other great information: " . Once your nail separates from its nail bed, for whatever reason, it will not reattach. Nails grow back slowly. It takes about 6 months for fingernails and up to 18 months for toenails to grow back attached to the nail bed." The WebMD Answers Staff  From our overview of Lymphedema:  Hi lorenze, Please seek medical attention immediately if you are experiencing possible . This states that, "Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) occurs when a blood clot forms in a vein deep inside a muscle in your body. It usually happens in legs but can also develop in your arms, chest, or other areas of your body. And though DVT is not common, it can be dangerous." The article goes on to read that, "An injury that reduces blood flow to part of your body, such as a broken hip or leg" can be cause for DVT. While this is a rare concern, I hope that you will not take any chances and please go to a medical professional right now for an evaluation. Take care of yourself.  Ankle injuries are defined by the kind of tissue -- bone, ligament, or tendon -- that's damaged. The ankle is where three bones meet -- the tibia and fibula of your lower leg with the talus of your foot. These bones are held together at the ankle joint by ligaments, which are strong elastic bands of connective tissue that keep the bones in place while allowing normal ankle motion. Tendons attach muscles to the bones to do the work of making the ankle and foot move, and help keep the joints stable. A fracture describes a break in one or more of the bones. A sprain is the term that describes damage to ligaments when they are stretched beyond their normal range of motion. A ligament sprain can range from many microscopic tears in the fibers that comprise the ligament to a complete tear or rupture. A strain refers to damage to muscles and tendons as a result of being pulled or stretched too far. Muscle and tendon strains are more common in the legs and lower back. In the ankle, there are two tendons that are often strained. These are the peroneal tendons, and they stabilize and protect the ankle. They can become inflamed as a result of overuse or trauma. Acute tendon tears result from a sudden trauma or force. The inflammation of a tendon is called tendinitis. Microscopic tendon tears that accumulate over time, because of being repeatedly over stretched, and dont heal properly lead to a condition called tendinosis. Tendons can also rupture. Subluxation refers to a tendon that slips out of place.  The symptoms of a sprain and of a fracture are very similar. In fact, fractures can sometimes be mistaken for sprains. That's why it's important to have an ankle injury evaluated by a doctor as soon as possible. The signs include: Pain, often sudden and severe Swelling Bruising Inability to walk or bear weight on the injured joint With a sprain, the ankle may also be stiff. With a fracture the area will be tender to the touch, and the ankle may also look deformed or out of place. If the sprain is mild, the swelling and pain may be slight. But with a severe sprain, there is much swelling and the pain is typically intense. Tendinitis and acute tears of the peroneal tendon result in both pain and swelling. In addition, the ankle area will feel warm to the touch with tendinitis. With an acute tear, there will be a weakness or instability of the foot and ankle. Tendinosis may take years to develop. Symptoms include: Sporadic pain on the outside of the ankle Weakness or instability in the ankle An increase in the height of the foot's arch With the subluxation you will notice ankle instability or weakness. You also may notice sporadic pain behind the outside ankle bone and a "snapping" feeling around the ankle bone.  You can apply first aid for an ankle injury by remembering R.I.C.E: rest, ice, compression, elevation. Rest. It's important to rest the ankle to prevent further damage and keep weight off of it. Ice. Using ice will help slow or reduce the swelling and provide a numbing sensation that will ease the pain. Proper icing includes icing within 48 hours of an injury, never leave ice on for longer than 15 minutes to 20 minutes at a time to prevent frostbite. Wait 40 minutes to 45 minutes before applying ice again to allow tissues to return to normal temperature and sensation, and repeat as needed. You can apply an ice compress using a plastic freezer bag filled with ice cubes and water to mold to your ankle or use a frozen bag of veggies like corn or peas, (dont eat them after you use them and refreeze them), use a layer of towel between your skin and the plastic bag. Compression. Wrapping the injured ankle with an elastic bandage or off-the-shelf compression wrap will help keep it immobile and supported. Be sure not to wrap the ankle too tightly. If your toes that turn blue, get cold or lose sensation the wrap is too tight. Elevate. Elevating the injured ankle to at least the level of your heart will reduce swelling and pain. It is important not to put any weight on the ankle until after it's been evaluated by a doctor, which should be done as soon as possible. Fractures and sprains that are ignored or aren't treated properly can lead to long-term chronic problems with the ankle, such as repeated injury, ankle weakness, and arthritis.  Most pain comes from tissue damage. The pain stems from an injury to the body's tissues. The injury can be to bone, soft tissue, or organs. The injury to body tissue can come from a disease such as cancer. Or it can come from physical injury such as a cut or a broken bone. The pain you experience may be an ache, a sharp stabbing, or a throbbing. It could come and go, or it could be constant. You may feel the pain worsen when you move or laugh. Sometimes, breathing deeply can intensify it. Pain from tissue damage can be acute. For example, sports injuries like a sprained ankle or turf toe are often the result of damage to soft tissue. Or it can be chronic, such as arthritis or chronic headaches. And certain medical treatments, such as radiation for cancer, can also cause tissue damage that results in pain.  Make sure that he dosen't go to sleep permaturely.   Believe what you will but if nothing else helps note that that is the root Chakra and the source of sexual energy.  What part of your ankle? If you do not have health insurance and can not get an MRI, a place I have been multiple times believe me, I would suggest pulling up multiple diagrams of interior ankle anatomy and really try to pinpoint what exactly is giving you hell. When I didn't have insurance I tore my meniscus in my right knee, and it was very similar to your situation in terms of pain and time. Never had it fixed either even after I got insurance as its a 50/50 thing. Bottom line IMO: If you have been good for 4 years, you just did something to tweak a weakness somewhere. Be easy, pinpoint it best you can, and research further when you think you have it pegged as to what you can holistically do. I try to remind myself of the fact that ancient Gladiators had no surgeons, ice, beds, etc haha. You'll figure it out  How much rehab did you do and how active are you? I have had multiple injuries to my knees and have very flat feet, yet i'm very active but have trouble keeping up with muscle imbalance. That all makes it mentally difficult to determine...pain is pain, but it may not be related to your past injuries  According we always have to do Body weight training under personal trainer because It's having so much risk .Recently I joined Body Weight Training Center in Delhi.  yes  when tissue is damaged, the cell membrane gets damaged. damaging the cell membrane causes the realize of arachidonic acid (fatty acid). cyclo-oxygenase enzyme , (coxy 1 and coxy 2) convert arachidonic acid to prostaglandins . Prostaglandins stimulate nociceptors. Nociceptors are pain receptors thus pain in the tissue.  Are you sore? Paralyzed? Have you seen a doctor?  Varicose veins are enlarged veins that usually occur just under the skin (superficial veins). Varicose veins are likely to be caused by one or more factors, including: Increased pressure in the leg veins. Damage to the leg veins. Venous insufficiency. Varicose veins often run in families. You may be born with defective valves or weak walls in your veins, or you may develop them later in life. Varicose veins are more common in women than in men. And varicose veins happen more often as people get older. Varicose veins often develop during pregnancy. They might become less prominent after pregnancy and may disappear completely. Less commonly, varicose veins may be a sign of a more serious problem that may sometimes need treatment. These serious problems can include: Blood clots or blockage in the deep veins or perforating veins. Injury to the deep veins. Abnormal blood vessels between arteries and veins (arteriovenous fistulas). A person may be born with these problems or develop them later in life. Tumors (very rarely). WAS THE INJURY DEEP ENOUGH TO DAMAGE THE VEINS ???  I hope this is helpful: What To Expect After Surgery Discomfort after surgery may decrease with taking pain medicines 		 prescribed by your doctor. The arm will be protected in a sling for a defined period of time, 		 especially when at risk of additional injury. Physical therapy after surgery is crucial to a successful recovery. 		 A rehabilitation program may include the following: As soon as you awake from anesthesia, you may 			 start doing exercises that flex and extend the elbow, wrist, and 			 hand. The day after surgery, if your doctor allows, 			 passive exercises that move your arm may be done about 3 times a day (a machine 			 or physical therapist may help the joint through its range of 			 motion). Active exercise (you move your arm yourself) and 			 stretches, with the assistance of a physical therapist, may start 6 to 8 weeks 			 after surgery. This depends on how bad your tear was and how complex the 			 surgical repair was. Strengthening exercises, beginning with light 			 weights and progressing to heavier weights, can start a few months after 			 surgery. Here is the complete article: http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/rotator-cuff-repair I hope you feel better!  I did go to the ER back when this happened. The doctor said I had a concussion. That it needed stitches of some sort, but since I was in travel between countries when it happened and there was a 24 hour delay in getting to a hospital, that he didn't want to agitate it more and wanted to let it heal on its own. Basically, I went and it hurt really bad and was bleeding lots. In the midst of the concussion, I completely blacked out and could not see, I vomitted, etc all the things you don't want to happen. I told the doctor all of this. He basically gave me some brochures on concussions and how to deal with the symptoms/pain and sent me on my way. But yes, I did go to ER.  I did go to the ER back when this happened. The doctor said I had a concussion. That it needed stitches of some sort, but since I was in travel between countries when it happened and there was a 24 hour delay in getting to a hospital, that he didn't want to agitate it more and wanted to let it heal on its own. Basically, I went and it hurt really bad and was bleeding lots. In the midst of the concussion, I completely blacked out and could not see, I vomitted, etc all the things you don't want to happen. I told the doctor all of this. He basically gave me some brochures on concussions and how to deal with the symptoms/pain and sent me on my way. But yes, I did go to ER.  could be nerve damage  if it's fully healed, it's nearly impossible to estimate the time it happened. If not yet fully healed, a good orthopaedic dr or radiologist can give you an approximate time frame due to the amount of bone growth shown on x-ray  First, that is not uncommon for a 78 year old. As you age your skin becomes very thin. And just a small scrap or bump can bruise it, or even tear it. If they have a lot of bruises. They may be on a blood thinner, or an aspirin a day. Will increase the bruising. Keep antibiotic ointment and large band aids on hand to keep the infections down.  Sounds like you are having a gout attack. Can be very painful. And you may even find it red, or a rd strip along or on the toe.  Since you only injured it only a day or so ago. It takes time to heal. And looks like it has been a week now. You should have some relief. You may also have had some nerve damage. Since you did have it r-rayed and seen by a Dr. And they found no fracture. Give it more time to heal. If you are still having problems in 4-6 weeks from now. I would see an Orthopedic Dr. for follow up.  Yes I also have gotten VV from when I fell down my stairs so yes you can I hope this helps thank you and good luck to you and your!!!!!!!!  i would take her to the hospital to get checked out it could effect her tooth delvopment in the future (possibility) not saying it will but could  Yes, see a Dr. if you currently are having pain, or limited mobility.  how can i get my ankle treated and what kind of treatment can i get for my ankle that has a new bone growing on my ligament  call giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoRcall giRls in delhi, ?O97II568833? high pRofile models escoR  Tramadol  I currently have a kidney stone that's stuck within my kidney. From past ultrasounds I first had this stone 4 years ago, but it was in a place that it didn't bother me. Fast forward to now, and the stone grew a lot and it is too large to pass on its own. (Not to mention very painful)  temedol is for cancer patients i have had swelling on brain before and was never perscribed temedol  Yes, It could be a recurrence of the same problem.  I had the same problem suddenly occur on my left side in the same spot as you describe above. I'm 53. I went to a doctor who sent me to a physical therapist. And with the physical therapist's directions, over a four week period, the pain went away completely. Even after the first visit, I could significantly tell a difference. It was a seized-up muscle that required specific, isolated, careful stretching. He also did deep tissue massage with some machine called Hivamat.  I'm so sorry to hear about your attack! I think you should see a doctor. You could have internal bleeding or kidney damage. I am a high school teacher, and I have had students who've been beaten up require medical treatment for internal bleeding and kidney damage. I hope you're OK.  No  I have had surgery on my rotator cuff because of natural wear. I had a problem that if I raised and then lowered my arm. the shoulder hurt when I lowered my arm. it turned out to be shoulder rotator CARTILAGE problem. The pain disappeared after a few moments after I lowered my arm.  could be a local infection. you may want to see a doctor.  It is the outside area of my ankle near the ankle bone itself. I have had some mild pain throughout the years, but nothing like this. I have been keeping it wrapped, applying ice and taking a anti inflammatory. Hoping it starts to feel better soon!  I had a T-spine fusion after a compression/burst fracture and I was allowed to walk, stationary bike, elliptical, isometrics, swim, and just basic low impact exercises for 1 year after surgery.  Coming off of painkillers is harder due to addictive properties of them. If swelling is an option naproxen 550 mg will help as will ibuprofen. I am guessing if it was a back injury in which more than likely involves bones to look into lysine as it is an amino acid that helps with the absorption of calcium which ultimately strengthens your bones. I am not a doctor but I have broken my nose three times and the third time I tried that trick which helped speed recovery process. Another option is to consult a doctor. Hope this helps  Aquatic therepy would help you, no joint stress. You can build up muscle in water.  nutritional deficit during healing pocess  Yes!!! Defiantly!!! This often is a sign of deeper underlying problems such as abuse or suicidal leanings. Get help!!!  I have sores on both feet on the outside of each foot, taking a long time to heal.......for over a month the left foot is swollen and tender. Somewhat discolored. Somewhat uncomfortable to get around  how bad is the injury?  I had a major ankle injury and its took a long time to heal. at the time of incident, x ray show no damage to bone, but there was constant pain. went to physio, they didn't do much and my chiropractor kept pushing my bone in, on the foot/ below the ankle. that help, but the tendon/muscle irritates me to prevent me to do physical activity.  I think it may need surgery tell your orthopedician about the pain you are experiencing the specialist will know about what type of treatment is suitable for it.  A friend of mine had really severe restless leg syndrome for years. It wasn't until we came across the products at Max International that she reported any relief. Now she swear she's unable to live without it...I would say research glutathione and don't stop until you find the answers. and then go here! www.max.com/421839  One of my favourite products in the world to use is called ATP from a company called Max International. It's all natural (FDA approved) and contains only a little caffeine. find more about ATP energy drinks here: www.max.com421839  Didn't you meet your PCP already? Give some more information. I guess you might need smooth rehabilitation and home. You can check for proper home exercise equipment at www.gumtree.co.uk or similar source. But whatever you do first meet a doctor and make some tests and x-ray, then take actions.  I meant this http://www.gumtree.com/music-instruments/merseyside might be helpful for you when question comes to home equipment and "diy" health care.  go to the Er immediately  I understand why they would (scholarships, pay checks, etc) but that doesn't mean that they should. They could make things worse down the road and not play for the pros or play for a shorter time. Let me put this in context: let's say that you sprain your ankle (not just a roll but a sprain with swelling and pain and limping, the whole shebang) after the pain dies down a bit (or you take a bunch of ibuprofen) you go right back to playing. Well, the ankle isn't healed and guess what? Now, it is weaker. It can get hurt more and become worse. Instead of taking a couple of weeks off, all of a sudden you are out for months and possibly having surgery. So no, I do not think it is fair that athletes play through injuries. I believe that if a coach knows an athlete is injured they should not allow them to play. I believe that athletes should be honest with their coaches and the medical staff. I believe that you should take care of a small problem now, before it turns into a large one.  We just found out that my husband's kidneys are functioning at only 70% What does this mean. How severe is 70% and what are the treatments for this.  Did you have pins? They can work themselves out. Or it could be scar tissue, not much but surgery can fix the scar tissue. Or it could be something not related to the foot surgery. Is it the same type of pain you had before surgery? It could be a bone spur. Buy gel shoe inserts to pad the foot area.  I don't know the answer to this question, but I would just call my pharmacist, they are usually very good at answering questions regarding medications.  I'm not a doctor but based on experience and information my doctors and reading have given me, I do know that potassium, one of the 3 electrolytes along with magnesium and sodium chloride, does effect the heart and when your body is low on potassium or magnesium it can cause muscle cramping or spasms. Therefor, it is possible that electrolyte imbalance could be the cause of back spasms. When I had the imbalance it caused cramps, spasms and pain in my legs and feet. Any imbalance of electrolytes it a very serious condition and can lead to my medical issues including cardiac arrest and even death. You should go to either the ER or your physician and get blood work done. Best of luck!  My son just had the same accident. So I'm curious since its been a little over a year. Has your sons nail grown back?  Its more than likely muscular.. Go get a massage. Find a therapist that is NMT certified!! Hope that helps!  Don't know.  soak your foot in epison salt and hot water(hot enough that you won't burn yourself) 3 times a day, the red spots are probably small broken blood vessels. when your not soaking rub mineral ice and wrap in ace bandage you should be good to go in week or so.. and you should take some ibuprofen 2x a day as well.....if no improvement go to doctor you probably have circulation problems  First, I would talk to my doctor about changing your medication. I would look into taking Ambien CR or something stronger. However, it is okay to take Benedril, but I wouldn't take more than 25 mg. I also, wouldn't take it JUST to go to sleep. I have to take it because I itch due to chronic kidney failure and it relieves the itching while I sleep.  well its possible you will always have some level of pain due to this new work but i would say drink a lot of water as water helps keeps the joints lubracated and when ur off work try some heat if you have pain... and try your best to take it easy , which i know can be hard at work..... vitamins will also help the better care you take of all ur body the better a chance you have to make this better , also try to stay off it when ur not at work ... im sorry your going through this , its not easy , i hope this helps if u start to have bad pain speak to you doctor for possible things you can do ... feel better  sound like it possible your having pinched nerves which when the area is stressed is iving you the numbness , the puffiness its possible because the area has some problem when you use it which its kinda hard not to causes the area to become swollen i think it something to get checked out by your doctor , neck pain really blows , i have a reversed cervial spine so i know how it can stop your whole life i would ask for a mri cause it doesnt sound like a bone problem , hope this helps  what the first person is right but i want to add, if this pain contiunes you shoud talk to your doctor about phyical therapy because if left untreated could become a big problem i didnt have that shoulder problem i had an everything kinda shoulder problem cant remember what it was called but i can tell you i had to have a total reconstruction surgery and ill never use my arm the same way again so just try to get it looked at before it becaomes a real problem. hope this also helps  I suffer from leg pain and leg cramps. The pain level is 9plus.  My pain is every day most before bed time.  You are going to want to avoid highly acidic foods and high fat foods. These foods may cause extra gas or stomach pain that can lead to diarrhea. I've had my gall bladder out and found that I can no longer drink coffee (stomach pain and gas) or eat pinapple (heartburn and stomach pain). It may be a bit of trail and error for you. In the begining, If you are going to eat one kind of fatty food, don't eat it with another fatty food, so that you can see what the food does to you and tell if you need to avoid it or not. (don't eat a sausage/brat and icecream within the same meal until you know what each does to you). Also, make sure you are getting enough fiber, especially because you do a lot of sitting. Fruits, Veggies, whole grains, and beans are all good sources of fiber. Good luck!  By ratchets, do you mean movement or sound of the joint? Is the pain in the shoulder joint or around the shoulder blade? When you sleep what position is your shoulder (i.e. toward you chest or back or with you arm under you and straight)?  stinging pain in my right big toe only,that comes and goes.What is this?  Short answer: Unfortunately, you can't. Make an appointment to see your doctor and get an x-ray so that they can provide you with appropriate treatment(s).  I would need more information to tell you what is going on. I would say if you are older, you might be getting arthritis. If it continues to bother you, talk to your physician.  hopefully you have seen a doctor about this strain if it seems serious, it may be a torn muscle and may cause other problems. Mistreating an abdominal strain (either by icing or stretching wrong) could be fatal. speak to a doctor before treating a sprain. :  You have chronic pain conditions and yes you can have concomitant ailments or diseases. Concomitant simply means -at the same time, in addition to and so on. Some can be related to each other and at other times not. Many of those of use with severe osteoarthritis have fibromyalgia and or myfascial pain which they call syndromes. Syndrome always sounds questionable to me. Fibromyalgia until very recently was not even considered to be a real ailment. It was one of those all in your head deals. They are now discovering that there are real changes occurring.  I have had bad rotator cuffs and frozen shoulders in both shoulders. The docs had me do therapy/shoulder exercises for 6 months before I had surgery for the first one, and all I did was therapy for the other, with no MRI on the second (although I also could only do therapy because of the cost of follow-up on the second after my insurance changed). Maybe I had bad doctors and therapists, but nobody ever told me that exercises would make it worse and everyone really pushed for 30 min. to hour of exercise every day to every other day. The exercises/therapy before and after my surgery, performed both by myself and by professional therapists, were very painful. And except for a very short time immediately after my surgery, the doctor and therapists never said to limit the exercises because of the pain or that the painful exercises were possibly causing harm. Although I would recommend some care obviously. The exercises you find at reputable sites on the internet are typically the same that I was given to perform. Large wide bands (rubber) are used for most of the exercises for strengthening. I haven't looked for them in the store but they may be available - start with the least resistance you can get first then work up to stronger bands. The exercises should be done slowly in both directions - don't use a band that's so strong you can't control the recoil, and you should be able to do ten to fifteen repetitions. Other exercises can be done against a wall. I am not a doctor or medical professional, so I don't have to recommend seeing a doctor. Obviously it would be best to do so, but I understand that decent health care isn't affordable - even with insurance.  I too have several bulging discs in my spine. I was injured when I was a teenager, the injury progressed into sciatica and degenerative arthritis, and now I require a cane.  yes my mother has a torn rotatory cuff and a break in her shoulder,  24 hours is going to be ready the result  i have the same problem at times... only with pain half way down my arm. i am told by ppl with simular problems that this could be a rotator cuff problem. hope that helps!  india best astrologer +91-9815934087 1. Business related problems.2. Husband and wife relationship.3. Be free from enemy / 2nd wife 4. Settle in foreign.5. Desired love.6. Disputes between husband / wife.7. Problems in study.8. Childless Women 9. Intoxication.10. Physical problems.11. Domestic controversy.12. Problems in family relations.13. Promotions or willful marriage Get all solutions in your life as you desire. Call to baba ji vkshastri +91-9815934087  Please tell someone, I went through the same thing at your age, I went to my friends mom, she was very helpful, find a aunt, friends mom, teacher, coach, someone who you feel close to, remember to breathe and that it will get better xoxo  Be safe and don't drink alcohol, esp since you are still healing.  