If it is severe enough that you can't hardly walk, go to the ER! Otherwise get to a doctor asap.  BC AL ALLOWABLE IS $909.93 AND MEDICARE ALLOWABLE IS $ 606.62  Sounds like it could be a yeast infection. There are now creams available over the counter to treat that.  MAM OR SIR?. THERE IS NO WAY I PERSONALLY WOULD NOT GIVE MY CHILD ANY TYPE OF PRODUCT USED ON A ANIMAL. START READIING YOUR BIBLE PLEASE. IN THESE DAYS THE GOVERNMENT IS MIXING HUMAN DNA WITH ANIMALS TO GIVE HUMANS A LONGER LIFE SPAN WHICH GOD HAS FORWARNED EVERYONE THAT BEIEVES AND READ HIS OWN WORD'S IT'S THE HONEST TO GOD'S TRUTH . WHY WOULD YOU EVEN CONSIDER GIVING YOUR CHILD A PRODUCT THAT HELP A PIG DO THINK THAT WOULD BE OK FOR A CHILD? NOW REMEMBER A PIG IS SWINE & THE FILTHEST OF ALL ANIMALS, THAT EAT SLOP,FESEES BUGS, MAGGOT'S YOU NAME ANY TYPE OF FILTH THE PIG WILL AND DO EAT DO YOU NOT LOVE YOUR CHILD? WELL THEN DON'T EVEN CONSIDER THAT TO BE AN ALTERNATIVE PLEASE, FOR YOUR CHILDS HEALTH. THERE IS IRON SUPPLEMENT THAT IS REALLY GREAT U HAVE GOT TO GET A PRESCRIBTION FROM YOUR DOCTOR. CAN'T REMEMBER THE EXACT NAME IT COMES IN A SMALL BOTTLE WITH A CAP TUB, TO GIVE YOU AN IDEA OF HOW MUCH TO ADMINISTER TO A CHILD. THANK YOU,. MS. BABYRED1958. I AM TRULLY A CHILD OF THE MOST HIGHEST ALMIGHTY GOD. GOD IS MY COMFORTER WHEN I FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE,HE IS MY EARS WHEN I NEED SOMEONE TO TALK WITH,HE IS MY LISTENER WHEN I NEED SOMEONE TO HEAR WHAT I NEED TO SAY, HE IS MY EYE'S WHEN I CANT SEE ,HE IS MY JOY WHEN THERE JUST SEEM TO BE NOTHIG TO SMILE ABOUT,HE IS MY HEALER BEFORE ANY DOCTOR GIVES ME PRESCRIBTION. AND THROUGH MY FAITH HE WILL ALWAY'S BE WITH ME WHEN MAN SAY'S NOTHING THAT COMES FROM HIS MOUTH. THROUGH GOD ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE. BUT THROUGH MAN EVEYTHING WILL BE IMPOSSIBLE FOR HIM WITHOUT THE POSSILE FATHER WHO GAVE US LIFE FROM THE BEGINNING,MAN CANNOT DO NOTHIG NOTHIG . TO THE END..WITH MAN HE HAS NO CLUE TO WHERE THE END IS WHATSOEVER. AND MAY GOD BLESS YOU & YOUR FAMILY.I HOPE MY WORD'S HAVE GIVEN YOU A ANSWER   Your not being able to be treated with acetaminophen due to allergic reactions may be a blessing in disguise . Acetaminophen has been associated with causing ADHD behavior in children whose mothers were treated with this OTC medication. Let's look at the alternatives to Acetaminophen: Alternatives that should be avoided or taken with caution after discussing with your doctor - Many other OTC medications used to treat pain such as Ibuprofen and Naproxen should be used with caution, avoided during the 3rd trimester of pregnancy, and taken only after consulting with your physician. Also, aspirin is contraindicated for usage by all pregnant women. Alternatives that may be considered to treat pain safely in pregnant women after physician approval- The best options for treating pain in pregnant are natural remedy herbs such as follows: A prescription drug that may be considered by your doctor as an alternative to acetaminophen is Tramadol/Ultram . Natural treatments may include Muscle Massage, Epson salts bathing, and Chiropractor manipulation. Migraine headaches can be extremely painful and deserve a through diagnostic workup to determine their cause. Treatment of migraine headaches should be directed at specific causes such as stress and hormonal. Identifying and removing migraine headache triggers is highly recommended. Also, determine if your doctor will suggest treatment options through phone/email consulation without costing you the office visit expense.  Whatever our political persuasion happens to be, medical coverage is a relevant issue that has should be discussed by responsible individuals. Since the Affordable Care Act (ACA) is a United States Federal Statue, individuals need to make intelligent choices. Without the distribution of factual information, this complex program would be a complete mystery to most citizens. I respect your right to disagree with substantive points in the act. But explaining the rules and debating ACA policy is a responsibility that we must all share.  Yes, your primary care doctor can refuse to give you a referral to see a pain management doctor. A physician may determine the appropriate treatment plan for their patient. You have the right to call your insurance company and request a different doctor to service your needs.  I admire you for seeking out a conclusive way of determining whether back injury may be caused by an auto accident. Of course forceful trauma resulting from a car accident may cause back injury. Equally obvious is that the Insurance company doctors will deny that herniated disc can be caused by a car accident. The truth of the matter is that it is virtually impossible to prove that a car accident either caused or did not cause a back injury. The entire process must start by having a candid discussion with the alleged victim. Is your victim's story credible? Does it agree with statements included in accident reports and by their treating physicians. Did they have previous back problems which never completely resolved themselves? Confirm to the client that the insurance carrier will vigorously uncover all back related conditions that were experienced prior to the accident. A pre-existing issue with the back that was never fully resolved will certainly impact the outcome of a whiplash claim. No prior complaint of back pain may strengthen the clients case, but proves little. Most people > 50 years of age suffer from some arthritis and degenerative disc changes and not have any overt symptoms. Next thing that I'd pick through with a magnifying glass is the treating physician's report and scan reports. Does the medical professional have the facts straight as reported to you by the client? Your success will hinge on being as educated as possible concerning back problems, picking away at incorrect statements, and assessing truthful vs. untruthful answers.   Legitimate and chronic pain should not have to be endured without being appropriately treated. Due to medication dependence, sometimes wanton street drug abuse, and cost savings measures, reimbursement for pain relief through insurance providers has been severely curtailed. Ultracet is prescribed for moderate to severe pain. It is a combination of Tramadol and Acetaminophen. Ask your physician if they feel comfortable in prescribing Tramadol. Reports show no difference in the therapeutic pain relief offered by Tramadol when compared to Ultacet. In essence, you would be taking your current medication minus the acetaminophen. If your insurance carrier will not cover the Utracet, perhaps they will cover Tramadol. Both Tramadol and Ultracet are marketed as the hydrochloride salt by Janssen Pharmaceutical and as Ultram in the United States. They have a patient assistance program to help needy individuals qualify for free medication. Research the manufacturers web site for qualifying details that may include: -Having a valid prescription, - The Ultracet cannot be covered through private insurance, Medicare D, or State Medicaid programs, -You must meet income guidelines ranging from $11, 170 annually for 1 person up to $23,050 annually for a household of four people. For larger families, the income limit is 200% of the FPIG. Note: The application can be cumbersome if you are currently taking more than one other medication.  I retired from working for a state government public assistance agency.Under the Medicaid Program, a form of public assistance, it had been possible to be eligible for Retroactive Medical Assistance. Retroactive coverage, if all other eligibility conditions such as income and resource limits are met, could have been authorized with a begin date of 3 full months prior from the first day of the month in which the application was filed. For example: You were in the hospital 12/03/2013- 12/07/2013 after breaking your pelvis in a falling accident. You apply for Medicaid on 3/10/2014 to cover the hospital bill. The assistance office would determine your eligibility for each month within the retroactive period including 3/1-3/9/2014 (the month of application), 2/2014, 01/2014, and 12/2013 (the 3 months prior to the month in which the application was filed). In order to determine retroactive eligibility,the client's income must be verified separately for each retroactive month. All medical category, financial, and non-financial requirements must be met. It is possible to have retroactive eligibility for March 2014 and some of months in the 3 month look back period, and to not be eligible for some of the months. In the example from above, the client may have been eligible for Medicaid during March 2014, February 2014, and December 2013, but ineligible during January 2013. Although changes are happening at a rapid pace with medical insurance, it is worth a chance to apply for retroactive medical assistance through your local welfare department.  thank you for that but sex has been the same since im living with my bf  Medicaid and Medicare does.  Go see MD ASAP. My son had what we thought was a spider bite on his leg. It did the same thing got very red and painful. It ended up being MRSA. Had to get my son on antibiotics fast. Warm compresses will bring the puss up to the surface but the puss is very contagious. MRSA is very common now but can be fatal. Don't wait. Better to be safe than sorry!  Yes, you will keep losing. If the doctor fixes your overactive thyroid, with medication, you will not. There are benefits to having an overactive thyroid, but medically you must get it fixed for other reasons (the thyroid runs many functions in your body- not just metabolism). I would stay off the synthroid until I get to my goal body weight. JEALOUS!! The doctor would not like this answer though.  You only buy the brand. Call the pharmaceutical company and see if they have payment assistance. Most do.  My daughters employer switched retirees to another plan. Even her disability annuity is less. She has just undergone colon surgery and the new plan does not offer her required med supplies, nursing home for rehab even her disability annuity is less. READ WHERE A LOT OF CORPORATIONS have done this - tired of everything being blamed on Obama. What are people doing especially thru the surgeries, infections, wound pumps - when something like this happens  My daughter I believe found out after major surgery- less required supplies her 30 day nursing home has already been met - but a friend cut out an article about a large corporation and their plan to change last year. Her previous plan was great - sad so what does a person do?  It is really important if you have a lot of moles and freckles and have had exposure to sun over the time, which is what freckles imply, that you have a regular skin cancer screening. There are lots of ways that you can have a free screening done, and you can try going to your local hospital and see if they have annual skin cancer screenings that are for free and have your moles checked that way, and then if anything looks suspicious, the doctor will recommend that you see a dermatologist to have that mole removed.  Accutane is a really great drug for acne, and I have found that where nothing else works, Accutane can actually be life-changing, and that it really controls the acne very effectively. But there is a lot of discussion that has to go around it and there is a cost factor as well. One important point is that Accutane no longer exists. It is now only in generic form. The generic name is oral Isotretinoin. So your doctor may give a prescription for Accutane, and that's what you will take to the pharmacist, but what you get won't be the name Accutane, it will be the same active drug, but under a different name, just so you are prepared for that. In terms of cost, it can be very costly; however, you can shop around. But the generics generally are at a lower cost than the original Accutane was to begin with. Accutane is one of my -- or Accutane in the generic form now is one of my favorite drugs to treat acne. However, it's not a cure. Oftentimes, and it is actually oftentimes after you stop it, the acne can recur. Often not as bad as it was before you took Accutane, but you still have to treat the acne over time in most patients. This is usually used with topical products and sometimes even a second course of this oral Isotretinoin, Accutane product if needed. If that acne persists even after that, then I look for hormonal imbalances, especially in women, and I find that when women have the adult pattern of acne, which is usually on the lower face and along the jawline, even if their periods are regular, if I manage it oral contraceptives, which you need to be on if you are taking oral Isotretinoin anyway, but if I manage it with oral contraceptives and even add on some other medicines.  You can become allergic to the ink at any time, or any medicine that you are taking also. You can become allergic to it even though you have been on it for a very long time. So if you are having a reaction, one thing is that it could be an allergic reaction, but it could also just be something that is occurring in the area of the tattoo that has something to do with the tattoo, but because there is pigment there, you can't really see the skin clearly. So I would say that this is one time that even though you don't have insurance, it is worth seeing a dermatologist to have the area evaluated, to make sure that the skin is otherwise healthy. Oftentimes with a simple cream, they can knock out that allergic reaction, if that's what it is, or the hypersensitivity reaction, another way of calling it, or do a biopsy to see if there is anything else going on in that area that might be more serious, that might need to be treated.  Simply go through Natural treatment. Natural treatment or organic treatment is one of the best solution to cure Spider Bit. Baking Powder and some components include vitamin C and Salicylic-acid are consider the best home remedies for treatment.  I'm sorry to hear financial concerns have affected your ability to obtain the medications you need for your bipolar condition. I'd urge you to speak to your local Medicaid office to see if you can qualify for health care assistance. That said, I admire the fact you're being "aware and cautious." It's great you haven't experienced any major symptoms after three weeks of going off the meds, but as you know with bipolar, a serious mood swing can occur at any time. To prepare for this possibility, I suggest you write down the telephone number of a crisis hotline so you can get help if you need it. Also write down the office number of the doctor who was treating you before you went off the meds. Even though you don't have insurance now, if you find yourself in crisis, it would be a good idea to inform your doctor. Of course, if you experience any thoughts of suicide or hurting yourself, please call 911 immediately. I wish you all the best.  I'm sorry you're going through this. It's always scary when we have a problem with our eyes! The first thing to clarify is this: Is it your actual eyeball that's twitching? Or is it your eyeLID? Twitching of the eyelid is called and is quite common. It tends to come and go, as you described. It can get worse and more frequent from time to time, and then clear up for long periods. Stress, fatigue, and caffeine are common culprits of blepharospasm. If it's your eyeball that's twitching, that would be more worrisome, to me. When a person's eyeballs twitch, it's usually both of them. If your eyeball, itself, is the problem, I'd advise you to see a doctor. I realize you said you don't have insurance, but most communities have free or low-cost health care clinics. You could start by getting checked at one of those, just to calm any fears you may have about this situation. I wish you all the best!  The sequence of events here is a little unclear to me. It sounds like you had your gallbladder removed recently and also have other symptoms that sound unrelated to your gallbladder problem. If you had your gallbladder removed recently, and you have three or four small incisions (including one in your belly button), then you had . During this procedure, several small incisions are made in your abdomen, and instruments are inserted through them. To make this process work, your abdomen is inflated with harmless carbon dioxide gas. The unfortunate side effect of this gas is post-surgery bloating and, sometimes, pain. At times, the pain can occur in the shoulder area. This is normal and should go away within several days. Vomiting after gallbladder surgery also is not uncommon. If you follow a lower-fat diet, it should help with the vomiting issue. If you had gallbladder surgery recently, you should be scheduled for follow-up appointments with your surgeon. Please keep these appointments. Your surgeon will be able to tell you if your recovery is progressing normally. The pimples and sores in your underarm, thigh, and nipple area do not sound like they're related to your gallbladder issues. Digestive system issues usually do not manifest as skin problems. I would suggest you consult a dermatologist (or even your primary care physician) to take a look at these lesions to find out what they are, and what's causing them. I hope this helps and wish you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Of course, it's not possible to diagnose what's going on via a forum like this. It could be your , but then again it could also be a problem with a in the shoulder, , a pinched nerve in your arm or neck, tendinitis, muscle strain -- quite a few things. The only way to tell for sure what's going on and get appropriate treatment is by having a physical exam. Even though you don't have insurance, you may be able to find affordable care at a free or low-cost health clinic in your area. Some clinics charge a fee based on a sliding scale. Others (such as healthcare for the homeless) are entirely free. You might be able to find these clinics by searching on the internet. You might also want to see if you qualify for Medicaid coverage (if you're in the U.S.). I wish I could tell you how to treat your problem, but without a diagnosis it's just not possible. Some of the conditions I listed above may resolve with rest, while others require medication or, as a last resort, surgery. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds absolutely miserable! Because this situation is now going on three weeks, I would suggest you get it checked out. You may be able to avoid the emergency room (and the high fees involved) by searching in your community for a free or low-cost health care clinic. Sometimes these have the name "healthcare for the homeless," but you usually don't have to be homeless to take advantage of the services. I cannot provide a hotlink here, but if you visit http://www.hrsa.gov/gethealthcare/affordable/index.html, you can search for low-cost health care in your area. I wish you all the best with this!  Oh, ouch! That sounds painful! For those who don't know, the frenulum linguae (sometimes called the lingual frenulum) is that piece of sail-like tissue that attaches the tongue to the floor of the mouth. You're wise to be concerned about infection. The main sign you should watch for is a fever over 101F, along with generally feeling crappy -- as if you might be coming down with the flu. Those would both be indications to seek medication attention. In the meantime, you might try gently rinsing with antiseptic mouthwash a couple of times a day (don't go overboard with this, as that could be counterproductive). You can continue to brush your teeth, but spit gently. The good news is your tongue (and mouth, in general) tend to heal quickly. You probably will be all healed up within a couple of weeks, tops. If your frenulum linguae doesn't heal or if it gets swollen, angry, and red, then I'd suggest you see a doctor. Chances are you won't have to resort to that, though. Hope this helps!  Well, I'd suggest you at least call the doctor who diagnosed your to discuss these symptoms. Usually, a person who's diagnosed with anemia is put on a treatment regimen that's appropriate to the type of anemia (for example, iron supplements or B12 injections). Unfortunately, only your doctor can explain what might be going on with your health and recommend treatment. You may be able to have this conversation by phone in order to avoid an office visit charge, but it depends on the health care provider. I'm sorry you're feeling so ill and hope you get some answers soon!  I'm sorry to hear you lost an ovary at such a young age and that it's causing you anxiety 5 years later. The situation you describe (a twisted ovary or "ovarian torsion") is relatively uncommon. The majority of cases (about 75%) occur in women under age 30. Ovarian torsion is caused by an underlying problem, such as unusually long fallopian tubes or congested veins in the blood supply that serves the ovary. It's unfortunate your surgeon didn't give you a report as to the underlying cause for your ovarian torsion. Possibly you could still obtain the records from the surgery in an effort to determine what the cause was. This would be useful from the standpoint that a gynecologist could give you a better idea of whether or not the situation may recur with the other ovary. Although you have no health insurance, you should still be able to obtain health care at any of the many free or low-cost women's health clinics around the country. If there's not one in your immediate city, try to find one in a nearby town. In addition, check with your local Medicaid office to find out if you qualify for free health insurance through your state program. It's crucial you obtain a Pap smear and pelvic exam, just for your overall health and well-being. Meanwhile, try to keep a positive attitude and know there's no way to prevent an ovarian torsion. You simply need to be vigilant to the symptoms you experienced before. If you begin to experience any of those symptoms again (sudden, extreme abdominal pain accompanied by nausea, fever, or a racing heartbeat), get quickly to an emergency room and inform the doctor you've had a previous ovary removed due to torsion. Ovaries sometimes can be saved if ovarian torsion is diagnosed quickly enough. Best wishes to you!  As a plastic and reconstructive surgery nurse, I worked with many women who had large breasts that caused rashes or neck pain. Here's what I can tell you. The type of procedure you're looking for is breast reduction, not augmentation. will reduce the overall size of your breasts, as well as "perking them up," so they sit in a more natural position. Many insurance companies will cover breast reduction under certain conditions. For example, serious neck pain that doesn't respond to any other treatment (like physical therapy) and can be attributed to large breasts may be covered. With rashes, insurance companies seem (in my experience) less likely to cover breast reduction unless the rashes recur frequently and have not responded to other treatments. You need to have documentation that you've seen your primary care provider multiple times and have tried prescription creams (or whatever) without clearing up the rashes for more than short periods of time. Also, with rashes, your insurance may be less likely to cover the procedure if you're obese because, in theory, reducing the size of your abdomen might help the rash problem. If you've tried without success to medically treat the rashes, I'd suggest you schedule an appointment with a plastic and reconstructive surgeon to discuss your options. He or she won't be able to tell you if your insurance will cover a breast reduction, but the surgeon can give you an opinion on whether you might benefit from breast reduction and can submit the claim for prior authorization. After that, it's up to the individual insurer. You need to know that breast reduction can impair your ability to nurse a baby. It's doubtful you'd be completely unable to nurse, but removing breast tissue does reduce the number of milk ducts, which can reduce the volume of milk your baby is able to get from nursing. Hope this helps!  Hm. You raise an interesting question. It's true that broken bones may be more prone to developing arthritis. It helps to understand that (which is what we're talking about here) doesn't necessarily mean the development of painful, bony spurs in a joint (which is what a lot of people think). Technically, "osteoarthritis" refers to the raw edges of two pieces of bone rubbing together painfully. We usually think of osteoarthritis as something that comes on gradually, over the course of years, because that is how the disease usually progresses in healthy tissue. Osteoarthritis is called the "wear and tear" disease because, under normal circumstances, the cartilage between bones in a joint wears away over the decades until the two pieces of bone grind against each other. However, the course may be different for osteoarthritis caused by trauma (such as a broken bone). I'd suggest you sit down with your doctor and have him or her define "arthritis" for you so that you understand better what they're talking about. They should also be able to explain in very clear terms how it is arthritis could develop in your foot so quickly. I hope this information helps!  A fall like the one you describe definitely can cause muscle stiffness and soreness throughout the entire body. In fact, a fall like that can cause painful back spasms, in particular. You should see a doctor if: Symptoms get worse after 3 days or so You begin to have difficulty breathing or shortness of breath You begin to run a fever You experience numbness, shock-like pains, or a "running water" sensation in your arms or hands You have difficulty urinating Otherwise, you probably are safe to take a wait-and-see approach to this. Muscle spasms and soreness may resolve on their own, or they may require medical intervention. Only time will tell. Feel better soon!  I certainly understand her reluctance to seek medical attention when she doesn't have insurance. Many communities offer free or low-cost clinics to people who are uninsured. Maybe you can help her find one of these. I think your daughter needs to get this checked out. It may be completely benign, such as a lipoma (a fatty non-cancerous tumor). But then again, it could be something more serious. Certainly, if your daughter has a fever or is experiencing unintended weight loss, she needs to be checked out as soon as possible. You might encourage your daughter, also, by reminding her the cost of an office visit is substantially less than the cost of an emergency room visit, so why put off getting this thing looked at? I wish your daughter all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're dealing with this. It sounds exhausting. Although you don't have insurance, you need to get checked out by a doctor. Chronic can have many bad side effects, such as causing a mineral imbalance that affects your heart. Most cities, even small ones, offer free or low-cost health care clinics. Some of these clinics allow people to pay on a sliding fee scale. This means the fee is based on your income and expenses. You can get information about these clinics by contacting your local Medicaid office. Or use a search engine and type in the name of your city, followed by "free health clinics." Meanwhile, it's very important you drink plenty of water. Chronic diarrhea can cause severe dehydration. I wish you all the best in getting the problem diagnosed and treated.  I'm going to say that unless you're having trouble breathing, you probably do not need to get an X-ray done. It's pretty hard to break a rib from an unintentional punch, though of course anything's possible. Even if the rib is cracked, there's not much treatment for it except to bind it. You might try using a wide compression (Ace) bandage to see if that helps the pain, but don't wrap it excessively tight. Gentle support is fine. Another possibility is that you tore some cartilage between ribs. That can be very painful and, more bad news, can take a long time to heal. This could account for why you're still having pain. The only treatment for this type of injury is rest and time. If the pain gets worse over time instead of better; if you develop a fever, chills, or flu-like symptoms; or if you suddenly have trouble breathing, then it's definitely time to get checked out by a doctor, insurance or no insurance. Otherwise, I think you can take a wait-and-see approach to this. Over-the-counter pain relievers, used according to package directions, might give you some relief, too. I hope you feel better soon!  If you find out that you will be responsible for paying the cost of drug detox treatment and/or rehab, do not let that discourage you from getting help. Talk to the detox facility and/or rehab to see if they offer any discounts or scholarships. It could be you qualify for a special program. Another option for covering the cost is to see if the detox center (rehab) works with a finance company or can recommend a finance company that other patients have worked with to cover the balance. Sometimes this is a good option because it will allow you to spread the balance out over several months. Many facilities offer a considerable discount to patients who are able to pay cash up front as well. Asking all these questions could land you some nice discounts and an more affordable rate for your budget. If you find a facility that is highly recommended to you - don't be afraid to tell them how much you want to receive their service. The seemingly most inexpensive route is a government funded detox or rehab. Government funded means that the program is funded by state and federal money. As for how much drug detox and/or rehab costs for these programs, it is possible to pay a few hundred dollars and under and in some cases they are of no cost  depending of funding. Traditional hospital detox (or rehab) may cost from a few hundred dollars to a few thousand depending on how much funding they receive from the government or outside agencies. Although there are some luxury high-end private detox facilities and rehabs, where the cost can start at $10,000 per day  it is also important to know that some private treatments may cost about $1,000 per day and offer some extra amenities. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  There is nothing over the counter, however the manufacturer of the drug used to prevent outbreaks (Valtrex) does have a patient assistance program which, once you sign up, will mail you a 3 month supply of the drug at one time. When that three months is almost over you will receive the next package. At the end of a year, you'll have to be reassessed, but if you still don't have insurance you will still qualify. The manufacturer is Glaxo-Smith Kline, the name of the program is Bridges to Access, and here's the link: http://www.bridgestoaccess.com/ I hope this helps!!  Carrie,  Hi brendabreezy , My mother and I have gone through this. Your oxygen level most likely is dropping at night due to "sleep apnea" which is when you stop breathing for a period of time every few minutes (usally while snoring) and thus your not getting enough oxygen in your lungs, brain, heart, ect.. An oxygen level of 78 is very low so they may want to do blood tests to rule out blood disorders and due a check on your white blood cell count and see if any of the labs show whatt could be causing your fatiguel. If not, something else could be going on. In my Mothers and my cases we both have COPD (corany obstrutive pulminary disease). You can have that with Bronchitis and/or Emphysima as it is a respiratory disorder that does end up doing damage to your lungs as well as your heart over time. But with your other problems I can only take a wild guess. You should write down or type all your questions for the doctor (make copy for yourself to make sure Dr doesn't just skip over the hard quesions) and see what he is trying to find out and what is already ruled out. Depression can affect your healing process as mind over matter isn't just a saying. And if you no longer have insurance, see if you will qualify for a Medicaid card with your income level. If not there are clinics that charge low prices for the working poor but you will have to call around to find them. Good Luck, JJ  Sorry to hear about this difficulty. The doctor who initially prescribed the medication may be a good starting point to ask for information about resources in your area. There are some programs that the drug manufacturer has that helps those who need the drug. The prescribing doctor can help you explore these options.  Janumet is a combination product containing Januvia and metformin. Both medications are used to help decrease sugar levels found in blood circulation after eating a meal, but by different mechanisms of actions. Metformin is a generic medication that can be found at several pharmacies on their special pricing lists for one month and three month supplies. However, Januvia is still a brand medication, as well as Janumet. There are plenty of different combinations of diabetes medications that can be used to lower sugar levels. However, if sugar levels are being maintained with this combination product, I would not switch. Check with your insurance company to see if there is a lower co-pay for using Januvia versus Janumet. If so, you still can get the same coverage as Janumet by taking the two ingredients, Januvia and metformin. There arent medications in the same drug class, but there are medications available to help lower sugar levels by a different means of action within the body. Start by contacting your insurance to see what they cover and at what co-pay costs. Work with your pharmacist and physician to see what will work best for diabetes coverage specific to your husbands needs. Check around with pharmacies to see if they have different generic lists of medications they cover at a lower cost that may be lower than your insurance. Lastly, talk to your doctor to see if he/she has any co-pay assistance cards. Many brand medications do have an assistance program to aid with co-pays. ...  http://www.denplan.co.uk/ http://www.dpas.co.uk/ http://www.privilegeplan.co.uk/ You can get more information about it at http://www.zebondental.co.uk/prices.html  Well if its happening in your lower back I would say that it could be a UTI. Does it feel like you have to pee alot?  Most dental insurance providers cover some or all of the cost of dentures. However, contact your company to find out the specifics of what they will cover.  In general, dental implants are not covered by dental insurance at this time. Coverage under your medical plan may be possible, depending on the insurance plan and/or cause of tooth loss. Detailed questions about your individual needs and how they relate to insurance should be discussed with your dentist and your insurance provider.  There are physicians certified in Addiction Medicine at County and State facilities who are able to offer assistance at very reasonable rates for residents. You can check on this via the American Society of Addiction Medicine: . In addition, you can also research where 12 Step meetings are held and attend or call the listed number to ask for help.  it could be the left tonsil...Look at it with a flashlight by looking at the throat. If you see anything white (white dots) they need to see a doctor. That is usually a sign of Strep Throat which can be extremely dangerous if not treated right away with antibiotics. If the tonsil looks healthy then it could also be a lymph node  wound care yes, but you need to see a MD for possible antibiotic treatment  Unusually that you don't appear to have presented a query below. but... life assurance There are several certainties in existence. Small individuals insurance and demise, fees charging lots of cash - simply the way in which it's.  The reason is, is that, Prevacid has recently been approved to go over-the-counter. So that's probably one of the reasons why the insurance is not covering it anymore. However though, it all depends on the person's insurance. Insurances have list of medications that they will pay for, called formularies, and it's not uncommon for drugs to go on formulary and off of formulary. So as a pharmacist, when I get a prescription and I process it through the insurance, they usually tell me this type of information. So if you are unsure, you can ask us. But once again, if you look at the back of your insurance card, there is 1-800 Member Services number. That's for you to call with questions about what's covered, what's not, what is my copay at a particular location? Feel free to call them and ask them exactly why Prevacid is no longer covered under your Insurance.  I would watch the bites because spider bites can cause serious skin infections, which usually require antibiotics. Check the area where you sleep, vacuum the area, and make sure you keep windows and doors closed to prevent the spiders from coming inside.  You never want to take someone else's medication; this is risky and not safe. Antibiotics do not help with poison ivy. I would recommend calling your local hospitals to see if they have a clinic or try visiting the "in-store clinics" that are in some drugstores. You can try products like Zanafel, Ivy Dry, and Tecnu that can help with drying up the oils causing the itching.  This is a great question. Luckily, Medicare provides a great web site for folks to check out whats covered and what isn't covered in its list of medications or formulary. Check out www.medicare.gov, and click "Formulary Finder" 2010 Plan Data, and then select your state of residence in the drop-down menu. Then type in the medication you wish to learn about.  This actually happened to one of my family members, especially as drug formularies change at certain times of the year. Allegra-D is comprised of two drugs: fexofenadine (an antihistamine) and pseudoephedrine (a decongestant) available by prescription. There are several antihistamine/decongestant combinations that are available over the counter but you need to see the pharmacist in order to purchase, like Zyrtec-D, Claritin-D, and Alavert-D. I recommend you talk to your pharmacist to see what one may be best for you since some may cause drowsiness and others do not. Also, be sure to work with your pharmacist, and bring your medication list to help determine if there are any drug-drug interactions with other medications you might be taking.  This is a great question as patients seek alternatives to medications and health care. Drug supplements are not regulated by the FDA like prescription and over-the-counter medications, which have to prove their safety and efficacy. I generally do not recommend supplements because they are risky. If you have a tooth problem and do not have insurance, I recommend you check out the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) web site for federally funded health centers near you: http://findahealthcenter.hrsa.gov. These health centers exist in urban and rural settings and provide medical care, preventative care, and dental care and prescription drugs for folks without insurance. Payment is based on your income and what you can afford.  This is a common question I get at the pharmacy. The first thing I ask is if they have spoken with their doctor or health care provider about this and do they know you are having a hard time paying for your medications. If your conditions, especially the asthma, are being well controlled with the medications, switching to a generic or another class of medications that has a generic may not be an optimal choice. If you get switched, you may end up seeing the doctor more often or have more emergency room visits, which in the end, drives up health care costs. Many of the companies have assistance programs so you may want to look at contacting Merck and AstraZeneca, who manufacture the medications you are currently on.  Great question. No, there are no over-the-counter medications that help lower blood sugar. If you have been diagnosed with diabetes, it is important that you still try to see a health care provider for evaluation. Depending on your condition, you may be eligible for some classes of medications that are available generically and are lower in cost. You want to make sure you do not ignore this because you can end up in the hospital if your diabetes goes untreated. You are on the right track though, diet, exercise and lifestyle modification are important factors in helping lower blood sugar. I encourage you to visit the American Diabetes Association web site at www.diabetes.org for more information and tips. Talk to your pharmacist too, they may be able to help you choose a more cost-effective meter to test your blood sugar at home.  Great question. Focalin XR and Metadate CD are brand medications of methylphenidate. In the sibling analogy, they are considered "twins." With Metadate CD, you get both "twins" and with Focalin, you get the stronger of the "twins" only. If your insurance company is covering Focalin XR over Metadate, your son should be OK with the switch. Due to the formulation, Focalin XR is more potent than Metadate and may require a lower dose. Focalin XR and Medatate CD are in a different class than Adderall XR, which is mixed amphetamine salts (or amphetamine and dextroamphetamine).  Though the previous answer is right, i want to notice that a few steps have been done in order for covering liposuction and other cosmetic procedures.. recently BAAPS (British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons) decided that insurance for Plastic Surgery Complications is necessary!  This question was sparked, no doubt, by the much-talked-about individual mandate, which is a central component of the health reform law. With some exceptions, this provision would require all U.S. citizens to purchase health insurance or face a penalty beginning in 2014. At 53, with an annual income of $12,000, this reader would likely qualify for Medicaid. Starting in 2014, states will receive additional funding from the federal government to cover the cost of extending Medicaid benefits. If you're an individual making $14,000 per year or a family of four earning $29,000 or less (133 percent of the federal poverty level), you would receive health benefits via Medicaid and avoid paying a penalty. Helping the Middle Class Pay for Insurance For the middle class, tax credits will be made available to help pay for health plans purchased through health insurance exchanges that will be set up by 2014. If you're an individual making $43,000 or less, or a family of four making less than $88,000, the government will subsidize your insurance premiums. You may also be eligible for reduced co-payments, coinsurance, and deductibles to assist with the cost of coverage. But if you fail to obtain insurance, you will be penalized. Here's how it breaks down: Starting in 2014 the tax penalty will be $95 and that amount will gradually increase to the greater of $695 per year for individuals, $2085 per family or 2.5 percent of a household's income. There will be exemptions for financial hardship. The Individual Mandate -- A Little Background The individual mandate was included in the new law as a way of paying for an additional 30 million uninsured Americans to have insurance by requiring everyone to pay into the system. This is one the most hotly debated aspects of the new law. A number of lawsuits have been filed around the country questioning whether or not it is constitutional to require Americans to purchase a product, in this case, health insurance. Recent rulings in Michigan and Virginia upheld the new law. However, earlier this week, a federal judge in Richmond, Va. ruled against it, saying that the individual mandate to purchase health insurance violates the Constitution. All this is to say that there will be many legal battles between now and 2014 when this mandate is scheduled to take effect. Ultimately the decision as to whether it's legal for the government to require people to purchase health insurance will likely fall to the Supreme Court.  Figuring out which insurance plan will best meet your health needs for the coming year is far from simple. If you get your insurance through an employer, youll likely be given a few plan options from which to choose. If you buy insurance in the private market, you can search for plans available in your area and compare the benefits side-by-side at either Healthcare.gov or eHealthInsurance.com. When evaluating each plan, take the following factors into consideration: Do the math: Estimating what your out-of-pocket costs will be over the course of the next year is one of the most important considerations when choosing a health plan. That means calculating the cost of items, such as expected deductibles, co-pays, co-insurance and prescriptions. Once youve added the numbers ask yourself: Is it cheaper to purchase a high deductible plan with a lower monthly premium that costs me more before benefits kick in? Or, do I see a doctor frequently enough to make it worth my while to pay more each month for a plan that covers costs right away for each doctor visit or treatment? Also factor in your worst-case scenario. What will your maximum financial exposure be if you get sick and need serious medical care? Most insurers offer plan-modeling tools on their web site to help you factor in how many times you typically see a doctor during the year, how many prescriptions you take and whether youre planning a surgery, to help you figure out what your total out-of-pocket costs might be and which plan options might best serve you. Review covered services: If youre planning to become pregnant and your plan doesnt cover maternity care (a common situation in the private market), youll be left with a hefty bill upon babys arrival. Carefully check out the list of excluded benefits in the health-plan summary. If in doubt, call the insurance company directly to confirm that the type of care and services you require are covered under the plan youre considering. Provider networks and drug formularies: Is your doctor in the network? Are the three medications you take each month listed in the health plans formulary? If not, youre in for sticker shock. Provider network and drug formulary information should be listed in the summary plan description or you can check the insurers web site for that information. If youre searching for insurance on your own, eHealthInsurance.com offers an option whereby you can type in your doctors name to see if she or he is in a health plans network. You might also want to call your doctor(s) directly to confirm participation.  Here's the new reality: We're all paying more for fewer health benefits. A 2010 employer health benefits survey conducted by the Kaiser Family Foundation found that employees paid 14% more for family health coverage last year than just one year before. And, an online survey just out from Glassdoor.com found that cuts to health and dental benefits were on the rise during the last quarter of 2010, with more than 11% of employees surveyed seeing their benefits reduced in the past six months. What's driving costs skyward? Experts cite a mix of inefficiencies within the health-care system, a growing use of medical technology, an aging population, widespread chronic disease, medical malpractice and rising prescription drug costs. All this has prompted many people to ask: "How can I save money on my health care?" Here, a few cost-saving tips to consider: Negotiate. Ask your doctor, hospital or lab upfront how much your care will cost, and then ask for a better price. To find out what's reasonable for the type of care you need, you can use online tools such as Healthcare Blue Book and Vimo. Be sure to ask your provider for the CPT code (Common Procedural Terminology) that corresponds to the service you need so you can be sure you're getting an accurate comparison. Some large insurers also make costs of care available to their members online. If the procedure you want or need isn't covered by your insurance plan (or you have no insurance) ask for the same rate the provider would give an insurance company. And, make sure you get the agreed-upon rate in writing. Most providers have their billing done by a billing company. You may need to show proof of your agreement to billing staff who didn't get the message from the doctor. Pay cash: Doctors, like everyone else, prefer to be paid right away for the services they provide. Offering to pay in cash for your treatment prevents your doctor or hospital from having to bill you or wait for full payment. That convenience can put you in a stronger position to negotiate a better price on your care. Watch your location: You'll pay more for the same lab work done at a hospital than you would if you had your blood drawn at a free-standing lab or your doctor's office. Talk with your doctor about alternative and less expensive sites for treatment. Review your bills. As I've talked about before ... a large percentage of medical bills contain inaccuracies. Always check for duplicate or inappropriate charges before you pay any bills. Save on prescription drugs: Be sure to shop for the best price on your medications because costs vary widely among different pharmacies. You can compare drug prices side-by-side among many pharmacies at both PlanPrescriber.com and Pharmacychecker.com. The National Association of Boards of Pharmacy offers listings of online pharmacies it has accredited.  A denied claim or refusal to pay for a medical care is among the most common reasons people call their insurance companies. If you've ever had to make that call, you know that doing so can feel like an exercise in futility. ... Marty Rosen, executive vice president and co-founder of Health Advocate, a health care advocacy and assistance organization ... offers five tips for a successful telephone call with your health insurer. 1. Know your benefits: The easiest discussion with your insurance company is the one you don't have to have. Avoid problems in the first place by making sure you understand your benefit plan, the services you're eligible for and the rules you must follow in order to have your care paid for. Do you need pre-authorization from your insurer to see your doctor? Find out before scheduling an appointment. Take action: Martin suggests keeping your Summary of Benefits -- the document that outlines the details of your benefit plan -- on hand when it's time to schedule medical care. "It's a fundamental piece to have available and to understand because that sets the framework for how things will be decided," Rosen says. 2. Keep good records: Insurance companies are typically large corporations with many departments in offices across the United States. Efforts to transfer or maintain important documents proving you're entitled to a benefit or have already paid for a service aren't always successful. Take action: Save all documents sent to you by your insurer, doctors, hospitals and other health-care providers (think explanations of benefits (EOBs), bills, proof of payments etc.) and have them in front of you when calling your insurance company. And, never send your only copy to your insurer. 3. Take good notes: Any conversation you have with your insurer should be well documented. Take action: "Come up with a system and keep a log," Rosen advises. Take careful notes about the people you speak with, their names, the date and what they tell you. It's also a good idea to get in the habit, Rosen advises, of marking down the dates of your doctor visits, whether and how you paid the bill. These are the kind of details that can save you when a dispute over payment arises. 4. Just the facts: Customer service representatives need to know the salient facts of your situation if theyre to help you. The more articulate and organized you are, the better response you'll get. Take action: Before your call, pull together and write down the three main points you need to get across. Then, stick to the script. 5. Take it to the top: If three calls to your insurer about the same problem leave you with three different answers as to how to resolve your problem, it's time to climb the company ladder. Customer service representatives have limited authority, and their knowledge of each plan's details and regulations are too often lacking. Take action: Ask for a supervisor or executive-level company employee. Your request may meet with resistance, but keep pushing. "They are given a script," Rosen says of the customer service people at insurance companies. "When they say there is no one else to talk to, thats absolute nonsense." If youre being stonewalled, file a formal appeal with your insurer. You may also be eligible for an external appeal with an independent reviewer in cases where your insurer won't budge. Check with your state insurance department for details. You can also enlist the help of billing advocates, who can be found through organizations such as Medical Billing Advocates of America and Health Advocate. And, low-cost or free legal services are available in every state. Check the nonprofit LawHelp.org for resources.  Doctors and hospitals that contract with an insurance company are legally bound to accept the rate of pay stated in the contract. If a health-care provider who is in-network with your insurance company bills you for additional payment because they weren't paid as much as they wanted, that's balance billing, and that's not allowed. Unfortunately, though, the practice happens all too often. It's worth noting that balance billing has been an especially big problem for patients who had no choice but to seek emergency care at a hospital not participating with their insurer. As a provision of the health reform law, new health plans starting on or after September 23, 2010 cannot charge you more for emergency services if you end up in an ER that is out of your insurer's network. Fighting back If your health-care provider is contracted with your insurance company (confirm that the doctor or hospital is, in fact, in-network), and you are being asked to pay the difference between what the provider wants to charge and what he/she is contracted to receive from your insurer, fight back. Here's how: Complain. As a first step, file a grievance with your insurance company. In addition to helping you fight the bills, this step will protect you from being sued and reported to a credit agency. Either check your Summary of Benefits or call the member services number on the back of your insurance card to ask how to initiate the appeal. If you get insurance through work, you can also ask your human resources department for help. Bring in the authorities. What if complaining to your insurer doesn't work? "If you don't get satisfaction, you can go to regulators like the Department of Managed Health Care or Department of Insurance," says Anthony Wright, executive director for Health Access, a California state health care consumer advocacy coalition. An investigation of your case will be conducted once you file an official complaint. Get expert help. If going through all other channels doesn't bring relief, you can find low-cost or free legal services in the state where you live at LawHelp.org. You can also enlist the help of billing advocates, which can be found through organizations such as Medical Billing Advocates of America and Health Advocate.  If you have an existing medical condition such as diabetes, heart disease or cancer, and don't get health insurance through either your or your spouse's employer, there's a good chance you're uninsured. The private insurance market is notorious for shutting out people with pre-existing health conditions. Under health reform, however, you have new options: In July 2010, federally funded high-risk insurance pools, or the Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plans (PCIP), were set up to extend coverage for the medically uninsurable. The plans are intended to function as a bridge until 2014 when insurers can no longer deny coverage even to those who are sick. High Hopes Given the trouble people with health conditions have accessing insurance (the central issue around which the health-reform law was formed), the expectation was that the high-risk health plans would be flooded with applicants. That didn't happen. In fact, enrollment has been extremely low; as of November, 2010, only about 8,000 people had enrolled. The numbers are growing ever so slightly, however. Kathleen Sebelius, secretary of the department of Health and Human Services (HHS), recently reported that 10,000 people are now enrolled in PCIP plans. In part, credit is being given to efforts by state and federal governments to better advertise the existence of these plans. If you have a pre-existing health condition and don't know about, or have yet to look into the PCIPs, here's your call to action. High-Risk Plan Details To qualify for a PCIP plan, you must be without health insurance coverage for at least six months. You also have to demonstrate that you've applied for and been denied coverage on the private insurance market, or were offered a plan that was unreasonably expensive. The program covers primary and specialty care, hospitalization, and prescription drugs. Preventive care is also covered at 100%, and you won't be charged more because of your condition. At the start of 2011, HHS threw in some new plan options. You can choose among three: * Standard Plan. * Extended Plan. * HSA Plan (a tax-exempt Health Savings Account where you can deposit money to use for medical expenses). To review general differences in deductibles and in and out-of-network costs among the three plans check out https://www.pcip.gov/PCIP_%20pamphlet_benefits_summary.pdf Signing Up PCIP is available in all states, although the programs vary: Some are run by states, while others are being administered by the federal Department of Health and Human Services. Check the government's web site [https://www.pcip.gov/StatePlans.html] for details by clicking on your state in a map of the country. You'll be linked to a page with specific information about the high-risk plan where you live. And here's where you can apply either online or by printing and filling out an application: https://www.pcip.gov/Apply.html . Monthly premium costs will be based on your age and where you live, but the website will also give you a general guide as to the cost in your state. Take Another Look If you've looked into a high-risk plan before but decided against applying based on expense, take another look. This year, HHS slashed the federally run plans by about 20% in order to entice more folks to join.  "It depends on the doctor's relationship with the insurance company," says Richard E. Ungar, a Los Angeles-based health-care attorney. That relationship can make the difference between balance billing (not allowed) and billing you for a balance you owe (completely kosher). Is Your Doc In Or Out? A health-care provider who is in-network with your insurance company has negotiated a price for his or her medical services and signed a contract with your insurer agreeing to those rates as payment in-full. With the exception of your co-pay, deductible, or coinsurance, in-network providers generally cannot charge you more for their services. Doing so is considered balance billing, whether or not you've signed a form stating you'll pay the balance of what your insurer won't. But that's not the end of the story. There are scenarios in which you may be required to pay beyond what your insurance company will, even if the doctor is in your carrier's network. Duped by Details There are details consumers commonly overlook about the rules of their insurance coverage that cause trouble, says Marty Rosen, executive vice president and co-founder of Health Advocate, a healthcare advocacy and assistance organization. Forgetting the common requirement to pre-certify services before receiving care is a frequent mistake. Another is not confirming ahead of time whether you're being treated by doctors in your insurance carrier's network. "Failure to do so may result in denial of coverage by your insurance company and thus, large out-of-pocket fees," Rosen says. Also watch for certain elements of a doctor's visit that your insurance coverage may not cover, Ungar warns. For example, let's say you see an in-network doctor for a routine colonoscopy. Both the doctor visit and the procedure may be fully covered by your insurer. But if your doctor decides to use a newer sedative that requires an anesthesiologist to administer it (as opposed to doing it herself), Unger says, you could be on the hook for the anesthesiologist's charges. In order to avoid unnecessary health care costs before you get care: * Make sure the service you need is covered. * Determine exactly what the contracted service includes. * Confirm that the doctor is in your network. And don't sign any documents you don't understand or don't feel comfortable with.   Your first step is to request an internal review of the decision you want overturned by your health plan. Your insurer should send you instructions explaining how to do this and the deadlines you'll have to meet. It must also send you a notice once it has reached a final decision and include an explanation of the outcome. Here are some documents you'll want to start collecting in order to initiate the appeal: Your insurance plan or group number and/or Social Security number Your doctor's name and the bill for the services in question Description of the service you want covered and why Explanation of Benefits (EOB) forms Copy of the health plan booklet section that describes coverage related to treatment Copies of the medical records that relate to the service or treatment in question External Review: If you're not satisfied with your insurance company's ruling, you have the right to an external review, which is conducted by an independent third party (often your state insurance department). Your health plan should include information about how to file an external appeal in the notice it sends you. If you haven't gotten the information and get your insurance at work, talk with your human resources department to ask for help. You can also contact the U.S. Department of Labor's Employee Benefits Advisors (866-444-3272). Your state's insurance commissioner's office is a great place to go for help too; many are setting up consumer assistance programs that work with consumers on health insurance appeals. For more detailed information about appeals processes under the law, see " Your Right to Appeal ," on the nonprofit Families USA website.  The simple answer, unfortunately, is no. The provision of the health reform law that started last September applies to insurance plans that exist or are newly purchased (grandfathered plans are exempt). The benefit does not extend to people without insurance. Unfortunately, those currently uninsured won't reap the benefits of this provision until 2014, when preventive services will be free under any health plan sold through health insurance exchanges. No doubt, that's not the answer people want to hear. The law is scheduled to roll out in stages, with the most significant provision  the requirement that everyone have access to health insurance  kicking in only two and half years from now on Jan. 1, 2014. If you're unable to afford health insurance on the private insurance market, it's worth checking to see if you might be eligible for public options in your state. CoverageforAll.org is a resource offered by the Foundation for Health Coverage Education (FHCE). On its web site, you can search for insurance options around the country in one convenient place. Go to the organization's eligibility quiz, which will help you identify program information tailored to your specific needs, along with associated costs, a sign-up check list and links to every program available in your state. And at benefits.gov you can search for all of the government programs for which you may be eligible. You can also speak with someone by phone at: 800-FED-INFO.  If you are a young person looking for health insurance, or a parent looking on behalf of your child, here are some options to explore: Your Parents' Plan Students who are about to graduate college without a job supplying health insurance should look to join or remain on their parents' health plan, if that's an option. Graduating from college and losing existing insurance coverage is considered a qualifying event, meaning you'd be eligible to sign up now, rather than having to wait for the fall when most companies conduct open enrollment. College Plans Not all colleges offer a student health plan, but many do. And some colleges require students to prove they have some form of health insurance. If you're a college student, or the parent of one, student health plans may offer an affordable route to coverage. Most of these plans currently have low benefit caps, which means you'll very quickly bump up against the limits of what the plan will pay for, leaving you with a big bill if you go to the emergency room or get very sick. The Private Market For a young, reasonably healthy person, the private insurance market may offer some reasonable and affordable options. The federal government's web site healthcare.gov is a good place to start your search. To compare plans and purchase online or with the help of a licensed broker, you can also log on to ehealthinsurance.com or vimo.com. For more information about the health insurance options available to college grads, check out the Young Invincibles' tool kit available on its website.  Certain illnesses almost always result in an application for health insurance on the private market being declined. These include cancer, heart disease, diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis and drug and alcohol dependency. Other minor conditions, such as allergies, asthma, mild depression, or well-controlled high blood pressure or migraines may result in a denial from some insurance companies but not others. COBRA Because you've had coverage through your employer, you would likely qualify for COBRA Continuation Coverage, which will extend your current health plan for 18 months. Once you've exhausted your COBRA benefits, you're guaranteed by federal law to get a policy on the private insurance market. Just make sure you obtain a certificate of "credible coverage" from your current insurance company once your COBRA benefits end. PCIP Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plans (PCIP) were set up under health reform to extend coverage for the medically uninsurable. The plans are intended to function as a bridge until 2014, when insurers can no longer deny coverage even to those who are sick. The requirements for PCIP plan eligibility make it difficult for many people to access -- you must be without health insurance coverage for at least six months. You can check out the various PCIP plans available, along with costs here . Private Insurance Although insurance companies selling plans on the private market can and often do decline coverage based on minor ailments or past treatments, you shouldn't just assume you'll be denied if you have a medical condition. The key is to shop around to different carriers. It's also a good idea to work with a licensed insurance agent knowledgeable about the carriers in your state. You can check the National Association of Health Underwriters' website to find someone near you.  You're in a tough spot in that the insurance options available to part-time workers are limited. And because many part-time workers are also in the low-income group, affording insurance on the private market is often challenging, if not totally impossible, due to the high cost. If you're uninsured, don't automatically assume that coverage is out of reach. Check for both public and private insurance options at CoverageforAll.org, a resource offered by the Foundation for Health Coverage Education (FHCE). Also take a look at community health centers in your area, which charge for medical services on a sliding scale. These centers got a financial boost under the health reform law to enable them to expand and provide medical care to an additional 20 million people across the country. To find a center in your area, check the Health Resources and Services Administration web site . Your state and local public health departments are also a good place to look.  There are a number of circumstances under which you're entitled to appeal your insurer's decisions. You can appeal if your insurer: Denied payment for your care Ruled that your care was not medically necessary Said that you're not eligible for the benefit in question Claimed that your treatment is experimental Claimed that you have a pre-existing condition (when your plan does not cover them) By law, your insurer must review your appeal and make a determination within certain timelines: 72 hours for denials of urgent care. 30 days for denials of nonurgent care you have not yet received. 60 days for denials of service you have already received. If your insurance company has been paying for your care and made a recent decision to stop, it's always worth asking that it continue paying for your treatment until a determination on your appeal has been made.  PCIPs, which went into effect last July, were set up to extend coverage for the medically uninsurable. The plans -- which cover primary and specialty care, hospitalization, prescription drugs and preventive care at 100% -- are intended to function as a bridge until 2014 when insurers can no longer deny coverage even to those who are sick. Here is what's different about these plans: Looser requirements: The requirement that you must demonstrate that you've been denied by insurers before applying has been lifted. That's a big deal and saves both time and money for people interested in applying. Lower cost: The federal government runs the PCIP program in 23 states and Washington, D.C. In most of those places, the plans will become more affordable. The amount of premium cuts will vary by state, with some slashing prices by as much as 40%. You can check the government's web site to see what prices are where you live. State flexibility: There are 27 states that run their own PCIP program, which have been granted the option by the federal government to reduce premium costs, as well. Check with your state's health department or PCIP (visit pcip.gov or call 866-717-5826). Unfortunately, what's not different is the requirement that you are uninsured for six months in order to qualify for coverage. For information about how to sign up for a PCIP plan, visit pcip.gov or call 866-717-5826.      You might try going for an evaluation at a community-based health clinic. They offer comprehensive healthcare services on a sliding fee scale. You can find a clinic by searching the U.S. Health Resources and Services Administration website: www.findahealthcenter.hrsa.gov/Search_HCC.aspx.  You mention that this is a pension plan, which suggests this is retiree health insurance from a former employer. If thats the case, then you and your family would be eligible for subsidies, as long as your income qualifies you. If thats not the case and coverage for your family costs more than 8% of your household income youll be exempt from the individual mandate and wont have to pay a tax penalty. Thats a good thing, but you probably prefer not to leave your family uninsured. Its worth working with an insurance agent to see how you can break the family up with regard to finding coverage in a way that may prove more affordable. For example, even without a tax credit, individual plans just for the kids can likely be purchased at a fairly low rate either on or off the Marketplace. Or, if your income is low enough, your kids could qualify for the Childrens Health Insurance Program (CHIP) or Medicaid.  Look for patient assistance programs. NeedyMeds.org has information on thousands of programs, more than 10,000 free, low-cost or sliding scale clinics, drug discount coupons, and nearly 1,000 application assistance programs, which help consumers navigate the confusing application process. RXAssist.org offers a database of pharmaceutical company programs.  Look for patient assistance programs. NeedyMeds.org has information on thousands of programs, more than 10,000 free, low-cost or sliding scale clinics, drug discount coupons, and nearly 1,000 application assistance programs, which help consumers navigate the confusing application process. RXAssist.org offers a database of pharmaceutical company programs.  Dental coverage is one of the essential health benefits that must be made available to children in new health plans. It's not a guaranteed benefit for adults. Often, you must buy a separate dental plan for your kids when signing up for medical insurance.  You'll need to go to your state's health insurance marketplace to examine the plans being sold for the specific benefits you need.  The insurance forms are asking for total household income. That will generally include you and anyone you claim as a dependent on your tax return.  You would need to buy a private dental insurance plan. You can go to websites such as eHealthinsurance.com, GetInsured.com or Delta Dental to search for insurance options.  Generally, these procedures are cosmetic in nature and not paid for by insurance. Whether or not your insurer will cover the surgery depends on whether there are legitimate medical reasons why they're needed. You'll need to work with you doctor and health plan to learn if they will be covered and how.  Generally, these procedures are cosmetic in nature and not paid for by insurance. Whether or not your insurer will cover the surgery depends on whether there are legitimate medical reasons why they're needed. You'll need to work with you doctor and health plan to learn if they will be covered and how.  You will be able to buy a health insurance policy because of the Affordable Care Act. People with pre-existing health conditions can no longer be denied by insurers.  I can't respond to the medical issue, but you can go to a local urgent care center to get care if you're uninsured.  The key to whether you'll be able to access subsidies is whether your work-based insurance is considered affordable and provides adequate coverage. Under the law affordable is a plan that costs no more than 9.5% of your income. Adequate means is covers, on average, at least 60% of your medical costs. If either condition is not met you would be able to buy insurance through the exchange and receive a subsidy.  There are ways of getting free or low-cost dental care.  You can search for a health center near you where you can get low cost or free care through the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services: http://findahealthcenter.hrsa.gov/help/  The only way to know for certain whether the particular therapy your doctor is prescribing will be covered by insurance is to check with your insurer directly. It's probably best to get your doctor's office involved here to make sure the specifics of the treatment are clearly communicated to avoid surprise bills down the line.  If you're buying a new insurance policy it must include drug coverage. That's the law.    Because benefits and cost-sharing arrangements vary greatly from one plan to another, the only way for you to find out how much the surgery will cost is to first check with your insurer.  When you're covered by a PPO and seek care outside of your insurer's network, you face higher costs. Out-of-network providers don't hold a contract with your insurer, so the sky's the limit in terms of what they can charge.  Yes, you will need to have a Social Security number and be able to show proof of your legal immigration status.  Legal immigrants who can demonstrate permanent, continual residency in the country for five years are entitled to Medicare coverage. But it sounds like you've got only 2 years under your belt, so you have a ways to go before being eligible. As long as you're not eligible for Medicare you can look for a plan on the new health insurance marketplaces that open on October 1st. Coverage you purchase this fall will go into effect on January 1, 2014. Once you become eligible for Medicare, you'll enroll in the program and drop your private insurance. For more on where to go in your state to learn about the marketplaces check out WebMD's state pages . You can also find information at healthcare.gov. For more on Medicare, take a look at Medicare.gov  To be eligible for Medicare you need to be both a U.S. citizen and resident. So, you may run into trouble if your primary residence of record is in Canada. I would recommend you contact your State Health Insurance Counseling and Assistance Programs (SHIP) offer free personalized Medicare counseling throughout the country. To find the SHIP near you, visit Medicare.govs Medicare Helpful Contacts page at: www.medicare.gov/Contacts/ or call (800) MEDICARE or 800-633-4227.  The information you've been given is inaccurate. New York is one of about half of all states expanding its Medicaid program under the Affordable Care Act. If your yearly gross income is no more than about $15,856 you could qualify for the program.  Without insurance I would head to an urgent care center for this type of health issue. The clinics are staffed by doctors and they treat a wide range of ailments, including infections, lacerations, and bone fractures -- conditions that require immediate medical attention but that dont pose a threat to life or limb. To find a center near you, you can check the website of the Urgent Care Association of America: http://www.ucaoa.org.  No. Employers are required to cover employees who are eligible for insurance regardless of their medical condition.  Your options for health insurance coverage between now and the end of the year aren't good. You can look for a short-term policy by shopping on eHealthinsurance.com, but I'm not sure that will offer you what you need.  The law allows only for a 3 month lapse in coverage, so yes, you will likely be taxed some if you go uninsured for 6 months. You're also taking a big gamble -- what if you get sick or injured during that time?  I would recommend you take a look at your new options through your state's health insurance marketplace. You don't say whether your child on SSDI is currently covered by Medicare. If so, that would stay in place.  Yes. Everyone is eligible for insurance under the law starting in 2014. Depending on your total income (perhaps you're receiving unemployment insurance) you'll likely be eligible for a subsidy to lower the cost of your insurance. You may also qualify for cost-sharing subsidies which means you'll spend less each time you go for medical care.  You need prior authorization (approval) before your prescription will be filled. You need to contact the company administering your benefits to request that and learn what process you must follow.  You'll need to visit the health insurance marketplace in your state to see the plans available to your (check Healthcare.gov to find where to go). Depending on your income, you may qualify for subsidies to help lower the cost of your insurance. All new health plans must cover the cost of doctor visits and prescription drugs.  No. People with Medicare coverage are not eligible to buy insurance through the marketplaces, and there would no reason for you to do so. If you have Medicare now, that's what you'll stick with. The marketplaces are primarily for people who are currently uninsured or who buy their own insurance.  I can't comment on the value of an AARP membership.  Without using health insurance to cover the cost of diagnostic tests, your only option is to pay for the services directly.  If your employer offers insurance that's both affordable and provides adequate coverage, you won't be eligible for financial help when buying a plan through the Marketplace set up under the law.Affordable and adequate employer health insurance is defined as coverage that costs no more than 9.5% of your income and covers on average 60% of covered medical costs.  Without health insurance, here are some resources to explore for getting lower cost help: Community mental health agencies provide mental health and substance abuse services, often on a sliding scale. To find an agency near you, contact your state or county health department. Mental Health America can connect you with hotlines, support groups and self-help resources, as well as affiliate mental health agencies around the country. The U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) offers a mental health locator and a substance abuse facility locator to connect you with services in your area. Teaching hospitals are training grounds for graduate students studying to become mental health professionals. You may be able to receive lower-cost care by seeing a student, who will be supervised by licensed professionals.  To learn if a particular medication is covered by your insurer you need to check the plan's formulary -- the list of medications it will pay for. Formulaires vary from one plan to another. Don't require a prescription Dispense drugs based solely on a questionnaire Don't have a phone number or street address Don't allow you to consult with a pharmacist Offer non-FDA-approved drugs  You should check out new options available to you through your state's health insurance marketplace. You can find information about your state here: .  Medicare's open enrollment period begins October 15th and runs through December 7th. During that time you can change your Medicare Advantage and/or Part D prescription drug plan. You can find and compare Medicare Advantage and prescription-drug plans available in your area by inputting your zip code on the Plan Finder tool at Medicare.gov. For free, personalized assistance in selecting a plan, you can contact your State Health Insurance Assistance Programs. Find your local program by visiting the Medicare.gov Medicare Helpful Contacts page or by calling 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227).  Mental health services must be a covered benefit in all new health plans sold on the individual insurance market for plans that start January 1, 2014. That's a requirement of the Affordable Care Act.  I can't speak to the clinical aspect of your issue, but to get your condition checked out without insurance you can try a few things.  Most insurance carriers do cover it. If your does not you can look into whether you qualify for co-pay assistance: https://www.creon.com/CFPatients/ActivateCopayCard.  You can start on WebMD's for a primer on plans in your state. But you'll need to go to Healthcare.gov to view all of the plans and various options available to you in North Carolina. If you find something that works for you, you can begin the process of signing up for a health insurance policy online or call the customer service number you see on the site to get help walking through the process.  It sounds like this is a medical, rather than a dental issue even though the pain may be in your mouth. If that's the case, Medicare should cover the cost of treatment. I would contact Blue Cross and Blue Shield directly to discuss your situation and to see what steps you need to take to get the care you need covered through your Medicare benefits.  You won't qualify for Medicare early due to your illness, but the Affordable Care Act does guarantee you access to private health insurance. And, depending on your income you may get financial assistance to pay for your premium or to lower your out of pocket costs or both.  For starters, under the new health reform law, people with low incomes who have not qualified for Medicaid in the past may now qualify. A little more than half of states will be expanding their Medicaid programs to include individuals with incomes up to roughly $16,000 per year.  Under the law beginning January 1, 2014 it is no loner legal for insurers to take your health into consideration. That means you cannot be denied coverage for a pre-existing health condition or prior treatments. You also cannot be charged more for a health plan based on the state of your health.  When reporting your income to apply for insurance you'll be asked to project what you expect to earn in 2014. If you know your alimony is ending soon, simply factor that into your calculation.    Whether or not an insurer pay for a procedure depends on whether it's considered medically necessary. If the procedure is needed to repair or preserve the healthy functioning of the body, it's likely to be medically necessary. Although breast implants in most cases are not covered by insurance, it's possible that a ruptured implant could present a medical issue that insurance would cover. Contact your insurance company to find out what your policy is likely to cover. And, I would quickly consult with your physician to learn what needs to be done and see if you can get his or her help in justifying the need for insurance coverage to fix it.  Under the health reform law a small business health insurance exchange has been set up where you can shop for insurance if you wish to provide coverage for your employees. In Texas, you would access that through Healthcare.gov. Small firms in which workers have lower incomes can qualify for tax subsidies to help cover the cost.  If you have Medicare coverage you are not required to take any additional steps to obtain insurance coverage. Medicare is considered qualified insurance coverage under the law.  If the insurance you're offered by your husband's work is considered affordable, you can shop for a plan through Marketplaces set up under Obamacare, but you won't qualify for a tax credit to help lower the cost of your coverage.  You'll need to check directly with your insurance company to learn how it has chosen to proceed.  Your daughter does not need to buy new insurance. She can either stay on your plan and make no change, or choose instead to be covered by her employer's plan.  You may be able to continue getting assistance with your medications. The law won't stop prescription drug programs.  You can seek care at a community-based health clinic. They offer medical services on a sliding scale. You can find a clinic by searching the U.S. Health Resources and Services Administration website: www.findahealthcenter.hrsa.gov/Search_HCC.aspx.  It is possible that insurers will cover medications for off-label use. Medicare, for example, has expanded its coverage of off-label drug use of cancer drugs. Generally, you would need to provide a compelling medical reason for the need, backed by some scientific evidence of the drug's effectiveness and a lack of other treatment options. Always check with your insurer about its rules for gaining approval for medications. And in such cases, you would definitely need the participation of your doctor, who will need to write a letter explaining your condition and why the medication in question is required. As far as finding information about medications being used for ailments other than those for which they've obtained FDA approval, you might try ClinicalTrials.gov, a clearinghouse of clinical trials maintained by the National Institutes of Health. You can also search medical journal articles that support the treatments use by searching PubMed, a service of the U.S. National Library of Medicine, at www.pubmed.gov.  There are a few ways you can look into getting your dental needs taken care of at a lower cost.  Under federal law known as HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) you have the right to access records documenting your health conditions, diagnoses and treatments. Put your request in writing and send it to the doctor's office. There are state laws that dictate the timelines within which they must send you your records (be aware that you may have to pay for the cost of copying the records).  You might try seeking help at a community-based health clinic. The services available vary, but generally they include primary health care, dental, mental health and pharmacy services. There are about 1,200 health centers operating around the country, and fees are on a sliding scale based on income. You can find a clinic by searching the U.S. Health Resources and Services Administration website.  People with work-based insurance that's considered affordable under the law won't qualify for subsidies if they, instead of taking their employer's coverage, buy a policy through the exchange, but that doesn't apply to Medicaid.  It was only last summer that the law changed so that Medicare can recognize eligibility for same-sex spouses. It's entirely possible that it's going to take some time for the understanding of this change to make its way through the ranks.  It's not that the hospital is forbidden to accept children because of the Affordable Care Act. The issue is that none of the insurance companies in your area have contracted with the hospital to provide care to members with your health plan.  Life insurance is a very different type of product than health insurance, and it's not my area of expertise.  The only real way to know is to ask. However, if your employer tells you it is eliminating insurance because of the law, I would be wary of the answer. In fact, the law requires all employers with 50 or more workers to either offer health insurance coverage or to pay a penalty for failing to do so. They'll also pay a penalty if at least one full-time employee receives a subsidy to help buy insurance through one of the new marketplaces. Today, 98% of employers with more than 200 workers already offer health insurance, as do 94% of businesses with 50 to 199 employees. And, theyve providing insurance long before the ACA became law for a host of good reasons the law doesn't change. For one, providing insurance is a tax-free form of compensation. And, a good benefits package helps employers compete for employees. We have heard of some small employers holding off on hiring for fear of crossing the 50-employee threshold  it could certainly raise an employer's costs if they currently employ fewer than 50 workers and dont offer insurance. And, some industries with part-time or contract workers are also reducing hours to avoid raising insurance costs because the law requires large employers to insure workers who put in on average 30 hours per week. But for small companies, the law in many cases increases health plan choices and for very small companies provides tax credits that can lower insurance costs. I would need to know more about your particular employer's situation, but on the face of it, it doesn't seem eliminating insurance if it's already being offered makes sense because of the health reform law.  Even before the ACA most insurance companies allowed for one physical exam annually at no additional cost. While a physical for men isn't specified under the ACA, most of the screenings that take place during an exam are. You can see the list of preventive services required to be provided to you with no additional costs at the time of the visit at Healthcare.gov (Here's the exact link: https://www.healthcare.gov/what-are-my-preventive-care-benefits/#part=1)  You have a few options you can explore.  The Affordable Care Act will not have an impact on long-term care insurance products. That means a pre-existing medical condition can still impact your ability to purchase a long-term care plan.  I'm sorry to hear about your situation.  The employer shared responsibility provision in the law has not yet taken effect -- it's been delayed. For that reason, your employer likely has the right to offer you a different level of benefit than those working 40-hour work weeks.  Income changes can move you from a Medicaid plan back to an exchange health plan mid-year. Some states are making special provisions for this back and forth to minimize service disruptions. But your costs will definitely go up if your income increases. I suggest you work with a navigator in your state to carefully select your plan. You'll get a better idea what's available in your state and can get help picking a Medicaid plan so that if your income increases you don't have to switch doctors.  Everyone will qualify for coverage. Perhaps you're referring to subsidies that can lower the cost of coverage? That's based on income. It's not clear from your question exactly what your situation is.  It may very well be that you won't find a health plan you can afford, especially if you don't qualify for a subsidy. However, I would highly recommend you speak with a licensed insurance agent in your area for help before the deadline.  Starting October 1 you can head to your state's health insurance marketplace where you'll be able to compare health plans side-by-side and also learn if you qualify for a tax credit that will lower the cost of your premium. If you buy a health plan this fall, it will take effect January 1, 2014.  Whether or not health plans sold through the state health insurance marketplaces cover bariatric surgery will depend on the state -- some will, and some won't. You can see what's happening where you live on the WebMD Health Reform . There, you may find specific information about what health plans will be required to cover.  Cosmetic procedures can be deemed medically necessary, though in most cases they're not. Sometimes surgery to remove excess skin after a large weight loss is a covered benefit. It's hard to imagine, however, that liposuction would meet criteria. In order for it to be covered, your doctor would need to provide a medical justification for the procedure and then you'd need with your insurer to see if it meets with requirements.  Your wife should apply for coverage through your state's Marketplace for herself. Although it's fine for just one of you to buy an insurance plan (you don't need to select a family plan because you have Medicare), it's your total household income -- yours and hers -- that will count when determining if she qualifies for Medicaid or a subsidy to help pay for a private plan.  Here are some resources to explore:  Community mental health agencies provide mental health and substance abuse services, often on a sliding scale. To find an agency near you, contact your state or county Department of Health. [2]  Mental Health America can connect you with hotlines, support groups and self-help resources, as well as affiliate mental health agencies around the country. [3]  The U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) offers a mental health locatorand a substance abuse facility locator to connect you with services in your area. [4]  Teaching hospitals are training grounds for graduate students studying to become mental health professionals. You may be able to receive lower cost care by seeing a student, who will be supervised by licensed professionals. [2]  Check with the Foundation for Health Coverage and Education and take the simple 5 question quiz to learn what options you may have right now.  Without insurance you can consider using an urgent care center in your neighborhood to have your condition checked out. You'll generally pay a flat rate for the care you receive. It doesn't replace a relationship with a doctor, which you may need if you have a health condition that requires on-going care, but at least you can get some idea as to what's going on.  Without insurance you can consider using an urgent care center in your neighborhood to have your condition checked out. You'll generally pay a flat rate for the care you receive. It doesn't replace a relationship with a doctor, which you may need if you have a health condition that requires on-going care, but at least you can get some idea as to what's going on.  Unfortunately, there is no standard charge. However, there are some price transparency tools that can help give you an idea. If you get insurance at work, check to see if your employer offers one. Your insurer may also have a pricing tool. And then there are sites such as FairHealthConsumer.org, HealthBlueBook.com and NewChoiceHealth.com.  Yes, you and your son together are considered a family. And, at your income level you would qualify for Medicaid. However, if you live in a state not expanding it's program, you as an adult will not be eligible. But your son will undoubtedly qualify for Medicaid or the Children's Health Insurance Program.  Unfortunately, retiree health insurance plans are exempt from a number of Affordable Care Act provisions, including limits on annual and lifetime payouts.  You're only guaranteed a Medigap plan within the first six months of becoming eligible for Medicare. After that, insurers can take the state of your health into consideration when deciding whether or not to sell you a plan and for how much. That's why experts often suggest people think carefully before switching from traditional Medicare to Medicare Advantage. It's the one part of Medicare that doesn't guarantee coverage beyond the initial eligibility period.  It sounds as though you might qualify for Medi-Cal, California's Medicaid program. If you're not already enrolled, I would recommend you contact the California Department of Health Care Services. You can talk with someone who can help you with the application, and assist you in sorting through your various options.  I'm so sorry to hear about your father, and for your loss.  You need to first check to see if the medication is on your formulary, or list of drugs your insurer does cover. Even if it is, however, insurers can require you to try a less expensive drug first to see if it works. If it doesn't -- and that sounds like that's the case here -- your doctor should then contact your insurer to provide information as to why you need the medication he initially prescribed and how efforts to treat you with over the counter medications have failed.  The law requires insurers to cover the cost of services that many people with chronic illnesses need, including outpatient and inpatient care, prescription drugs and laboratory services.  The U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) offers a mental health locator and a substance abuse facility locator to connect you with services in your area.  It is your household income that determines whether or not you're eligible for subsidized health insurance. Your husband's Medicare coverage has no bearing on premiums for health insurance purchased through the marketplaces. If you file taxes jointly you must include the amount the two of you earn together.  No, VA insurance is not affected by the ACA. If you have VA coverage you need not take any action as a result of the law.  You have up to 90 days to go without coverage before you'll be charged a penalty under the law. This doesn't take effect, however, until January 1, 2014.  No, dental plans are not included in the provision that allows adult children to stay on their parents' health plan.  It's unlikely your insurance plan will cover the cost of the same prescription in two places within the same general time frame. If you have some other type of pharmacy discount card, however, you may use that to pay for one of the prescriptions as long as it isn't at all connected with your insurance plan. But it's always best to check with your insurance policy to confirm the specific rules of your plan.  If you buy an insurance plan on the private market today you'll spend extra for maternity coverage, as you found out. Most plans on the private market do not include maternity so gaining that coverage requires that you buy a rider to the plan.  NeedyMeds.org has information on thousands of free, low-cost or sliding scale clinics, drug discount coupons, and nearly 1,000 application assistance programs, which help consumers navigate the confusing application process. RXAssist.org offers a database of pharmaceutical company programs that help patients pay for medication.  At 65 you are eligible for Medicare. If you're collecting Social Security benefits you would have automatically been signed up for Part A, which pays for hospital stays. But you have to sign yourself up for Part B, which pays for outpatient care, and if you need drug coverage, Part D.  Your doctors are not correct. The government has absolutely no role in selecting which practices participate in the health plans being sold through the marketplaces.  Yes, short-term plans are not considered qualified health plans under the law. If you carry one of these plans and don't buy a major medical policy you will be fined a tax penalty for not having health insurance in 2014.    All plans must now cover maternity care for members signed onto their policies.  You need to check directly with your health plan to learn which providers it works with and where in your area to go for a breast pump that your plan covers.  Prices vary greatly. But you can get an idea of a "fair" price for the particular surgery you need in your zip code by looking it up at Fair Health. Here's the cost lookup tool: http://fairhealthconsumer.org/.  Yes, you can buy your son a health plan through the South Carolina health insurance marketplace. Since he's a dependent you'll report your income (actually, your total household income, so if you file jointly with a spouse his/her income would also count). If your income qualifies you for a subsidy, you can buy a health plan at a reduced cost.  It's very important that you check to see if you qualify for financial assistance to help pay for insurance. Based on your description it sounds like you might. Go to Healthcare.gov to learn more.  Unfortunately, undocumented residents do not qualify for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act. That puts you in a difficult position if you need medical care.  If your father claims you as a dependent on his taxes then his earnings must be reported as part of your total household income when filing for health insurance through the Marketplace. Whether or not you qualify for a subsidy will depend upon your total household income.  I can't respond to your employer's responsibility for covering costs you incur for care as a result of becoming sick on the job.  When it comes to an insurer's decision to pay for any procedure the main issue is always whether it's considered medically necessary. While breast augmentation for the sake of vanity is not a covered service, generally, if a procedure is necessary to repair or preserve the healthy functioning of the body, it's likely to be medically necessary.  The law doesn't change the rules about people under the age of 65 covered by Medicare being able to buy Medigap plans. Plans aren't required by federal law to sell these plans to people under the age of 65, though some states allow it. It sounds like you've already checked and live in a state that does not require it, but you can inquire further at Medicare.gov.  In order for an insurer to cover the cost of a treatment or medication, there needs to be a medical need for it. If you can't demonstrate the medical necessity for the B12 shots, most companies won't pay for them.  Medicare counts as qualifying insurance coverage, and once you're eligible you won't need any additional insurance.  You should qualify for a subsidy, which will dramatically lower the cost of health insurance, as well as cost-sharing subsidies which make it less expensive to go for medical care.  Many people have expressed frustration, as you have, about the cost of health insurance -- in particular the out-of-pocket costs that come with many health plans.  In five states (California, New York, New Jersey, Rhode Island, and Hawaii) and Puerto Rico, state disability insurance programs allow you to draw on benefits for up to a year to help offset income loss (check with your state's department of labor). Two federal programs -- the Social Security Disability Insurance and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) -- are also available to help replace lost income. Go to to find out more information.  You're now guaranteed a health plan which will help you pay for the care you need to address your bipolar disorder and ptsd, and if your income is low you'll likely be able to find a plan at a reasonable cost.  The information won't be reported to your employer. The idea is to determine if you have affordable health insurance through an employer, which impacts whether or not you're eligible for financial assistance.  I can't speak to your clinical issues, but you will have the chance to obtain health insurance again for next year starting November 15th. Your situation is exactly the reason why even if we're otherwise healthy, having insurance is important -- it's often required for access to the care you need, and it can prevent financial ruin.  Not everyone will find their costs going down under the law. However, if that kind of cost jump happened with an existing plan, I suggest you shop your state's marketplace to see what other options you have. It may be something less expensive is available to you.  I can't speak to your clinical issues, but you will have the chance to obtain health insurance again for next year starting November 15th. Your situation is exactly the reason why even if we're otherwise healthy, having insurance is important -- it's often required for access to the care you need, and it can prevent financial ruin.  No. People with Medicare coverage are not eligible for health plan through the marketplaces.  If your insurance covers physician visits, a psychiatrist is a doctor that specializes in mental illness. Your primary care physician may also help with treatment or refer you to another physician who can.  The answer is no strep is caused bacteria called streptococcus and without medication it can lead to more serious problems such as rheumatic fever and heart problems. Although some people are strep carriers and show no signs or symptoms. People who are experiencing signs of symptoms should be treated accordingly by a physician. Signs could include fever,headache body chills and or a sore throat. Most often it is easier to tell when a sore throat is from the influenza or do to a cold. Strep most often isn't accompanied by coughing or a runny nose.  Adderall XR is an extended release formulation, which is usually given once daily, and is available as a generic. Generics are less expensive than brand name products. To save money, you might want to talk to your doctor about generic Adderall, which is not extended release and needs to be taken 2-3 times daily. Talk to your prescriber to see if a trial of the generic of Adderall is right for you. Concerning the Nexium, you should talk to your doctor about substituting it with over-the-counter omeprazole. It works the same way as Nexium and can save you some money. Your pharmacist is a great resource for information on how you can save money on medications.  Yes. Ortho-Cyclen does have generic equivalents, which contain the exact same active ingredients. You should ask your health-care professional about Mononessa, Previfem, or Sprintec. These are the generic versions of Ortho-Cyclen. They will work the same way and save you money. You should talk to your pharmacist about how he/she can help you save money and get the most out of your prescription therapy with cost-saving generic medications.  First off, congratulations on your weight loss! I think you have a couple of choices right now. You can focus on maintaining your weight with healthy habits, instead of losing, as you deal with your back issues and surgery. In order to lose weight, you will need to lower the calories you take in to make up for the lack of activity. It's best to do this with professional help such as a registered dietitian or through a medically supervised program. I don't know how much weight you have to lose, the calories you've been taking in, or the state of your health which are all factors to take under consideration. I think the first choice makes the most sense because lowering your calories without exercise can slow down your metabolism. You can also see a physical therapist to get ideas for exercises you can do. I encourage you not to go back to old eating habits and use this as an opportunity to live a healthy lifestyle without focusing on weight. You may be tempted to eat because of your situation but if you can maintain your weight and learn how to deal with stress in a healthy way, that is true success. And just because you are not losing weight now, doesn't mean you won't be able to in the future. Good luck!  The main way we first determine how far along a woman is in her pregnancy is by her period. Further along in the pregnancy we can use other indicators, including ultrasound. At this point there really is no way for you to know, so you should go ahead and make an appointment with your doctor to touch base. They may want to do an ultrasound to get an idea of how far along you are.  I am not sure what your question is but your blood pressure and heart rate are normal. Unless you are having symptoms of low blood pressure, such as dizziness, especially when standing, a blood pressure of 104/40 is not necessarily an issue. It's more common for young women like yourself to have blood pressure that is on the low side but still normal. Here's some more information about low blood pressure .  The pain on ur right side could b a number of things. Such as gallbladder, appendix, ovarian cysts, kidney infection or uti. Tylenol isn't gd for u to b taking all the time it can cause liver damage.  Just wanted to give you a bit of hope and ease your mind. I was age 7 when what the E.R. thought was a ruptured appendix actually turned out to be an 8 inch malignant tumor gain green twisted inside my right ovary about to burst. My ovary, tube, tumor, and appendix were removed that day. The dr.'s even told my mother i'd most likely not be able to have kids.... well I am now a 40yr old mother of 4. My first pregnancy was age 20. (Surprise...!) So my twisted ovary was removed and 16 yrs later my other ovary stayed u twisted and normal... I think yours will too... yours was only twisted...Can I ask did the twisting of your ovary cause much pain? Mine did! Asking because i was so young im not sure if it was the tumor or the twisting of my ovary causing my pain.  Hi, I would either get off to an ER or your doctor, ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Before you whole question come up, about them getting together was my thoughts, do you think one of them is getting the results mixed up somewhere. It may help if you ask for copy's of the results, take them to a blood lab ask them to translate them for you, and ask them if they can see any differences with both of them as to why they would come each giving the opposite answers, but it would be best to tell them why. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Having sex without any kind of protection is just playing with dynamite, the easiest way to get pregnant is riding bareback, you can still find sperm in precum. Go do a pregnancy test, its the only way for you to go. Next time you do that think plan B, better still if your not pregnant go and get some condoms, or find a safe BC pill to get on. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Most women with menorrhagia dont know that heavy bleeding is not normal  it is a recognized medical condition for which they can seek treatment. Many women think that bleeding heavily for 4 to 5 days or changing their pad every hour is something they have to live with. Sorry not American, but you do need help, there must be some kind of free clinic, or even the ER, they should not turn you away, even if its just for advice. But there must be something somewhere you can find medical help. Hope this helps. Good Luck PS Have a look at this link, http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/ive-had-my-period-three-straight-months just copy into google to read it.  Hi, Most women with menorrhagia dont know that heavy bleeding is not normal  it is a recognized medical condition for which they can seek treatment. Many women think that bleeding heavily for 4 to 5 days or changing their pad every hour is something they have to live with. Sorry not American, but you do need help, there must be some kind of free clinic, or even the ER, they should not turn you away, even if its just for advice. But there must be something somewhere you can find medical help. Hope this helps. Good Luck PS Have a look at this link, http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/ive-had-my-period-three-straight-months just copy into google to read it.  Hi Well you could now be in the menopause and ti find this out you do need a blood test for your hormones, its only from this will you find out, or read up about the menopause symptoms. Or the only other thing would be get a pregnancy test done either an HPT or again at a doctor, or try a free clinic for both tests. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I found this bit on the side effects of you IUD, Side effects associated with ParaGard include: Anemia Backache Bleeding between periods Cramps Inflammation of the vagina (vaginitis) Pain during sex Severe menstrual pain and heavy bleeding Vaginal discharge So as you can see there can be bleeding between periods. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If the wound now looks as though its healed up nicely, he should be able to take his own stitch's out, he just needs a scalpel blade a pair of tweezers, he just cuts each stitch ones at a time and slowly pulls them out, then wash with warm sea salt water, could do it a couple of times a day, for a couple of days, this will help clean and heal, the stitch marks. Good Luck  Hi You could try having sea salt baths twice a day, let the water get inside you, it wont hurt you, for more info just google sea salt and the vagina. I your b/f has insurance tell him to go and get tested, just to be on the safe side. Next time you have sex, make sure your both clean, and try using extra lubrication when having sex. If after next time you have sex and get swollen, put some ice cubes in water, once they have been in there for a minute, try inserting then inside your vagina, but not for to long, this should help reduce the swelling, and attract more blood into the area, this will add healing. Good Luck  Hi, OK the best drug is you, and only you, I'm not going to preach to you, that's not my way. For one you need to think logically, for one you have got this far by asking for help, your first place to go would be AA, go and tell them, that you want to quit. But as your sitting at your computer reading this, why not google how to quit drinking, one thing your find is this, http://www.wikihow.com/Quit-Drinking-Alcohol, it looks quit a logic way to go. Please stay strong. you have got this far. Good Luck  Hi You mean your perineum, well if I was you I would get hold of some sea salt, put a couple of handfuls in a nice warm bath, this will help to heal and clean you split/tear, just sit in the bath and let it do its work, twice a day would be best, this way it should heal better, remember its not what you put in your body, think positive. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, At 12 years your on the outer limits of its life, time for a change, if not it needs removing now, end of the day its your health you need to think about. Being English were not used to having to pay for things like this, its all free in the UK, Not sure how you ERs work, but if there free try that way. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi you will find that your, periods may change significantly while using a contraceptive implant. Around 20% of women using the implant will have no bleeding, and almost 50% will have infrequent or prolonged bleeding. Bleeding patterns are likely to remain irregular, although they may settle down after the first year. And breast tenderness is also a side effect. So this saves you a visit to anybody, are but did you think of the free mothers clinic? But all your answers come from the UKs NHS. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi when you last had a check up, did he/her do an internal?, in some research, for one thing your not alone, two things come up one is a weak pelvic floor and the second is some kind of prolapse, on offence but its an aging thing, as we get older things start to give, in both women and men. So you cold try putting yourself on doing some kegels, just google kegels, but also find out how to do them in reverse as well, so google reverse kegels as well. Do hope these help you problem. Good Luck   Hi heres some good links these should help you better than me sitting here telling all. http://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-living/getting-pregnant/in-depth/symptoms-of-pregnancy/art-20043853?pg=1 http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/pregnancy-am-i-pregnant This last one is from the Uks NHS, then even has a vid from a midwife. http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/pregnancy-and-baby/pages/signs-and-symptoms-pregnancy.aspx#close The ones not in blue just copy into google to the www. To open and read. Do hope these help you. Good Luck  Hi If you look up in your area you should be able to find a free walk in clinic, or an ER that's free, you should find help there. But from what your saying you do need to see somebody. Good Luck  Hi Just doing some reading on www.dodsonandross.com have a good read of this link, your see why its all the exercise you need in one place. http://dodsonandross.com/sexfeature/how-use-bettys-vaginal-barbell Just copy into to the end of Dodson to open and read. Do hope its of some help. Good Luck  A lack of insurance and an inability to pay more than a minimal amount should never prevent you from getting the help you need and deserve. Licensed professionals, including psychologists, have an ethical responsibility to take a number of "pro-bono" cases. This means for little or no fee. Of course, there is a limit to the number of these cases that anyone can take, but it's worth asking. You can call your local psychologists association, explain your situation and ask for the names of psychologists in your area who would be willing to help you. You can also check social service agencies as well as any major hospital center because these entities generally have access to mental-health providers who require minimal fees.  Check the amount of caffeine you are taking in. Coffee, tea, ice tea, soda in large amounts can cause this. I experienced the same thing during the summer when my intake of iced tea increased. When I switched to caffeine free tea, the palpitations went away.  need help for vestibular disorder  Hospitals are contracted with insurance companys. Hospitals can charge whatever they want. BUT, insurances tell the hospital "per contract" what the hospital is allowed to charge. Then the hospital does the contractual "adjustment" and writes off the difference. I.E.: Bx costs $20,000. Insurance says no, contracted rate is $4,000. Hospital writes off $16,000 and bills insurance the $4000. Every insurance has a contracted rate for the procedure. Again, the insurance tells the hospital what it's allowed to charge. One insurance says hospital can bill $4000, another says contracted rate is $5000, another says contracted rate is $3000. So it all really depends on what insurance policy you have and what your insurance states the hospital can charge.  it must be because of gastric in your body due to stress or not getting proper sleep. be sure that you have the medical insurance also  Talk to someone who is in charge at the insurance company. If you don't have the money, they are not going to get anything unless they sued you. You are willing to work out a payment plan, and I think they would be fools not to accept your offer. Don't take the first "No" for an answer. I suggest that you find the name of the head-honcho...the supervisor...and direct a letter to them with your proposal. This is an expensive lesson on the importance of not missing payments.  I am not sure what kind of scans your chiropractor wants you to get, but there is really nothing in any "malpractice law" that requires imaging studies. You can ask him to see a copy of this law in writing, but I don't think there is one. I don't really no your case, but scans may offer a clinician valuable information....at a cost, of course. Some MRIs can cost a thousand dollars or more, so you do have to be financially responsible. Consider getting a second opinion from an orthopedic specialist -- one that is covered by your insurance -- to see if a scan is necessary.  Insurance or not, making an accurate diagnosis is required BEFORE a treatment plan is determined. I know this injury is untimely, but these things happen. If your car broke down, your car insurance wouldn't fix it...you would have to come up with the money to do it. The same deal goes with your husband. Borrow money...charge the visit to a credit card....have the facility bill you and pay later....either way, the evaluation needs to be done FIRST. There is absolutely no way for me or any medical professional to be able to tell you the reason for his "side pain", since we don't even know which side or the location on that side. Without knowing his medical history, I couldn't even recommend ibuprofen. Get him the care he needs....worry about paying for it later. An urgent care facility is a fraction of the cost of an ER, so this is what I suggest. Most even have their own x-rays.  A "cheap, quick test" for what? Unfortunately, when you have the array of medical problems that you have listed, there are no cheap, quick tests for anything....whether you have insurance or not. You need to be under medical care so that you can have your headache evaluated, your blood pressure monitored, your congestive heart failure managed, and vision disorder checked. These are not things you can do over the counter, so it would be in your best interest to find some affordable care.  That is a question that only your dentist can answer. Waiting a year being toothless is not something that anyone would want to do. I really have no idea if you can wait a year.....some medical and dental problems precede our insurance. You couldn't wait a year with appendicitis, so you may not be able to wait a year before you have the proper insurance.  Ask the podiatrist. No one can really address this question than the medical professional that made this decision. I agree that a full leg air cast is a bit excessive, so he will need to offer you a reasonable explanation.  A physical exam required for an ID?? I find that odd, but you will need to call around an ask. Costs very widely, so start with Urgent Care facilities. You may even find a low-income clinic in your area. An exam can range from $50 to hundreds, depending on your geographic area, and the extent of the physical that is required. There are NO SET FEES.  Medicare is ALWAYS your primary. I don't believe you have a choice.  Insurance or not, there is very little that can be accomplished over the Internet in the way of diagnosis or treatment. Unless a medical provider can examine your daughter first-hand, it would not be possible to confirm or dispute her original diagnosis, let alone effectively treat her. The diagnosis of gout would require a blood test, as well as evaluating her challenged immune system. As you know, this cannot be done on-line. The most expensive care in the U.S. is at an emergency room. What she may have is not considered an emergency so, she would be better off finding a free clinic or one that charges on a sliding scale. Or, you can spend some time so she can get insurance, like Obamacare (ACA). I would not recommend her using flea and tick spray for dogs.  I have no way of confirming or disputing this chiropractor's diagnosis, but I do have issues with the treatment plan. Degeneration by definition is "wear and tear, often due to aging". I don't believe it is possible to reverse aging by chiropractic adjustments, but then again, I am not a chiropractor who believes in those things. Before mortgaging your house, see an orthopedist for a medical opinion and have some imaging studies read by a radiologist. I think you will find a different perspective on your neck and low back issues  It can be very difficult for a person who is addicted to opiates to stop....this is why it is called an addiction. Personally, I feel that it would be best for you to enter a drug detoxification program. Most insurance companies DO pay for this, but you have to get a referral from your primary care provider. Many areas also have drug programs that are free, so do your homework and get the help that you are requesting and desperately need.  No...as a matter of fact, antibiotics (like Amoxicillin) can CAUSE a vaginal yeast infection. Because of the odor (uncommon in yeast/candidiasis), I suspect you have a bacterial infection, but that is just a guess. If you do, amoxicillin is not the antibiotic that would be used. Insurance or not, you need proper medical care.  Insurance or not, your husband cannot be accurately diagnosed (or treated) blindly over the Internet. A picture is not going to do it. He will need to pay for a medical visit. I would suggest that he goes to a less-expensive, urgent care facility, or find a free-clinic.  Sore throats can be caused by MANY things....viral infections, bacterial infections (like Strep), mono, post nasal drainage from sinusitis, breathing through your mouth when your nose is clogged, cigarettes, allergy....LOTS of things. Can it last two weeks? You bet. It is possible for me or any medical provider to be able to determine a specific cause or a treatment over the Internet? No.... Insurance or financial constraint or not, the ONLY way you can be properly diagnosed and treated is to SEE a medical provider. I know medical care is pricey, but so is gasoline, car repairs, plumbers, and just about anything else. Sometimes, you just have to allocate some of your limited resources to YOURSELF.  Ask several local pharmacists for recommendations for the "best internist" -- one that they would see. I bet you will get the same name over and over again......  When it comes to inexpensive pharmaceuticals, you may need to call around to various pharmacies and even Planned Parenthood and ask prices. I don't think you will find that much variation in price. Since this is over the counter, insurance may not cover it anyway, even if you had it. Remember that this is the "morning after" pill, so you don't have that much time to comparison shop. I can assure you that if you are hoping to prevent a pregnancy as a result of unprotected sex, the consequences of not doing this promptly is going to be a lot more expensive, if you know what I mean. This method may be pricey if you are on a tight budget, but it is too late to use condoms now. They would have been less expensive, so lesson learned.  Don't wait. You need to go to the ER again. Black, tarry, smelly stools usually indicate a gastrointestinal bleed (stomach, esophagus, etc.) that can be life-threatening. GO NOW!  I don't know what tests will be required, but many insurance companies do require urine and blood tests. Some will require a drug screen, not just for illegal drugs but for other medications. There are no "routine" tests -- Every insurance company is different, so you do have the right to know what they will require.  Those birth control pills are most likely identical. The pharmacy may have acquired them from a different generic company and that is all they carry now. The pharmacist should explain that to you.... You can contact your medical provider, but I suspect that the pills are the same. Different generic names, but the same identical ingredients.  This is called , a common complication of your circumcision. The ONLY way to fix this is to have it surgically corrected; not something you can do at home. Steroid creams often help with simple adhesions, but not bridging. So, as soon as you get insurance, go see a urologist and have it fixed permanently. In most cases, it is a simple office procedure under local anesthesia.  Push the insurance company. Do NOT take "no" as the first answer, and ask to talk to the medical director, or better yet, have your physician request an exemption to the rule. A friend of mine wanted a colonoscopy early because her grandmother had colon cancer. They refused at first, only offering a sigmoidoscopy (a cheaper and less- thorough exam). They finally okayed the colonoscopy and a pre-cancerous lesion was found in a place where the sigmoidoscopy would not have discovered. Had she waited several more years, like the insurance company wanted, she would have definitely had colon cancer by that time. Fight 'em!  I can't answer that question, since I would need to know what "it" actually was. I cannot make a blind guess and determine if "it" will go away. I am very sorry. There are MANY things that cause intrascotal masses. A brief description of the size and location does not really substitute for a thorough examination. I realize that money may be tight and that you do not have insurance, but there are really no alternatives. You will need to make a decision based on how concerned you are about this new finding. Give your husband the same consideration as your automobile. If your car was causing problems or making a strange noise, you would get it checked out before it became worse.  That depends on many things.....the reason your need in vitro, the benefits of your particular insurance, the results of your fertility studies, your age, etc. Talk to your gynecologist first, followed by your insurance company.....  You don't have insurance, and I can't see them over the Internet, so we have a dilemma. The only way that you can get an accurate diagnosis is for him to see a medical provider or dermatologist, but your guess is very good. These, may indeed, be molluscum contagiosum -- very common childhood skin eruption. If you didn't see the "dent" in the middle (called an umbilication), look closer with a magnifying glass. It may be there.  I don't know the details of your case....why you have been on narcotics for a long time.....but perhaps it is time for you to see a new pain specialist.  Yes, you can get pregnant. That is why the Implanon has an expiration date...the point where the hormone has depleted. This may be why your period is not normal. Use a secondary form of birth control (like a condom) or you will be just taking chances.....  I recently had emergency medical care in Austria. It was my responsibility to pay the bill. I do have U.S. insurance, but have yet to receive reimbursement. In your Aunt's case with emergency surgery, she may be considered among the multitude of uninsured. I am pleased that we live in a country where someone...a visitor...without insurance or the means to pay, can get professional care that may be life-saving. I don't believe that her sponsors are financially responsible, but I am not an attorney. I would suggest that she speak with the billing department of the hospital for some advice and assistance in this matter. Since she is not a U.S. citizen and a taxpayer, I can't imagine that she would be qualified for Medicare after the fact, but hospitals often have creative financial solutions. The good news is that your Aunt received care.  A serum ferritin level is a blood test. It is not very expensive. There are no other ways to determine this level.  Yes, a healthy immune system (assuming you have one) will handle Strep throat. The reason why we try and detect and treat Strep is to prevent the possible COMPLICATIONS of Strep, namely heart or kidney disease. I suspect that most people have had Strep in their lifetime, only to have it resolve spontaneously, but that does not mean you should not seek medical care if you have any of the signs of Strep (bright red, dotted throat; fever, etc.). If you do have Strep and you are one of those rare people that develop a complication, money will be the least of your problems. While medical care is expensive, just like getting your car repaired, you still have to open that wallet sometimes and take care of yourself if you don't have insurance.  No, there is nothing over the counter that will really help genital herpes. Sorry.  Unfortunately, you may need to wait until June. It would not be possible to determine the reason why you have never had a menstrual cycle over the Internet. The causes are many, and we do not know anything about, your medical history, or have any way of examining you. And, yes, PCOS can be one of the causes to consider. A work-up may be expensive, so waiting until June would be prudent.  As much as I would like to address your concerns, I really do not know anything about you....your age, medical history, or even if you are a female (men have breasts, too). More importantly, it would take a thorough examination to determine if this lump is worrisome or not. Although I am sympathetic to your lack of insurance, an examination is really the only way to make this important call. I can tell you that lumps that come and go are more likely to be cysts, especially if the lumps are influenced by your menstrual cycle (again, assuming you are female). Breast cancers do not come and go....sadly, they tend to stay and get bigger over time.  Urologist.  There are no good ballpark figures, so my suggestion for you is to call several podiatrists in your area and get the price. Many will offer cash discounts to patients without insurance. It would be unusual to get out of any doctor's appointment anymore for $100 to $150, but of course, procedures may cost a bit more.  This may be a ganglion cyst . No, a free clinic will not treat it, and neither will the emergency room. You will need to see a hand surgeon once you have insurance or the financial resources to pay for a visit and the procedure (expensive). This is a cyst on a nerve, so only an expert should be attempting to remove it. Simply aspirating it with a needle (some medical providers do this) is unlikely to orchestrate a permanent cure....it will come back. Slamming it with a book (my Aunt claimed the book had to be a Bible), is painful and unlikely to solve your problem. You can just leave it be for now and wait until you have insurance.  Yes, of course. You can always buy health insurance on the open marketplace. See an insurance broker and choose the plan that you want and can afford.  Beckkss08 what ended up happening? I had a period that lasted for 12 days that started on July 26th. Its now September 8th and I have not had another period.    There are several options. If you have a local dental school, a hospital-based program, or a free dental clinic in the area, they can help you. I would suggest calling the local dental society for advice on what to do. Remember that most private practice dentists offer some type of financing as well. Ask your local dentist what the best option is for you.  I have found that Neosporin makes anti itch cream, daily moisturizing cream and body wash for eczema. It is called Neosporin Eczema Essentials. I use the moisturizing cream on my hands and feet and it works great. I found it at Walgreens but it is a little pricey but I think it is well worth the money.  One option to consider is a chemical peel. Dermatologists that are familiar with chemical peels use a combination of salicylic acid, AHA, and TCA to remove the top layer of the skin and encourage new skin growth. Chemical peels can be very effective and are less costly than most laser treatments.  The cost for eye fillers differ from region to region across the U.S. Typical fees may range from $250 to $700 per syringe. Your final decision for skin rejuvenation should not be based solely on costs. You may want to contact the physician in your area and ask about their fees and payment options. Insurance does not typically cover cosmetic facial enhancement procedures. Other alternatives include simply getting enough rest, placing a cool compress on your eyes (with caffeine), and reducing the level of your stress.  I have the same problem. Itching in the same location on my back (below my right shoulder blade) for almost 2 years now. My dermatologist said it was a form of arthritis. When I told my family physician she had never heard of it. I am starting to think it could be hormonal.  I think many priests, pastors, rabbis have good counseling skills. Let's face it, they help us through many tough times. So if you cannot afford anyone else, not a bad place to start. They will tell you if your symptoms are way out of their league.  Because it is a cosmetic procedure, liposuction is not covered by most health insurance plans. Ask to talk with a representative at your insurance company who can explain the costs of the procedure and payment options.  Wait a day or two for discoloration of the foot, if it turns purple red yellow it's broken, may have a contusion on the foot (bone bruise)  What part of your ankle? If you do not have health insurance and can not get an MRI, a place I have been multiple times believe me, I would suggest pulling up multiple diagrams of interior ankle anatomy and really try to pinpoint what exactly is giving you hell. When I didn't have insurance I tore my meniscus in my right knee, and it was very similar to your situation in terms of pain and time. Never had it fixed either even after I got insurance as its a 50/50 thing. Bottom line IMO: If you have been good for 4 years, you just did something to tweak a weakness somewhere. Be easy, pinpoint it best you can, and research further when you think you have it pegged as to what you can holistically do. I try to remind myself of the fact that ancient Gladiators had no surgeons, ice, beds, etc haha. You'll figure it out  I've been taking Lamictal since I was about 8 years old, so 10 years, for the same reason. It really helps me, as long as I don't miss a dose. Try not to miss any doses, and it should work.  No matter no insurance! It' might be 65.00 at a walk in. Get the antibiotics!!! Some are free!!! My 2 sons have it! Once you get it can always come back! Please take care of it! Yes other people can get it from you. Have to keep the bathroom clean! Bleach is maybe a $1.00.  You can take a soda/pop/beer bottle, wash it out. Fill half way of water and bring close to a boil. Put it over the area and it will pull it out!  From an article on WebMD that I found: If the spinal cord or nerves become squeezed, 		 symptoms may include: Numbness, weakness, cramping, or pain in the 			 legs, feet, or buttocks. These symptoms get worse when you walk, stand 			 straight, or lean backward. The pain gets better when you sit down or lean 			 forward. Stiffness in the legs and thighs. Low back 			 pain. In severe cases, loss of bladder and bowel control. Symptoms may be severe at times and less severe at other 		 times. Most people will not be severely disabled. In fact, many people do not 		 have symptoms at all. From this it doesn't look like vertigo is typical, but I would speak to my doctor. Here is the article if you want to read more: http://www.webmd.com/back-pain/tc/lumbar-spinal-stenosis-topic-overview  It sounds infected to me. I would try to get to a doctor but in the meantime, I would put a topical antibiotic on it like bacitracin or something. I hope it feels better soon.  I know this doesn't help, but I think you should go to the doctor. It's my understanding that this is basically an infection. You might be able to save money by not having the tooth capped, but it's my understanding that you need to get the infection addressed.  Not sure if this is helpful or not, but I have a friend who has GERD and this is a symptom he has. I found this link that goes into more detail - but you might consider what you are eating while you are trying to figure out what this might be. http://www.webmd.com/heartburn-gerd/guide/understanding-gerd-symptoms  From what I've read, there is one that is sort of like a pimple - where you might treat it like a pimple with astrigent and some topical antibiotic and the other is more boil-ish... but it seems like you would definitely know if you had the boil kind.  If you have insurance, you need to have your doctor order a MRI. Insurance needs to approve these due to how expensive MRIs are. You may have a herniation, a slipped disc, or it could just be muscle spasm. If over the counter pain relievers do not help, you may need a pain-killer or a muscle relaxer. If you have no insurance, go to the ER and get help. There are emergency payment aids for people with no insurance. I hope this helped.  I just saw the second half of your post, sorry. Go to the ER. If you have no insurance there are emergency payment aids that would cost you nothing. You may not get an MRI done but it sounds to me like muscle spasms. Good news is that muscle relaxers are cheap. Bad news is they will make you sleepy and no way you should drink on them... if you're a drinker. If its not spasms, start asking around for good doctors who will work with your insurance situation. You will make a lot of calls before you find the right one but don't give up. They're out there I promise.  Understand your worries!! I have had 2 periods this month. Had a week with no spotting...started spotting again last night! UGH!!!! I have to wait till january for my insurance to kick in!  I had gastritis and it made me vomit from eating, made me extremely nauseas. You also might have GERD. You need to take prilosec and watch out for trigger foods.  supplement with rose hips oil/pills, ginger tea, dong quai root,black cohosh herb, red raspberry leaf, maitake mushrooms,dandelion roots ,goldenseal. maybe make an appointment with a free clinic just for an exam also.  As one of member previously said, light to throat and find any white or block dots. if it is severe, consult the doctor.  Have you tried the RICE method-rest,"icing=cold packs on 10mins per hr,compressing the foot w/an ace bandage & elevating it w/a pillow? try that for a day w/taking an Advil or Tylenol-if you notice any increase pain,swelling,color of your foot,inability to put any weight on your affected leg: -Get to an MD quick for an X-ray/evaluation. IMO-I think the RICE method will help you & this is most likely a sprain/strain & this is the traditional method of tx.  It could be that you are in a pre-menopause state called peri menopause. Your gyn could give you a prescription for progesterone to stop it for now. It usually occurs in your 40's - 50's. See your doc.  I happened to be in the same boat as you, except I now know for sure I have to have fusion in my wrist which will dramatically reduce my wrist's range of motion. I fractured my wrist twice. First time very badly in 1981 and the second time only about 2 years ago. Although it was set correctly yet the second time it broke very easily because it had become suseptive to breakage due to the first severe fracture. It only took one year for my wrist to develope ARTHRITIS to the extend that the only solution now is FUSION withTitanium. I have very soft bones and my body is arthitis proned and any trauma to my bones especially to areas that bones connect to CATLIDGE soon develope Arthritis. In your case I think for one, your fracture must have been relatively severe and in an area where joint/cartlidge has an imprtant and pehaps muli-range function and two, it could have not been set very correctly and or your joints like mine are proned to Arthritis due trauma. Physical therapy is very important after the bone heals. Age certainly has someting to do with it, in other words the younger one is the better and quicker the bone and cartlidge heal and thus the likelihood of development of Arthritis is less. What triggers Arthritis is when cartlidges between two connecting bones ware off due to either age or trauma, usually when the connecting bone to the cartlidge is repositioned off its normal or natural position which can occur with bone fracture or even after it set. Do get second and third openion from expert surgeons. Good luck  Have you tried altering ice and heat? I fell and turned my ankle in under me, I spent 8 weeks on crutches with a knot on top of my foot. The Doctor told me I had pulled the tendons in the top of my foot, He said for me to do the ice and heat, Tylenol and Ibuprofen and continue to walk on it, but to walk then elevate,, walk and elevate.  Okay - first you need to understand that periods can change especially as you get older, with more stress, more sex, ect. The brown discharge is probably old blood, and seeing as you said it had been 12 days that may explain why it is brown and spotting - and it can last several days after your period. Pulling out is not a guarantee method of birth control (not that I am saying anything else is guaranteed), you maybe pregnant some women have their first period after conceiving. Ovarian cyst are also maybe a possibility and any chance of toxic shock syndrome? But chances are it is just an abnormal period. If it continues or you start to have pain or new symptoms the only safe bet is to call your OBGYN. Good luck!  Had this happen to me, did the fussion 3 times and they all failed. I am type 2 Diabetic so that could have something to do with it. Get second opinions, you could end up like me disabled for the rest of my life.   When I went to a pain management center, I was given a series of steroid injections(3) and Norco (Hydrocodone). Receiving no relief, the doc increased the dosage of pills. Are you taking the maximum strength 10-325mg? Next I went to a different doc who took a CT scan and discovered I had Spinal Stenosis which was the cause of the pain. A pain management center can not do anything for that. A neurologist can address that problem. Good luck!  Yes!!!  It is the outside area of my ankle near the ankle bone itself. I have had some mild pain throughout the years, but nothing like this. I have been keeping it wrapped, applying ice and taking a anti inflammatory. Hoping it starts to feel better soon!  I/m not a DR. but when I had a severe pain behind my right ear and went to the er they said I had Bells Palsy. I also had right side paralisis on my face. I would suggest a Dr. visit. Sorry I couldn't be more helpfull.  A weird trick my dermatologist gave me when antibiotics failed was apple cider vinegar by applying it to acne twice a day for a couple minutes to get rid of old skin cells due to the acidic levels which replaces them with new healthier cells. This personally has helped me a lot and as weird as it sounds, eating nutritional foods was the other tip she told me so foods rich in vitamin a, c, and e help a lot but stay away from saturated and trans fats along with processed foods. Also I found out on WebMD that 30-100 mg of zinc a day will help decrease the oil produced by body. Gives this a try as all are very inexpensive compared to the antibiotics and creams dermatologists prescribe.  just go to a chiropractor. if youre lucky, it will be easily diagnose-able.  The answer this so called " expert " gave is misleading. The truth is that the ACA will cost small businesses more or it will cost tax payers way more. Anytime the government says they give subsidies they are talking about using the taxes they collect from you and your boss to pay for it. So it is a pay me now or pay me later thing. This law is not suppose to work. It is designed to crush privately owned insurance and collapse the healthcare system in our country. They want a single payer system. The same one that has failed in every country and in every way. So yes it will cost you more. A lot more and for less coverage. Anytime an Obama spokesperson talks about how obamacare isn't working they end it with" that's why we need a single payer system". So take what this site says with a grain of salt. They are part of healthcare.gov.. This administration in the White House has lied from day one.  i had the same problem, my dr ordered me an ultrasound and found out i had to get my gaullbladder removed.  Is the pain under your rib cage? Need more details about the pain and where it is located and when it hurts.  no, most antibiotics they give for strep are: Ammoxicilian, ammoxicilian clavulanate(Augmentin brand name) cephalexin or (Keflex brand name). never heard of the drug you are speaking of. I know you don't have insurance but think of your health, I recently thought I was having an ear infection so went to doctor, but did not want to pay high medical bill, so went to clinic inside Walgreens and turns out it was only a skin infection of the outer ear. was given cephalexin for 10 days, since I can only take liquid meds, have troubles taking pills. I have insurance and ended up only paying $20 for the visit and $5 for the meds. You should try Take Care clinic at Walgreens or Minute-Clinic at CVS, their prices seem to be very reasonable. without insurance my visit would have been only $89.  do you have any redness in the throat or white patches in mouth, this could be a symptom of strep throat. my friends daughter has strep, she had swollen/tender glands but also had redness/white patches in throat. try Take care health at walgreens, or minute clinic at CVS, their prices seem to be reasonable. Most services at walgreens are only $59-$99. I recently used walgreens for what ended up being a skin infection in the outside of my right earwhich only cost me $20 for visit and $5 for prescription, since I had insurance. without would have only been $89 for visit.  before you decide to gain weight, what is your height? looking at your user name, i'm assuming your a male who weighs 140lb. on average male height in north america is 6 feet, and your bmi is average. unless you are 6 feet 9 you are underweight or 5 feet 9 you are overweight.  It is because or the hair re-growing on your vaginal area.  You most likely sprained your ankle or stretched a tendon, I have done the same thing a few times. I usually wrap my ankle in an ace bandage and prop my foot up and take an anti-inflammatory medication to help with swelling. If your foot dosnt get better you should see a doctor.  have u tryed applying for ssi and medicade and telling them that is a emergency fist u need to find a gi doctor because i had that problem and couldnt swollow i have a hernia in my throat so thats what i can offer is my addivce to u.good luck.  It could be a number of things. Since it includes difficulty to swallowing I wouldn't keep putting it off. Get it checked out. I don't think E.N.T's will bill you. they will more than likely want to pay up front and that can get expensive. At least the ER will bill you. If it bothers you to swallow that tube is right by the tube you use to breathe.  Have you had a nerve test? I just had surgery for ulnar nerve entrapment. It was affecting my pinky and ring finger. Good Luck!  From what I know there is only one gel for testosterone (Androgel) and it can be expensive. Have you or your doctor considered injections of testosterone? The shots have been around longer and may be more cost effective and therefore worth the bit of pain :) If you are interested call your insurance to see if testosterone shots would be covered.  it doesnt sound too serious. it sounds like an ear infection,my glands swell when i get ear infections. it may not have happened to u before, but u need to remember that it is all connected.  I had Endometriosis before a radical Hysterectomy. I remember doubling over in pain and it did affect my ability to have a bowel movement. You need to be seen by a doctor right away. I know you don't want to because of finances but I suggest you go anyway. Did they perform a radical Hysterectomy or partial? The only way you could be having problems with Endometriosis is if they performed a partial Hysterectomy. I finally had to have a radical, meaning they took both ovaries as well as the uterus. Once this is done you cannot have Endometriosis again.  Sounds like a yeast infection to me. Monistat 3 saved my life! I couldn't sleep and was at the point of tears. Experiencing those symptoms were the worst and I broke down until I asked an MA that I worked with. She recommended this treatment. I googled it and was TERRIFIED at the responses that it was worse to use than the actual condition itself. But I buckled down and said it really can't be any worse than this. I (and the MA) was right. Nothing burned or felt worse. Just relief. Every day after got better and better. I am finishing day 3 of monistat and I feel back to normal. I am thankful I didn't pay attention to the bad reviews. I feel like people come online more so to bash their bad experience with it because it didn't help them, and those that it did help they don't find a need to let others know because they are over the hurdle. That's why I'm posting. People need to know that it's not scary and that it's NORMAL. And extremely uncomfortable. But that this product WORKS. The symptoms I had were as follows: paper cut feeling on the labia, burning on the inside of the vagina, and sleeplessness due to extreme discomfort. The only thing I did differently than what the box recommended was using calmoseptine cream on the outside for the itching and burning instead of the cream in the box. Calmo has a menthol release and was the only thing that helped. The monistat ointment that came with the 3 was bogus and made it burn like crazy. Calmo is used for a wide variety of skin issues such as this and medical professionals seem to think this okay to use for this condition to get relief. I didn't consult with one before using it and it got me though the majority of my day. Just remember to cleanse and reapply frequently, and use less as it get's better (because skin needs to breathe). Good luck to you all and seek medical attention if you have a fever or any other out of the ordinary symptoms for yeast infection. Other than that, get to your nearest Rite Aide or other pharmacy provider and get Monistat for relief. Just remember that 1 is the most potent, and 7 is the least and if you are prone to more sensitivity go with the longer treatment. God speed.  I am trying to help a friend who has been dx with ADDH and has been Rx Adderall, she does not have Insurance and she was arrested because her mother takes the very same medication and she had 2 Adderall on her when she was stopped for a moving violation. She was charged with position of "cocaine". I am trying to help her find a indigent program to help her pay for her Rx cost.  It's also important to remember that itching is part of a tattoo's healing process. Intense itching, like want to scratch your arm off itching. When the old skin dies and flakes off the new skin growth itches like crazy for a few days before settling down. Cool showers and your tattoo aftercare ointment gently massaged into the tattoo will help, but all in all the itching will pass after the tattoo is healed. Allergic reaction to the ink will look more like red speckles or spots all around your tattoo, unusual oozing, puss, or smelly discharge. You will know within hours of receiving your tattoo if you are allergic to the ink. Most tattoo pigments are completely organic and allergic reactions are rare - and most often to red ink. Never put a first aid product or anti-itch lotion onto an unhealed tattoo, you will first off be in a ton of pain and subsequently ruin your tattoo. - A Tattoo Artist.  I have been in the health insurance business for 40 years. The ACA (Obamacare) mandated a certain level of benefits that must be included in all health plans. This is identical to the what every state legislature does when it mandates what is minimum coverage for auto insurance. One wants to know that if someone crashes into you that they at least have enough insurance to fix your car, if not their own. The exchanges are simply PRIVATE insurance companies competing for business in a marketplace. They are all quoting the same benefit packages and are simply competing at price. No one demanded or required them to compete for this business or offer insurance in the exchanges. Some exchanges have more companies offering insurance than others. These private companies are doing so because they think they can make a few bucks. It is not some government conspiracy to take over the insurance business. That having been said, one may notice that no other industrialized nation on earth has seen fit to copy our health care system. It simply has not worked, and I personally see very little on the horizon to make me believe it will work in the future. In fact, in response to the writer who suggested more universal plans are not working and are unpopular might look only to our neighbor to the north whose health care system is quite popular with Canadian citizens. I know, I know, Canadians are marching to the US for their health care needs. This post is to short to actually address this issue, but suffice to say Canadians are NOT coming in any great numbers to the US for their basic health care needs. Actually, when you factor out tourists from Canada who receive emergency treatment, the incidence of Canadians coming to the US is actually quite small, and is comprised almost exclusively of higher income individuals seeking elective surgery due to the wait in Canada for those types of services. Take a look around the world and compare the healthcare systems of other advanced societies. Many have found ways to both meet the needs of their citizens and do it at significantly less money than we spend. For your research pleasure I would recommend looking at that downtrodden and financially irresponsible country of Switzerland as an example of how we might address this issue ion the future. See the book "The Healing of America; A Global Quest for Better, Cheaper, and Fairer Health Care" by T.R. Reid. Finally, yes, we have the finest health care system in the world, but only if you can afford it.  What do you mean by "right side"? Your abdomen? If so, maybe you should see a specialist. It could be something gastrointestinal or related to diet.  I fractured mine in a fall off of a ladder. No surgery so far, I am using a knee immobilizer/support. I was told three months to heal. Hurt like a bitch, also tore thigh muscles, and ligaments (not detached). I am self employed, a contractor, which means I must still work and stand on the leg. Customers do not care whether I am injured or not. I gave up on the Vicodin, which makes me stupid, and am using the "old standby" Jack Daniels as a pain killer. It least it tastes good. I wish you the best.  multiple causes including weakness in muscles and joints, balance issues, and vision problems including loss of depth perception.   I would go to the doctors office and demand a refill (because you need it, and benefit from it). Millions of people have had their insurance cancelled because of Obama. But, that should work in your favor. You're not asking for the moon. They should be able to work something out for you. If not, I am available to go to bat for you. With the bipolar meds that I take daily, I am not afraid of anything.  hello -- in the depression community, http://forums.webmd.com/3/depression-exchange/forum/6522 (first and tenth posts), we have a list of resources for finding free/low-cost medical care, including counseling. take a look there for some other ideas. i'm so sorry you are suffering such heartache. -- susie margaret  You have to understand, at two weeks the size of the foetus would NOT show on the outside of your body. To give you an idea the womb gets to the height of your belly button at FIVE months. Any lumps are not from any type of pregnancy.  I worked in a doctor office for 14 years and helped patients that can afford their meds. Check with your family doctor. the have a program out there called patient assistance program. you might want to look on the internet for information. It helped a lot of patient's out there.. Give it a try.....  talk to your doctor and tell her everything about this past problem and what your other doctor gave you that worked and i really think you should find out what is causing this pain.good luck and God bless you.  I also have the same problem, and I have insurance and still deal with the same thing; have seen many docs and they don't give me no answers on how to stop it, a along with this problem I have been gaining weight, even if I only drink water it goes right through me, nothing I do seems to work, I have even cut down to eating 1 meal a day, my husband worriers about me so for him I do eat but very small portions but does not matter how much or how little I eat or drink it still goes right through me,,, please let me know if you find a solution to our problem, all I get from the doctors is what they call a dumping serfdom,  The endocrinologist is probably talking about the calcium in your bones. The urologist is probably talking about calcium in your blood. You should clarify what the doctor says.  no  NO! Ask your doctor for something else.  