Please read my post before responding. As stated in my post, I have been to the doctor. In fact, I have been to two doctors. I was referred to a urologist, but the urologist is not available until the end of January. The two doctors I have seen do not think it is anything to be concerned about, however I am still bleeding rather heavily. I am hoping someone will be able to give me some advice about what the possible causes might be or what I should ask to be checked for when I see my doctor again.  i would get it looked at, i had the same thing and had been in the same type area and i got bit by a brown recluse,,had to take antibiotics if left untreated could cause ROTTING of the area, infection, sick, weak,,and in some cases can be fatal, make appt with dr or if you think you should go to the er  It may not go away permenatley, and could be a fungal irritation, any warm wet place can grow it. I do how ever know that if you go to your local pharmacy and ask for an anti fungal power, take it home and use it TID,,three times a day, or as needed, and always dry very good under your breasts after a shower or excessive sweating, and apply the power, it will relieve itching,,also you may ask your Dr about Nistatin power it is a prescription anti fungal power and helps very well,,  There are many reasons for hair loss: Poor Nutritional diet No sleep Stress  Possibly, but with my experience with scabies, is you're more likely to start itching when they burrow. However, that isn't always the case for everyone. My step kids got them, and one was itching all the time where as the other didn't start itching until the spots started to show up, which means they have burrowed. I am not a professional but that's what i was told when i went to the doctor with them.  Your testicle probably had a negative reaction to something. From my perspective, its nothing serious but I would recommended that you visit your local doctor and get it looked at.  Probably a very minor staph infection. I get them all the time.  The condition is rare but possible. Only about 100 cases have been reported since the 1960's.The name for this allergic reaction is Human seminal plasma hypersensitivity. It is a condition in which women are allergic to their partners seminal fluid. Although most of the women affected by HSPH only show minor allergic reaction in the area that was exposed to semen, a handful of women have experienced serious anaphylactic shock. It is best to discuss the matter with your gynecologist who may do testing and refer you to an allergist.   Inguinal lymph nodes are located bilaterally in the area of the groin. The presence of lymph nodes throughout the body is a normal anatomical feature for both men and women. The physiological function of inguinal lymph nodes is to filter lymphatic material that channels to the groin areas, the feet, the legs and the genitals. During periods of infection, the lymph nodes can be overburdened doing the work of cleaning the body of debris and become enlarged (usually the lymph nodes are about the size of an eraser head). Due to the location of an enlarged inguinal lymph node (I knew someone with one the size of a golf ball), the swelling can be uncomfortable, reddened, and sometimes painful. Due to the body attempting to fight-off an infection, the patient may have a fever and not feel well. Yes, any bodily infection, including jock itch and yeast infections, can cause the lymph nodes to enlarge somewhat. But there are other possible causes including a cyst (may be benign), infections of the legs, feet, and groin areas, sexually transmitted diseases, cancer (rarely), and allergic reactions. If the lymph node has not returned to its normal eraser head size within the 7 day period following the start of antibiotic treatment, I would suggest that you follow back with the doctor for further evaluation. Sometimes a 2nd round of antibiotics is needed or a different antibiotic may be required. Occasionally the lymph node is biopsied to rule-out cancer and/or to determine the best antibiotic to treat the enlarged lymph node. I hope that this answer has been helpful and that you feel better soon..  I know most of the questions that may come up:  It sounds like to be like some sort of cyst. Especially the way you describe it. You should see your Doctor about it and he may be able to tell you what it is or help with a prescription.  Is there a great amount of pain from them? If so you need to see a podiatrist first he or she will point you to a Neurologist.  Well this can be a result of a number of things. Commonly, when we exercise we dilate our peripheral capillary beds shunting blood toward the skin to assist with cooling. This capillary dilatation can lead to an itching sensation. NO may have some vasodilatory properties and thus be enhancing these feelings. More ominous is exercise-related anaphylaxis in which -- with high intensity exercise -- your body can have a reaction similar to any other allergic reaction. This is not very common but if you experience other symptoms beyond just itching I would seek the advice of a local sports doc.  ... I have recently treated a patient with a similar problem that had the same "deep itch" complaint. SHe said it was like an itch she could not scratch. We ended up sending her for graston, which is an extreme form of deep tissue massage. I think this itch may be from tiny scar bands that are holding onto a small part of the injured area creating this problem. Sometimes if the Graston does not work I will do a simple injection (if indicated) and that will resolve the itching although I do not do this if the only symptom is that nagging itch.  Yes they do. The skin itches some before the rash shows up and during the rash and also when the scabs are present.  Itching can be a serious medical symptom. Sometimes generalized itching can indicate diabetes, iron deficiency anemia, celiac disease, kidney disease, thyroid disease, and cancers like leukemia and lymphoma. If the itching persists despite the use of anti-histamines, and especially if it accompanied by other symptoms like weight loss and fever, ask for a complete medical work-up. Most of the time, though, the causes of itching are less serious and can be treated by a dermatologist: Extremely dry skin is probably the most common cause and may require prescription moisturizing creams and a change in daily habits, like a quick shower instead of a long, soak in the tub. Eczema , which can be treated with creams, prescription medications, and in the case of allergic people, avoiding whatever it is that makes them react. Food allergies , which many people dont realize are responsible for the generalized itching that makes them so uncomfortable. A doctor can help pinpoint the cause with specific blood tests that seem to be more reliable than skin patch tests for food allergies. Scabies , tiny mites that burrow in skin and cause intense itching. Scabies is a highly contagious condition which can spread anywhere where groups of people live in close quarters, from prisons to expensive summer camps. Treatment requires a prescription cream and meticulous washing and drying of clothing, bed linens and towels. Fungal infections , such as the yeast infections that women frequently develop between or under their breasts, or tinea infections, such as athletes foot or jock itch. These can be treated with creams, but sometimes require a course of anti-fungal pills as well. Bedbugs . Im sorry to say that Im seeing bedbug bites more often, reflecting the bedbug infestation spreading across the nation. Shingles , caused by the chicken pox virus that can lie dormant in the body for years and then reactivate and inflame nerve endings, leading to intense pain or itching. Allergic reactions to makeup and skin care products. Fragrances are the most likely culprit, but often individuals are allergic to other ingredients as well. Reactions to medications. If itching starts a short time after beginning a new medication, call your doctor and report it. Dont try to wait it out, because the reaction may become more serious. If itching persists for more than a few weeks, see your doctor.    It's really important to use a proper moisturizer. I have patients who come in with very dry skin and I ask them what they are using, and they are using lotions. The thing about lotions is that they are water based, and if your skin is very dry and you are in a dry environment. As that water evaporates off your skin, it will also pull water out with it. So even though you are making this great effort to moisturize, by using the wrong product you could actually be making the problem worse. So I like ingredients like shea butter, that can really hydrate the skin and lock water in. Some people use ointments, and ointments are great at holding water in, but ointments by nature don't have any water in them at all. So they won't add any water. So this is what you should do, take a bath or a shower, not more than 10-15 minutes. And the water should not be too hot, because that will also pull the natural oils out of your skin as well, so lukewarm water, 10-15 minutes at the most will hydrate your skin very well, so you will have water in the skin. When you step out of the bath or shower, just pat your skin dry, so it's still damp, and then leave in the bathroom a jar of a moisturizing cream or an ointment at that point would be good as well, but those can feel too greasy for some people, but there are some great creams out there. When you put it on to the damp skin, it will hold water into the skin and actually help pull water into the skin. There are ingredients like lactic acid and hyaluronic acid that are called humectants, and humectants help pull water into the skin from the environment as well. You also lose more water from your skin at night, so it's important to moisturize before you go to bed.  If you think your dog has poison ivy, you should definitely wash your dog, because if you are getting it from your dog, then that's going to keep happening until you get that resin off the dog. The one thing is, you can't spread it from yourself. So if you have poison ivy on your body and you scratch, that's not how you spread it. It might be from under your nails, or from your gardening toolkit, or from your dog, those can be sources of it, but it's not from the rash itself. The way to treat it is really to see your dermatologist and get a strong cortisone cream or ointment or gel to put on it to help dry it up. When it's bad enough, you may even have to take cortisone by mouth, which isn't the ideal thing, but sometimes when it's bad enough and it's uncomfortable, that helps knock it out pretty well. It can start even two to three days after your exposure. So I have had patients come in, and it's three or four days later, and all of a sudden the rash starts to come out. So it doesn't always happen right away. The one thing is, if you think your dog has poison ivy resin on its fur, you have about ten minutes from your exposure to go wash it off. So if you have any suspicion; if he is out in the woods and he starts running around and he comes back and touches you, and you know he was in an area where there was poison ivy, try to get inside as quickly as possible. You can use soap to get that off your skin, but after ten minutes it's in, and you are going to have to deal with it. Taking antihistamines also helps. So you can take that as well. Something like Benadryl or Claritin or Allegra, all those types of antihistamines can help a lot. But sometimes when it's bad enough, you just have to take Prednisone by mouth for up to two weeks even before it starts to calm down.  You can become allergic to the ink at any time, or any medicine that you are taking also. You can become allergic to it even though you have been on it for a very long time. So if you are having a reaction, one thing is that it could be an allergic reaction, but it could also just be something that is occurring in the area of the tattoo that has something to do with the tattoo, but because there is pigment there, you can't really see the skin clearly. So I would say that this is one time that even though you don't have insurance, it is worth seeing a dermatologist to have the area evaluated, to make sure that the skin is otherwise healthy. Oftentimes with a simple cream, they can knock out that allergic reaction, if that's what it is, or the hypersensitivity reaction, another way of calling it, or do a biopsy to see if there is anything else going on in that area that might be more serious, that might need to be treated.  Products that contain menthol are cooling to the skin and can distract from the itch. You can also leave your regular moisturizer in the refrigerator and applying it when it is cool can also be soothing. Otherwise it is important to get to the underlying cause. I am amazed at how often it is simply due to dry skin, even if it is only a little dry, and that just by proper moisturizing on a regular basis the problem resolves. You should look for a cream rather than a lotion, and apply it right after the bath or shower. Also avoid excessively hot showers and keep the shower/bath to no more than 10-15 minutes. If that does not help, its time for a checkup with your internist and dermatologist for further evaluation.  Any rash in pregnancy should be evaluated by your dermatologist. It could be as simple as eczema or a type of easy-to-treat yeast infection called tinea versicolor, which can happen in anyone. However during this sensitive time it is wise to have a medical evaluation to definitively identify the underlying cause.  If the bumps are stable and have not changed or improved with treatment, the next thing the dermatologist might consider (depending on where on the body the bumps are) is a skin biopsy to get a small sample of one of the bumps to send to the laboratory and have a deeper analysis of the skin to help determine the underlying cause.  What you are describing sounds like a seborrheic keratosis, which is a benign condition; however, this needs to be evaluated by your dermatologist, who will be able to either treat the symptoms and reassure you, or do a biopsy to send the lesion to the lab for further evaluation and treat it as needed.  Products that contain menthol are cooling to the skin and can distract from the itch. You can also leave your regular moisturizer in the refrigerator and applying it when it is cool can also be soothing. Otherwise it is important to get to the underlying cause. I am amazed at how often it is simply due to dry skin, even if it is only a little dry, and that just by proper moisturizing on a regular basis the problem resolves. You should look for a cream rather than a lotion, and apply it right after the bath or shower. Also avoid excessively hot showers and keep the shower/bath to no more than 10-15 minutes. If that does not help, its time for a checkup with your internist and dermatologist for further evaluation.  The best way to prevent dry and itchy skin use natural products for skin such as - Argan oil, neem oil, aloe vera etc. and healthy lifestyle are the choices that can help to delay the natural aging process. It will Also reduce the redness. natural products for skin  I'd recommend you get this checked by a doctor. Several things can cause the symptoms you're describing, from a yeast infection to a sexually transmitted disease. It's very important you get an accurate diagnosis in order to receive the correct treatment for the problem. Some itching in the vaginal area is normal. The rash you described isn't normal, nor is the "cut" or the extreme burning while taking a bath. While this is not an emergency situation, I hope you're able to see a doctor soon to find out what's going on. Meanwhile, I would urge you to avoid having sex, just in case you do have a sexually transmitted disease such as or . You do not want to give your partner a disease. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It sounds very unpleasant, and I applaud you for having what could be an embarrassing situation checked out by a medical professional. I guess I'm going to assume you've been tested for sexually transmitted diseases (STDs). Several STDs can cause these types of symptoms. I urge you to continue seeking medical attention until you get a "good" diagnosis and treatment plan. There's obviously something wrong, and it may take real persistence on your part to keep your provider(s) moving forward in trying to diagnose this. If necessary, get a referral to a urologist, even though the symptoms seem to be external. Wishing you well!  It's possible you have a fungal infection commonly called " ." This can occur when you don't completely dry the groin area after exercising and showering. The skin of the groin area is home to many beneficial bacteria. However, when this area remains damp, it can allow other bacteria to flourish. This can result in a fungal infection. Assuming you don't have any lesions (sores, pimples - that sort of thing), it's probably safe for you to try an over-the-counter spray, powder, or cream for jock itch. You'll find these products near the medications for athlete's foot. To prevent jock itch, be sure to towel dry as much as possible, then apply a powder (or cornstarch) to help keep the area dry. If you're unsure about whether you actually have jock itch, or if the over-the-counter treatment doesn't help the problem, by all means visit your health care provider to determine what is going on. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds awful. I have to state, though, that are not diagnosed by "biopsy." This makes me question whether or not you've actually seen a medical professional about the situation. Regardless, the fact your partner now exhibits the same symptoms means you both need to get to a doctor -- sooner rather than later. It's possible you have some systemic (internal) disease process that requires attention. Sinec the situation has been going on for some time and you do not report any problems breathing or with swelling inside your throat, I suggest you seek non-emergency medical attention as soon as possible. Wishing you well!  I'm so sorry to hear you're going through this. Burns can be very painful, and the healing process can be uncomfortable, too. It's important not to scratch or pick at the burn site while it heals because this can lead to scarring. I hope the emergency room gave you some written instructions on how to care for your burn. Here is a link to a WebMD article about , but this mainly refers to mild burns. To your question, if the itching is keeping you up at night, and assuming you're a healthy individual, you can try taking an over-the-counter antihistamine such as Benadryl (diphenhydramine). It not only will calm down the itching but will make you feel drowsy. Read the label instructions very carefully and take this only as directed. I hope you're receiving follow-up care for your burn. Please see your health care provider regularly until it's fully healed. Your provider will be able to provide specific instructions on how to care for your burn. Feel better soon!  I'm sorry you're going through this! I'd advise you see your OB-GYN about this. Several conditions can cause the symptoms you're describing, and your doctor will need to take a sample of the discharge in order to correctly diagnose the problem. Once your doctor has a diagnosis, then he or she can discuss safe treatment options with you. I would not advise treating this yourself using an over-the-counter product. You're wise to realize everything about taking medication changes when you're pregnant. Best wishes on your pregnancy!  Well, that's kind of weird, isn't it? I'm sorry you're going through this. The shoulder and arm area is an odd place to get a rash or a breakout of something like . If the rash is happening only on one side, it's probably worth having a health care provider look at it, though it's probably not any sort of emergency. If the rash is occurring on both shoulders/arms, then you might consider causes such as laundry detergent (mild allergy or reaction), dryer sheets, wearing new clothes before washing them, a change in the type of soap you use (again, possibly a mild allergic reaction), or something along those lines. If the rash/blotchiness doesn't clear up on its own, or if it gets worse, spreads, or your begin having swelling of the face/mouth and/or shortness of breath, then you need to seek medical care. Best wishes as you try to solve this mystery!  This sounds like a side effect you should monitor closely. Sometimes itching can progress into a more severe allergic reaction. Some opioid pain relievers (like vicodin) can cause a release of histamine in the body. This histamine release causes itching. Think about the way pollen causes your nose to itch. That itching is called a 'histamine reaction,' and you take an antihistamine to make the itching stop. The same thing can happen in some people when they take opioid pain relievers. You can take an antihistamine with the vicodin to see if that helps stop the itching. I'd recommend you speak to your care provider to see if you should stop the vicodin and take something else. Of course, if you experience swelling of the face, tongue or throat along with the itching, you should seek emergency medical attention. These can be symptoms of a life-threatening allergic reaction. Itching is a not-uncommon side effect from opioid pain relievers, in my experience. But keep an eye on your symptoms anyway. Wishing you well!  Sorry you're going through this, but let's not freak out just yet. :-) If your wife had similar bumps awhile back, it does kind of sound like this might be caused by something in the environment. Many things in the environment could cause the type of bumps you're describing, anywhere from, yes, (so good for checking on that) to . However, scabies requires treatment, and since your wife's case cleared up on its own, I'd guess she didn't have scabies. You did an entirely appropriate thing by applying hydrocortisone cream to the affected area to see if it would calm down the itching. If the itching wakes you up at night, you probably can safely take some diphenhydramine (Benadryl) by mouth to help calm things down. Be aware diphenhydramine can cause drowsiness, so use caution if taking it during the day. If this rash doesn't clear up on its own in a few days, or if it recurs, I'd suggest making an appointment with your primary care provider or a dermatologist to get an opinion. You did a good thing by taking photos. That way, if your rash is gone by the time of your appointment you can show the provider your photos. Hope you feel better soon!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It's bad enough getting weird lumps and bumps in other places, let alone in our genital region. The only way to be certain what this is is to get a physical exam. It certainly could be something like , which causes genital warts. And if it is HPV, you'd definitely want to know. Of course, it also could be something else entirely. But because of the potential for this to be an STD, you need to get checked out. Also, you should avoid having sex until you know what this is. Even if your male partner uses a condom, he may not be completely protected due to the location of this bump. If it's something contagious, you obviously don't want to give it to someone else. That's why I'd recommend you avoid having sex altogether until you know for sure what you're dealing with. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your gynecologist or a local women's health clinic to have this looked at. Wishing you all the best!  Hm. I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. I'm going to assume you got a skin graft to cover the large burned area. If this is the case, remember you need to keep it well-moisturized because it will not produce its own protective oils the way the rest of your skin does. If you're not putting plenty of lotion or oil on the graft, it could possibly respond in the way you're describing. Regardless of whether or not you got a graft, the fact you're having new symptoms in this old burn scar is worth a trip to the doctor. I'd suggest you make an appointment with either the health care provider who handled your burn at the time or with your primary care provider to have this looked at. Meanwhile, if you're not allergic to any medications, you're probably OK to take some Benadryl (diphenhydramine) to calm the itching, especially at night. Diphenhydramine may make you very drowsy, so use caution if taking it during the day. I wish you all the best with this!  I'd suggest you get this looked at. Chances are it's a common wart or something benign, but there's always a possibility it's a skin cancer. Obviously, you'd want to treat that right away. No need to rush to the emergency room. I'd suggest you make an appointment with a dermatologist or your primary care provider. Meanwhile, try not to scratch it, squeeze it, or pick at it. Any of that type of behavior can break open the skin and make it easy for bacteria to enter. You don't want to get a skin infection on top of this! Feel free to wash or shampoo as normal. This should not cause any ill effects to the bump. Be a bit careful combing or brushing your hair, so you don't catch the bump on the implement and tear it off or something. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear this. It sounds, at the very least, annoying! Without more details, it's impossible to tell what's going on here. If the swelling and redness is confined to the small area between the eyes, it could be caused by anything from a mosquito bite to a pimple. and don't cause swelling, but they do cause flaky patches that could look raised or welted. If the symptoms don't get better, you certainly can take your mother to her primary care provider to have this looked at. I hope your mom feels better soon!  This is strange, indeed. The problem with skin rashes is there are so many things that can cause them. Since the rash doesn't itch and presumably doesn't cause any pain, it's hard to tell what may be causing it. Since this started about 3 months ago, I would ask if you (or your father) by any chance changed laundry detergents, dryer sheets, soap, or anything like that. Perhaps the cause is environmental, since the rash seems to occur in places where clothing touches the skin. The only way to tell for sure what's going on is to see a health care provider. Your dad can start with his primary care provider, who will refer him to a dermatologist, if necessary. In the meantime, it would be helpful to the health care provider if you could get some good photos of the rash, both close-up and from far away. Because the rash only occurs in the evening, your dad may not be exhibiting the rash when he sees his provider. Best wishes to you and your dad!  Bumps in the genital area can be caused by many sources including, as you already know, the herpes virus. Another potential cause is human papilloma virus (HPV), which often looks like warts. Skin tags and small fatty tumors also can cause bumps in the genital area. However, none of these types of bumps will "wash away" with soap and water. You'd be well-advised to see a physician about this as soon as possible. If, for instance, the bumps you saw are caused by HPV, it means you can transmit the virus to your sexual partners. In any case, you'll sleep better at night finding out exactly what is causing these bumps. Don't be embarrassed to discuss this issue with your health care provider. You can start with your primary care provider. He or she will be able to direct you to a specialist, if needed.  If you are not having proper diet then your weight loss might be making your skin itchy. However, it I very important to lose weight in healthy way, so look on your diet because your skin needs a lot of other things along with water and lotion. try to include green tea in your diet as it will provide you with anti oxidants, that are very god for health. You can also find helpful health hints right here, http://healthisalwaysfirst.blogspot.ca/.  Sometimes irritation from paint fumes or new carpet can irritate the nose and eyes. You can try warm compresses to the eyes, antihistamine or over-the-counter allergy eye drops. Usually this gets better. If these don't help or you develop pain in the eye or vision changes, you should see an eye doctor to have an eye exam to make sure there is not an infection or other problem.  Oral over-the-counter antihistamines can bring itch relief. Oral OTC drugs, such as ibuprofen and acetaminophen, can provide relief of pain from bites and stings. In addition, there are many topical OTC drugs that are applied to the skin and can provide itch and pain relief. Some of these topical OTC drugs are labeled as "external analgesics" or "topical analgesics." They contain ingredients such as hydrocortisone, pramoxine, and lidocaine. There are also topical OTC drugs labeled as "skin protectants" that provide itch relief for insect bites and stings. These products contain ingredients such as colloidal oatmeal and sodium bicarbonate. Keep kids' nails short. If they scratch the area and break the skin, it can lead to a bacterial infection that will require treatment with antibiotics.  Do not put anything inside the cast. This could irritate the skin with small micro-cuts, which can lead to an infection. Do not use talc or creams inside a plaster cast. These become gritty when mixed with sweat, which could also irritate the skin and cause an allergy or infection. Raise your arm or leg up above chest level for about 1 hour. This can help reduce the swelling and cool the area, which would decrease the itch. If it is too intense, talk with your pharmacist about using an oral antihistamine for the itching. Be cautious about drug-drug interactions or drowsiness. If the itching is still too intense, check with you doctor about recasting the area.  Some of your medications can cause you to be a bit sun-sensitive. This means that you may want to reduce the amount of sun you are exposed to and use a higher SPF, reapplying it every 1-2 hours you spend in the sun.  Claritin and Zyrtec are not used to treat the itching associated with a foot rash. Without seeing the foot rash, it is difficult to help in selecting an over-the-counter medication for treatment. The most common type of foot rash is athletes foot, which is caused by a fungus. Symptoms include red, itching, burning areas, and sometimes dry white flakes. The burning itch associated with the foot rash is treated with antifungal medication. Please note, having an itch does not always mean that an allergy medication is going to alleviate your symptoms. Medications are intended to work for the cause of a specific condition. You need to use the appropriate medication for the actual condition. Seeking medical advice, informing another health-care professional, and asking a pharmacist about all the symptoms that are involved can help to correctly identify and treat your condition.  I would head to the doctor, this is how my eczema started at 2 years old, Its wise to get it checked right away so it doesnt get worse and cause you pain :)  Only a doctor can say for sure, but from what youve said, it sounds like some form of dermatological irritation. If that is the case, try using a top notch penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil). Look for one that includes a high end emollient like she abutter, to soothe the irritated skin and help moisturize the skin. Good luck!  I had a ring-like mark on my arm not long after starting a new job. I thought that it was an allergic reaction to something I was exposed to. I waited a 2-3 days before talking to someone about it. In those few days, it got red, puffy, and had small white dots that looked like dry skin. It even itched every now and then. I decided to consult a nurse friend. He told me that it was indeed ring worm. I went to Walgreens and bought Lotrimin. I followed the directions on the package and the ring went away in about 4-5 days of treatment. Anyway, hope this helps!  When you say "almost every time" does that mean all day and night? Is this problem related to eating? I have the same issue after I eat, which I believe is a food allergy issue. If yours is not synched with eating food it could be related to environmental allergies, however it's hard to say without more information. That's just an idea.  To Dr. Moser - I am not self-diagnosing or self-treating. This was prescribed to me by a dermatologist and I am following his instructions for use. He never indicated when or if I should stop this treatment. I assume, since this medication was prescribed and seems to keep the rash suppressed, his diagnosis was the correct one.  I have excema or dermatitis like that. see your doctor for a hydracortisone cream. that should help.  This is a great question, But Id like to ask this patient if theyre taking their medicine every day. Some allergy medicines need to be in the body consistently, so therefore theres a level of the antihistamine in your system and therefore you dont feel the symptoms of whats going on. So if the patient isnt taking this medication every day, theyre not gonna have the benefit from it. And if Allegra isnt working its okay, because one of the things that were finding out is that people differ when it comes to medications. I may take a tablet and youre gonna take a tablet, were gonna have a different reaction to it, and some therapies might have to be adjusted; and there are other medications available as prescription for allergy symptoms. If the physician or healthcare provider decides that maybe they wanna try an over-the-counter, Claritin or Zyrtec would be probable, you know, products that could be chosen.  Great question. Lorcet contains a different pain medication than Percocet, so there could be a possibility that you are allergic to the Lorcet. Stomach upset is common in pain medications, so you can also try taking the medication with some food (more of a meal rather than some crackers). I would suggest that you talk to your health care provider about your reaction to Lorcet and also let your pharmacist know. They can put a note in your profile about this reaction.  I would not recommend giving any Benadryl at this time for the itchy feet. If your son was allergic to amoxicillin, he would have developed a rash all over his body and it usually happens right after the first or second dose. I would recommend using a moisturizing cream on his feet to help keep the skin on his feet moist and may also help with the itching.  Hi, it sounds like lichens planus. Not sure of spelling. For itching try an oral antihistamine, non drowsy. Hope this helps. I suffer with a lot of derm issues. Also, maybe a womens over the counter anti cream vagisil might bring some relief.   Dude, I hear you  but ya gotta use them. They're way too important not to. So here, try this  use polyurethane condoms and see if that makes a difference. Also, m ake sure you use something like Man1 Man Oil; I use it and it keeps my tool itch-free, which is kinda amazing considering how my tool used to be.  I havent suffered the poison ivy on my pole experience (Dude, what the.!), but Ive been there with the non-stop itch business before. Since I staretd with Man1 Man Oil, I definitely dont get that problem anymore. So yeah use it.  Most syringes are made from a heat treated stainless steel, but some are coated in Nickel. Some people are allergic to Nickel and this can be your case. I would try to find out where the syringes are made, getting manufaturing information and go from there. I initially thought it could be the latex in your gloves, but you would have mor wide spread rashes is that were the case.  Initially is sounds like you have Atopic Dermatitis or Psoriasis. Usually it happens in the folds and creases of joint areas and can be persistent. There can be several triggers including allergic reactions to detergents, environmental conditions, dry air, too much chlorine (if you are a swimmer ). You can get some ointment from your Dermatologist; opt for the ointment since it is better then a topical cream. Make sure you check all your detergents and soaps are hypo allergenic. Now it very well could be that it is inherited, Atopic Dermatitis and Psoriasis is linked to the same gene that causes allergies and asthma.  It is not recommended to take more medication than you were prescribed. If a medication you were prescribed is not working, you should consult the health-care professional that prescribed it, and let them know. It may be that the medication is not right for your condition, and that something else, besides an allergy, is causing your itching.  If the redness and itchiness is in the same spot as where you applied the patch, this is a common side effect of patches applied to the skin. It is important when you use a patch to rotate the sites of application each day and to try and avoid using the same spot for at least 7 days. This can help curb the local reaction caused by the patch. If it happens every day, wherever you apply the patch, you could be allergic to one of the ingredients in the patch. You can ask your pharmacist to suggest a different patch, or a different method to help you quit smoking if you are allergic to the patch you are using.  No. The reaction you described would not be considered normal. If you experience a rash from a medication, you should contact your doctor immediately. It could be a sign of an allergic reaction to the medication or a serious side effect.  see a doctor right away, you may be allergic to it  Unfortunately, menopause is associated with dryness in many areas -- the skin included. Estrogen therapy does help in general, but skin dryness alone is not an official indication for estrogen therapy. Most dermatologists recommend lots of topical moisturizers. One other thing to remember is that as it gets colder, and we keep our heat on more and more, the air in the house tends to get drier. So adding moisture to the air in your home is a good idea -- even getting a kid's vaporizer for the bedroom can be helpful. If moisture doesn't help, do check in with your healthcare provider to rule out other skin issues, like eczema.  Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, or MRSA, is an increasingly common cause of skin and soft-tissue infections. MRSA has become a common bacterium causing skin infections in people that seek medical attention. Most skin and soft tissue infections begin with redness, irritation, warmth, and swelling of the infected area. Because community-acquired MRSA is a virulent (aggressive) bacterium, the infection may develop quickly and create a painful, red, swollen bump on the skin. This may be called a furuncle, a boil, or an abscess. Itching is not one of the main features of MRSA infection. Most skin itching is due to dermatitis -- skin thats inflamed by non-infectious causes. Allergies, dry skin, eczema, or chemical irritation are some of the most common causes of skin itching due to dermatitis. Dermatitis tends to be mild, and come and go, while often a true MRSA skin infection tends to get steadily worse without treatment. Thats not to say that an MRSA infection can never itch. For example, skin thats already irritated and itchy (as from a dermatitis) is more vulnerable to infection by MRSA or another bacterium. An MRSA skin infection by itself might be itchy at first, but it would be expected to become tender or painful as the infection progressed.  Itching can be caused by many conditions. A common cause of itch is psychological, that is, due to stress, anxiety, etc. Stress also can aggravate itch from other causes. Dry skin (xerosis) is another frequent cause of itch. Many people also report sunburn itch following prolonged exposure to UV radiation from the sun. Other causes of generalized itching that may not produce a rash or specific skin changes include metabolic and endocrine disorders (for example, liver or kidney disease, hyperthyroidism), cancers (for example, lymphoma), reactions to drugs, and interruptions in bile flow (cholestasis), diseases of the blood (for example, polycythemia vera). Itching is common with allergic reactions. Itching can also result from insect stings and bites such as from mosquito or flea bites. Infections and infestations of the skin are another cause of itch. Genital itching, which may accompany burning and pain, in men and women can occur as a result of genital infections such as sexually transmitted diseases (STDs). Vaginal itching is sometimes referred to as feminine itching, and sexually transmitted diseases can also cause anal itching. Other common infectious causes of itch include a fungal infection of the crotch (tinea cruris) commonly known as jock itch, psoriasis, and ringworm of the body (tinea corporis), as well as vaginal itching (sometimes referred to as feminine itching) and/or anal itching from sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) or other types of infections, such as vaginal yeast infections. Another type of parasitic infection resulting in itch is the so-called swimmer's itch. Swimmer's itch, also called cercarial dermatitis, is a skin rash caused by an allergic reaction to infection with certain parasites of birds and mammals that are released from infected snails in fresh and saltwater. Itch may also result from skin infestation by body lice, including head lice and pubic lice. Scabies is a highly contagious skin condition caused by an infestation by the itch mite Sarcoptes scabiei that is known to cause an intense itch that is particularly severe at night. Itching can also result from conditions that affect the nerves, such as diabetes, shingles (herpes zoster), or multiple sclerosis. Irritation of the skin from contact with fabrics, cosmetics, or other substances can lead to itching that may be accompanied by rash. Reactions to drugs or medications can also result in widespread itching that may be accompanied by a rash or hives. Sometimes women report that they experience generalized itching during pregnancy or a worsening of the conditions that normally cause itching. Most people who have itching, however, do not have a serious underlying condition.  My son had a strange rash like this once and our Dr. said that he must have encountered a plant or other such thing, that he was allergic to while playing. Since a farm has thousands of things to get into we never did find out what the allergy was. The rash was head to toe and he looked like he had a massive sunburn. The Dr. prescribed Children's Benedryl and the rash cleared right up. Benedryl is over the counter and is dosed according to the package. Try it out and see if you have the kind of luck we had with it.  From the description, I am not able to tell what the spots may be. Your and your boyfriend's doctors are likely going to need to take a look to determine what's causing them.  I have an insect bite that is spreading outside of the wound  Unless your partner has it, it's more than likely you'll test negative again  I would go to the ER and see if they can help you afford it... Sorry could be much help but that's what i did when my son had the same thing they had to put tubes in his ears...  Could be mosquito bites or tick bites. Have your brother or someone else take a picture of the bites then search google images for different insect bite pictures. If they don't go away within a week I'd suggest seeing a dermatologist or your PCP.  Hi Shaved lately, would be my first choice, ingrowing hairs will do this, if not it either BV or a yeast infection, if you google sea salt and bv you will find a good answer, it will help either, its that or off to your doctor. If its ingrowing hairs you can pick them out with a clean needle and pluck them out, next time you shave just shave the way your hairs grow, and not against them, do it that way your ok. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK I think I'm right being a grain of rice, ok with some oil on your penis, slowly massage it, with a bit of luck it just may go, its worked a couple of times with me. Now this may be from plaque in your blood, you can clear this by taken cayenne pepper, just mix some in tomato paste and thin with olive oil, take 3 small spoonful's each morning when you get up, wash each one down with water, keep taken it for a couple of weeks, it will make you feel good, this is because your blood will now flow better, after a couple of weeks just do it 3 or 4 times a week. Hope this helps you, use Bing as a translator. Good Luck  Hi Snyder, You must stop using a blanket or pillow for masturbating, cant see how you got a friction blister any other way, keep the and you will do some real damage to your penis. Just think of this, as men we get one penis, break it, that's it, you cant get a replacement one. Good Luck  Hi OK if your frightened its an STD, do you have an STD/GUM Clinic near by, if so give them a look in, and get them to look at for you, perhaps they can have some idea what it is even if its not and STD or STI. Could be the way to go. Good Luck  Hi Look if its Jock Itch, then you have wee beastie's or what's called crabs, for that you just need to shave of your pubic hair and get some cream from the chemist, if you tell them its for crabs they will know what you mean, and stand well back. If it is a yeast infection, you could try a warm sea salt bath twice daily, for more info just google yeast infection and sea salt. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Its a bit hard just trying to help over the web, its a visual thing, look I'm not saying its an STI or STD, but please try an STD/GUM Clinic, the staff do not just do STDs, and they could help you best over your problem. Tell them what you have tried, perhaps they have something better. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just go look at this link you could find some help for those yeast infections that just wont go away. The link, http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy into google to open and read Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi Well the first thing would be to chuck away these pads, as your not started your period, why are you using them? So try this, warm water sea salt wash's or baths, perhaps the bath would be best, do these at lease twice a day you use in the bath a couple of handfuls of sea salt, just soak in them, let the water get inside you vagina. Then wear just cotton knickers lose if you have them, and when you get the chance go without them. Just in case your not shaven, shave off your pubic hairs, yeast love a warm moist damp area like pubic hairs to live in. For more info google sea salt and the vagina and sea salt and yeast infection's. Do hope this helps you Good Luck PS switch to tampons less trouble, my wife always used them, has been shaven since 1970, the year we got married, and never had a yeast infection.  Hi Google tape worms, could be your problem. Good Luck  Hi, OK it could just be a hair follicle trapped under the skin either by itself or from shaving, if you shave always shave only downwards, never any other way, if it that it should to a head and burst, you should then see the hair inside it, just get a clean needle and pick it out, the pluck it away, job done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Why not try a dermatologist, you could find some real help that way. But its a hard to help over the internet, its a visual thing, or should be, as you sat its a rash. Good Luck  See above.  Hi A question that has to asked, before all this started have you been having unprotected sex, perhaps with a stranger?  Hi Blood in urine or stools, you should go see your doctor, its a golden rule. So of you go, doctor ASAP. Good Luck  Hi OK yes it can do that, but so can a yeast infection and chlamydia give you a nice itching vagina. So its either get tested, see if its either of the last two, or change you washing powder back to what you was using before. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So you have a couple of red masks that is not swollen or raised, so end of story is just two red marks, well until these do something, I would not worry to much they may just go away. The more you worry over them the worst they will get, and that's a fact, so just put them out of your mind, sit back and relax and enjoy life. Good Luck  Hi Have good read of this link, its all home remedies, as you will read some of these women have had real bad yeast infections, so you you should find help. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy this link into google to open and read. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See the answer above.  Hi, Found you this nice piece of info from, http://dermnetnz.org/reactions/progesterone-dermatitis.html Autoimmune progesterone dermatitis (APD) is a rare skin condition in women that recurs in a cyclical manner corresponding to their menstrual cycles. It is thought to be a response of the skin to the hormonal changes that happen just before menses. Characteristically, the skin eruptions occur during the luteal phase or the late pre-menstrual phase of the cycle. This is when the blood level of the sex-hormone progesterone rises. The skin rash happens as an autoimmune response to the body's own progesterone, hence its name. Within a few days of menstruation when progesterone level falls, there is partial to complete resolution of the rash. It will recur during the next cycle. Some patients have had previous exposure to external progesterone in the form of oral contraceptive pills. This is thought to pre-sensitize patients to react against their own internal progesterone. However, not all patients with APD are exposed to previous hormone therapy. It has been postulated that these patients produce an altered form of progesterone that incites an immunologic response against it. In another theory, progesterone is thought to heighten a patient's hypersensitivity response to another allergen. Diagnosis. The diagnosis is usually made from the characteristic cyclical presentation. A skin-prick test with intradermal progesterone is helpful. Positive tests with progesterone can be fairly rapid, usually developing as urticaria within 30 minutes of inoculation, or delayed with rashes peaking at 24-48 hours. Provocative testing with intramuscular or oral progesterone can be performed as an alternative. Skin biopsy alone is seldom diagnostic. A variety of histological features have been described. Superficial perivascular mixed inflammation is the most consistent finding. Treatment the skin problem is mild, it may improve with topical steriods (for eczema) and antihistamines (for urticaria). Severe disease may be treated with corticosteroids. The production of progesterone can be suppressed with hormone-based therapy. This includes the use of conjugated oestrogen (American spelling estrogen), ethinyl oestradiol (estradiol), tamoxifen and danazol. Women with autoimmune progesterone dermatitis should try to avoid medications containing progesterone including the combined oral contraceptive pill, minipill, depo injections. The specific drugs to avoid include norethindrone, norgestrel, levonorgestrel. Surgical removal of ovaries or oophrectomy has been shown to be curative in refractory cases. Dop hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Best you go see your doctor, but do take your Mother with you and let her be there when your examined. Be best for you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Then don't use it, get to chemist, and get some joch itch cream, any kind of spray on your crutch may get an even better experience than you ever thought of. Good Luck  Hi Ye any problem with your penis, avoid sex till its gone, will its either off to your doctor or a uro if you have one, see what they say its a bit hard to say what it is over the internet even if we had a picture. Good Luck  Hi Try shaving all the pubic hair away, then give them a sea salt wash twice daily for a week see if that helps, your find that a sea salt wash is very good for the skin, but don't use soap, sea salt will help clean your skin of any thing that's on there. See how it goes, if it comes back do two weeks, but keep it shaved. For more info just google, sea salt wash for the skin care your find loads of help. Good Luck  Hi Could be Trichomoniasis , or Trichomonas vaginalis (TV). Trichomoniasis is caused by a tiny single-celled parasite (an organism that lives off another living being) called Trichomonas vaginalis. In women, this parasite mainly infects the vagina and urethra (the tube that carries urine out of the body). In men, the infection most commonly affects the urethra, but the head of the penis or prostate gland (a gland near the bladder that helps produce semen) can become infected in some cases. The parasite is usually spread by having unprotected sex (without using a condom ), although it can also be spread by sharing sex toys. You do not have to have many sexual partners to catch trichomoniasis. Anyone who is sexually active can catch it and pass it on. Trichomoniasis cannot be passed on through oral or anal sex, kissing, hugging, sharing cups, plates or cutlery, toilet seats or towels. The best way to prevent trichomoniasis is to have safer sex. This means always using a condom when having sex, covering any sex toys you use with a condom, and washing sex toys after use. Have a read of this link, oit could help you for now, or even a cure. The Link, http://www.regional.org.au/au/mwia/papers/full/13_delavar3.htm Now if its not that with the itching could be just a yeast infection, for this sea salt will work, just put a couple of handfuls of SS in a warm bath let this water get inside you vagina, do this twice a day for a week, by then it should be gone. Try This link as well. The Link, http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Copy these links into google to open and read. Is this a doctors appointment your waiting for? Why not get to an STD/GUM Clinic there all walk in places, would be quicker. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have a look at this site and the picture you see, dose this match yours, if so then you will know just what it is. http://www.bupa.co.uk/individuals/health-information/directory/r/ringworm Just copy into google to the www.to open and read Good Luck PS This is just a guess at what you may have, with no picture.  Hi See Answer above.  Hi If like you say your having an itch, try this shave around the area, then get some Lannacane,(now that's the UK name for it) this cream helps get rid itch's around genitals, vagina and anal areas and the shaving help the area to stop holding bugs there when we get hot and sweaty. Try this see if it works. Good Luck  Hi If you think you have an STD, the best thing you can do is get to an STD/GUM Clinic, and get tested, then you will know for sure what you problem is. Good Luck  Hi If your friend is so worried, just get him to go to an STD/GUM Clinic, they should be able to sort him out either way. Good Luck  Hi I would see your doctor and ask about pinworms, this could be the reason for your problem. Good Luck  Hi, Jock itch affects primarily males, although it may also be seen in females. Jock itch is easily curable in most cases and frequently resolves on its own without treatment. Jock itch is often treated with antifungal washes for the groin or creams. Resistant jock itch may require antifungal or antibiotic pills to clear. Jock itch is prevented by good skin hygiene. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Ok you could try sea salt sitz bath or just normal bath, chuck in a couple of handfuls of sea salt, let the water get inside you vagina do this twice dails for a week and see how it goes, just googe vaginal itching and sea salt. Or try this link, lots of home cures, and not a doctor is site. The Link, http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Do hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi Try shaving it, and try some Lanacane, its great for stopping itchs. Good Luck  Hi, OK you know, how your getting, then you know how to stop it, the reaction your getting could be that your penis head does not like saliva, so its either do it with a condom on, not a very nice taste for your partner or just give wanting oral sex. Something to think on. Good Luck  Hi If this is around your vagina, then yes it will, but keep going on antibiotics is not doing you any good, this could be the reason for it to keep coming back, not only is it upsetting your gut and killing all you good bugs, its probably upsetting your vaginal mucus, and that's why you keep getting your YI. Have a read through these links, its all natural ways out of a YI. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html http://www.naturecures.co.uk/fungi.htm http://www.midwiferytoday.com/articles/garlic.asp http://www.livestrong.com/article/159043-goldenseal-root-powder-vaginitis/ http://www.pau-d-arco.com/Doctorsaid.html Just copy each one into google one at a time to the www. to open and read. But get yourself on some acidophilus and some Yakult all very good at putting your gut right. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes your find it can do that, but hang onto your meds, you never know it might come back, just look after yourself and see how things go, don't for get sea salt will help cure a yeast infection, for more info just google yeast infection and sea salt, your find lots of info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi your doctor put you on a course of these tablets, they need to be taken every day till you have finished them, along with the lotion, means your hitting the rash's from both sides. So just keep taken the tablets, and apply the lotion. If its not gone just go back to your doctor. Good Luck  Hi I jus rub mine with half a lemon, seems to work for some but if you get the persistent ones like you have, I would two weeks ago seen my doctor. Good Luck  Hi Well its either off to your doctor, or if you have one near, try a STD/GUM Clinic, if you have one near could be your best bet, there staff will be very helpful, but as I'm from the UK and live in Greece so know nothing about charges. But please seek some good help. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi The only one that comes to mind would be trichomoniasis, it sometimes has mild itching, and sometimes you can get it from oral sex, but you have to think who did she blow before you? Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi If you mean by having sex then the answer is yes it can. so down to the chemist and get some cream That simple. Good Luck  Hi I think what ever bit you, just had a good time doing so, you must taste fantastic, that's all I can think of, and your just having an allergic reaction to the bites, either rub some fresh lemon on the area, and again later this will help calm it down, if not some bite cream, and if you have one try a antihistamine, tis will also calm things down. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Your skinning from the sunburn, apply some oils to it, baby oil or olive oil, or you could try some aloe vera gel, very good for your sunburn and very good for your skin, next time you get sunburnt next year put aloe vera gel on as soon as you get home, but now you have been sunburnt, you now should just go brown/tan. Hope This helps you. good Luck  Hi You say a point, do you mean a bump of some king perhaps like a grain of rice?  Hi Young man, well time to be the man and tell you Mum that your having this problem and you should go see your doctor ASAP This would be the best thing for you. If need be, show this to your Mum. Good Luck  Hi OK first google this, scabies rash on penis, look at the images at the top of page, then have a read through some of the sites, your see time and time again how it itch's, do you see burrows? this would be from the mites, if not then you don't have scabies, cant think what these wavy lines could be apart from there just your veins. Look before you go off seeing uro's or doctors, just see if they go away, the tea tree may help so would aloe vera, or try mixing both together, in small amounts. End of the day just try to forget it, it may just clear up and be gone. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If I'm right you will have to wait 8 weeks for a test, but get in touch with you local STD/GUM Clinic, they will tell you, or you could go for a visit and let them have a look, it would he calm you down either way. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you have a Mozzi in your bed, just throw back the covers and us some fly spray, and spray over the bed, hold your breath, but not actually to close to it, just so it mist over the bed, go out and shut the door, by the time you go to bed should now be gone. Good Luck  Hi Google Fordyce spots and look at the images, if they match you just the same as the rest of us men, there just harmful spots, you can squeeze them if you want, but do it after a hot shower would be best. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This sounds very much like BV ( bacterial vaginosis ), so you have two choices, you can get of to your doctor and get some antibiotics for it, if your against stuffing your body with antibiotics, then you can give sea salt a try. Just google sea salt and bv, your find lots of advice, on how it works. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well it sounds like his nose is just very sore, try ice packing it. Try him on some antihistamine's these should help him, then he needs to be on them daily till what ever pollen is upsetting his nose stops. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well your picture is fussy, but from what you saying there ingrowing hairs, with a clean needle pick open the top, and inside you should see a hair, if so just pick it out a pluck it away, but you will have to do it with each one. Good news if I'm right they will be gone in 24 hours. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS Next time you shave, shave the way the hair grows, and they should stop.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Try this, for the next few days, twice a day give your self a warm sea salt bath, but firs you let the water get inside your vagina, and let it soak awhile. you should find that this will help with your problem of an itch. You can google sea salt and the vagina for more info. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi With BV you would have far more than a simple itch, you would have a cottage cheese discharge and a very fishy smell, if none of these its something else. Do you shave? could be a hair ingrowing, have you changed soaps lately? or changed washing powders? any of these things could be your problem. So try this it may help, its called Bactine spray should give you some relief and may even make it go away. Any help? hope so. Good Luck  Hi Could be a reaction to the statins your on. Have a good read on www.spacedoc.com may open you eyes to statins. Good Luck  Hi Could be a reaction to the statins your on. Have a good read on www.spacedoc.com may open you eyes to statins. Good Luck  Hi, You either have sensitive skin, or your carrying something under your nails. But if groom your nails properly, making sure there is no snags on them, all nicely buffed, this should cut down your problems. Good Luck  Hi this could be from the mucus inside her vagina, I would suggest that she has a simple test done at her doctors, could be that its high in acid. Hence you get a rash. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So you tried a couple of herbal remedies nut have a good read through this, it could help. http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/jock_itch.html Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Good Luck  Hi OK you have an itch and a mild fish odour, if you get a white discharge that looks like cottage cheese, the you have BV(bacterial vaginosis) if not it could be a yeast infection. sea salt could help you get rid of it just take a warm sea salt bath with just 2 handfuls of SS in it, do let this water get inside your vagina, and in around 5 days it should be gone. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi These could be ulcers, if so get them seen to ASAP, its a long treatment, get you blood circulation in your leg checked out, could stem from that. Good Luck  Hi I suggest you take a trip to an STD/GUM Clinic, its ok, your not going there because I think you have an STD, but they may be able to put a finger on just what you problem is, as you say its not sexual. They do work on non sexual cases as well, may be a good place for you to start, Do you think this will help. Good Luck  Hi this sounds not good, I think the first thing you should do just in case you dont, but removal of your pubic hair would help, it means the have no where to hid, the little beasties. But here is a couple of links that may help you understand things a bit better? http://www.ehow.com/about_5432171_treatments-genital-scabies.html This next one you will need to scroll down the page a bit till you get to scabies. http://www.fpa.org.uk/sexually-transmitted-infections-stis-help/pubic-lice-and-scabies Just copy each one into google to open and read. Do hope there is some help for you. Good Luck  Hi Any kind of itching is not normal, try doing a warm Sea Salt bath or wash, the bath would be better as this would allow you to let the water get inside your vagina, this should help you. Just use two handfuls of SS in a warm bath. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK for a start if its jock itch this you can get rid of, herpes is for life. AS do you have herpes, then just get to your local STD/gum clinic and get some tests done, simple as that. Good Luck  no  maybe you have scabies or the shingles virus.  go see a dermatologist to make sure it is not skin cancer.  Im gonna guess they are Fordyce's spots. Check out this link. This is exactly what it looks like on my penis. I freaked out too, but its nothing.  I am 73 years old, female, and have the exact same symptoms. I went to my doctor thinking it might be shingles. She said no, it was probably some type of allergic reaction, maybe caused by anxiety. She recommended Claritin which can be purchased over the counter.  Mine itches too sometimes like that, maybe just the way it feels against your skin.  There are MANY causes for itchy scalps, but dry skin would be high on the list, as well as chemical sensitivity reactions (to shampoo), fungal scalp infections, and yes, even head lice. It is not possible to determine a specific cause based on itching alone. He will need to see a medical provider or dermatologist for a proper examination, but in the meantime, he can try some medicated, over-the-counter shampoo used for dry scalp conditions to see if it helps. A pharmacist can help him chose a proper one.  I can't blindly diagnose your penis issues over the Internet. Since this has been going on for a MONTH, don't you think it is time for you to see a medical professional so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated? Trying to do this on your own does not seem to be working.  Lichen planus?  Without seeing your "bumps", I cannot be sure you have shingles either. Shingles is typically not in the middle of the back, but rather follows a nerve pathway on just ONE SIDE of the body, so in your case, it would only be on one side of the back, perhaps traveling the front, but never crossing the midline. The can be a bit itching initially, but shingles is notorious for being painful or burning.  Please don't post pictures. Besides, it would not be possible to definitively make a diagnosis based solely on your story (did you have poison ivy contact??) and a photo of the rash. The fact that your eyes are puffy and itchy does point to some sort of contact dermatitis. The skin only responds in a few ways, the most common being a "rash", and thousands of things can cause a rash. If you do, indeed, have poison ivy on your man parts and around your eyes, you need more than just an accurate diagnosis. You may greatly benefit from ORAL (prescription) corticosteroids. I know you are not itching (pun intended) to see your medical provider, but this is the only way to get an accurate diagnosis and a definitive treatment regime.  You most likely have chronic "swimmer's ear" (otitis externa) BECAUSE you use Q-tips. Wax is not dirt...it is a beneficial, protective coating for the ear canal.When you have a wax coating (like your car), water will "bead up" and easily fall out. When you take out all of the wax, water stays in the ear and breaks down the skin...leading to a SKIN infection in your ear canal. Other causes include eczema in the ear canal, and even a fungal/yeast infection. This may be the "flakes" you are seeing. Your first step is to be properly diagnosed. See a dermatologist, ENT, or even your primary care provider. You then will need to be properly treated depending on the specific cause. While you are waiting for that appointment, throw those Q-tips in the trash and never use them again.  Drug store clinics are just fine for this type of medical issue. You may have a case of and need some prescription antibiotic/steroid ear drops. In the meantime, a solution of 50% white vinegar (acetic acid) and 50% water - a few "body temperature" drops instilled in the problematic ear a few times per day will help  Running naked would be best, but then again, there will likely be other issues. Jock itch is also called tinea cruris. This is a yeast infection, and yeast loves the warm, dark, and moist environement (sweating) common in the groin area. Cotton is a natural fiber and tends to breathe better than most synthetics, but some synethetic are outstanding when it comes to air circulation. I have no problem with cotton or those special quick-dry synethetics, but not all underwear is created equal. Boxers allow my air than tighty whities, assuming we are just talking about men.  Obviously, I have no way of examining you, but one possibility would be a condylomata acumitum (a venereal wart). So, yes, this could be an STD to see your medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  An allergy to your own urine is not possible. Your labial itching may eventually help you overcome your fear of being examined, since this may be the ONLY way you can have this problem properly diagnosed. This is NOT something that can be done blindly over the Internet, based solely on a vague description. Having a sympathetic female physician, PA, or nurse practitioner should ease your discomfort and fear, especially if you disclose it prior to your visit. Have a trusted friend go with you. Your doctor can even provide you with a short-acting anti-anxiety medication to help you overcome your fear. In most cases, a yeast infection is the underlying cause, but since the labia is covered in skin, and skin can have HUNDREDS of dermatological conditions that cause itching, it would likely be futile to try and treat a condition that is not even diagnosed.  A varicella-vaccinated child who is re-exposed to chicken pox may get a "sub-clinical" case....one that is very, very mild. However, there are dozens of other viral illnesses that can cause those vague symptoms of low-grade fever, and a few non-specific skin bumps. It may be premature to assume he has chicken pox. Observation only would be a prudent course of action at this point. Chicken pox, even the sub-clinical cases, will tend to worsen for a few days, so your answer may be more obvious. If he wakes up tomorrow and his bumps have resolved, then it probably was not chicken pox.  Your child cannot be adequately diagnosed without an examination. A medical professional will need to see him first-hand; a description is just not sufficient to make this important call. There are literally hundreds of "bumps" that can occur on human skin.  Your doctor needs to prescribe a prescription pain medication; shingles is VERY painful. Unfortunately, I do not know anything about you or your case to suggest a specific medication, so is really your doctor's obligation to provide you with some help. A narcotic medication...for a week or so...is very appropriate. To recommend that you only take over-the-counter medications for pain control is an under-estimation of your pain level. There are stronger medications for the itching, too.  Whole body rash and itching is NOT shingles. Is it possible that your doctor's diagnosis was incorrect? You may need to see him again. Shingles is PAINFUL, not itchy....and it only affects a section of ONE SIDE of the body (it follows a nerve pathway).  Why are you having unprotected sex? I would say you are NOT "good to go" until you get cleared by your STD testing AND you buy a ready supply of condoms and start using them....for your protection and the protection of your partners. There is no way for me to know the true nature of your lesion (scab or STD) based on description. This requires an examination by someone skilled with diagnosing STDs of all types.  Jock itch (tinea cruris) is caused by a yeast/fungus, so the best treatment would be an antifungal cream, not coconut oil.  Depends on how hairy you are....if you were Sasquatch, you could certainly have head lice on non-head areas. Mostly, head lice live on the head (occasionally the eyebrows), and body lice live on the other parts (including the clothing). The pubic area can have pubic lice (aka, crabs)  An allergic reaction to neomycin is actually quite common. I see this on occasion with neomycin-containing eardrops. Your doctor needs to prescribe something else for you, as well as treat the allergic response. One more consideration since you have had this problem for a MONTH is that the cause may not be bacterial. You could easily have a FUNGAL infection in your ear canal requiring an entirely different treatment.  Triamcinalone is NOT a treatment for jock itch. Jock itch is typically tinea cruris, a FUNGAL infection. Two problems: Triamcinalone can make fungus worse, and triamcinalone should NOT be used in the groin area. This is a steroid cream that can actually be absorbed by the body and cause immune suppression over long term use. You are treating this problem entirely wrong if you are self-diagnosing and self-treating. You must have an accurate dermatological diagnosis. This is not something you can get blindly over the Internet, so if your dermatologist was correct, than you should have been treated with an antifungal. I am not sure what he meant by "related to jock itch" so you may need to call him/her to discuss your failure to improve, assuming he was the one who prescribed the triamcinalone cream.  You could have pinworms....the live in your rectum and come out at night (don't ask me how they know it is night!) and lay eggs around your anal ring. This is one common cause of "pruritis ani" (Latin for "itchy anus"). You will need to have your medical provider order a pinworm test. If this is not the cause, then you will need to see your medical provider for an exam to see if their are other treatable reasons.  There can literally be hundreds of different reasons for hives (urticaria), but vitamin D deficiency is not one of them. You can have your medical provider test your vitamin D level, however, and help you search for a possible cause of your hives.  As much as I would like to help you with this dermatological puzzle, it would not be possible for me, or any medical professional, to offer you an specific explanation or diagnosis for these "red spots" blindly over the Internet. In order to be properly diagnosed (and treated), a medical provider would need to physically SEE these spots and take an extensive medical history -- obviously not something that can be done on-line.  There are LOTS of other skin eruptions that can cause these symptoms, but unfortunately, I have no way of seeing what you have over the Internet. Scabies is typtically transmitted person-to-person, but it is possible that it could be transmitted on contaminated equipment. There are skin scraping tests to determine if you have scabies, but your doctor may not be set up to do it. You may need to see a dermatologist. I have to say that scabies typically does not spread like this, nor is it common on the face, so there is a good chance you have "something else".  It is not possible to make a blind diagnosis over the Internet. In other words, if I can't see it first-hand during and exam, and actually feel it, it would not be possible for me, or any medical provider, to offer you a definitive answer. You will need to see a medical professional or dermatologist. Sorry.  A person cannot be accurately diagnosed by symptoms alone. You will need to have a medical examination. It has been a of annoyance, so I would suggest that you do something about it. See your doctor or a dermatologist, but this problem can be effectively treated. You may have tinea curis (a fungal infection); perhaps secondarily infected from your scratching. This is just a guess however, since I can't SEE it.  The most important thing is to have him properly diagnosed first....not something that can be done over the Internet, since there can be hundreds, if not thousands, of reasons a person might itch. Since this has been going on for two months already....AND, you are pregnant, it would be wise to get him in to see a dermatologist (best), or at least, his primary care medical provider. Without a diagnosis, a proper treatment would be very, very difficult.  I can help you with advice, but unfortunately, a brief description is not sufficient to be able to offer you a definite answer as to the nature of your breast lump. You will need to see your medical provider for a careful examination and, perhaps, some imaging studies. Many lumps on younger women are cysts, but this important call cannot be made blindly.....you MUST have a proper examination.  I don't know. I have no way of seeing or examining your skin condition. An accurate dermatological diagnosis can not be made blindly. There can be hundreds of skin problems that present as "reddish spots". My suggestion is for you to see a dermatologist so the dermatologist can SEE your problem.  Are you sure it is psoriasis? Psoriasis is very challenging to treat, so she should most likely be under the care of a good dermatologist. Itching can be controlled a bit using an antihistamine and/or topical steroid creams, but the scales on psoriasis tends to be so thick that a prescription steroid cream is usually recommended.  If the itch is truly " all over your body", then the cause is most likely an allergic reaction to something you may have eaten, breathed, taken medically, or touched. I know that doesn't narrow down the field, but finding the one (or more) possible sources of generalized itching can be very, very difficult. Start with new things...things you may have touched, including soaps, laundry detergents, or chemical spays. Then, scrutize any new foods, or new medications you are taking. A longer-lasting antihistamine (Zyrtec, Claritin) may be helpful, but it is still okay to take the Benadryl if you want as long as you take it regularly. If things to not settle down for you, you will need to consult or see your medical provider.  I can't really answer that important question....namely since I have no way of seeing this skin eruption first hand by examination. One (of many) considerations should be shingles (herpes zoster), but this is just a blind guess based solely on your very vague description. I would suggest that you see a medical professional so you can have this properly diagnosed and treated.  Your scalp issues cannot be accurately diagnosed over the Internet based on description....a medical provider would need to SEE and EXAMINE you in order to make this determination. You could have seborrheic dermatitis or perhaps, a dozen other skin/hair conditions. My suggestion is for you to see a good dermatologist and get it diagnosed and treated by an expert.  I don't know if you are talking about the ear CANAL, or the outer ear, but vaseline is safe. Knowing the cause of the itchy ears would be good, since itching caused by eczema would be treated differently than itching caused by a fungal skin infection that can also occur in the ear canal. Vaseline will not really treat this Hopefully, you are NOT using Q-tips for ear wax removal. Why? Earwax is a protective coating for the ear canal, and if you remove it with a Q-tip, it can CAUSE itchy ears.  It could be HUNDREDS of different dermatological conditions, and it would be impossible to blindly guess what you have over the Internet. Since this has been going on for two months, perhaps it is time for you to see a medical professional / dermatologist so that you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  You may have atopic dermatitis (eczema) in your ear canals. This usually requires a prescription steroid drops, however it is VERY important to be properly diagnosed since a fungal skin infection can also cause similar symptoms and would be treated entirely different. As matter of fact, a steroid could may a fungal infection worse. See a dermatologist or an ENT -- experts in this area. Being properly diagnosed FIRST is essential to a successful treatment regime.  As much as I would like to help you, I cannot SEE or EXAMINE your eye over the Internet to provide you with a patient-specific answer. You will need to see a medical professional or eye specialist so that you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  Hair doesn't itch....scalps will itch. There are so many different causes of itching that it would not be possible to blindly sort them out over the Internet. If your newly-grey scalp is itching, it would be wise to see a dermatologist so that you can be properly examined and treated. Just because another grey hair friend has an itchy scalp too, does not imply that you both have the same thing. The color of your hair is really irrelevant.  It is next to impossible to make a blind determination as to the nature of "red bumps" on the buttocks and genitals, but I could offer you one possibility that may answer the question. Obviously, your friend would need to SEE a medical provider -- someone who can actually examine her first-hand -- to be sure. Have your friend research to skin condition called " Molluscum Contagiosum ". These are one type of tiny, little red bumps that have a little induration or "belly button" in the center. They can definitely spread, on the person who has them, and to others who have a close contact. If you put the world "photo" after the name of this skin disorder, the Internet will reward you with some photos to compare.  Unfortunately, without the ability to examine you first-hand, I would not be able to determine the true nature or cause of this "blister" based solely on the information in your posting. You will need to see your medical provider.  Many things.....Atopic dermatitis can cause annular (round), scaley, skin lesion for one. Unfortunately, since I have no way of seeing your skin lesion first-hand, I cannot be more specific. Have you considered seeing a dermatologist?  Corns don't usually itch, but feet can certainly itch. If you are having a painful, itchy area under your little toe, then think "fungus". Fungus just loves the warm, moist environment inside your shoes. Tinea pedis (Athlete's Foot) is very common, so you may want to consider a trial of an anti-fungal medication (perhaps mixed with a little bit of hydrocortisone cream/ointment for the itching). Your pharmacist can help you select one of the many brands on the market. Another possibility would be a contact dermatitis, perhaps from a new shoe or even from a change in laundry detergent or dryer softener. If your home treatment doesn't help, there are plenty of podiatrists out there to lend a professional hand (or foot).  A photo rarely helps when it comes to these more challenging diagnoses. As much as I would like to help you solve this five year mystery, this cannot be accomplished without at hands-on examination. Because of the long duration of this problem and failure with various treatments, I would strongly suggest that you see a dermatologist for an expert evaluation. The diagnosis is the key....so unless you get a definitive diagnosis, the treatment would just be random trials.  Unfortunately, it is not possible to accurately determine a skin diagnosis blindly over the Internet. A desciption is just too vague, so this is going to require a hand-on, medical examination by your primary care clinician or a dermatologist.  Herpes is notoriously PAINFUL, not itchy. However, without the ability to see this bump first-hand, it would not be possible to really provide that answer. You would need to see your medical provider, especially if you are at risk for sexually-transmitted disease, and this bump persists or worsens.  A medical provider or dermatologist would have to physically SEE these spots and examine you. A vague description of dry, scaly spots is really not sufficient to make an accurate diagnosis.  I think you mean psoriasis , a common dermatological condition that can appear on any skin surface, including the scalp. I am not sure what the "inverse" part is, but then again, I am not a dermatologist. So, to address your question: Yes, it is possible to have psoriasis on the scalp. There are many different medications, from steroid solutions to shampoos that can help; and there are prescription and over-the-counter medications to control the itching. Give your dermatologist a call and ask for some help.  You should always be concerned when you have unprotected sex. The risk of an STD is not worth the worry, so why not just use condoms and protect yourself? Your symptoms could indicate a yeast infection, since itching is a primary symptom, but there is really no way of knowing if you have contracted other STDs unless you were properly examined and tested. It is sooooo much easier to use condoms.  UTIs are very rare in men (assuming you are male). If you are having unprotected sex and diagnosed with NGU (really, this is Chlamydia )...all the letters "NGU" really mean is that you do not have gonorrhea. Hopefully, the STD clinic ran the appropriate lab tests. Urethritis is really an infection or inflammation of the urethra....period. Urethritis can have many causes, but Chlamydia is high on that list. I can't really diagnose you blindly over the Internet, but your penile rash has nothing to do with urethritis. I don't know what ointment you are using, but if it is getting better, than good.  Contact allergy could do it....dryer softener sheets with perfume is high on my list, followed by enzymatic detergents and bath soaps. It could even be that feminine spray, even if you have used it in the past. Products often change ingredients without changing the brand name. A yeast infection is quite common in this area, so if the itch is limited to the clitoral area, use a topical antifungal, perhaps mixed half/half with 1% hydrocortisone cream.  The change of skin on any part of the body should be noted. When itching comes and goes and color change should be looked at by a physician as there are a number of conditions that could be occuring. Maybe a change in laundry detergents or body wash, but any and all changes in skin color and itching needs to be addressed by a physician. Of course wearing protection for yourself & others is advised.  It went away..I'm almost positive it was from the way I was taking care of the scratch  Unresolved itching is a truly frustrating symptom for all patients to deal with. Because this has been going on for some time, you might want to get a medical evaluation to make sure you don't have a disease process that is causing the itching. The fact that you have identified stress as a possible trigger tells me that while it may not be the source of your difficulty, it certainly could be making it worse. I would recommend that you look into stress reduction methods that are available in your area. Some schools and universities offer programs in stress reduction, meditation, yoga, etc. Stress is hard on your entire body and could be negatively impacting other health systems as well as making your itching worse. See what you can do about getting a diagnosis, and try to learn to manage your stress levels.  If this is a new condition, it could be a contact dermatitis. This means that your skin is reacting to something it has come into contact with that has irritated that portion of your skin. While it might not be poison ivy, you could have a sensitivity to something else. See if you can go back and figure out what might have set off this skin condition. In the meantime keep it clean and dry. Apply a small amount of over the counter cortisone cream to see if that helps the itching.  Menopause can effect estrogen production. Estrogen is critical in the production of oil glands and collagen. Estrogen levels are also associated with your cells' ability to maintain hydration. To help your skin cells, avoid hot showers, because they tend to further dry out your skin. Consume foods rich in essential fatty acids. These will help your cells with natural oil production. Finally, use sun protection. Sun damage is the No. 1 cause for premature aging of the skin.  Your condition sounds quite complex. Usually "itchy" toes are a result of athlete's foot (tinea pedis), which is a fungal infection. You may want to seek advice from an infectious disease specialist who will evaluate you and possibly obtain a biopsy or culture in order to exclude any other underlying medical conditions or ongoing infections.  Hyperpigmentation or dark spots will respond to a combination of chemical peels that contain salicylic acid, alpha-hydroxy acids, and skin-brightening agents such as hydroquinone, licorice extract, or bearberry. Your physician will be able to implement a skin care regimen once any underlying medical causes are excluded.  Your first step will be to visit with your surgeon and discuss the details of your procedure. Certain face-lifting procedures may result in a transient sensory nerve injury, which can lead to hypersensitivity and/or pruritis (itching).  Yes. Newly infected areas may not itch. As the number of female mites multiply and lay eggs, there are local secretions from the mites along with a local histamine release that leads to itching.  It's not always possible to tell if your partner is infected with an STD. Many patients don't know they're infected until they're tested. If you have these concerns, it's probably a good idea to be evaluated and if necessary put on therapy.  No I have not had unprotected sex ever.  No  I have the same problem. Itching in the same location on my back (below my right shoulder blade) for almost 2 years now. My dermatologist said it was a form of arthritis. When I told my family physician she had never heard of it. I am starting to think it could be hormonal.  Here is some information on that I hope will be helpful. If you're worried that you may have an infection that you could pass along to your husband, you should give your doctor a call and see if you can get in and get checked out in person. You will ease your mind. The WebMD Answers Staff  There are many reasons why we develop brown spots on our body throughout our lives.  There are two types of . Check out that information to get started. Here also is some information on and that discusses how these are transferred. Because there is no way to guess what is causing your itchy breakout, it's probably best to make an appointment and get it checked out by your doctor. The WebMD Answers Staff  Moisturize: If you have dry skin, you should slather yourself with moisturizer on a daily basis. It is particularly important to do so immediately after you shower, bathe, or wash your hands, while your skin is still damp. Take shorter showers: Bathing or showering too often strips the natural oils from your skin, causing it to become dry. Hot water also robs the skin of moisture. Skip the scented soap: Instead, choose a mild cleanser. Unscented bath soaps, or those labeled "for sensitive skin," are the best choices for lathering up in the bath or shower if you are prone to dry skin. Fragrant soaps and body washes can also lead to dry skin and itchiness. The same rule goes for laundry detergent. Avoid perfumed or scented detergents and fabric softeners. Detergent names or labels often contain the word "free" to indicate they do not contain perfumes or dyes. Do not use cleansing toners, colognes, body mists and splashes, aftershaves, or similar products that contain alcohol. Alcohol dries out the skin. Drink plenty of water and fluids. This helps keep your skin moist from the inside out. Avoid coarse, scratchy, or rough fabrics, such as wool, which can make skin feel itchy. Choose softer fabrics, like 100% cotton or silk. Keep this in mind when choosing clothing and bedding. Dry air and low-humidity climates can pull water from your skin. Running a humidifier in your home, particularly when you have the heat on, can restore moisture to the air. Aim for a humidity level of about 45%-55%.  athlete's foot  I have never had a problem with antibotics. I was prescribed Amox TR-K CLV 500 - 125 MG tablets (Sando) this was generic for Augmentin. Took my first pill, began to itch in my vagina area (strange I must say), then itching entire body. I didn't connect the medication with the itch, thought I had touched something in the yard, soap or clothing causing problem. Took baking soda bath/ showers, anything I could find for allergy thinking it was from contacting something. Still didn't connect with medication. Next morning the same thing. Called my doctor, stopped medication, flushed my body drinking lots and lots of water. I don't think it was the actual medication, I think it is something in the base product, you know to hold the pill together. If I should need Augmentin again I will asked for a different mfg, too bad they are not in capsule form, less foreign ingrets. We never think of the fillers in tablets. Look up everything that is in your medication..it is an eye opener.  Well I have tried the doctor multiple times. My area has no dermatologist so I have to travel over a he to find one. I have the doctor office sending a list of dermatologists I could see. Until then I'm trying to get some info here. I have tried multiple creams and its still persistent.. nervous of an std I guess and just flat out frightened! So yes I am trying to see a dermatologist but is little difficult with my career at this point. (No vacation yet)  I would go to the doctor or the pharmacist to see what they have to say. If you say it looks 'infected' then it will probably need medicine. I wouldn't wait either.  I would probably get a food allergy test. It might be helpful to also track what you are eating and see if you can find any patterns. I found this article that speaks to common adult food allergy culprits. http://www.webmd.com/allergies/guide/food-allergy-testing I hope this helps and you find some relief!  There are so many skin conditions out there. I found this slideshow - maybe it can help you to figure out what your issue might be.  yes i think so  As well as the other answer, note that you may have an allergen to something in the new house. If you are allergic to certain pets and the carpets had not been properly cleaned from the prior occupants, this could cause the issue. Also, considering you made no mention of this other then at night, it is possible that you sleep with your eyes open or partly open, which may cause them to dry out. If this house is lees humid than your previous, then this is a perfectly logical cause. If ou notice that the house is dry, feel free to use a humidifier.  it could be acid reflux  its eczema keep lotion and cream on him see what happens  Pictures here:  So I bought an online remedy to relieve the painful itch of shingles. Apple cider vinegar! And it relieved the pain well enough for me to be able to sleep and work.  I am not a doctor but I would assume that the rash is not from the Sudafed. If I had to guess I would say that it is from a reaction to laundry detergent, hand soap, etc. Does she have water blisters on her extremities, primarily her fingers? You best guess is just to take her to the doctor, especially if she starts having issues breathing. I hope this helps  Could also be nummular eczema. Ringworm is fungal and would need to be treated with an anti-fungal to keep from worsening/spreading. Nummular eczema is circular as well, dry and itches like ringworm. Creams are available for treatment. Your regular doctor should be able to diagnose ringworm without referring you further to a dermatologist, but might not be familiar with nummular eczema.  Due to moisture in such places fungal infections are common.Personal hygiene& treatment with antifungal ointments may solve ,IT can be due to allergy if you are using directly over skin sprays to avoid smell of sweat.So look for this also  if they are dry and scaly it could be eczema.  The bad thing about ticks is that they feed off of all kinds of disgusting animals. with that being said you need to go to the doctor because ticks can carry Lyme disease and it is dangerous. go to the doc and have them take a look because Lyme disease can cause death if it gets bad, in your case just sounds like a bacterial infection from that nasty tick. either way go to the doc that's my best advice. hope i helped  Stop biting your finger cuticles and it should be fine after a while.  It could still be an infection. You need to see a urologist and get tested. It might pass but if it gets worse, do not ignore it. I've read plenty and know that this supplement is the real deal--natural, effective and worth the dough you pay for it. It supports prostate health for men as well as older.  It could be flea bites??? My daughter is allergic to fleas and it sounds similar. Of course the thing you do not want to hear, it could be soooo many other things, poison oak/ivy, scabies etc. Domebro is a good itch reliever but does dry the skin. You can buy it at most any store, wal-mart, bi-mart, fred meyer etc  i should also add that i have to try to get the flow coming by pushing hard *not to hard* about 4 or 5 times like i said this is odd as yesterday i was going JUST fine this is indeed very concerning as i had a neighbor die to prostate cancer so ive been worrying about it since this started this morning  could be an allergic reaction to soap or laundry detergent. try changing one or both.  it depends on what kind of rash it is, you first need to deatermine what kind of rash it is, but any anti itch cream should work, at least for a lil, and if it don't help at all u need to go to the doctor, to make sure its just a simple rash.  so your daughter is getting bug bites and she is getting them even though she isn't going outside? i think it's bedbugs that can be infested wherever she is staying or could be mosquito inside the house that is hiding. if it is bed bug, that is serious problem and should be taken care of before it infest other area of the house/apartment.  You have conjunctivitis it starts like that then it becomes too worse your eye starts to produce alot of discharge and it becomes very red. To treat it you will need to use hyaline and tobramyacin. I recommend a visit to an ophthalmologist to prescribe medications for you.  More like a mole or wart trying to start, maybe stress related also  stress    I suffered from psoriasis too, but I was cured now. It was bad, and makes me very unhappy. I live in China. Here we use Traditional Chinese Medicine to treat skin problems, I went to many hospitals like this and tried many different treatments, but the effect is not very good until I went to a hospital in the North of China. It works, and now I am a happy person again, I am glad to share this with you, you may not able to go there, but you can talk to their doctors for advice. you can find more information on the website of vitiligotcm.    I would tell the dentist that you stopped that antibiotic and why. It is not good to quit them as you can develop resistant bacterial strains. At this point it sounds like you have both a yeast infection from the first antibiotic which you can treat by using an OTC yeast treatment and the second sounds like a urinary tract infection. I would see your doctor for a urinalysis which may involve a quick test and/or a urine culture. Report every thing you said here to the doctor. Start drinking lots of cranberry juice (if you are not diabetic) and water. It will help. If the vagina itching doesn't go away such as the OTC product indicates see your doctor for that as well as it could be something else such as trichomonas. But I believe it is yeast because you can develop it due to an antibiotic. Marieh9  if you still have some symptoms you should see a doctor, i also recommend seeing an insectologist, sometimes they take a test to see what bite you, do not think of mosquito bite that simple , and for the next time do not try to irritate the bitten place with rubbing it to much. here are some good tips  A dermatologist can prescribe a medication that is much stronger than what you get over the counter. I had a rash for a month before I went to the dr. It went away within 3 days after I took the prescrioption level cream.  you might want to get checked for a std called hpv or trickanoma  It certainly sounds like ringworm. This will not go away on its own!  I have had both infections and only had itching with the yeast infection. Any Discharge? UTI's or Bladder infections feel more of an urgency to urinate, and then you go and its just a few dribbles that causes discomfort. However, maybe its in the hair, lice etc. it will live in aLL hair and on surfaces. I'd have this checked out again, and if your doctor still says everything is fine ask what you can do to alleviate the symptoms..good Luck, that feeling is awful , as most women know at one time or another!   Have you changed anything? Detergent, softeners, new clothes w/out washing first. new bed, just about anything including a once not allergic to a food ,allergy. is he on antibiotics? My now 10 then 8 went through this, he broke out every day for 3 days once covered half of his body however, benadryl made it go away so it saved me trips to the E.R.( i did take pictures and give them to my sons pediatrician ) It was around Halloween time and it stopped as fast as it started, The closest I came to figuring it out was it was either the detergent, so i switched.or his 2 costumes , try to think of anything that's different, new activity with new surroundings?? anything,, Also hives can be caused by stress this too has happened as well to my son. 12 is middle school and a hard age! Good luck to you!!  What do the bugs look like? Are they fleas?  Hard to tell since i dont knoW these terms(not being english) btw by point i mean something like a hard little circle....i can see it only when my penis is hard and it is really small so i thought i might call it a point  do you have pain in your sides cause its possible not for sure but possible you have a kidney stone blocking your pee , def go to a doctor if it last another day  not sure it sounds more like a reaction to something in the food , i would call your doctor and ask , when u say inulin do you mean the one your body naturally makes? or are you on inulin shots? cause thats different if you have a problem breaking doen sugar in your body and your having this kinda rection i would clall the doctor asap cause you never know what could be a sin of danger. either way dont eat the cereal for now not till you know whats going on .. hope this helps feel better!  Sounds like ringworm. I teach martial arts so I see it on a weekly basis.......unfortunately.  Try an electric Massager on the bottom of your foot and slowly up your calf works for me.  If you are purposely trying to lose weight by reducing food intake you may not be getting enough of the vitamins and healthy fats needed to keep your skin healthy and moist. Eating a low fat diet can contribute to dry, itchy, dull skin. I use Extra Virgin Olive Oil on my salads and a fish oil supplement to give my body the good fats it needs. You can use vitamin E topically to help with dry, itchy skin but you still need to ingest the healthy fats your body needs to function properly.  It's also important to remember that itching is part of a tattoo's healing process. Intense itching, like want to scratch your arm off itching. When the old skin dies and flakes off the new skin growth itches like crazy for a few days before settling down. Cool showers and your tattoo aftercare ointment gently massaged into the tattoo will help, but all in all the itching will pass after the tattoo is healed. Allergic reaction to the ink will look more like red speckles or spots all around your tattoo, unusual oozing, puss, or smelly discharge. You will know within hours of receiving your tattoo if you are allergic to the ink. Most tattoo pigments are completely organic and allergic reactions are rare - and most often to red ink. Never put a first aid product or anti-itch lotion onto an unhealed tattoo, you will first off be in a ton of pain and subsequently ruin your tattoo. - A Tattoo Artist.  I have psoriasis. I cannot see my back. But the symptoms sound the same. Sweating and getting hot increases it. Try a cool bath or shower with oatmeal soak. See a dermatologist.  I have been taking Percacet for neck and back pain, I am required periodically to have a urine test at the doctors office to verify that I am taking my meds. On 2 seperate times I have been taking one or two different kinds of anibiotics for an oral problem where my dentist opened my sinus passage when he pulled a tooth and my urinalisis came back negative for the percacet and I know I am taking the meds but now my doctor doesnt trust me but this has only happened when I have been on antibiotics. Can these perscription antibiotics be causing the negative result for the percacet? Thank you for any assistance you can give me. I am a 50 year old male, three major neck surgeries,degenerative bone disease in my lower back with a buldging disk, also on high blood pressure meds and water pill that makes me go to the bathroom approx 25 times a day, ropinarol for leg pain and amitriptaline to help sleep/depression...thank you.  Maybe you are allergic to the massage oil/cream that are causing the welts and irritations. As far as feeling fatigue and joint pain, that's what deep tissue massage does but then you should feel better within the next two days. If it's really severe fatigue and/or pain then the therapist is going at it too hard/deep for your condition.  Hair loss or baldness may or may not related to your family background and this may be due to many reasons like hormonal changes,serious illness, scalp infection and mental stress etc... Just check out if you had gone through any operations or serious illness. It is better to use natural products which may be a remedy for hair loss and itching also. If you have interest on the natural products better to choose products made of "Argan nuts" which are especially found in Moroccan Atlas Mountains. The oil's acidity and vitamins are essential for hair and assist in softening, nourishing and rehabilitating the hair. You can also find this nuts used for making of shampoo and conditioner which may give better result if three products used in an exact way.  I have almost the same thing, except i have splotches that are raised and itch, all over me, but seems to start at the arm. I read another place online a similar person had the same thing, and their Dr said that it was a new virus strain.  i know someone that was on heroin badly and he itched all the time but he never got them  I have itching around my waist. I have no rash, I wear depends. I had this before and I changed my detergent, my body wash to baby wash for sensitive skin. After having this itch for about a month it disappeared one morning that was 3 weeks ago It is back again. I am using cortisone cream but it is not working for very long. What else can I do. My medications are lasik, methimazole, and enalapril. Thank you.  This is a trickier question than it would appear to be, but I have went to Medical School in the past so having dry skin will cause you to itch like crazy, but what is causing it could be a sign of diabetes and you did the right thing getting blood tests done. The reason I say diabetes is not to upset or worry you, it might not even be that, it's just another test you should have to ensure your safety and well being. Depending on where you live can be a factor as far as what is making you itch all over. The thing that stands out to me is the creams, rx steroids, and rx pills didn't solve your problem so get tested for diabetes because it's a hereditary thing in families and even if your very healthy it's genetics that is beyond our control unfortunately so cross out everything that didn't work for you and the more you narrow it down the closer you will become in finding a cure for your symptoms. Never listen to anyone on here if they try to push medication on you even though it may come from a good person. That is only for your doctor to decide I hope this helped and you get well very soon!!!!!  I was diagnosed with HSV2 (genital herpes) last year andunless you have had intercourse or oral sex with someone who is a carrier of the herpes simplex virus (i.e. they had a cold sore or outbreak on their mouth and performed oral sex on you, or they had an outbreak of genital herpes and you had unprotected intercourse. It was at one point thought that the two virus strains would not interchange however studies are showing that one will carry to another just the same.), or are a known carrier for the herpes simplex virus either 1 or 2, it is a ridicously extreme long shot that you got genital herpes from a sunburn as there is no virus or fluid exchange involved. However if you are a carrier or have participated in sexual acts with a carrier the answer is yes you can have an outbreak of genital herpes in your upper leg area and anywhere around the genital area including your gluteus maximus (butt), and anal area as well as even going down your legs in an extreme outbreak. The best thing to do is to go to a doctor and get a proper diagnosis on the blister. I have found that just before I have an outbreak I will get some tenderness in the back of my upper leg just below my butt cheek on the side of my body that the outbreak is going to occur. This is usually followed by a few days of itching or a burning sensation where the outbreak is going to occur. The good news is that if you have contracted genital herpes there are many effective medications that you can take to control the outbreaks, unfortunately there is no cure at this time for either HSV1 or 2.  Also wanted to post a link to a photo (WARNING - it's the base of a penis) - http://imgur.com/NtF5fGq  all i can tell u that most discharge is normal after having your period. But if you have serious concerns then u should ask your doctor  all i can tell u that most discharge is normal after having your period. But if you have serious concerns then u should ask your doctor. srry if that isnt heplful  