When my ACL was torn it did not bother my foot unless i put pressure on it, most of the pain was in my knee.  I would practice breathing techniques to help me relax on a daily bases .  I have had no previous injuries  http://www.onhealth.com/knee_pain/page2.htm#what_injuries_can_cause_knee_pain_and_what_are_symptoms_how_is_knee_pain_with_injury_diagnosed_and_treated  A boatload of reasons could be responsible for balance problem. Among the reasons are some of the following: - infections, - low blood sugar, - low blood pressure, - vision disturbances, - medications, - T. I.A.'s or mini strokes, - irregular heartbeats, - tumors of the brain, - middle ear infections, - muscular or joint injuries, - even nutritional deficiencies, and many other reasons. It seems like you have eliminated the ear (one of the most notorious reasons for balance disturbance issues). If you do not feel that your knee is slipping out from under you, and you don't recall any trauma to the area, and being a year post knee surgery, that would also seem to eliminate the knee. I would start-out with your family doctor who may complete an interview of your health and symptoms, complete a physical examination, and order some blood work. These measures should eliminate some of the many possible causes of your distress. The final steps to reaching a diagnosis may require other testing and possibly being referred to medical specialist such as a neurologist, cardiologist, or eye doctor.  Side-effects do occur with Naproxen and are categorized as common, less common, & rare.Accoring to Drugs.com, . I would notify the prescriber to determine if a side-effect is in playing a role in your knee pain.  My wife has been diagnosed with Congestive Heart Failure (COPD), Cardiomyopathy, and Cardio Arrhythmia more than 15 years ago. She also has lung disease in the form of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), and Asthma. She has had a painful recovery from a full knee replacement surgery 8 months ago and periodically takes Tylenol to reduce inflammation, and control pain. Her cardiologist supports Tylenol as her OTC drug of choice. It is always a smart decision to discuss all over-the-counter medications with your physician before starting an OTC medication regimen. Many of these OTC treatments contain ingredients that may interact with other medications and/or be contraindicated for cardiac patients.  It is unlikely that your knee surgery has any relationship with your stiff neck. Stiff necks are most frequently a result of trauma in the form of moving suddenly in a jerky fashion. The stiff neck may also be caused by haphazard sleeping positions or maintaining a general poor posture. Treatment of a stiff neck may start with warm compresses, massage of the affected area with over the counter muscle creams and liquids, and the taking of analgesic medications. If your neck remains stiff and painful after 72 hours following the recommended treatment, a visit to your family doctor or the chiropractor is justified.  From the tone of your question, it appears that you suffer from intense back pain. Severe back pain can control your life and needs to be medically assessed. I suspect that you'll be disappointed with OTC medications to treat your back pain as they probably won't touch your pain. With that said, you may consider taking Ibuprofen. Ibuprofen is available OTC in a strength of 200 mg. Prescription strengths of Ibuprofen are available in 400 mg., 600 mg., and 800 mg. Therefore you could buy OTC Ibuprofen and take up to 4 pills to provide you with the maximum 800 mg. strength. This practice should only be considered to gain some short term relief (2-3 weeks max). It should also be noted that like most medications, Ibuprofen can have serious side effects and even cause stomach ulcers. It should be taken with a meal or milk and the daily dosage should not exceed 3200 mg. My suggestion is to see a pain management specialist who can prescribe something stronger and assess possible back damage and provide other treatment options. Physical therapy and biofeedback may also help or you may need a prescribed narcotic to obtain pain resolution.  I used a weight calculator program to arrive at the below listed daily numbers: To maintain your current weight- Calories: 1,767 Carbohydrate: (55%) 972 Protein: (15%) 265 Fat: (30%) 530 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- To Lose one (1) lb. per week Calories: 1,267 Carbohydrate: (55%) 697 Protein: (15%) 190 Fat: (30%) 380 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- To Gain one (1) lb. per week Calories: 2,267 Carbohydrate: (55%) 1,247 Protein: (15%) 340 Fat: (30%) 680 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please Note: ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Knee and hip replacements consisting of metal-on-metal may cause a condition called Metallosis . This side effect happens when rubbing of the metal implanted surfaces results in chromium and cobalt particles accumulating in the blood stream to toxic levels (some cobalt & chromium is normally found in the blood stream to carry-out routine cellular actions). The recommended treatment for Metallosis is a complete surgical revision (removing the implant and installing a new implant) of the knee or hip.   Many factors must be considered before starting your exercise program your overall health including cardiac and lung functioning to name a couple. Your knee replacement is also a relevant factor in determining exercise suitability. For example, my wife is being treated for congestive heart failure and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. She is also looking to lose some weight and had a full knee replacement done in June 2013. Her orthopedic surgeon recently ordered more physical therapy in response to knee pain and some range of motion limitations. After you are cleared medically, perhaps a licensed physical therapist could customize an exercise program that would address your knee replacement specifically. The up side of this plan is that your knee will be strengthened and your body as a whole will benefit. Additionally, the physical therapist will act as a cheerleader to support your exercise goals. Any exercise directed at the knee should be a justifiable as a billable treatment in the eyes of most insurance companies. My wife is riding a stationary bicycle, doing knee squats, has weights wrapped around her knee area while elevating the leg, and walking using the parallel bar platform. These exercise techniques can also be employed at home with the number of repetitions and endurance being gradually increased. Swimming is also a great exercise that should not have negative consequences in response to your knee replacement. These are my recommendations :( 1) Discuss your weight loss desire with your family doctor. Perhaps he or she will recommend a great diet to kick start your weight loss program and clear you medically for an exercise program,(2) phone your orthopedist and ask for a physical therapy referral to strengthen your knee,(3) call your medical insurance provider to find an approved physical therapy company in your living area. The process of losing weight after knee replacement is an obtainable goal through diet and exercise. Your success will probably be measured in small incremental steps. Remember, as a Chinese Proverb states, A long journey starts with the first step." Best wishes for your success.  Congratulations on arriving at 83 years of age & contemplating a combined hip and knee replacement. Based upon the infrequency of the joint knee and hip operations being combined, I would think that the number of responses to your question will be limited. Although, my age and medical history are somewhat dissimilar, I can share from my experiences of having a full knee replacement 10 months ago and a revision of that knee surgery earlier this week. Let me tell you about my medical profile. I am younger than you, but have had congestive heart failure, cardiomyopathy, cardio-arrhythmia, asthma, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease for at least 15 years. During both of my knee surgeries and a gallbladder removal operation during 2013,I had no in-surgery room complications or anesthesia problems. In order to be approved for my knee surgeries by the surgeon and hospital anesthesia department, I had not pass medical clearance testing consisting of an echo cardiogram, cardiac stress test, and an ultra sound of blood vessels in my neck. Additionally, I was required to have formal hard copy surgical clearances in written form from my family doctor and cardiologist. Depending on the parties involved, a pulmonologist may also be required to provide surgical clearance. I had to have in-range serum blood studies completed within 30 days of surgery. I was also required to have pre-surgery testing at the hospital during the week preceding the knee surgery. During my first knee surgery, I was also required to donate 1 unit of blood, 2x's, within 2 weeks of my surgery. I also was required by my surgeon to attend a 2 hour orientation to learn about the knee replacement procedure, the possible need for skilled nursing rehabilitation, required physical therapy, and the long term prognosis for success. My first knee surgery failed; my patella joint slipped from side-to- side and caused me great pain. With my knee revision surgery, the surgeon pretty much used some bone chips, bone dust, and glue to rebuild me a new knee. I owe him a lot and feel like I've been reborn. Everything that I have read shows that advanced aged individuals fair just as well as younger patients in both their survival rates, rehabilitation process, and overall satisfaction. Having both the hip and knee replaced at the same time means that you'll probably spend twice as long in surgery, need more inpatient hospital time, and more rehabilitation time. But because my 2nd knee surgery was a revision, I was also subjected to those same additional times. I did notice during my pre-surgery classes that a number of patients were scheduled to have both knees replaced at the same time. It did not seem like an out of the ordinary occurrence and will also require more time to complete. I have had neighbors and friends in their 80's who had knee surgery and were highly satisfied. My personal feeling is that you should become emotionally prepared and be aware that there are no guarantees of success. But trust me, if you are able to pass all of the required pre-surgical testing, you'll come out of surgery in good condition. The hospitals and doctors will not take a chance on performing these surgeries on a risky candidate. Your biggest concern post surgery should be what cruise and fun activities should I explore first. My anecdotal accountings from other people who had both surgeries ( not at the same time ) have been favorable. Physical limitations, depression, and fatigue without the surgeries are common. With the surgery, you stand a very good chance of eliminating those conditions and replacing them with feelings of joy. Best wishes on your decision and may you enjoy many days of rich happiness.  Congratulations on arriving at 83 years of age & contemplating a combined hip and knee replacement. Based upon the infrequency of the joint knee and hip operations being combined, I would think that the number of responses to your question will be limited. Although, my age and medical history are somewhat dissimilar, I can share from my experiences of having a full knee replacement 10 months ago and a revision of that knee surgery earlier this week. Let me tell you about my medical profile. I am younger than you, but have had congestive heart failure, cardiomyopathy, cardio-arrhythmia, asthma, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease for at least 15 years. During both of my knee surgeries and a gallbladder removal operation during 2013,I had no in-surgery room complications or anesthesia problems. In order to be approved for my knee surgeries by the surgeon and hospital anesthesia department, I had not pass medical clearance testing consisting of an echo cardiogram, cardiac stress test, and an ultra sound of blood vessels in my neck. Additionally, I was required to have formal hard copy surgical clearances in written form from my family doctor and cardiologist. Depending on the parties involved, a pulmonologist may also be required to provide surgical clearance. I had to have in-range serum blood studies completed within 30 days of surgery. I was also required to have pre-surgery testing at the hospital during the week preceding the knee surgery. During my first knee surgery, I was also required to donate 1 unit of blood, 2x's, within 2 weeks of my surgery. I also was required by my surgeon to attend a 2 hour orientation to learn about the knee replacement procedure, the possible need for skilled nursing rehabilitation, required physical therapy, and the long term prognosis for success. My first knee surgery failed; my patella joint slipped from side-to- side and caused me great pain. With my knee revision surgery, the surgeon pretty much used some bone chips, bone dust, and glue to rebuild me a new knee. I owe him a lot and feel like I've been reborn. Everything that I have read shows that advanced aged individuals fair just as well as younger patients in both their survival rates, rehabilitation process, and overall satisfaction. Having both the hip and knee replaced at the same time means that you'll probably spend twice as long in surgery, need more inpatient hospital time, and more rehabilitation time. But because my 2nd knee surgery was a revision, I was also subjected to those same additional times. I did notice during my pre-surgery classes that a number of patients were scheduled to have both knees replaced at the same time. It did not seem like an out of the ordinary occurrence and will also require more time to complete. I have had neighbors and friends in their 80's who had knee surgery and were highly satisfied. My personal feeling is that you should become emotionally prepared and be aware that there are no guarantees of success. But trust me, if you are able to pass all of the required pre-surgical testing, you'll come out of surgery in good condition. The hospitals and doctors will not take a chance on performing these surgeries on a risky candidate. Your biggest concern post surgery should be what cruise and fun activities should I explore first. My anecdotal accountings from other people who had both surgeries ( not at the same time ) have been favorable. Physical limitations, depression, and fatigue without the surgeries are common. With the surgery, you stand a very good chance of eliminating those conditions and replacing them with feelings of joy. Best wishes on your decision and may you enjoy many days of rich happiness.  I'm sorry that you did not receive an appropriate response to your original question. Here is some information that you may find helpful. It is a safe bet that the knee damage did not occur during the actual surgical procedure.Patellar fractures occur most frequently after a blow to the knee occurs such as a fall. While complications from total hip replacement do not typically include knee breakage, I believe that it is possible. Many internet forum discussion responders claim that they experienced intense knee pain after their THR Surgery ( I did not see any reports of knee breakage). Some posters reported thigh problems after THR surgery. It should be noted that blood may collect in the lower extremities like the knee and ankle after THR and results in pain. Atrophy of the quadriceps muscle can also happen if exercise programs aimed at strengthening are not started in a timely manner. Femur fractures are a possible complication with THR as the thigh muscles can contract so violently that it pulls the patella apart. My conclusion: The hip, femur, and knee all work together. So it reasonable to conclude that some THR complication caused the knee damage. Additionally, your wife would surely know if she experienced a violent traumatic event to her knee. But since most knee breakage is a result of trauma such as experienced in a fall, it will be difficult to attribute the knee damage to the THR Surgery. I hope that your wife will feel well soon.  Perhaps the computer was acting up while you typed your question.Here is my understanding of your question. If I misunderstood any details, please resubmit another question in a clear manner. I will attempt to paraphrase some of the points that you made and make respectful recommendations as follows: It sounds like you may have had one knee either repaired / replaced through a particular physician. You were either scheduled for, or had your second knee repaired / replaced by another surgeon. Now this 2nd doctor will not see you. Most doctors are self-employed and licensed in a certain state to provide medical services. This is their business and they can determine the extent of treatment and the type of patients that that they will see in their practice. Some doctors will only see babies and not cardiac patients. Some may not accept Medicare reimbursement. They are allowed to run their business in this manner. It is probably best to seek out another doctor to resolve your knee condition. Talk to friends and neighbors who may refer you to a suitable doctor. Do not talk poorly about your past doctor with a new doctor. They may feel like they could be next on your list of disliked doctors. Never discuss possible medical malpractice with your doctor. Medical malpractice is a serious allegation and must be supported with real evidence. It should only be part of a discussion with an attorney if permanent harm has occurred. Otherwise, you may be cited for making slanderous statements that have adversely affected the doctor's business and medical reputation.  My husband and I have had trouble with leg cramps especially at night and we have found that taking a teaspoon of regular, yellow mustard stops the cramping immediately, and it does not return. My husband has actually started taking the mustard before going to bed to avoid being awakened by the cramping. He says this helps him.  There is a chance that the ganglion may have returned. It might be a good idea to have your knee evaluated again. Sometimes a Baker's Cyst can become large and track down the calf and cause pain. An MRI would show this if that was the case.  There are not any supplement that have been shown to reliably treat tendonitis. There are braces, NSAIDS, topical anti-inflammatories, physical therapy, and PRP (platelet rich plasma) injections that have been shown to work.  Even though I could walk, even after falling? What are the possible injuries?  I had total knee surgery twice. First the left knee and then the right. My doctor gave me the correct excersizes to do thank heavens. In comparison to some other people I had spoken with, what I did was right. I had the physical therapist come to the house for the first time. And you ..... MUST DO THESE EXCERCISES TWICE A DAY WHETHER YOU FEEL LIKE IT OR NOT!!!!!!! . 30 minutes before you start excercizing you take your pain pill. Then lay flat and start leg raises one leg at a time. Keep stiff leg and work to get that leg as high up as you can. Then do peddling a bicycle with the little 2 foot high bike you can get at a medical store to rent. Or maybe you can do that laying down and peddle like a bike with both legs. Try it. Don't baby yourself!! .I was given a long strip of plastic, like a strip of inertube, and you put that under the ball of your foot of the affected knee, sit straight up and pull it tight with both hands and press down like you are stepping on a gas pedal in the car.Keep your leg straight and the rubber tight. Eventually you will have to lift some sort of weight with your leg.Sit in a chair and tie something to your ankle, like a can of something heavy in something you can put around the ankle to hold it as the weight.RrAISE SLOWLY, RELEASE SLOWLY, RAISE SLOWLY, RELEASE SLOWLY. These are some of the excersizes I did. But, when you are done doing all of these, put an ice bag on the knee for about 20 minutes. Rest. YOU MUST UNDERSTAND, IF YOU DO NOT DO THE EXERCIZES YOUR DOCTOR GAVE YOU..YOU WILL END UP LIKE YOU ARE. By this time you should be well on the way to no pain and swelling. The ice bag after therapy is probably the answer for you. But going to therapy out of the house will stop you from taking you pain pill before you start, I would guess. Just that little help to ease the pain will make you work harder. You might do better doing all your therapy at home using the pain pill and ice packs. I hope this might help you. You didn't state what you therapy involved . Then you progress from 2 crutches to one crutch on the opposite side of the bad knee. From that you go to a cane. NO WALKER>  There are promising new treatments that are being developed using stem cells to stimulate cartiledge growth. Your orthopedic surgeon is focused on surgery, so he probably won't mention this and may not know about it. After having one successful knee replacement (arthritis) I'm biding my time till this treatment becomes available for the other knee.  As per your query it seems you are having a severe back pain. And I can understand that you are feeling very seek and also feel trouble to do your household works. So, I would love to tell you that you can have Soma 350 mg for back pain relief as it is very fast and effective muscle pain relief medicine. And it is easily available to online pharmacies like: Meds247online. So, you may have it as soon as possible to get relief.  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  The reason that you might be experiencing soreness in your knees could be due to a variety of different reasons. I would first see how your body responds to doing other exercise that may be a little lower impact, such as: walking, swimming, kayaking, water aerobics, using the elliptical, rowing, stair climbing, Yoga, or some strength training exercises. You can determine if the problem is specific to the type of exercise that youre doing this way. You might just be doing too much too soon with jogging. Try dialing back your current jogging routine by building in more days of rest in between exercise sessions, spending less time per session, or jogging at a slower pace. You could also try experimenting by adding interval training into your routine, where you incorporate intermittent bouts of jogging into your walking routine. Lastly, try experimenting with different ground surfaces if youre jogging outside; the grass or a dirt path might provide less impact than concrete. Also, it might be worthwhile to invest in good pair of running shoes as well. If your pain/soreness persists in spite of making some of these changes, then I would suggest meeting with a doctor/specialist and discontinuing jogging until you can find out what's causing this.  This could be casued by a lack of potassium. Bananas are a good source!  Tell more info on this. My husband has had 3 replacements. 1st was the old way. 2nd good and 3rd good. The left knee is with the way the do it now. They did the right one going down shaft of leg which got loses. Can't take it out just did the knee. It is ok but his left one is great. Wouldn't change that. Pad change in 10 yrs.  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Painful knees are no fun! This is something you should have evaluated by a health care provider. You can start with your primary care provider. While it's possible you simply have some arthritis or some inflammation related to doing chores on your knees, it's also possible you injured your knee. Your symptoms could be caused by a variety of knee injuries, including a dislocated kneecap. Ouch! The mere fact that you're having severe inflammation, shooting pains, and burning/stinging sensations indicate you need a physical examination by a health care professional. He or she may want to order some tests, such as X-ray or MRI, to help figure out what's going on. I wish you all the best in getting bck on your feet (literally!).  You should have a pre-op appointment with your surgeon's nurse (or physician assistant) and/or a nurse at the facility where your knee replacement will occur. These nurses should answer all your questions about pre-operative medication regimens, whether or not to take Lantus the day of your surgery, when to stop eating before surgery, and so on. In general, people with blood sugar problems can experience longer healing times. I'd recommend asking your surgeon (or his/her nurse or physician assistant) what to expect, in terms of possible problems healing. Because your A1C is good, you may not experience any problems, at all. Be sure to follow all your surgeon's printed instructions for post-op care of the wound. I suggest you write down all your questions for the pre-op appointment. Be sure you receive printed instructions for before and after the surgery. If any of your questions aren't answered in advance, feel free to call your surgeon's office for clarification. Hope this helps!  I wish I could explain this, but it's impossible to know what happened without knowing the specifics involved. Percocet (generic name: oxycodone-APAP) is an oral tablet taken by swallowing. Usually, post-surgical pain is treated with intravenous (IV) medication, not pills. It's possible your post-surgical blood pressure issues had nothing to do with the percocet. Normally, low blood pressure in the recovery room is treated with IV fluids. I don't know what "reversal drug" you were given for the percocet. I'm going to assume you received naloxone (brand name: Narcan). I don't know why this would cause you to feel as if you were having a heart attack. I could speculate, but that would be of no use. If you are truly concerned about this, I advise taking it up with the surgeon who performed your knee replacement surgery. He should have access to the anesthesia and nursing records that show exactly what medications you were given, the times they were given, and the dosages you received. Perhaps your surgeon could shed some light on what happened. Wishing you well!  I'm very sorry you're going through this. Unbearable pain needs to be addressed because it affects a person's entire life. If you've been taking the medication for a couple of weeks or more and still have this excruciating pain, then it's time to revisit the doctor to let him or her know the medication isn't helping. Of the medications you listed, only the Lyrica (generic name: pregabalin) is prescribed for pain. If it is not helping, you should talk with your doctor about what other options are available for treatment. I hope you get relief soon!  I'm sorry you're going through this, but I doubt it has anything to do with your blood transfusions. Just to be clear: eczema is not something that can be transmitted through an exchange of blood. Eczema is not contagious. So you can rule out that theory. I suggest you seek a medical opinion about the cause of the scaly, itchy skin on your leg. It could, indeed, be eczema. But it might be something else altogether. A medical professional can not only diagnose the problem but also prescribe an appropriate treatment. Wishing you well!  I think you're wise to get a second opinion. Whether or not the X-rays look "fine," the truth is you're symptomatic. You deserve to learn why you're having problems. The main reason I wanted to respond, though, is to suggest you take your temperature. If you have a fever, I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider for some blood work. A fever can be a sign of infection, and infection of a prosthetic knee is always a possibility. If you do have an infection, you'd want to get that treated as soon as possible. While you're waiting for your appointment with the second doctor, I'd suggest you use an assistive device to help stabilize your balance so you don't fall. Either a 4-point cane or a walker would be ideal. The last thing you want is to sustain an injury before you get your knee problem figured out. Wishing you all the best and hoping you feel better soon!  Well, that's hard to say. The answer could depend on many factors, including your age and whether or not you've had any knee injuries. In general, it's not unusual for our knees to squeak, pop, creak and crackle when we walk or squat down. These sounds can be caused by a variety of things, including simple wear-and-tear to the cartilage within the knee joint or . As long as the squeaking isn't accompanied by pain, the sound probably doesn't mean anything. If you start to have pain associated with your noisy knees, then it would be a good idea to get it checked out. You can help keep your knees healthy by following these . As always, if you're concerned about whether or not there's something wrong with your knees, don't hesitate to make an appointment with your primary care provider. Good luck!  I'd suggest you see a doctor about this. You can start with your primary care provider, and he or she will refer you to an orthopedic doctor if necessary. You don't say exactly what kind of surgery you had in 2009. I'm thinking it was an arthroscopy to remove pieces of the meniscus. If this is the case, and you're experiencing new or worsening symptoms, you'd be well served to see a health care provider. I wouldn't necessarily recommend wearing a knee brace. You could reduce your range of motion and have a hard time getting it back. The only way to truly solve this problem is to get an examination by a health care provider. He or she can discuss with you all the various options, from physical therapy to surgery, that can help solve your knee problem. Good luck!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It must be frustrating to go through a major surgery and then continue to experience pain issues. If your orthopedic surgeon suggested you get a second opinion, I'd advise you to do just that. It's possible a different surgeon with different experience in joint replacement will be able to identify the source of your pain and treat it. A number of conditions could cause the pain you describe. If you have a fever (101F), nausea, or feeling like you might be coming down with the flu, I'd suggest you call your orthopedist as soon as possible, as these may be signs of an infection. Otherwise, I'd suggest you get that second opinion. I hope you find relief soon!  You should get medical attention for your brother as soon as possible. These symptoms could relate to a variety of ailments, and only a health care professional doing a physical examination can give you a diagnosis. Any time a person's symptoms get worse or change suddenly, it's worth a trip to the doctor's office. In your brother's case, this is especially true because his symptoms are causing him to be unable to walk. I don't want to alarm you, but I urge you to seek medical attention for your brother as soon as possible. Best wishes to you both!  What you're describing (cottage cheese/bumps) is called . That cottage cheese appearance is harmless and basically is caused by highly enlarged fat cells very near the surface of the skin. While there's no cure for cellulite (despite the many preparations, creams, and techniques touted to "rid you of cellulite forever!"), in general the appearance of these fats cells diminishes as you lose weight. Your best bet to fight cellulite is to lose weight by eating a healthy, balanced diet in the right proportions and to get some exercise. You can start off easy, but simply walking for 10 minutes a day. Gradually increase the time and intensity of your workout, and you'll see the pounds melt away -- along with the appearance of that cellulite. Check out for tips and advice from experts and your peers to help you lose weight in a healthy way and keep it off for good! All the best to you!  Sorry you're experiencing this. Do you know what is causing the swelling? For instance, did you injure your knee in some way? Or did it suddenly just balloon up? Do you have a prosthetic knee (knee replacement)? The reason I ask is because any of those things could cause swelling, and the treatment might be different for each cause. You're doing the right thing by elevating your knee. The ice is probably OK if you think the swelling is due to an injury. Otherwise, the ice is probably useless. And, at that, ice generally is only indicated for a few days post-injury. If this is a chronic problem (you've had it happen before) or if it doesn't clear up within a few days, or if the swelling is accompanied by redness and heat in the joint plus a fever, then I'd suggest you seek medical attention. Hope this helps and you feel better soon!  I'm sorry you're going through this. Pain issues can negatively impact a person's quality of life, and in your case you've had to reduce your running because of it. If it's been a year since you last saw the doctor about this, it's time to go back. For one thing, you now have additional symptoms in the knee and heel. For another thing, even if the pain were confined to your hip, the fact it has not gotten better over the course of a year means you deserve to have it re-checked. Many conditions can cause the pains you've described. Anything from to worn cartilage in the joints to could be the culprit. If you don't feel your doctor did an adequate job in diagnosing your condition, feel free to get another opinion. I wish you all the best!  Your symptoms definitely warrant a visit to the doctor. You might consider seeing either the orthopedic surgeon who performed your knee replacement or your primary care provider. Things can and do go wrong with joint replacements of all types. Pieces can break, or it's possible for them to become infected. If you experience a fever, redness and heat at the joint, and continuing pain, I'd suggest you seek immediate medical attention. Hopefully, it will turn out that the pain in your knee is due to a muscle strain or overuse. Only a health care provider can diagnose this, so you might consider making an appointment soon. Best wishes to you!  A can, indeed, be removed by surgery. In fact, that's a typical "last resort" step after drainage and steroids haven't solved the problem. A Baker's cyst is a fluid-filled sac behind the knee joint. That's why all of your pain is behind your knee, rather than in your joint proper. As to why your physician is recommending a knee replacement, that's a good question. I'd ask him or her. Sometimes, an underlying condition like arthritis can cause a Baker's cyst to develop. If that's the case in your situation, it could be one reason why your doctor would mention a knee replacement, as opposed to simply removing the cyst. I'm only mentioning this for informational purposes, not in an attempt to read your doctor's mind. I'd suggest you go back to your doctor and find out why he or she is recommending a knee replacement. You may want to consult a surgeon, as well, to get his or her opinion about what the best treatment option is for you. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. I wouldn't be too quick to self-diagnose osteoarthritis. Your knee pain could be caused by a number of conditions other than arthritis. The very fact your sport involves a lot of knee twisting would lead me to suspect injury as a likely culprit for your pain issues. I'd suggest you have your knee checked out by a medical professional to get a diagnosis. Once you know for sure what you're dealing with, then you can work with your health care provider on a treatment plan that enables you to continue with your sport. One thing I want to add is this: Be careful about taking non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications (NSAIDS) like aspirin, ibuprofen, or naproxyn for your pain. These medications have blood-thinning properties, which can increase bleeding and swelling from injuries you sustain in your sport. I wish you all the best!  Probably not. The area you're describing, the back of the thigh, consists of a trio of muscles we call "the ." What you're describing sounds like a common spasm or cramp of the hamstring. This can happen for various reasons -- or no reason at all. The hamstring would be an uncommon place for a to arise, particularly in the absence of any other contributing factors (such as recent joint replacement surgery). Muscle cramps, in general, can signal dehydration or even a mild potassium deficiency, so you could try drinking more water or eating a banana (assuming your not allergic) to see if that helps the situation. If the cramping doesn't clear up on its own, you certainly can put a call in to your primary health care provider for an appointment to have this evaluated. Hope this helps!  You need to get this checked out by a medical professional as soon as possible. The symptoms you describe could be due to an infection or a blood clot, and both of these need to be treated quickly. Either call your doctor's office and explain to them what's going on so they can get you an appointment soon, or go to an urgent care facility. I'm hoping the underlying cause of your symptoms is nothing serious, but please don't delay getting this checked out. All the best to you!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It's annoying when our joints don't work correctly! You may be spot on when you say your knee joint feels like it's full of fluid. That could be exactly what's going on. Many things can cause the knee joint to temporarily fill up with fluid. As long as you have no signs of a deep vein thrombosis (DVT), such as heat, pain and angry redness to the calf area, you probably can take a wait-and-see attitude. If the pressure and stiffness in your knee is accompanied by a "lump" on the back of your knee (where the leg bends), you could have a This type of cyst can be caused by osteoarthritis or an injury. A Baker's cyst can be easily diagnosed by MRI, though some medical professionals can tell simply with a physical examination. These cysts often are easy to feel. Since you don't have a fever, you can be relatively assured there's no infection process going on. If resting and elevating the knee don't cause the pressure to go away, you should consider a visit to your primary care provider for an evaluation. Wishing you well!  Good question. A few ideas come to mind. ? Stage fright? ? Even if you've never experienced these before, they can come on suddenly and without warning. Did these symptoms occur when you were doing something in front of the class? If so, my guess would be you experienced an episode of anxiety. If you weren't performing in front of the class, then perhaps you had a bout of low blood sugar (hypoglycemia). Even though you say you ate breakfast, the quality of the breakfast can influence your glucose levels. For example, if you ate only pancakes and syrup, you certainly could experience a dip in your sugars. If you ate some protein along with some whole grains, then it would be less likely you experienced a dip in blood sugar. If you are otherwise healthy and this has never happened before, there's probably no need to have it checked out. We all experience occasional bouts of panic or hypoglycemia. If it happens again or begins happening frequently, then you should make an appointment to see a health care provider for an evaluation. Good for you for maintaining your hydration. It's very important to overall good health!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through that. Leg pain can be so uncomfortable! It's hard to tell exactly what's going on without a physical examination, but my best guess would be . This annoying condition can affect people who jog for exercise, but they also can hit people who just once ran to catch a cab or something. If the problem is shin splints, the best advice is not to perform the activity that causes the pain. So, if this is occuring because you're walking fast for exercise, try slowing down your pace. If it just occurred randomly from a single activity (like catching that cab), then probably just resting the leg will allow for healing. There are more tips at the link above. Hope you feel better soon!  I'm sorry you've had a bad experience with the emergency department. Usually, don't require emergency treatment, so there was no harm in your trying to treat this at home. However, the fact you're now experiencing scrotal (swelling of the scrotum) tells me the problem has escalated and you should seek medical attention. If you have red streaks on the skin around the area of the boil, or if you're running a fever, you should see a doctor as soon as possible. If you're not feverish, you could try calling your primary care provider to get an appointment soon. Be sure to let them know what's going on, so they can advise you if it's OK to wait. Hope you get this cleared up soon!  I'm glad to hear you're under the care of a physician who is watching this carefully. Any joint replacement carries a risk of infection. It sounds like your doctor has things under control. In general, an elevated SED rate indicates inflammation somewhere within the body. An elevated SED rate alone would not be enough to say your prosthetic knee is infected. Cloudy, bloody drainage does not necessarily indicate infection. Presumably, your doctor will culture the drainage (which can take several days or even weeks) to see if any bacteria "grow out." If there are bacteria in the drainage, the culture will identify the strain so your doctor can treat the infection. I think instead of worrying or "being concerned," you should be proactive about monitoring your symptoms. Get a thermometer and take your temperature every day at the same time (not when you first wake up in the morning). You can expect some variation, but if you start running a fever over 101F, then it's time to call your doctor. If you don't get a same-day call back, call again before the office closes. Also be alert for other symptoms of infection, such as loss of appetite, feeling weak and general malaise (feeling like you are getting the flu, for example). If these symptoms develop, call your doctor. I hope your knee problem turns out to be something very simple. Wishing you well!  Any knee brace is designed to provide support to the joint, so it should fit a little snugly. However, if it's too tight it can cut off circulation to the leg, which of course is not good. Some warning signs that may indicate your knee brace is too tight: Reddening of the lower leg (compare the color to the opposite leg) Purple toes or toenail beds Swelling of the lower leg or foot Numbness or tingling of the lower leg or foot Pins-and-needles feeling in the lower limb If you're experiencing any of those things, you need to loosen your knee brace slightly. Hope this helps! Stay safe.  Good for you for persevering! Navigating the health care system can be daunting, but you are hanging in there until you get some answers. Obviously, I can't diagnose what's going on with you and, frankly, wouldn't hazard a guess at this point. It's possible all of your symptoms are related, but it's equally possible they're all coincidental. Or related to something else entirely. Some conditions literally take years to reveal themselves enough for diagnosis. Some examples (but I want to make clear I am NOT suggesting any of these apply to you): lupus, gastroparesis, fibromyalgia. This process could be what you're experiencing. If all of your symptoms are related to a single disorder, perhaps that disorder is manifesting itself very slowly. By not giving up and continuing to seek care for your ailments, you may be helping yourself down to the road to diagnosis. I wish you all the best in finding out what is causing these perplexing problems!  Well, this is an excellent question for the medical provider who ordered the X-ray. If the X-ray confirmed a fracture of the patella (kneecap), then your health care provider should have given you care and/or treatment instructions. Unfortunately, this isn't a question we can answer in a forum like this. Your health care provider will outline all of your treatment options (perhaps including surgery) and you, as an informed patient, will ask about the risks and benefits of each option in order to make a decision that works for you. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear this elderly lady is going through this. She otherwise sounds like she's in very good shape! I suggest you start with a trip to her primary care provider. That's usually the best starting point because the PCP has all of this lady's health history and can get her on the path to see the correct specialist, if necessary. Of course, it's impossible to say what's causing this leg swelling without doing a physical examination. If I had to guess, I'd say it's probably some sort of venous stasis problem. This could also be the reason for the small ulcer on her leg. Venous stasis problems (in which blood pools in the legs) is very common in older adults. It's important to get this lady in to see her PCP as soon as possible. Those little leg ulcers can blow up into ugly sores rather quickly, so it would be wise to have it looked at. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're experiencing this. It sounds very unpleasant! I'd suggest you get checked out by a health care provider as soon as you can. The symptoms you describe can be caused by a variety of conditions, some of them more serious than others. I'm not suggesting you're experiencing an emergency, but I'd recommend you get this checked out sooner rather than later. If your calf or thigh hurts to touch and is hot, red, or swollen, this could be the sign of a , and you should seek immediate medical attention. Feel better!  I have similar issues with my right knee, too, but not to the extent that you have.  If you're overweight it could be too much weight put on your knee. It happens to me all the time. Otherwise, I have no idea. Ask your doctor.  I have recently had my knee replaced because it was bone on bone. I wish I would have had it done long ago as apposed to waiting as long as I did. I'm pain free at this point.  I haven't fallen and hurt my legs at time in the last few months.  No I've never had that problem.  It really depends on where you were when you recieved the bites. If you were in the grass, I would say this sounded like chiggers which are tiny little grass dwelling bugs that bite you and cause an itchy rash. If not, you could be allergic to the bite of whatever it was. Or you could even have scratched and caused a skin irritation from that. It's hard to tell exactly without further information. I would possibly suggest an over the counter hydrocortizone cream,aloe vera gel, or a good lotion and see if that helps.  Tonya,  Shin splints is my guess. Tell the coach for tips and go to the doctor. If they get too bad he might need to stop running for a bit. He ll more then likely have to do a bunch or tests and might need to go to physio or an orthopedic doctor for insoles. Depends on what it really is.  I had the osteotomy 10 years ago, was the worst surgery ever and I have had a lot of surgeries! I thought for sure they had amputated my leg. I am now having a total knee replacement done next month because on am bone on bone and the arthritis is horrible, I can barely hobble around. I have had a partial knee replacement on the other leg and it was a huge success. Also I had major back surgery 11 months ago and the limping about with my knee has hindered my recovery with the my back. This surgery will be much longer than normal because of the removal of steel plates and screws. I would recommend the total knee replacement, stay away from osteotomy, wish I had better options for me all those years ago. Good Luck!  Could be Fibromyalgia. There are medications for this. I have it myself and know the pain very well. Please see your Dr soon!  You should see a Dermatologist as soon as you can. It could be a skin cancer and can often be removed in the doctor's office. First step, see a Dermatologist  Before rising to a standing position, try stretching your leg out a few times before standing on it. You may be sitting a bit longer than you think if you are busy and lose track of time and the stiffness is due to sitting in one position with lack of motion. The entire time you are sitting, do leg stretching by simply moving your legs out straight while you are sitting at a desk or in a chair. If this worsens, and you find you can't walk at all for several minutes after sitting for short periods of time, you should consult your physician  A viral infection should not cause knee pain and stiffness. Does he have pain in any other joints? If not, he should see an ortopaedic MD and have it looked at. He should try to excercise as often as he can, by walking. He certainly should not try running as running puts a lot of strain on the knees and the joints of the knees. His knee caps may "look" ok, but just looking at them isn't enough to tell if he has something more serious, possibly needing in the future knee replacement. He should try taking aleve or some otc medication, walk as much as he can and consult his physician  You need to see a physician about this IMMEDIATELY.  Write down all your concerns with both and take to your doctor. Make sure he or she takes the time to carefully explain the pros and cons of each. Ask lots of questions. When you go, be prepared, (that's why I suggested writing it down), it is so easy to think of them when you are home then when you are in the exam room, you will often forget to ask something you really wanted to know. No matter how rushed the doctor seems to be, take your time and make him or her take their time with explaining it all to you. It is a big step and a big decision and you want to do what is best for you  Start taking low dose asprin daily. If you know you already have them, you may want to take 2. If the clots go to ur heart or brain without breaking down, it can be fatal.  I have the same problem. I've found that getting an orthotic for your shoes will help with the foot pain, and before my shift starts, I usually take a couple of either Aleve, or some other type of pain relief. That tends to keep the pain level down & I'm not as stiff when I'm done with my shift.  I'ts not uncommon. I myself stopped growing at age 14 to have been 5'11 ever since. Growth spurts affect everyone differently it can take long or be over in a bit. No need to worry about it.  The best I way I have found is to use refreezable cold packs, but nothing is 100%. When using the cold packs, I use an ace bandage between the skin and the pack and then over the packs to give compression to the cold pack. This is the most helpful way for me. I am also very active, and using the ace bandages allows me to get up an walk around with them on if I need or want to. After the cold packs, I sometimes will use a hot bath or heating pad for a short time and then stretch and flex the knee to protect range of motion.  As a follow-up, my thyroid tests have all come back find. I'm scheduled to visit an endocrinologist in two weeks, and think that maybe another hormone imbalance may be to blame for all of my symptoms, which include - Hair loss (all over for about ten years, but mostly on the top of my head, said to be female pattern baldness, which I don't buy) Migraines (have had for twenty years) Knee pain in my right knee (MRI shows nothing, was told I'm just chubby and getting older) A fleshy-feeling lump in my throat (barium test showed nothing) Several yeast infections in the past year, plus a UTI Blurred vision at times Trouble concentrating Trouble losing weight (I went from doing nothing to exercising five hours a week and lost only 3 pounds in six weeks) Anxiety attacks (worse recently, but have had them for about 10 years) More recently (in the past couple of weeks, I've been now noticing - Itchy skin (mostly at night, in the scalp, back, feet, arms, legs and groin, pretty unbearable) Heart palpitations Hand tremors Light-headedness/dizziness, mostly after standing, but not always I've had so many tests, but the only hormone tests I've had are for my thyroid, all of which came back normal. I'm a 35-year-old woman and have had one pregnancy (and hope to have another one once I figure this all out). These things are really consuming my life and I really feel as though the doctors are trying to play everything off as coincidence, but I just know there's something wrong. If anyone has any advice or ideas on what might be going on, I would greatly appreciate the comments. I'm just at the end of my rope and don't know where to go from here if the endocrinologist doesn't find anything. Please help! Jackie  Have you mentioned this to your doctor? You should mention it to them.  Elizabeth at this point I would suggest you speak to your family doctor if you have one to be referred to an orthopedic doctor or an orthopedic surgeon. They would be the best person to evaluate and deal with your condition. When you are at the point where you are "popping" the joint out of place or your nerve is "pinched". When we get injuries to our hips we tend to limp,change the way we walk. That can throw the body off balance, causing back,knee or ankle pain. So speak to your doctor soon. Good luck to you, I hope you get relief to your problem  Maybe He/She's Had The Tummy Flu!  I suggest you contact your local State Health Insurance Assistance Program to gain a better understanding of the Medicare "red tape" you're referring to and what you can do to move forward with treatment, if appropriate. Find your local program by visiting the Medicare.gov Medicare Helpful Contacts page or by calling 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227).  Possible Neuropathy in Hands and joints. You should be checked by a Specialist to get the right diganosis. I had terrible buring in my toes and feet, I am not Diabetic but have Severe Nerve Damage to my Spinal Nerves and Spina Biffida Occulta. After seeing a Specialist, I was diaganosed with Neuropathy of Both legs and Feet caused by Nerve Damage and Chronic Sciatic.  A blood test can check for antibodies to the chickenpox virus (varicella virus). The presence of antibodies means you've had chickenpox or have been vaccinated for chickenpox in the past.  It would be best to discuss this with your primary orthopedics doctor. Given your medical history of knee problems and procedures it may be helpful to get a second opinion from another orthopedics doctor. Having copies of your previous MRI reports and medical records that you can share with the doctor would also be helpful.  You could have a Meniscus Tear/Inflammation. This happened to me a while back. My treatment was cortisone shots every couple of weeks until the inflammation died down. If it is very painful and chronic you can get an operation to fix it; this is assuming that is the issue.  I had a total knee replacement in March of 2010 and I too, had some swelling it will go away with lots of Physical therapy, exercise and lots of ice.  Do you feel like its on the ligament itself or somewhere on the bone. I had a similar incident and when it was x-rayed it came up as an abnormality, BUT they sent for CT scan and found that it was calcium build up. When you injure a part of your body, blood flows to that area and calcium tends to build up at the site.  At your age darlin, I would say NO. Have your parents take you to a foot specialist and possibly have special orthopedic shoes made. Good luck!~ God Bless  There are many things that can cause swelling below the knee, known as edema. It is usually a result of fluid retention, and can be caused by several different health conditions. Cyclosporine has been associated with causing edema in less than 2% of the people that take it. I suggest you contact the prescriber and notify him/her of your father's swelling. They can tell you how best to handle it, considering his past medical history.  First, check with his physicians who have been treating him since February and get their OK to start exercising. Also ask the docter who is treating his heart if he has any restrictions on lifts/exercises that use his arms or chest. Generally, patients are not allowed to lift more than 5 pounds after pacemaker insertion for the first several weeks. Also, when you talk to his physicians ask about physical therapy or cardiac rehab. Due to his extensive list of injuries and illnesses in the past few months a medically managed program might be a better option than home exercise. I have pasted some links below that describe what cardiac rehab consists of: http:// http:// After you have gotten all of his physicians clearance to start exercising, begin with just a few exercises and increase the time he exercises slowly. For example, 1. 3 times a day have him walk for five minutes around the house. If he is having balance issues make sure he uses a cane or walker (if one has been prescribed). If not walk with him and give assistance as needed. 2. 1 time a day, do the sit to stand exercise. Have him sit in a chair and stand up, then sit back down. To increase the intensity you can choose a chair that siits lower to the ground or have him not use his arms. If getting out of a chair is a problem, decrease the depth by placing a couple of telephone books in the seat of the chair. 3.1 time a day, do a hip flexion exercise. Sitting in a chair, have him lift his knee and thigh upward about 6 inches. To increase the intensity put a handweight or heavy item on his thigh. 4. Start the sit to stands and hip flexion exercise with 1 set of 5 repetitions and slowly increase both to 3 sets of 10 repetitons. Meaning have him perform 10 repetitions, rest, then perform 10 more, then rest again, and perform 10 more. I know this doesn't sound like much but it's a great place to start. The walking will increase his endurance and the 2 strengthening exerices will make it easier for him to get up out of bed and from a chair. Look for resources in the community. Is there a silver sneakers program in your town or any programs designed exclusively for individuals in his age group? Besides the benefits of exercise they also provide a great social outlet.  You definitely have some challenges but you should be able to exercise. At this point you have 1. Get your physicians approval to start exercising. 2. Seek treatment for you patellar tendonitis. A short course of physical therapy could get you up and moving in no time. for some info about what physical therapy is and how they can help. 3. Look for a water aerobics class in your area. Its a great form of low impact exercise (easy on osteoarthritis and fallen arches). On the first day of class arrive early and explain your situation to the instructor. As long as you've been cleared to exercise by your doctor, just do want you can without causing your symptoms to flare up. More then likely the instructor will be able to provide you with some alternatives. Also keep in mind any movement is good movement as long as it doesn't make your symptoms worse. Anytime you have an injury it doesn't matter if your an olympic athlete or just an average person you have to .  Karly, This is not a question that can be answered in this format. You really need to set up an appointment with your doctor and discuss it with them. Sorry  Your mother can definitely increase the strength of the muscles that surround and support the knee. The good thing is it doesn't take hours and all of them can be performed at home. Starting position: sitting with both feet flat and her walker in front of her Exercise: Slowly and with control come to a standing position Finish Position: Slowly and with control return to the seated position Important Safety and Progression Points 1. In the beginning let her use both arms to push up. 2. As she gets stronger and can perform 10 repetitions with little effort have her only use one arm to push up. After that progress to using no arm movement to come to standing 3. Once that becomes easy, switch chairs. Chairs that are lower to the ground are much more difficult to get out off. However when you do this allow her to push off with both arms and progress her through just like you did before. 4. Also if loss of balance or dizziness upon standing is a problem make sure someone is standing next to her when she's performing this exercise. 5. Start slowly begin with just 3 repetitions and progress to 10. Starting Position: Sitting up straight in a chair with both feet flat and a leg weight attached to the ankle Exercise: Slowly and with control straighten the leg like you were going to kick a ball Finish Position: Slowly lower to the floor and repeat for a total of 10 times. Switch the ankle weight to the other side and repeat Important Safety and Progression Points 1. With this one its better to start off with a very light weight and progress as needed as sometimes it can bother the knee. Starting Position: sitting up straight in a chair with both feet flat on the floor and the leg weight from the previous exercise lying on the thigh Exercise: Lift the leg up towards you keeping the knee bent. Slowly lower and repeat for a total of 10. Switch the weight to the other side and repeat Just performing 1 set of 10 repetitions of each of these exercises can make a big difference in her strength and mobility. However, it's important that as she gets stronger that you increase the resistance (lower chair or a heavier weight). These exercises should challenge her but not exhaust her. The key is to start small and build from there. As with any new exercise program make sure its OK with her doctor before beginning  There are different ways to perform knee replacment with "less invasive" surgical exposures that try to avoid incising the quadricep tendon (the large tendon above your knee cap). Most of the data that has been reported does only show improvement in the recovery in the short term. This can be very important for some patients and less so for others. There is no doubt that numerous factors play a role in recovery (anesthesia type, early initiation of physical therapy, compliance with therapy, and even patient motivation). There is certainly mixed opinion about the true benefit of these techniques among surgeons.  We tend to advise our patients to avoid high impact activities following hip and knee arthroplasty procedures. So we do not want people running or jumping if it can be avoided. There really is no consensus opinion about activities following hip and knee replacement. Different surgeons will allow different amounts of activity. If a patient of mine wants to do some weight training I tend to advise them to avoid really heavy weights and focus more on "reps". I also tend to tell my patients to try to maintain exercise as they can because I certainly feel that the benefit gained from the exercise likely outweighs the wear seen by the implant. It is certain that you will have less wear if you do not exercise at at all but that will likely come at the expense of your overall health.  For most people a knee replacement can predictably eliminate pain and restore function. This is not to say that the operation is not without complications. I think that we as physicians do a good job of presenting these complications to the patient pre-operatively but I am not sure that we are always great at preparing our patients for the recovery after knee replacment. The first couple of weeks can often be very challenging and the patient is truly doing a lot of work in physical therapy. They likely are requiring pain meds, anti-inflammation medications and icing in between and around the therapy sessions. We often generalize and tell patients they are about 75 percent recovered at 6-8 weeks and that they will continue to make some improvement often out to at least one year. All patients are different and this schedule does not apply to all. Unfortunately, there are some patients (some research has suggested approximately 1 in 5) that may have some pain in there knee after the surgery and when the recovery is complete. Most of these patients are better than they were pre-operatively but still not 100 percent pain free.  It is generally accepted that people can have a "metal allergy" and associated difficulty with a total knee prosthesis made out of metal. It is a very hard diagnosis to confirm and the options to address it included a revision to a prosthesis made out of titanium and or a ceramic "lined" component. There are times where a revision surgery like this really helps the patient and other times when it does not seem to help that much. The questions of metal allergy comes up when a patient has knee replacement that is painful despite the fact that the radiographs look good and the work up for infection and loosening is negative. This is a very tough problem for the patient and, for the reasons outlined above, the surgeon as well.  It is not that uncommon to have to have a manipulation after TKA [total knee arthroplasty]. Most studies suggest that the need for this procedure after TKA ranges between 1 and 6%. It is most important to act quickly after the surgery and make the decision to do this if the patient is having trouble gaining motion. The patient is put to sleep and the knee is bent to break up the scar adhesions that have formed. There will be some pain afterwards and it is critical to get right back in to therapy after the procedure.  Recovery from bilateral total knee arthroplasty can be very challenging. Those individuals that have gone through it can confirm it first hand. Like all things in medicine some people will recover quicker than others. In our practice most people that undergo bilateral TKA [total knee arthroplasty] spend some period of time in a rehabilitation center after leaving the inpatient setting. I like to think that people are about 75% recovered at 6 weeks but it often seems like people make continued recovery all the way out to one year following surgery. This seems to hold relatively true for patients following single TKA and therefore you can imagine that the recovery process could be even longer and more challenging when both are done at the same time. If you feel like you are making progress each day or week or even each month then you are probably headed to a good long term result. There are certainly times that patients will get discouraged by the challenge of recovery but remember that the overwhelming majority of patients that have the operation experience improvement in pain, function and quality of life.  I had a friend who had his knee replaced and it took approx. 6-9 months before pain went away completely. Remember, you have a foreign object in your body. The body needs time to adjust.  I have rheumatoid Arthritis. It affects my elbows, wrists, shoulders, hips, and ankles. There are days when I cannot open a can or even walk. I started laying in a tanning bed two or three times a week for 6-12 minutes at a time. This has helped so much. I would recommend talking to your doctor. They can refer you to a specialist that can come up with a treatment plan that best works for you. Physical therapy has help me so much. Hope this helps.  One symptom might be numbness in your feet.  Hi OK Its not such a big problem if you think about it, just think sitting down and how much you can do from there, if you need help see a trainer at a gym for ideas. Now the next idea is to just go swimming that's if you have a pool you can get to, swimming is all low impact exercising, and is as good as walking for your heart and body. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try going back to the ER, ask them if you can have an MRI on it, it could you have ligament problems, either just damaged or broken. If that confirms it, it just a case of having tens treatment, ice packing it 3 times a day, doing swimming breast stroke leg work only with a float, well help it, I was doing 1K a day for over a month. And was doing leg extensions twice a day with light weights around your ankle, also is great for helping the healing. But your be pleased to here it works Do hope this is it. Good Luck  Hi, Yes low potassium, could well be why your getting these problems, try eating more bananas each week. But hers a link that explains things better than me. The Link, http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-the-effects-of-potassium-deficiency.htm Copy this into google to read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Yes low potassium, could well be why your getting these problems, try eating more bananas each week. But hers a link that explains things better than me. The Link, http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-the-effects-of-potassium-deficiency.htm Copy this into google to read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I was wearing a copper wrist bracelet over 30 years ago for tennis elbow, lots of people wear them for arthritis and was doing this way before I was born ie its not a new thing, even made them out of real thick copper wire. And yes they do work, but on sweaty days they will leave a green ring around your wrist, it comes off its just the reaction with the salt in your sweat. Hope this helps you. Good Luck PS what works for one person may not for another.  Hi, If you mean DVT, then its done with a scan. Good Luck  Hi Your PA is right, the Plavix is a blood thinner so is your caumadin, by doing that you would thin your blood to much. And that you don't want. Good Luck  Hi You could try loads of swimming, this way you can keep the weight of your joints, but you need to go for it, and be in the water at least 3 times a week. ok as for your cholesterol, have a read of this. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2010/08/10/making-sense-of-your-cholesterol-numbers.aspx Look with this link you need to scroll down a bit till you get top the article. Also have a read of this guys site on statins. Duane Graveline md and statin drugs Do hope some of this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Got this from the NHS, you should find it useful, covers most of what you need to know. There are a number of non-surgical treatments that can help to relieve symptoms of damaged articular cartilage. They are described below. Physiotherapy  exercises that strengthen the muscles surrounding or supporting your joint which may help reduce pressure on the joint and reduce pain. Painkillers  non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), such as ibuprofen, can help reduce swelling and pain. However, avoid taking ibuprofen if you have, or have had, a stomach problem, such as a stomach ulcer. Supportive devices  such as a cane or leg brace. Lifestyle changes  such as reducing activity that involves the affected joint. In more severe cases of articular cartilage damage, non-surgical treatment may only provide short-term relief and surgery may be required. All this should help you. Good Luck  Hi I think an ER would be best, but then you should have been there a week ago, perhaps an MRI will show any damage, perhaps its a ligament that's giving you this problem. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This could be from not doing any dancing for a long time, best thing you can do is ice pack them 3 times a day, sue some cheap frozen peas, place in some thin cloth, and rap around the knees, leave for 20 minutes at a time, do this for a few days and see how there doing. Good Luck  Hi If your straining yourself to go, myes bthen you will get pains, you should only go when your body says it time to go, just relax and it will happen. This will save your pains. Good Luck  Hi Get it checked up, you may have damaged a ligament, if it is you can get tens treatment, ice packing it for twenty minutes at a time 3 times a will help, some simple exercising will help, leg extensions will do with a little extra weight, do 3 sets of twenty, and over time you should add I have done this, it works over time, took me about 3 months. But don't use a knee support, they don't help, I was told. The tens and icing bring extra blood in to the area, this adds the healing of the ligament, they do regrow. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First is this something you do on a regular basis, if not then this could be the reason, you have just strained a couple of things, and from my wife varicose veins would not make you foot ach. Try putting a cheap pack of frozen peas behind your knee and rest on it, but wrapped in it a thin cloth, for 20 minutes 3 times a day for the next couple of days. But if your not used to them just try working up to 3 hour walks from say an hour and just add 5 minutes a day. Do hope this you. Good Luck  Hi As I'm not from the USA, for me it would be get to hospital or start with your doctor, but sounds like you may have damaged a ligament or it could be your cartilage in your knee joint, the force of the blow could have done either. A MRI would tell the whole story, so would an ER be your first stop? Could be. But if you have some time before you go ice pack the knee joint, be doing this it brings in extra blood, this aids healing, a cheap pack of frozen peas in a thin cloth, are good for this, then just refreeze, and keep using, but don't eat them Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If this is just under your knee cap, you may have damaged you ligament, you need some help if it is damaged an MRI would tell. some ice packing three times a day, tens treatment and some gentle exercise, would repair the damage, if its that. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you mean you knees and touching why you jog, you need to change you jogging style, but in the mean time, get some baby oil or Vaseline rubbed on them before you go out, if that works you wont have to worry when you come home, because there be alright. Stay fit. Stay healthy. Good Luck  Hi I think your find if you have a cold or as your saying chest problems, they will say no. But it would be best if you get in touch with your hospital, to be best informed. Good Luck  Hi Some tips that may or may not help, but have you googled swelling in the legs, just to see what some sites say could be your problem. Also try www.earthclinic.com you see just simple things could help, like apple cider vinegar and cayenne pepper. When you had your blood test done do you know if it said anything about plaque, if yes then getting on some cayenne pepper will get rid of it, garlic will help thin your blood and do some other things, green tea is very good for your blood, the APV is good for lots of things but if you read up about it, its kind of negative on the answers,, but all they do know some how it dose work, it neutralises your system, works for me along with the CP and garlic. So hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do is google the drug and add side effects, if one they have side effects like yours then it will be there. Good Luck  Hi See Answer Above  Hi Yes it could be arthritis, have a read on www.eartclinic.com just look under ailments at things under A. But have a good read at Cayenne pepper and Turmeric this can both help with relief, two sites your find below. http://www.cayennepepper.info/health-benefits-of-cayenne-pepper.html http://turmericsgold.com/conditions/curcumin-for-high-cholesterol-and-high-triglycerides/ This one you will find help on its down the right hand side for pain relief. Just copy each into google one at a time to the www. to open and read. Hope you find the help you want. Good Luck  Hi Its keyhole surgery, its quick an easy. You will need to be of work for 4 weeks, try and get as much swimming as you can, its the best exercise you can do as its low impact just doing breast stroke, I have had both of my knees done and this was my way back with a doctors nod of approval. Good Luck  Hi If these were cortisone shots they will do this, I have had the same many years ago. You could try cayenne pepper, you can google cayenne pepper for ra, your see some sites offering info. I take this daily for ED and do have some ra in my hand from working with fresh fish, and freshwater fishing through the winter. OK I take cayenne pepper in tomato paste, and thin it down with olive oil, if you start this, you must mix this to a heat that suits you at first, slowly overtime you can build up the heat, I take 3 small spoonful's first thing every morning, and wash each one down with water. Now it would be best you check with your doctor, just to see that your not mixing with any drugs. But please do read up about it. Good Luck  Hi Not unless this toe nail is on your knee? Just get some boric acid, ask for it at your chemist, its cheap to buy, just put a level tea spoon in your sock each morning, its very slow to work but over time it should go. Works for me. Good Luck  Hi Ok had one a few years ago for ligament troubles, I don't remember seeing what would be veins on the x-ray. Good Luck   Hi Ok had one a few years ago for ligament troubles, I don't remember seeing what would be veins on the x-ray. Good Luck  Hi, See if this helps, but its not a cure, Osteoarthritis can cause radiating joint pain. According to the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, osteoarthritis, also known as degenerative joint disease, is a progressive joint disease, and it is the most common type of arthritis. Try googling Cayenne pepper for arthritis, it could be the one thing that may help once it gets in to your body and blood stream. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK best be off to your pysio therapist for some treatment, tens will help, but get in swimming daily, I had something similar, mine was left knee, outside left broken and inside badly damaged, had twenty sessions of tens treatment, did simple exercises like leg extensions with low weights around ankle, and did leg pull downs with low weights, but lucky I have a pool, so could swim daily did over a kilometre a day just doing breast stroke leg work, it got there in the end. They do repair thereselve's, I will tell you now there is no quick fix, just time, your know when its fixed. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK best be off to your pysio therapist for some treatment, tens will help, but get in swimming daily, I had something similar, mine was left knee, outside left broken and inside badly damaged, had twenty sessions of tens treatment, did simple exercises like leg extensions with low weights around ankle, and did leg pull downs with low weights, but lucky I have a pool, so could swim daily did over a kilometre a day just doing breast stroke leg work, it got there in the end. They do repair thereselve's, I will tell you now there is no quick fix, just time, your know when its fixed. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Why not ask the person who is going to the manipulation, see what they say, But after 4 months, your cooking would be like therapy for you, its means your moving around on it, your would not be overworking it, sounds like a sound thing to me. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi When you next wash your wounds that's leaking, do it with a good sea salt water, sea salt is great at cleaning and healing wounds. You can google sea salt and wounds, you find some great info. But trust me it well help. Good Luck  Hi First have a look at this its from earth clinic. http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/osteoarthritis.html#bcj Just copy into google to the www. To open and read. Please read the part on, black cherry juice, ACV and Turmeric. Also this site may help. http://osteoarthritis.about.com/od/painrelief/a/capsaicin.htm Just copy the same as above to read. More useful info. http://www.med.nyu.edu/content?ChunkIID=21645 Copy as above to read. Now I take cayenne for ED but its stopped the arthritis that I have, ok its not that serious, so daily first thing every morning I take a mix of cayenne pepper and turmeric, I started this about 3 years ago, so started with a mix to a heat that suited me, now you could do the same thing as a trail, and as like me you could build the heat up over time. I mix cayenne pepper with turmeric first in olive oil, then add tomato paste and mix up with more olive oil, each morning you take 3 small tea spoonfuls and you wash each one down with water, you should fill this go round your body, when it kicks in, and it will takes a few weeks for it build up in your system then if it dose work you the pain will start to ease till gone. OK some extra help I hope. Good Luck  Hi, See that's why I said an MRI, this would show up any unseen damage, it may even just be chipped then the chip could now be floating around, that's where the MRI comes into play it sees all. Good Luck  Hi When I had mine done, the doc said swimming was the best thing for it. low impact, what else could you ask for, you in cool water as well, and that's good for the knee, great way to exercise, and your knee does well for it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you have a Mozzi in your bed, just throw back the covers and us some fly spray, and spray over the bed, hold your breath, but not actually to close to it, just so it mist over the bed, go out and shut the door, by the time you go to bed should now be gone. Good Luck  Hi Yes arthritis will just keep migrating around your joints, I have it in my hands, but I have been free of for the past 3 years, I'm on cayenne pepper, I take this first thing every morning with garlic, all very good for you. The mix is this in 10 oz jar you mix tomato paste with CP and thin with olive oil, you mix this to a heat that suits you at first, as time goes on you will be able to up the heat, into this I mix in the top daily very fine chopped garlic in olive oil, you can do a whole head in one go in the same sized jar. OK you mix a tea spoon of the garlic on the top of the CP mix, and you take 3 tea spoons daily you wash each one down with water, doing this will warm you up, your start to fill it effects within a few days or you should do. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Well see your MO and speak to them about getting them striped, its a method to remove the vein's, should work well at your age, but you may need to have a few weeks R and R after the small operation. Do hope this helps. Good Luck   Hi Well see your MO and speak to them about getting them striped, its a method to remove the vein's, should work well at your age, but you may need to have a few weeks R and R after the small operation. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Our chart says after your evening meal. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi Sorry but arthritis does not spread, but once you find it one joint then there a good chance your get it in others. OK now you have it try this it will help calm it down, its cayenne pepper, yes the hot stuff, if you can take the heat, some cant. Sop you do this get a 12 oz jar your half fill it with tomato paste, add into this some cayenne pepper, add some olive oil and mix so its smooth, first thing in the morning, before you do anything else you take 3 small spoonful's and you wash each one down with water, see how it goes it will warm you up as the heat goes round with your blood, after this start you can up the amount of cayenne you put in but slowly, with each mix. For more info go to www.cayennepepper.info lots to read CP is good for our body's. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Psoriatic arthritis causes painful inflammation in and around your joints. It usually affects people who already have psoriasis, a skin condition that causes a red, scaly rash, especially on your elbows, knees, back, buttocks and scalp. However, some people develop the arthritic symptoms before the psoriasis, while others will never develop the skin condition. Psoriasis can affect people of any age, both male and female, but psoriatic arthritis usually only affects adults. People with psoriasis may also have other types of arthritis, such as osteoarthritis or rheumatoid arthritis, but these aren't linked to the psoriasis. - See more at: http://www.arthritisresearchuk.org/arthritis-information/conditions/psoriatic-arthritis/what-is-psoriatic-arthritis.aspx#sthash.Ysyo2DKR.dpuf Try this site its very helpful and this link to it. The link, http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/psoriasis2.html#cayenne Just copy link into google to open and read Hi, I take CP each day, primly for ED but its cleared my arthritis up, I take mine mixed in tomato paste thinned down with olive oil, you start off by mixing to a heat thats suits him, and over time you can increase the heat of the CP the higher you go up the better it will be, to keep it away, the mix he take first thing in the morning, 3 tea spoons, wash each one down with water, he will feel the heat going round his body. To start with try getting him to take in 3 x 3 times a day just for 2 weeks, just to get things going, then cut back to just mornings. Do hope this helps you and him. Good Luck  Depends on cause. Is it sciatica or neurapathy? Is it bone pain or joint pain?  Sometimes deep bruises do not heal if there is damage to the tissue. If you are concerned its something else, you can ask your doctor about it next time you go in for a check up, but I wouldn't worry too much about it for now if you are not in pain.  Of course you should rest! If you have had problems with your knee before, it might even be good to go see a physical therapist to try to also help prevent further injury in the future.   There are upper body cardio excises you can do with weights and a medicine ball. There's a you tuber named Mario Ramone, who can help with ways to do exercises while sitting. I watch his videos to find out ways I can do excises while sitting, because I have knee aliments. You can also try getting a kefty for your workout. http://kefty.com There are other videos that provide examples of excesses one can do in a wheelchair.  There certainly might be. You really don't state the "neuropathy" you're experiencing. If it's pain, numbness, tingling, ... "neuropathy" is a general term as given to a condition of the nerves, so you really need to supply more information. Until one has that information, to assume anything would be wrong to state on this page. The neck to finger tips may be a red flag for a nerve degeneration, ... but to be honest, ... this sounds like perhaps a circulatory situation. Best to see your doctor and have a 'work-up' done. Best of luck to you.  HI. I am eight weeks postop and still have pain and swelling, albeit much less then it was a couple of weeks ago. I do exercises every day. I also use the Flexinator machine three times daily for flexion( helps relieve pain, providing u can get thru the pain of using it...its TOTURE!!! LOL...) Use your pain pills, do your physio, work thru the pain and don't give up!!! Yes, I think that pain eight weeks following surgery is normal, but you should also have shown vast improvement from two weeks post-op FEEL BETTER and do your physio!!  My father had knee replacements on both knees. There is no correct estimation as to how long they last. In his case, one of them only lasted about 6 years. The duruation differs by person and his/her medical situations. For example, one must consider the following factors: How stressful was the normal daily activity of which the knee is involved. Was the activity done more than suggested? History of arthitis and injuries. Weight and diabetes. Family history related to weaknesses in different parts of the body. Did the person need any additional knee protection or prothesis? Each person's health and situation is different. One cannot depend on any casebook sencaro. This is between oneself and physician to determine what is going on and what is needed.  You will need to see an orthopedist for a thorough examination of your knee, and probably an MRI of that problematic joint. Since this problem has been going on for 2-3 years, it is high-time for you to get it checked out medically. The school's trainer may have just guessed, and a guess is not a diagnosis.  The cervix can become friable and bleed for many different reasons, so I am sorry that your GYN did not explain it to you at the time of your PAP. I can understand your anxiety since you were sort of left hanging after that comment. The most common reason would be cervicitis, an infection that (obviously) involves the cervix and usually the vagina. Many will simply self-resolve, but this may also show up on your pap smear when you get the results. A small amount of bleeding can occur during a pap, and can interfere with results, so hopefully you will not have to have a repeat pap smear. As you mentioned, the cervix can also be traumatized during sex, so this may be the underlying reason. I think it would be important to have a follow up with your GYN if you continue to have post-coital bleeding.  There can be many causes for itchy skin, but one common cause that can occur in those areas would be atopic dermatitis (eczema). Experts say that atopic dermatitis is not a "rash that itches" but rather an "itch that rashes", so itching is the primary symptom. Of course, when these areas itch, you will scratch. This can create an itch/scratch cycle that can only be broken by: 1) take an antihistamine like Claritin or Zyrtec to control the itching. 2) reduce the inflammation by using hydrocortisone cream, and finally, (3) do your best not to scratch, especially to the point where you may break the skin. This will set the stage for a secondary infection, and make things worse.  That is really not a fever. Temperatures can vary up to two degrees from morning (the lowest temperature) to evening (the highest temperature). I agree with your surgeon...it is nothing to worry about. And, human body temperature is not affected by barometric pressure.  There is no thing called "average" when it comes to a person...or a person who has knee surgery. Every person on this planet is different when it comes to their ability to deal with pain, and not all knee surgeries (or the surgeon performing them) are the same either. So, there are no "average times" for pain duration. The ONLY person that could give you a rough estimate would be the surgeon who did the procedure -- someone who is familiar with the case, and someone who knows what kind of surgery that was done.  Your child cannot be adequately diagnosed without an examination. A medical professional will need to see him first-hand; a description is just not sufficient to make this important call. There are literally hundreds of "bumps" that can occur on human skin.  In varies...depending on the thickness and amount of padding, but a fiberglass short leg cast only weighs a few pounds. I put them on, but I can't say I ever had the urge to weigh them.  You can start with your primary care medical provider and have some basic diagnostic tests, or you can be referred directly to a rhematologist.  I did not look at your picture (I rarely find them helpful). You may have a hypertrophic scar (keloid) and, yes, there are treatments for this. You will need to see a good dermatologist or cosmetic surgeon -- someone skilled in scar or keloid management.  He can start with his primary care medical provider. While an orthopedist or rheumatologist could be needed, the primary care provider would be able to determine which one would be appropriate, based on his or her examination and diagnostic blood tests.  This may be a BAKER'S CYST, but you will need to see your medical provider for a proper examination. There can be other causes, of course.  Maybe. Anything that throws off your normal gait or balance can cause a domino effect. See your medical provider to determine a reason for your symptoms. Keep in mind that a person can have more than one issue going on at the same time....your hip pain could be totally unrelated, so get it checked out.  You need to go back and see the orthopedist again.....the same one that did your original surgery or a different "knee specialist". You will likely need an MRI of the knee at some point.  Call the orthopedist...the one that performed the surgery. You are going to need to be re-examined today in most cases.  There are LOTS of other skin eruptions that can cause these symptoms, but unfortunately, I have no way of seeing what you have over the Internet. Scabies is typtically transmitted person-to-person, but it is possible that it could be transmitted on contaminated equipment. There are skin scraping tests to determine if you have scabies, but your doctor may not be set up to do it. You may need to see a dermatologist. I have to say that scabies typically does not spread like this, nor is it common on the face, so there is a good chance you have "something else".  There is no way to offer you a patient-specific answer to your many questions, since I have no way of examining your knee. There is a good chance that your knee symptoms are completely unrelated to your foreign bodies, but it is going to take a good, orthopedic assessment and some imagining studies to see where you stand in this matter.  I don't know enough about your particular case (nothing, in fact) to know if you are a surgical candidate or not. I think it is a big jump from failure of anti-inflammatory cream to the operating room, however. A choice of specialists depends on where the nerve impingment starts. If it is in your back, a neurosurgeon or an orthopedic surgeon would be the specialist of choice.  You should not take medication prior to surgery without the expressed knowledge and permission of your surgeon and anesthesiologist. Some cold medications contain drugs that can speed up your heart rate and raise your blood pressure.  You are seeing the right specialist...the orthopedist. You could see a different orthopedist for a second opinion if this first one isn't solving the problem. Unfortunately, I have no way of determine a cause for your symptoms or have a way of confirming or disputing your current diagnosis blindly over the Internet. That would take a hands-on exam and some imaging studies -- obvious not something that can be accomplished on-line.  Not without seeing it first-hand, my friend. Dermatology is a visual "art".  Call the doctor again today. I don't know which antibiotic or dosage she is on, but if she is getting worse, she may need a stronger dose....or a different antibiotic.  That question cannot be answered blindly over the Internet. You would need to have a hands-on examination by a medical professional or orthopedist to determine a cause and significance of your knee clicking. Every person is differnet and there are not universal causes applicable to everyone.  Persistent knee pain lasting over a month from a jogging injury, where there was a loud "pop" could be many things, but a full or partial tear of one of the ligaments, tendons, or menesci would be high on the list, as well as cartilege tears. It would be in your fiance's best interest to see a good orthopedist (he should have done this weeks ago). He may need some imaging studies, like an MRI, of that painful knee.  Contact dermatitis is a itchy rash caused by CONTACT with some allergen.....soap, detergent, perfume, plant, etc. Eczema (atopic dermatitis) is genetically-dry skin. They can both be treated with topical steroids, like you are using, but it can take a while to get it under control. Contact dermatitis will continue to bother a person as long as the unidentified allergen is around. Eczema can last a lifetime....  Go immediately to an ER. Your knees must be x-rayed. They will treat you, but you will be advised to go to an orthopedic doctor. If you'd rather avoid an ER visit. Make an urgent call to schedule an appointment with an orthopedic specialist. They usually do x-rays in their office. Good Luck!  Is this applicable to an individual with Parkinson's?  I have no idea what this is but I think you should go get it checked out just to make sure nothing bad is happening to you or has happened to you yet.  Soma or Carisoprodol is a generic drug and is used for the treatment of muscle pain and muscle injury. It is used by the person who is suffering from muscle sprain and pain. You can from chemist shop or online at TopDrugMart dot com.  Loose skin around the knees may be part of the natural aging process. Extreme weight loss may lead to excess skin. These issues may be addressed by a plastic surgeon. Excess sun exposure is the No. 1 cause of premature aging and wrinkling of the skin. If you suffer from chronic swelling around your knees, compression garments and support hose may be beneficial.  you should go to the Dr it sounds like you could have blood clots  I would see an orthopedic specialist, especially if my painful knee made a clicking or popping noise.  low impact exercises like water aerobics would work nicely for you!  While there is no way we can speculate on exactly what may be causing your knee problems, you can find a lot of great information on our that you can read and take with you when you visit your doctor. Here are some questions for you that may also help you pinpoint the issue: Do you have ? Have you had in the past? How old are you? Take care, WebMD Answers Staff  Because of the age and history of this patient, it's best to seek medical attention immediately to make sure nothing serious is going on. You may want to take her to the nearest ER just to get it checked out and be on the safe side. We hope everything is well with her. The WebMD Answers Staff  Hi and welcome to WebMD Answers! While you're waiting for other responses, here is some information on that may be helpful. We hope you get the feedback you need. Take care, The WebMD Answers Staff  Here is some information on that I think will answer your question. You may also want to chat with your surgeon about your own case. The WebMD Answers Staff  If you have been diagnosed with arthritis, you may think about seeing a , who specializes in treating arthritis and joint problems. If your current healthcare provider isn't giving you any help, then definitely get a second opinion. Here also is some information on and . But, before you take anything, you want to be sure it doesn't interact with other medications you are taking or that the treatments are right for you based on your personal medical history. This is why it is important to work with your doctor. The WebMD Answers Staff  If you have exhausted other osteoarthritis treatment options and still experience knee pain, you should speak with your doctor about the possibility of knee replacement, also called arthroplasty. It can help reduce your pain and improve your ability to move. Knee replacement surgery involves removing all or part of the knee joint and replacing the damaged parts with an artificial joint. These are made of metals and plastics. Although it may take months to recover fully, depending on the extent of your surgery, the relief it provides can last many years or even a lifetime. It may be time to have knee replacement surgery if you have: Severe knee pain that limits your everyday activities Moderate or severe knee pain while resting, day or night Chronic knee inflammation and swelling that doesnt improve with rest or medications Knee deformity: a bowing in or out of your leg Knee stiffness: inability to bend and straighten your knee No pain relief from NSAIDs. Or if you: Cant walk more than a few blocks without significant pain Need a cane or walker Dont improve with other treatments Cant tolerate pain medications.  Dear madam,  maybe  yes  She could have a slow post surgical bleeding and definitely needs more blood and trying to determine where the cause is and intervene.  See a physician ASAP to try and prevent more damage.  How much rehab did you do and how active are you? I have had multiple injuries to my knees and have very flat feet, yet i'm very active but have trouble keeping up with muscle imbalance. That all makes it mentally difficult to determine...pain is pain, but it may not be related to your past injuries  A typical chiropractic clinic or center offers services that care for patients experiencing pain or discomfort in musculoskeletal regions, namely, the back, neck, head, arms and legs. While chiropractors focus more on treating said conditions, they also diagnose the cause of the pain and recommend a short-, medium-, or long-term program to address the same, depending on the nature and gravity of the patient's condition. Some chiropractors also offer on-site or home services for patients who can no longer travel to their clinic. Still, other chiropractors set up a free consultation hotline where they respond to chiropractic-related queries from individuals.  I do not have this sympton  You can do simple forms of exercises like sit ups and push ups. You may also consider no surgery fat process to get back in shape in no time.  You probably need a colonoscope done to see if you have polyps that bleed. May be some other . med workup !!!  sounds like shin splits to me  Pain after total knee replacement. Knee was done in May, 2010, and had 4 weeks rehab in a nursing home type facility. Rehab was very successful with total use and movement of knee. Within the next few months I was experiencing swelling and pain on the outside of the knee with what feels like a knot of nerves that swell, turn blue, and hurt like crazy. Icing it helps - but only temporarily. It seems to be getting worse as time goes on and I am getting no answers or help from either my GP or the orthopedic m.d. who did the surgery. Is this something that "just happens" to the nerves surrounding the knee after replacement surgery? Can anything be done now to help this pain?  My husband has been dionoised with rhomatoid and osteoarthritis what can we expect  Look up the symptoms of Restless Leg Syndrome and compare with your own. I have RLS, and that's how I describe it to people. However, sometimes neuropathy can have a similar sensation.  sounds like lack of blood flow maybe...... possible blood clot?  If you are really concerned have an x-ray of it. However it is not uncommon to have bruising in the foot just above the toe, and under it. since it is shorter. You probably do have a fracture or at leased jammed. Tape it to the toe next to it for a few weeks, 4-6. if you are not going to the Dr. for an x-ray. It is to late to apply ice to it. That would have helped with the bruising. Keep it elevated when you are not on it. That will help keep the swelling down.  You failed to mention if you have seen a doctor about this problem. Coupled with you cannot lose weight without lowering your intake. Eat more salads,fruits,and veggy's. Stay away from pastas, ice creams. pies cakes etc,etc. And you can do exercises in your chair. Leg lifts, barbells. Every little bit helps you burn calories. But if you continue to take in more than you burn up. You will continue to gain weight. I weigh 230 lbs. and 5 1/2 in high. Almost if not in the same boat you are in. You have to choose to do it. Consider what your weight brings with it. High Blood Pressure, Diabetes, heart trouble etc.etc. Your pain in your back,knees, and hip are more than likely due to being Obese...aka over weight. Loose weight loose the pain. You should see your Dr. also as you may be diabetic or pre- diabetic. Get a CBC blood test and see where you stand. I did, and founs out I was diabetic, elevated blood pressure, etc,etc. It scared me enough to loose weight. Like me you are a walking time bomb.  there is such thing as vitamin B12 injections which are injected into your joints talk to your doctor about that it could help here is a link of things to expect and questions and answer ..........http://hrmsupport.com/dr-recommended-drugs/vitamin-b12-injections.html  I had a micro fracture done on my right knee about 5 years ago. It wasn't done on the femur, but to the knee cap. This was done to cause scarring under the bone where I no longer had any cartildge left and it was bone on bone. The scarring built up a pad so I no longer have pain and can excercise, with in reason. The recovery was long. Six weeks without ANY weight on it and using a wheelchair. Then physical therapy. On two crutches for a month and then one crutch for a month. The surgery has put off having my knee replaced. Hope this helps.  I would think this is a lack of iron in your body. Maybe try a daily vitamin or iron supplements.  It might be a menicus tear, I have one, go to an orthopedic surgeon, get an MRI, It should confirm a tear in the menicus   I had my right knee replaced 11 months ago. The surgeon will take several images of your thigh, knee and leg and send scans off to some place that will design a customize replacement just for your knee . Mine was made of stainless steel. My doctor had an actual one to show me in his office. So I do not think that anything else would be changed. I asked a half dozen friends the name of the surgeon who replaced their knee, and chose the doctor most frequently mentioned ( of course I asked if they would use him/her again if needed). During my in-house physical therapy, I met 3 patients who had both knees replaced . Jokingly I added that it sound like a crazy thing to do. The responses were , since each knew that the other one would eventually need replacing: 1. for insurance reasons 2. to minimize time taken off from work Hope this helps, and good luck P.S. Since my right knee was replaced, it took several weeks before I could drive my car. You might want to take this into consideration.  Internist, sounds like a infections,  I would say then it's related somehow to the Sciatic nerve. See a neurologist.  Im so sorry you have to go through the pain,been there and doing that! I am 23 and I have been in intense pain since I was 12.For years my gyno said it was endometriosis even though anytime he would do surgery to remove it, it wasn't severe enough to cause the amount of pain i would still be in and he just said I was a baby with pain and i was faking. I was 12! 10 years later i moved to California and sought another opinion from a new gyno. She gave me a PUF test,which is a questionairre for bladder pain. You have to score low on this test to be normal,i scored extremely high and she referred me to a urologist. He took one look at it and asked me if i had ever heard of interstitial cystitis. He scheduled me for a cystoscopy with hydrodistention. He said the previous dr who had done a cystoscopy didn't diagnose me because he didn't do the hydro. Turns out I have severe interstital cystitis. I have no lining on my bladder and i have bleeding ulcers. I've had to change everything about my lifestyle. If i would have been diagnosed sooner,i wouldn't be this bad off. Hopefully you don't have this horrible disease, but i hope this helps a little. You can email me at erinmariegoodfriend@yahoo.com if you have any questions or just need to talk!:)  I also hurt my back a few years ago. I ended up having surgery but the leg numbness/ tingling kept getting worse. I done a nerve test( I forgot what the name of test was) at the hospital and it showed I had nerve damage in back and both legs. One doctor said it was because doctor let the disc press on the nerves too long. I now have to have a second surgery because they failed to fix a tear between l4 and l5. Please make sure you see a neurosurgeon instead of an orthopedic doctor. They really messed me up. My damage is permanant please see a doctor soon so maybe you can fix it before it's too late.  you may want your dr to see if your sacroiliac joint(s) are out of alignment. sitting does aggravate the pain, and stretching the area is not good for them either if you are having a problem with them. i am currently having mine looked at bc i haven't been able to walk right and have had extreme pain in the area for over 2 years. i hope you get some answers soon!  I am 54 and i had a TKR in 2001 best thing ever happen to me My doc that did my dc had me put no weight for 6 weeks like i had broke bone. no cast did my rehab at home 3 times a day for 4 wks my knee still gets very stiff when i set in one place for over a few mins  no I don't think so  there are sweets out there that he can eat that taste like real sweets, I eat these sweets cause I have type2 diabetics  could be a local infection. you may want to see a doctor.  I had a full replacement 15 years ago & it's still doing well .Because of COPD I don't walk a long way with it. I am a avid golfer with a cart & the knee is just fine.  At 22 years of age, don't gamble with suppliments and home remedies, see an ortho specialist. I've had several knee injuries and two minuscus surgeries as a result of procrastination. Get your knees fixed now so you can avoid an arthritic condition down the road. Good luck.  Go to a chiropractor, take Glucosomine and it is cheap through puritan pride.com... They have the best deals. Other problem could be your loosing bone and need to see a doctor. Another guess would be your shoes... good luck  Yes, it can be caused by the cold weather, we might always feel warm but is the cold that is inside the body that is causing this pain and swell.  Aquatic therepy would help you, no joint stress. You can build up muscle in water.  problem w/patella  check with your doctor to be certain, but it sounds like you may be experiencing a problem with your sciatic (sci - at - ic) nerve. It can follow the path from your center low back, across your hip, and down the outside of the leg to the ankle and foot. It doesn't always follow the same path with everyone, however that is what it sounds like to me. I hope this helps.  This last year while I was at work and had just finished unloading our truck at mcdonalds I decided to have something to eat and sat in one of our booths, and both my feet up. when I did that I felt severe pain, in right knee and when leg was straightened, I did not see a doc for that. I limped for about 2 days and iced it every night in bed for one week, and then was better. Ever since That time my knee cracks constantly almost everyday. I also have had a sore left shoulder since 2003 when it was really painful and both crack numerous times a day.  Knee replacement is painful for about 4-6 months...there will be some swelling, and the clicking is normal. I had a full replacement in 2005 and I am now 59 years old. The main thing is to keep doing your therapy..even though it is painful, it will pay off in the end. You have to have a good therapist to get through this..and you have to push yourself hard to maintain minimum loss of usage in your knee. While I still have some problems with it, especially when it is cold, I managed to retain 87 per cent usage of my knee. I can straighten it out completely, but cannot do a deep knee bend. No Pain, No Gain.  I have a fused spine so I can't have MRIs. What the doctors use is a mylagram.  organic coconut oil or a cocobutter stick and a bandaide, clean with peroxide first :)  those are big injury, but i'm sorry to say that you are going to be limited on physical activity when you said you destroyed your ankle. joints are different from bones as it affects the movements when compared to bone, that supports the structure.  are you properly resting, stretching and putting cold/slight pressure to let it heal?  i had that problem when i was in puberty during my growing spurt period. i'm assuming it's your leg muscle spasm and it hurts to wake you up at night? only thing you can do is stretch before it get to that state.  bruised knee takes longer to heal than other bruised area. if the pain isn;t severe then rest. otherwise talk to your doctor to see if you injured the joint/bone  so your daughter is getting bug bites and she is getting them even though she isn't going outside? i think it's bedbugs that can be infested wherever she is staying or could be mosquito inside the house that is hiding. if it is bed bug, that is serious problem and should be taken care of before it infest other area of the house/apartment.  I have read many articles in the past that sometimes, when a virus is leaving the body, is does so in the form of a rash. But if you're still in doubt, just call your dr.'s office and ask for the nurse. The nurse should be able to advise you.  I think you may have osteoarthritis(pain of joints)because your symptoms match the symptoms of Osteoarthritis. To make sure if you have it or not you should visit an orthopedician.  YES  go to your doctor the one that did the surgery he know first hand after xrays  I would definitely look into and have re-tested by the Endorinologist. I have dealt with unexplained pain, fatigue, weight gain, Asthma symptoms (Asthma Meds did not help)and many other symptoms and doctors were unable to come up with a diagnosis .Thyroid tested fine, etc. I did find out that I have GERD (this is due to vagus stomach nerve not working), but none of the meds I tried seemed to help w/those symptoms either. My diet doctor tested my thyroid function, and found it to be a little low. She prescribed a 1/4 grain of NatureThroid daily and the difference in my joint pain alone is amazing. She also prescribed Phentermine, which not only helps me lose weight but seems to work in conjunction with Thyroid Med. My symptoms of fibro get even better when I am taking both of them. I wake up feeling refreshed, I don't have trouble walking due to aching joints. I used to get so tired I would stutter and forget what I was talking about mid-sentence. Even my stomach problems have all but disappeared! Do the research, there are many sites and support groups for Fibromyalgia online. I would also look into symptoms of low thyroid- mine was not that low and was causing lots of havoc. Also, I think finding the right type of Doctor (for ex-my Diet Doctor deals with thyroid problems daily, and therefore is more knowledgeable) is key. I would get as much info as I could regarding my symptoms so as to be better able to paint a clearer picture of what is going on to the Endocrinologist you are going to see.  This is one of the greatest products out there when it comes to pain/inflamation. Learn more about Glutathione and check out Max International's exclusive prodeucts here: www.max.com/421839 To learn about the personal stories of my friends and I go here and like our facebook fan page: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Allison-Max-International-Associate/596048690454325?ref=hl&ref_type=bookmark   I always find it best to try a natural solution to a medical/physical problem. two of my friends have found fantastic results with glutathione supplements from Max international. (one has cerebral palsy in both legs and now swears by the Max GXL product for reducing the water retention/swelling in her legs. The products work to reduce inflammation from a cellular level by giving your body the components it needs to create glutathione an essential amino acid that is needed by every cell but decreases within the body by age 20. This link should have all the info you need about it: http://www.max.com/421839 to connect with me personally like me here! https://www.facebook.com/pages/Allison-Max-International-Associate/596048690454325?ref=hl&ref_type=bookmark  My ortho physician had me stop exercising a few months ago due to stiffness and extreme swelling. He actually ordered physical therapy and stopped it due to swelling increasing instead of decreasing.  yes sounds like he needs x rays for sure  Can be caused by alcohol abuse or eating too much animal proteins in the evening meals, this among many other issues.  If you are asking if you should have it checked out, then yes you should. Better safe than sorry. *I AM NOT A DOCTOR, BUT I HAVE COMMON SENSE AND LIKE TO STUDY MEDICINE*  I think you have arthritis problem.  too much fat in stools, cause by pancerous not working right..she needs to see a Pediatrician..not a FAMILY DR, could also be related to digestive tract issues  no  sounds like it may be have circulation issues.  If this pain is worse when driving or sitting long periods, you may have a disc in the L's such as L-1 lumbar 1 the disc could be leaking or even gone and you have bone on bone, in which case you are one tough individual. I know that pain. My surgery fixed that, I woke in the recovery room telling anyone who listened my leg doesnt burn111 dONT SEE A ORTHOPEDIC DR./ A NEUROLOGIST that is atleast in the top ten will do. He will likely offer alterior route that doesnt require narcotics. Best of luck  Are you being treated with a more than average share of steroids? If you know u take that but dont know if it is considered excessive by pharmisit, then ask your dr for an alternative because thats what they do. My wedding day I wore a size 8 , but my face was so puffy i looked fat in all my pictures.  Pickle juice. Every football player in America can tell you, it"s great for leg cramps.  Anytime you fall, it is a cause for concern if you experience pain, especially lower back pain. You could be experiencing anything from nerve damage to a torn muscle. I would suggest that you visit your doctor as soon as possible.  Only a doctor could correctly diagnose this problem through x-rays. It sounds like you quite possibly may have damaged something within your knee. Get it checked out as soon as you can.  Just 3 days ago, I had the same occurance, I had just logged into my computer, and minutes later, a pain struck the left side of my back, right by my left kidney. I tolerated it for 2 hours, as I was in a training class the pain became more intense. I figured it was just a spasm then maybe its my kidney, as I had surgery in 2000 due to a 5" diameter hematoma and 3 months ago, I was punched in the same kidney by my abusive husband,. I hobbled to my boss to inform him and that I could no longer endure the sharp, throbs of torture. He had me to grab my notebook to study at home, but the extra 2lbs of weight, was too heavy and I nearly lost my balance. I was not allowed to drive myself home, instead, a manager dropped me at the nearest hospital. After CT scans, blood and urine work, they could only diagnose me to have acute back pain, gave me scripts for Lortab and Valium, with a injection of Morphine and Benadryl from the outbreak of whelps where the I.V. was stabled, discharged me home, where i was bed ridden and slept away 2 days. They gave me symptoms of what causes acute back ache, since i didnt twist it, it also stated 'from prolonged sitting'..3.5 weeks of sitting with 2 15 minute breaks and a half hour. My back couldnt take another day, so why cant this be considered ' workers comp'? well, they termed me for a 3 day absence with medical document which is 3 points, but you have to have 12 to be termed. humm...  I had it done a year ago, and had pain until 6 months after the surgery. I do still have stiffness in the knee if it stays in one place for long periods of time. Do your prescribed exercises and you should start seeing the pain go away.  I am having the exact same problem. Did you end up seeing a doctor or getting better?  def see a doctor and untill you know whats going on i would stop running , try ice and heat packs to keep the pain down, 20 min at a time if you see swelling ice if theres no swellling only pain heat , :) hope this helps feel better  well its possible you will always have some level of pain due to this new work but i would say drink a lot of water as water helps keeps the joints lubracated and when ur off work try some heat if you have pain... and try your best to take it easy , which i know can be hard at work..... vitamins will also help the better care you take of all ur body the better a chance you have to make this better , also try to stay off it when ur not at work ... im sorry your going through this , its not easy , i hope this helps if u start to have bad pain speak to you doctor for possible things you can do ... feel better  try yoga. the problem may not originate in your knee at all! it may be from some other alignment issue in another part of your body. that is the case for me with my knee pain. it comes from my hips and other alignment issues i have also play a role. the body is all one! In my view, you must look at the whole rather than just a part. Yoga practice helped me to identify where in my body needs work. I hope this helps! Good luck.  I sounds like he damaged the ligaments under the knee. Which only hurts when you pressure on the knee like kneeling of touching. He should get it checked out soon. The longer he waits the worse it will become because of inflammation under the knee. This will cause the knee to eventually lock in a slight bent position and then it will be difficult to move and that is something that you do not want.  Possibly, but could also be due to "soft tissue" issues with the ligaments, muscles, etc. There is also something called a Baker's Cyst that can form behind the knee that might cause these symptoms.  I'm diabetic, 70 and, luckily, haven't had an issue like this. My cuts and bruises take a good while to heal but they do. My mother had problems with minor sores that refused to heal....very similar to your's. If possible, check with a diabetic wound specialist. Often your m.d. doesn't know how to address these things. Her real problem was on her foot, your's is the knee....both areas are constant point of abrasion/inflammation. this seems to be a real problem for us.... scraps on my hands are always annoying.  I think when you have a new symptom and especially pain, you should see a doctor.  Did your husband have flu symtoms such as congestion and coughing prior to the lower back pain? My wife and I both have the same issue. Congestion, cough brought on by the congestion, a day of pink eye, and now the sore back.  Hell no. Sciatica pain is the result of the sciatic nerve which travels down the hip down the backside of the femur. Has nothing to do with the knee joint. It's a nerve impigment at the hip level. But it does hurt down the backside of the thigh. It's caused by the sciatic nerve which travels down thru the piraforma muscle in the butt muscle, which entraps it. It's very painful and very common.  Doesn't sound like an ACL so much. More like either a Baker's cyst or an aneurysm. I don't know much about Baker's cysts but that's where they happen. Could also be a ganglion cyst. I've seen aneurysms though. Get it fixed. By the way, get a good doctor. Apparently the surgical approach is important. Just learned that recently, for the Baker's Cyst. Get a second opinion. The lateral approach could end with tingling down the lateral aspect of the lower leg. Small town doctor versus a big city doctor.... Just what I was told. All due respect.  I also have osteoarthritis in my joints. I have been using celadrin for the past 2 months and have noticed a huge difference in the swelling and pain level in my knees. I don't feel the grinding any more either. Maybe you can ask your Dr. about this?  AFTER KNEE REPLACEMENT I FELT IT WOULD BE NORMAL,IN TIME.IVE HAD TWO OTHER OTHROSCOPIC KNEE SURGERYS AND FOUR SHOULDER OPERATIONS,THEY ALL HEALED 100%MY SUREGON SAID TWO YEARS.NOW MY NEW DR.SAYS IT WILL ALWAYS DO THAT???  I suggest you get a blood test for him. My daughter had similar symptoms that were attributed to "bruises" for normal play (she was 3 at the time). Her bruises first appeared on the shins and seemed to stay in the legs. She also got Pitikia (tiny red spots that are broken blood vessels) on her chest and stomach area and after about the 3rd day she got blisters in her mouth that looked black (like blood blisters). A blood test revealed she had ITP, a blood disorder- low platelet count. Her case was an acute (one time) situation but she was monitored with blood tests for 6 months. Her case was severe requiring a hospital stay and medication to increase her platelets. I'm not a doctor just a mom with this experience. Her symptoms were minimized by doctors until they got the results from the blood test and then they had me rush her to the hospital. Better to be safe then sorry- I suggest you request a blood test.  I have CMT (Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, a form of Muscular Dystrophy), and drink Schwepps Tonic Water to relieve leg and arm cramps. Tonic water contains quinine (at low levels). I have found that when chilled, the Tonic Water tastes similar to grapefruit juice. Quinine pills are also available, but I have read that gastrointestinal distress can result from the pills. I hope this helps you.  I started having back pain a year ago, they x-rayed my back and found out I have DDD and I have a kidney stone. Back pain can be caused by many things, have your back x-rayed to start with. Yes repetitious work can cause problems. I know from the type of repetitious work I have done in my life.  A virus may in fact be attacking joints!Ask doctor to tri anti-virus medicine you will notice emprovment in two weeks!  How long must you be off of it before it is okay?  Hmm, you need a little glue and they don't want to do anything. Maybe a third opinion at a medical university would help you. I hope you get answers. Maybe it's a defective replacement. Has there been a recall on it? In my opinion, you shouldn't have to live with pain when you need a little glue. I'm a bolder, wiser person who was close to death a few years back when a few local doctors couldn't find leukemia in my blood. I knew what I had from research of my symptoms and referred myself to a medical university that saved my life. Anyway... My mother has had a lot of pain and swelling on her 2nd knee replacement. I think the second one was done a few years after the first, and that was about 10 years ago. Doctors brushed her off til recently when they finally did an x-ray. She's going to a different doctor in the same practice. (I would have suggested a different practice, but I'm out of state.) Unfortunately the knee cap broke off and is on the side of her knee causing pain. We don't know how long it has been there. I'm guessing years. She is scheduled for surgery next month. They told her originally that she would be in the hospital overnight. Now it could be up to 5 days. I've got a feeling that they want to replace that knee again, so I'm quite upset about it after the 3rd surgery on the same knee. Good luck to you with whatever you decide/have decided to do.  I had knee replacement in August 2012 and still have numbness from knee to ankle and stiffness and tightness extending around to calf.  I have similar symptoms of knee pain as you show. I also get mine from standing too long in lines or while I'm at work. I was diagnosed some years ago as having weak ligaments in both knees. I spent 6 weeks in intense physical therapy that included mild electro shock therapy on the muscles and ligaments. Once I was cleared from pt, they gave me a series of exercises to do on a daily basis and it helped. One of them was to find a door way that has a slight step up or use a block to stand on, and with your knee that is hurting slowly lower your other foot down to the ground and come back up about 10x to start with. You also should probably see a doctor to make sure there is no issue as far as a torn or inflamed acl tcl or mcl.  no but have bulging disk and nerve conduction problems per emg test  its ok its normal i work standing up for 10 hours a day n the same thing happens to me usauley a warm batch and some epsom salt that can help  If your having new problems breathing go to an emergency room near you, or call 911. The other information is not useful to further diagnose you without an examination and/or tests. If you have had a past medical history of blood clots, or recent surgery, you should call 911 imediately.  Use ice to reduce swelling as soon as possible If no improvement in 1 wk see doctor,may have damaged sac under knee cap.  Im not sure but maybe it could be nerve damage.  