I began masturbating as a small child. I didn't know anybody else did it, but decided it was wrong and kept trying to stop! Anyhow I did it lying on my stomach and it was many years before I read that doing it that way could be bad for one, but I don't remember why unless it was too much pressure on the penis. Eventually I learned that masturbation in general was not only not immoral depending on the circumstances, but it took me a long time to learn to do it lying on my back, but it was something I rarely did until after my wife died.  It could be the lotion. Even though it's meant to moisturize, an inexpensive lotion can contain alcohol and other drying chemicals, and some of these substances can cause dermatitis or allergic reactions. Keep in mind, too, that a lotion is actually meant to be absorbed, so it doesn't really do the trick as a lube. You're better off using a water-based personal lubricant meant for the purpose, and you can follow up when you're done by washing and then applying a penis health creme (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) to soothe, moisturize and rejuvenate the skin.  No. You can contract STI through vaginal intercourse, oral sex, sharing needles. On the rarest occasion, you can also contract STI if the infected persons blood gets into your blood stream   It is possible that your workouts are causing you to become over stimulated and resulting in an increased metabolism and nightmares. Sometimes nightmares occur unprompted , but most of the time there are medical or psychological reasons behind the sleep disturbance. Some causes of adult nightmares may include: emotional stress, disorders such as PTSD, engaging in increased physical activities, taking certain medications, drug abuse, sleep deprivation, viewing movies or reading books with violent and terrifying scenes or themes, and traumatic injuries. Below is a link to a WebMd article on the topic of adult nightmares. http://www.webmd.com/sleep-disorders/guide/nightmares-in-adults  Of course yes HPV can be transmitted from dried blood up to seven days within contact. Read Emt manual online  What were you doing at the times of your orgasm? For example what positions? Sometimes it can be the position your in. Sounds wierd but it's true. Try and remember the position you last was in when you was ablw to orgasm, and give it a try. Sometimes men can only orgasm in one certain position as for the same for the females.  Just a normal result of growing up.  I have sexual dreams at least a couple times a week. They are all pleasant dream and I enjoy them. My wife is in about half of the dreams. I don't want them to stop. Why would you want them to stop unless they are unpleasant. You say you have nocturnal emissions. I see this as a sign that the dreams are fun and exciting. Just enjoy.  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds very distressing. The only decent advice I can give you is to see a counselor or psychotherapist who has experience treating sexual issues. I applaud your commitment to your girlfriend not to cheat on her, but I also hasten to reassure you masturbation is normal. I also recognize some religions frown on self-pleasure. So, if this is an issue to you, I again suggest you see a counselor. You also could make an appointment with your primary health care provider to discuss this issue. It's possible there is some type of medication that can be given to reduce the male sex drive. I'm not aware of what this might be. Again, I think you're being very noble by honoring your girlfriend. You also deserve to have your needs met, however. And for that reason I hope you seek out a therapist who can help you sort through this. Wishing you all the best!  It's possible you could overcome delayed ejaculation by reducing the number of times you masturbate. Masturbation can desensitize the penis, resulting in delayed ejaculation during intercourse. Please be sure to practice safe sex. Using a condom not only helps prevent unwanted pregnancy, it helps protect both you and your girlfriend from swapping any sexually transmitted diseases. A condom may not entirely protect you from or because it doesn't cover all of the skin areas that may come into contact with infected areas. But it's better than no protection at all. If you continue to have problems reaching orgasm during intercourse, I'd suggest you consult a psychotherapist who specializes in sex issues. It's possible (though not likely) there's something else going on here besides desensitization of the penis. Lastly, I should mention that I hope your girlfriend also is at least 18. Otherwise, you know, your relationship is not exactly ethical (and not legal in many places). And that's no basis for a relationship. Wishing you all the best!  I'm not sure what problems you feel you're experiencing from "over-masturbation." In fact, I'm not aware of any health concerns related to frequent masturbation at all. You can rest assured that frequent ejaculation does not affect the level of amino acids in your system. Nor will taking amino acid supplements make you more virile. If you're feeling guilty about masturbating frequently or feel it's affecting your health, I suggest you see a counselor who can help you sort out why you feel this way. Take care!  I'm neither a guy nor a urologist, but one thing I feel pretty confident saying is this: circumcised or not, masturbation shouldn't hurt (or sting uncomfortably). Of course, the penis always swells when it's aroused. The swelling causes the penis to stay erect for penetration during sexual intercourse. If that's the type of swelling you're talking about, then it's perfectly normal. If you're implying you experience an abnormal swelling other than a normal erection, then that's worth investigating. I suggest you see a urologist to explain what's going on and find out if what you're experiencing is normal or is something that needs to be addressed. Do not feel embarrassed consulting a urologist. They deal with questions like yours every day and will respond in a respectful and dignified way. You have a legitimate concern, after all. Take care!  Exploration of thier bodies, is normal behavior for toddlers and preschoolers. About 1/3 of children this age occasionally masturbate. This may happen when they are bored or sleepy and they can appear dazed and pre-occupied. Most kids who do this will continue to do it occasionally until age 5 or 6, at which point they may do it privately. Masturbation does not cause any physical or psychological harm. As long as it is not done in public, it is not harmful. It is important not to be upset in front of your child and just to set parameters such as 'you can do that when you are in your room or when you are going to sleep'. Reacting negatively will not help it stop. If you are not sure this is masturbation, talk to your doctor. Also, if you are worried or concerned, speak to your pediatrician.  Religion is your problem , not masturbation !!! You do not masturbate excessively , in a way that might impare your health , masturbation relieves tension . Another way to relieve tension is to take up an active and exhaustive sport , or some other activity that completely occupies your mind . Idleness leaves time for thoughts of sex and masturbation . There is nothing wrong in masturbation , many people do it , so don't feel guilty about it .  Masturbation is not a necessity and if a person does not want to engage in the practice, there is no reason that he should; however, if he opts not to masturbate and it is not due to reasons such as religious beliefs, being too busy, enjoys exerting willpower, etc., he may want to consider consulting with a doctor in case he has a low libido and might want to take steps to address that issue. On a separate note, all men should keep an eye on their penis health; using a top notch penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) can help. A good bet is a cream that includes L-arginine, which can help with penis blood flow issues.  Only a doctor can say for sure, but from what youve said, it sounds like some form of dermatological irritation. If that is the case, try using a top notch penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil). Look for one that includes a high end emollient like she abutter, to soothe the irritated skin and help moisturize the skin. Good luck!  Every man masturbates; theres nothing wrong with it and it actually helps improve a mans sexual ability by making him knowledgeable about what stimulation his penis responds to and, in many cases, by helping a man learn how to prolong his need to ejaculate. It also seems to help keep the prostate healthier, which is a great thing. Masturbating often makes a penis sore, of course, so do regularly use a top drawer penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) with a high end emollient like shea butter and a natural hydrator like vitamin E.   Thats the way people are built; stimulation of the genitals is pleasurable and enticing. Masturbation is a wonderful way to experience pleasure and to get to better know your body at the same time. Masturbating can sometimes lead to a sore (if contented) penis, so men should regularly use a top notch penis nutrient cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) with a high end emollient like shea butter to keep the penis pampered and happy.  Masturbating is really just amatter of following your instincts. Put some lubrication on your hands, rub it into your penis, then just gently rub your penis until it gets hard - and then keep rubbing. Some guys prefer to rub their penis against something else instead of using their hands. There are lots of variations - jsut experiment and see what works for you! And have FUN.  Porn is only detrimental to your health when watched excessively.  Porn is only a problem when it consumes your mind. Your conscious mind can only focus on one task at a time, so if your mind is thinking about someone else's sexual experience when you are having intercourse you will not be able to manage your own arousal levels. This lack of correct focus can make one man lose his erection and another man ejaculate early.  Usually when masturbating the only side effect is stomach cramp  I don't think a stroke would be the cause.it could be the way you are different people get erections quicker than others while others slower.when you masturbait think about the women you like doing it for you that may train you when you see her to get an erection.are you masturbating properly?  You are fine but when you masturbait don't hold gum in it will eventually pry open penis hole.also if your erections are bigger than normal then yes some pre vim might leak.  Sorry I meant cum   The kind of swelling you're describing doesn't sound typical to me; at a guess, I'd say it may mean that you have an infection. (That doesn't necessary mean an STI, BTW  it can be a typical, garden-variety infection). But make an appointment to see a urologist so he or she can assess it live and in person and let you know how it should be treated. Too many men decide to just ignore things like this because they're embarrassed, but keeping an eye on penis health is really important. Guys need to check themselves out every day, just to see if there are any changes that might indicate something. It also can help to use a good penis nutrient cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) regularly. One with vitamin A can also help to fight penis odor, a common problem for many men. Good luck!   First, its good to be concerned and thoughtful about how you will please your partner  just dont get too worried about it; approaching it with relaxation and ease is more productive for you. Second, try practicing edging for a couple of weeks. Edging involves masturbating right up until the point of ejaculating then stopping before the ejaculation occurs; letting the urge to ejaculate subside; then masturbating to the edge again; and repeating this over and over without ejaculating for as long as you can  at least half an hour. Doing this every day for 2-3 weeks helps many men learn control over their ejaculations when with a partner. It also gives them a sore, red penis, but using a quality penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) that includes both vitamin E (a natural hydrator) and she abutter (an excellent emollient) can help reduce the soreness.   Yep. I'm a big wanker myself  when I'm in the mood, I can go for hours and get pretty rough handling going on, so I've been in the same boat myself. My tool had gotten really dulled in feeling, so I started using man1 Man Oil and now it's great  it's livelier and really responds better to the touch and really great. So yeah, definitely get some and try it yourself. You don't wanna mess around with losing sensation in your equipment.   Yep. I'm a big wanker myself  when I'm in the mood, I can go for hours and get pretty rough handling going on, so I've been in the same boat myself. My tool had gotten really dulled in feeling, so I started using man1 Man Oil and now it's great  it's livelier and really responds better to the touch and really great. So yeah, definitely get some and try it yourself. You don't wanna mess around with losing sensation in your equipment.  I hear you, bro. I'm a big-time wanker myself (why not, right?) and I used to get a really numb knob after whacking too much. Try what I did, which is using Man1 Man Oil; it has something in its, one of those ingredients with a name you can't pronounce, that helps make the tool sensitivie again. Really works!   OK, I can identify with your bf  I have a hard time keeping my hands off myself. And yeah, I get really, really sore sometimes, and raw skin and all, but I've been using Man1 Man Oil for a while now and it really helps me. A tool that gets all that use needs to get moisturized, and this stuff really does it great for me. Definitely do get it - and what a cool thing for a gf to do for her guy.  Unlikely, but if the semen wasn't dried up or dead yet, and if you were at a stage of ovulation, then there is a possibility. Throw caution to the wind if you are not aiming to have a bun in the oven, and take a test or use the Plan B pill; it's most effective within the first 72 hours/3 days of intercourse.  No it is not.  Hi So you have been masturbating for 12 years, nothing wrong there unless you have been over masturbating say 3 times a day or more, then you have been putting a strain on your system, but if its just once a day to 3 times a week, the things will be OK One thing if you have been using a tight grip to masturbate then now is the time to stop, stop an change over, when we masturbate, it needs to be done with w feather light touch, your future wifes vagina, the feeling will be the same, just a light touch, so you now need to change over to this kind of touch, try using some baby oil your find it will help the feelings. If you do want to do a test the only one you could have would be a sperm test, just to see if your sperm is healthy. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just a thought this morning, There is a site, www.franktalk.org its for guys like you, with prostate problems, its as it says the talk is frank, just a thought for some extra help from guys with the same kind of problems, your see me on there as NOWHARD. Good Luck PS If you want to you cam PM me from there.  Hi Ok do you wash behind your foreskin daily, or even twice daily, this keeps it healthy. Is your foreskin tight to pull back as well, if so get some baby oil, and slowly start stretching it with both hands side ways and length ways, do the twice a day, and very slowly it will become bigger, and your get no pain when you pull it back. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, No Just sperm, but by doing will increase your body heat from all the exercise your getting. But when it comes to masturbating, just use a featherlight touch, use some oil, baby oil, olive oil or coconut oil, they will keep your penis healthy, and don't forget to wash it daily, and don't forget behind your foreskin. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Could be that your overweight, but get your thyroid checked by your doctor, if he/she wants to know why do tell the truth. If you enjoy doing it, then don't embarrassed about saying so, you have on here, could be to do with orgasms. Its either your doctor, or just keep to one orgasm a day. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK I think I'm right being a grain of rice, ok with some oil on your penis, slowly massage it, with a bit of luck it just may go, its worked a couple of times with me. Now this may be from plaque in your blood, you can clear this by taken cayenne pepper, just mix some in tomato paste and thin with olive oil, take 3 small spoonful's each morning when you get up, wash each one down with water, keep taken it for a couple of weeks, it will make you feel good, this is because your blood will now flow better, after a couple of weeks just do it 3 or 4 times a week. Hope this helps you, use Bing as a translator. Good Luck  Hi Just sounds like a pimple, try putting a hot towel on it and after a 5 minutes try giving it a good squeeze, see what comes out, once you have done that and got the puss out, just give it a nice sea salt wash to help clean and heal it, you should find things get back to normal in 24 hours. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Snyder, You must stop using a blanket or pillow for masturbating, cant see how you got a friction blister any other way, keep the and you will do some real damage to your penis. Just think of this, as men we get one penis, break it, that's it, you cant get a replacement one. Good Luck  Hi If you was doing this to get a stronger erection, your find lots of guys do this, those of us with ED or have had it , do it, that's the same idea of cock rings, it gives restriction and holds the blood for better erections, the good thing is it does work. So I would just give it a couple of days to see if it goes away, as long as you can still get erections, urinate, ejeculate then there cant be much wrong. You may have just burst a small vein, it could be the reason for the mark that you have. Do Hope This Helps. Good Luck  Hi You sat, open your penis, do you mean pulling back your foreskin? If that's what you mean when I was a boy we called cheese, smell not good as well, and its not seamen, Its real name is smegma, but read this it may help you. Don't believe the hype: uncut does not equal unclean. All penises have a unique smell, and smegma (the white cheesy stuff that appears from nowhere under the foreskin) is a completely natural build up. However you should wash under your foreskin every day to avoid smelling cheesy. To do this effectively, gently pull back your foreskin, wash with warm water and gentle (un-perfumed) soap and pat dry. Then replace the foreskin and admire. Now this is just for information, if at anytime in the future your foreskin gets tight and you cant pull it back, then this is what you do, your going to stretch it. Slowly, with the aid of some baby oil this you rub into the foreskin, and with both hands and fingers you take your foreskin from both sides by just pinching it and slowly stretch it both side ways and length ways, its ok it not that easy to break, and slowly it will stretch, so when it come back freely the you can stop doing it twice a day, sorry forgot to say twice a day is best. Do hope all this helps you. Good Luck  To Lightingguy, yes that all he needs is a bottle expensive Man ! man oil, now let me guess you work for Man 1 Man somehow you seem to push it a lot, tell you what your going to be reported, your just advertising.  Hi Its a bit hard just trying to help over the web, its a visual thing, look I'm not saying its an STI or STD, but please try an STD/GUM Clinic, the staff do not just do STDs, and they could help you best over your problem. Tell them what you have tried, perhaps they have something better. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well at 18 masturbation is not any problem to you, men who masturbate regular have good prostates, and helps to keep your system ticking over, but when you do masturbate only use a very light feather like touch to your penis, us some baby oil as well, masturbation should be like the inside of the vagina, soft and light. As for size? if this is erect and your growing, your getting there, so don't worry, as for length of time masturbating your not that bad, but stop timing your self and enjoy the moment, remember your masturbating with your best friend. But there is a simple exercise called edging, just go to www.pegym.com and look under exercises, your find edging there, just follow what they say, have a good luck round on site your find it interesting. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi So you can squirt, your a very lucky women then, and you must love the taste of you own ejaculate, there is nothing wrong with that. But your taste can depend on what you eat, just like male sperm, ours gets its flavour from what we eat. Does that help. Good Luck  Hi, First you are your best drug for this problem, if you are to be king of you domain. Its very simple thing to do, just go to www,pegym.com look under exercises, and your looking for edging, its on page 2, once you get this going your be able to last all night, your be your new wife's real lover. Do hope edging dose it for you. Good Luck  Hi So you can squirt, your a very lucky women then, and you must love the taste of you own ejaculate, there is nothing wrong with that. But your taste can depend on what you eat, just like male sperm, ours gets its flavour from what we eat. Does that help. Good Luck  Hi You pose a, to be honest its an unanswerable question, you either married or in a good relationship, and sounds very solid? getting into swinging or swapping is very dangerous grounds, just for that little bit if extra sex could break your relationship, then you would be getting no real sex apart from masturbation. I do think a good vibrator would help you or perhaps even two, but for some real help with your problem, try posting to Dr Betty Dodson on www.dodsonandross.com but be warned you may get the same kind if answer, but do have a good look around the site you may find some ideas about masturbating, Betty is the queen of masturbation and a guru to orgasms, your see why on site. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It would have been so nice if you had given your age, see age helps a lot when trying to work out what's wrong with you. Nocturnal erections unless there really intense then you would not know if your getting one, but how about morning woods, do you get any? If you look up ED erectile dysfunction, your find it means not having an erection good enough for sex, but you get one good enough for masturbation, if that's the fact then its not ED, and believe me when you do get ED you will know about it. A 5 inch erect penis means your normal as erections go, but if you feel you would like to be longer and thicker, then www.pegym.com is the place to go, if you go there do have a good look round the forums, have a look at the photos these are from guys just starting guiys mid way through there programs, and guys just finished the PE work. Now this is not a quick fix, it will take lots of your spare time up for anything up to two years. Now a warning these exercises can give you ED, but if you don't rush or push the programs and just do as you told to then things should be OK. If you join pegym you can pm me through it by finding NOWHARD on there. One last thing if you don't want to go through this on pegym, then try a cock ring, because I have had ED, I have a hardwear ice from www.myharswear.com this should give you some good boners, you can wear it 24/7, so your always ready for action. Do hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi For now the best thing you can do for now is just wait, to when your next period should happen, then if it does not you either get a test done at your doctors to see if you are pregnant, or you just go for the abortion pill depending on what you think you need to do, its at this point you will have to decide on what you want to do? Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Do you mean a boil? is this inside or on your lips labia, major or minor, if you shave and its on one of your lips, it could be an ingrowing hair from shaving, if so give it a squeeze see in any puss come out, if you can see it, and if you can see a small black line inside that's the hair, with a clean needle pick it out and just pluck it away, should be gone in 24 hours. If right do hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi, The way out of over masturbation is to take a complete 8 week break, so for the next 8 weeks you do not touch yourself apart from cleaning it, you have no sexual contact, at about 4 weeks you should start getting nocturnal erection's, and start getting morning woods back. Now if all this works to plan you should be back to normal, but just try and keep the masturbating to twice a week, its tick over till you get to having regular sex, then you can have that as much as you like? reason, when we have sex our body's release, different chemicals to when we masturbate. So0 your best plan is find yourself a good women have lots of safe sex, and enjoy yourself. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Why are you here asking this question, is it you who is afraid more than her of her being pregnant? sounds like it to me. If she is your partner full time, get her on some kind of BC, like the pill, the ring, the cap or IUD, but not depo shot. I cant see how you think she could be pregnant? can you? Good Luck  Hi, Well masturbating will not hurt you done right, but not having a period for 3 months, the best place would with your doctor and get yourself sorted out with him/her. A tip, go have a look on www.dodsonandross.com on there you will find all the information you will ever need on masturbating and how to orgasm, Dr Betty Dodson is a guru on masturbating and how to orgasm, in fact she runs open class's for women one how to do both. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your sex life had died, sorry, but first sperm just get absorbed into your body if not ejaculated. But the odd weekly masturbation would help keep your sperm moving along, if you have not had sex for sometime, at first it will be a bit thick, and may look like frogs spawn in texture, so for the first week you may need to do it daily just clear out your system, then just once a week to keep it ticking over, like a well oil machine. You never know some day you just might need it to work for you, doing this it will. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes Masturbation will keep your prostate healthy, so doing this should help with urination. Two things you could try to add to prostate health is cayenne pepper and turmeric, these two you can mix into tomato paste and thin with olive oil, and take 3 teaspoonful's first thing each morning, wash each one down with water, if you try this start at a low heat. You can google both for more info, just google cayenne pepper and the prostate, a the same for turmeric. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Edging is an exercise for guys with PE, its OK to do as this will train your penis to last longer during sex. So at 13 are you getting a lot of sex? Next time your doing this and you mistime and ejaculate, stop don't keep going, you could end up with ED (erectile dysfunction ) and at 13 this you do not need. So please at 13 just try and cut back on the masturbating to 2 to 3 times a week, and when you do don't go over masturbating. Something to pounder on, Man gets one life, with this he gets one penis, break it, damage it, or give yourself any other problems, that's it you cant get a new one, the one you have has to last a life time, treat it well and it will last a life time. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Edging is an exercise for guys with PE, its OK to do as this will train your penis to last longer during sex. So at 13 are you getting a lot of sex? Next time your doing this and you mistime and ejaculate, stop don't keep going, you could end up with ED (erectile dysfunction ) and at 13 this you do not need. So please at 13 just try and cut back on the masturbating to 2 to 3 times a week, and when you do don't go over masturbating. Something to pounder on, Man gets one life, with this he gets one penis, break it, damage it, or give yourself any other problems, that's it you cant get a new one, the one you have has to last a life time, treat it well and it will last a life time. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If he has sperm in his urine, the he has retrograde ejaculations, this means when he ejaculates it goes backwards into his bladder at the point of orgasm, if he thinks this what is happening, then he should see his doctor ASAP. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi No any sperm on your penis would be dead as soon as it dried or before even, but there is also a chance of sperm being in pre-cum, not many but it only takes one sperm at the right time of the month. Now The Telling Off, OK your young, dumb and full of cum, but never thought of condoms, has your g/f never thought of the BC pill, or the cap, an IUD, but do keep her away from depo shot, tell her to google depo shot side effects, that will put her off it. But never have unprotected sex, unless you want a baby. Good Luck  Hi, Your problem stems from not playing with yourself as a young child, as most of us did, and by not doing so, your foreskin was not stretched. So now is the time to start, with some baby oil massaged in it just start stretching it lengthways and sideways, but not over doing it by try and do twice daily, and slowly you will be able to get it over your gland, you need to make stretched so it can do it easily, this way it will move like that when you have sex. Good Luck  Hi he's just dreaming of having sex with you, it can happen, but some how he's not going all the way and having wet dreams. What's behind it? who knows, you have not said if its a nightly thing or just the odd night. As long as he is still making love to you, that would be the important thing for you, yes, then I would not go looking for an answer to deeply. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So IC is Interstitial Cystitis? Yes Link to, http://www.christianacare.org/interstitialcystitis Copy this link into google to open and read. So as you read down you will see vaginal burning, seems its a common thing, but not with all women. One more link to look at for help Link to, http://www.webmd.com/urinary-incontinence-oab/overactive-bladder-treatment-finding-best-options This one will just open. But you co0uld try washing your vagina with a nice warn sea salt wash twice daily, you may find this help cut down on the burning, and hope it may even get rid of it for you, just use a desert spoonful with each wash. Having a look round and thinking garlic, could help found this site, and there is some natural extra tips for you. Link to, http://montrealhealthygirl.com/natural-pain-reducing-tools-interstitial-cystitis/ Just copy into google to open and read. When it comes to inserting garlic cloves, like she says, insert a string through it, makes it far easier the next morning to get it out, bit like a tampon. OK this link is for a yeast infection, but a lot will help just the same. Link To, http://www.midwiferytoday.com/articles/garlic.asp Again just copy into google to oipen and read. Now looking for you clitoris, have you tried looking at any pictures of vaginas, try this link, http://beautifullabia.tumblr.com/ , theres so many to look at, and your see just were it is, so just copy link into google to open and read. OK www.dodsonandross.com this is the site to go to for a good sex life packed with info, and lots on female masturbation, and lots on how to orgasm, Dr Betty Dodson is the queen of orgasm and a guru on masturbation, if you have a question just post to Dr Betty any time and she dose do the answering, its a good site you will just love it. Again just copy into google to open and read. Do hope you find lots of help here. Good Luck  Hi So your over masturbating then not good for you, have a read of this below, it could help. Why is sexual intercourse more satisfying than masturbation alone? Scientists think the two might be linked. Making abstraction of psychological arguments, scientists looked for the chemical substances released after orgasm. In order to do such a thing they turned to volunteers who agreed to masturbate or to have sexual intercourse in the lab. Stuart Brody of the University of Paisley, UK, and Tillmann Kruger of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich, measured blood prolactin levels in male and female volunteers after orgasm. Prolactin is a hormone released after orgasm into the bloodstream in both men and women. This hormone counteracts the effects of another hormone, called dopamine, which is released during sexual arousal. What scientists found was that, after orgasm from sexual intercourse, the increase in blood prolactin levels is 4 times higher in both sexes compared with the levels after orgasm from masturbation. According to Brody, this explains why orgasm from intercourse is more satisfying than masturbation. This discovery also explains why men experience a "recovery period" because elevated levels of prolactin have been previously linked to erectile dysfunction. So, the increase of this hormone, needed to counteract the escalating levels of dopamine, produces the "recovery period". Now what you need to do is take a complete 8 week sabbatical of no masturbating or sexual contact, this will give your body a chance e to heal and reboot, if its working after 4 weeks you should start to get your nocturnal erections and morning woods back, bot you leave your penis alone, just wait for week 8, but take note of above it all makes sense. And don't fro get over masturbating can have some side effects, eye floaters, hair lose, memory lose, give nerve problems. Do yourself a favour, find a women. Good Luck  Hi OK do you mean you can ejaculate but no orgasm? or just nothing not even a feeling of anything? Could be when you masturbate, that you not really in the mood, if you minds wondering, then that's your reason, as men we do need to stay focused, try that and see how you go, but don't do it to porn, your problems could even worst, ED for a start, total ED that is, penis not staying erect for sex, the list goes on. One last thing as long as this dose not upset your wife, try taken a sex break say for 4 weeks, you do nothing, no sexual contact or masturbating. Your best bet would be to discuss this with your wife and do tell her what your problems are, a problem shared could help ease your now stress. Are you getting any nocturnal erections? or morning woods? Hope there is some help here. Good Luck  Hi, If you washed and dried your hands the answer would be yes, your safe to masturbate after you doing that. Good Luck  Hi Just a couple of things that may help with masturbating, when your masturbating or going think of your g/f if you have one, Naked, again with the best looking girl in your class, year or school, Naked, your find this will help. to fantasize and by doing this is will help with your masturbating to ejeulation. You can also add to this list pop stars, film stars, and anybody you really fancy to have sex with, these will get you there. If your still finding problems the is a very good, site to visit, its www.dodsonandross,com, just copy this into google, it will get you there. Your find this site very informative, on anything to do with sex, you can post to Dr Betty Dodson, don't worry about her being a women, she is a great and grand lady, she is a sex therapist. But on this one site, all the sex questions you were afraid to ask, well all the answers are there and more. One word of warning sometime you will find porn if you have not already, but never masturbate to porn, it will give you loads of problems later in life, it could shut down your sex life, and give you ED problems. And last never over masturbate, once a day is great, leave it at that. OK hope something here helps you to a future sex life, that your at the start of. Good Luck  Hi just a guy who helps others, like you, but you could just get the same answer, its all from doing research on your problem. But if you are having a problem with your prostate have a read up about TUNA, ok its not the fish, you may find it interesting, I know somebody who has had it done, recons its the best thing to have. So there you go more help if you want it. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Anytime you play around with prostitutes there is always the chance of an STI or STD, and even when you don't have full unprotected sex. When you with a prostitute its liken stepping in to a mine field, the bang come in a different way. Depending how long ago this was, I would say see an STD/GUM Clinic 4 weeks after the event for testing. This way it will clear you mind. Good Luck  Hi Think of this in future, Man has one life, he gets one penis, it has to last a life time, you should have been round your doctors the day you first found it, so doctor ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you have been over masturbating, to get to this point, if you can just cut out masturbating for the next 6 weeks, this will give your body a chance reboot and heal its self, then you should be back to normal. But cut down your masturbation to just 3 times a week, this way you will not be overloading your system. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Your best way would be see your doctor when its up, don t be afraid of telling your doctor how your get it, as we have all masturbated at sometime, and some of us still do, whether were man or women. Your problem is, its visual, so just let your doctor have a look. The only thing that comes to mind would be a hemorrhoid, that comes out when you get excited, from masturbating or during. Hope you can find some help with this. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you have been over masturbating, to get to this point, if you can just cut out masturbating for the next 6 weeks, this will give your body a chance reboot and heal its self, then you should be back to normal. But cut down your masturbation to just 3 times a week, this way you will not be overloading your system. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Your find that the clear liquid is from squirting or ejaculating in the female form, it means that your hitting the rite note sexually, and having orgasms. As for bleeding, this could be that when your masturbating your to dry, suggest you get your self some sex oil for that bit of extra lubrication. Getting urine inside should not do any damage. But as your getting to know your body and have interests in masturbation and having orgasms, try this site, www.dodsonandross.com Dr Betty Dodson is a guru in both masturbation and how to orgasm, she takes life one orgasm at a time, she runs life class's on both, you can down load vids to learn any extra technics of how to on both, any other problems your getting you can post to Dr Betty. Do hope all this helps you for the future. Good Luck  Hi, Sorry just found this post of yours, It would help to know if your male or female? But if your a female just go to www,dodsonandross.com on here your find loads of help from Dr Betty Dodson, she is the queen of female masturbation and a guru of how to orgasm, she runs life class's in NY and around the states showing women just how to. If you a male you could still find some help on there. If not just post to Dr Betty Dodson, she will point you in the right direction. Hope this helps if a wee bit late, still better late then never. Good Luck  Hi, See Answer above.  Hi, For a start cut out the porn and no masturbating, and if its over masturbating, I would suggest you cut these out. The porn will shutdown your sexual receptors, and over masturbating will cause loss of erections. Try taken a break for say 4 weeks, in this time now sexual contact or masturbating, and no porn, the porn you must kick the habit. In this 4 weeks see if your getting nocturnal erections and morning woods, if not go 4 more weeks doing just the same. One of the problems could be your blood, one part of ED is blood problems, for good strong erections, we need good clean blood. Other things you must do is cut out fast foods and junk foods, cut out any alcohol, eat healthy, get out and do some exercising, do this and your on your way to getting your anytime erections back. Try these there some posts I have on franktalk, google them its far quicker than trying to find them. DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERB MY CHOICE, same again and add, DAILY INTAKE, NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS AND HOHARDS HERBS FOR ED, PART 2, yes I have had ED and now over it, get erections anytime, all of what you read I do daily, but I now leave out the ginger, its all down to a mix and not just one thing, lots of guys say tried this or that, but never together, now what you read is my mix, you may need to change it for you, could be just one or two things, for it to work. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Your just a normal young man, I would not worry to much as when it comes to sex and your g/f is on BC, she will be only to glad that you can do that, as they say wetter the better, and that's when it comes to sex OK. Just don't worry your normal. Good Luck  Hi No doubt he urinated far more than just once, each time he urinated he is flushing his urethra. So I think you should be OK, Look if you that worried, either get on the pill or a Nuvaring as protection, that way you can do just what you want without all these worries you getting now, just remember his sperm is just like playing with dynamite, do it wrong and BANG, your pregnant. Think safety, think condoms, safe sex is best. Good Luck  Hi I would advise, regular activities can be resumed 1-2 weeks after the surgery and sexual activity can be resumed between 2-4 weeks of the surgery. However, caution should be exercised in resumption of your activities as a slow build-up to earlier activity levels would be advisable. So just take it easy, no rushing, slow and easy would be best. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As they say, play with it, it gets bigger, ok, first have you recently put some extra weight on, say 40 to 50 ponds, its a way to lose some of your length, and masturbating will not shrink your penis. If you fill you want to add some extra length and thickness, try jelqing and stretching, for these exercises just go to www.pegym.com and on there start the beginners course, you can see on site how other guys have done on doing by looking at the photos, have a read on the beginners forum, you can read how guys are doing. But a warning, this is not a quick fix, to gain will take time, you never push or rush any program, you just do as your told to do, if you don't and get it wrong by doing your own thing, you could end up with ED and we don't want that do we. Its safe if you stick to the rules. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK lets take this from the top. Girls, we can not live without them, but your problem each one you look at you want to have sex with, hence the erections. Hard as it may be, just keep them as women, friends. work colleages and girls /women at collage, just try and keep them as that, if you need to think of them any other way, but in privet. As for masturbating, were men, men need to masturbate, but within reason, once a day OK any more you getting into problem area, if you can keep it down to say four days a week, make them special days, just masturbate slowly, with a feather light touch on an oiled penis, your be OK As for stopping or slowing down, there is only one drug, and its you, its all down to you and self control and self discipline by you. Just remember you are your drug. I do hope this helps you and your problem. Good Luck  Hi, Your saying daily masturbation, from what your saying I think its a lot more than just once a day, to create this kind of problem your getting. There is a way out for you, its take a complete 8 week break, by doing this it will help your body reboot, and heal your present problem. During this 8 weeks you do no masturbating or have any sexual contact, that's the important part. This should get you back to square one, and then if you do just masturbate once a day you will be ok, When it comes to masturbating, please use oil for lubrication and just masturbate with a featherlight touch, doing this will give you the same feel as a vagina, and just keep it to a normal speed, never rush at it. Keep to this and your future sex life should be OK. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of seeing a dermatologist, would be a good place to start? Ive had a look round and come up with this its see salt exfoliation, you mix some sea salt in a carrier like shower gel and massage this into your penis, this should help de-sensitise your skin but be careful as you go this massage could be in the form of a slow masturbation, that should work, the salt needs to be course. Its the effect the sea salt has on your skin the dose the work. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Masturbating should resemble sex and the vagina, so you need full stroke with a feather light touch, using some lubrication like baby oil will help to create the right feel as you masturbate, nice long full strokes of you penis, is all you need, on just 2 or 3 days a week is OK Hope this helps you. Good Luck PS You must never over masturbate, gives very bad side effects, when it comes to full sex, as much as you like? its a whole different thing on the body.  Hi JJJ, Your not thinking are you, some guys have problems because they masturbate with a grip of steel, the correct way is just a featherlight touch, which means very little grip around your penis. OK been with a girl yet, have you tried fingering her as a way of masturbation, the feeling you got on your finger or fingers was very light touch, this is the way we need to masturbate, its very soft and light, so that makes it featherlight. So now do you get the picture. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So it fell off, so now its a none bump, it no longer exists, so why worry now its gone? I don't know of anything from masturbating that would cause a bump, unless your masturbating with a tight grip, if so please change it to a feather light grip, by doing this is resembles the way a vagina would fill like, and please use some kind of oil. baby oil will do. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Joey, Yes its like it throbbing, per haps what your getting is pre-ejaculate its almost an opaque liquid, sperm will be thicker mostly white and thick in colour and texture, but colour can change slightly. Sometimes before you ejaculate you may get pre-cum which a clear liquid, but its very important when having sex, its seem's to be sticky, but its a lubricant for sex or helps anyway, some guys produce loads others next to nothing, so don't worry to much on that. So just keep at it once a day, your getting there. Good Luck  Hi OK you have 16 more days to go, I think it would be far better to the 16 more days, than undo any of the work you have had done, you have been saved to be a father, just wait. Its not as though its a lifetime. Good Luck  Hi Two things that go together low libido and low testosterone, so get a blood test done for your T's would be a very good start, its away of finding out just were you are. From there you could start building you self back by going the herbal way, see I'm a fan of herbs they got me out of ED, what you have is ED. ED is not being able to maintain an erection for sex, if you cant do that then you have ED. I now get good erections anytime, morning woods, nocturnal erections. What I use is just my own mix of herbs, not a company mix, all very good and healthy. If your interested get back to me through answer this. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, So after 13 years you now think you have a problem? nothing no nocturnal erections or morning woods? OK I think your first stop will have to be a urologist, and take it from there. Thoughts, are you overweight, are you on antidepressant drugs, diabetic, any other long term drugs or stressed at work and home. These are just some of the things that can do this, just keep this in mind when you see a urologist. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi The words, not good come to mind, but there is help, may take a bit of time, but you can be cured, OK what you have been doing is the same as when guys use a steel like grip to masturbate, and get the same problems as you. You have to remember that the vagina has a very light touch to the penis, when your having sex, so now can you see where your problem now lays. You now need to re-educate your penis through masturbating, with a feather light touch. and the use of baby oil, no need for expensive oil. So by now using a lose grip around your penis that's oiled along with your hand, curl your fingers round your penis, and now with up and down strokes, away you go, keeping it light all the time, don't worry about ejaculating yet just get used to doing this, every day for 5 minutes, for a couple of weeks, then with some really sexy thoughts keep going till you ejaculate, but always keep this grip, feather light. This grip replicates a vagina, and how it feels, once you have mastered this, then is the time to try intercourse again. You could be the man then. Good Luck  Hi Whether your a male or female, masturbation once a week or once a day will not hurt you, for us males it keeps our system ticking over, but try edging, it will help your sex life, for this just go to www.pegym.com there just look under exercises, For the female yes the same masturbation will not hurt you either once a week or daily, same for you edging will help, just as you get near orgasm stop, let the feeling die then off you go again, this you can do 5 to 6 times then go for it, your love it, this last bit works for both men and women. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The words, not good come to mind, but there is help, may take a bit of time, but you can be cured, OK what you have been doing is the same as when guys use a steel like grip to masturbate, and get the same problems as you. You have to remember that the vagina has a very light touch to the penis, when your having sex, so now can you see where your problem now lays. You now need to re-educate your penis through masturbating, with a feather light touch. and the use of baby oil, no need for expensive oil. So by now using a lose grip around your penis that's oiled along with your hand, curl your fingers round your penis, and now with up and down strokes, away you go, keeping it light all the time, don't worry about ejaculating yet just get used to doing this, every day for 5 minutes, for a couple of weeks, then with some really sexy thoughts keep going till you ejaculate, but always keep this grip, feather light. This grip replicates a vagina, and how it feels, once you have mastered this, then is the time to try intercourse again. You could be the man then. Good Luck  Hi, First masturbating 5 to 6 times a day will in time start to have it own side effects on your body. If you think its the drugs doing this well you either start cutting them back or stop them, but see your doctor first and tell him the side effects your now getting, when I say start cutting back just try half the amount your on give it a few days to level out and see how you doing. Its either that or find yourself a women who thrives on lots of sex every day, seems a waist of all that sexual energy, just going into a tissue. Do hope this helps. Good luck   Hi, Is your foreskin stuck? Is it so tight that its restricting the blood going through your penis? if so work some baby oil round it and slowly pull it back out. As for this whiteness under your foreskin, this you don't need, so before you get it back out make sure its gets a good wash, you must keep the underneath of you foreskin clean and healthy, if not your have big problems. So hope you have got it back out, and things are getting back to normal size wise? From what you have said it seems that your foreskin is very tight? yes This is a post from the other day, it shouls help you as well. Stretching your foreskin, its so easy and wont hurt you or your penis, with the aid of some baby oil, just simply grab hold of your foreskin between your thumb and first finger, with both hands your just stretch side ways and length ways, just by stretching and relaxing it both ways for 20 minutes morning and evening, and when your home lunchtimes, it should take around 3 weeks of doing it. But may take a bit longer if its really tight, but when its free you be able to clean behind you foreskin, for good penal health, if not it could cause you a big problem. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This first piece of info is from the UKs NHS its a bit like your Abama scheme, but has been running since the end of WW2. What if I didnt have sex? Its possible for you to get pregnant without having sexual intercourse (penetration) if, for example: sperm get into your vagina  for example, if you or your partner have semen or pre-ejaculate on your fingers and touch your vagina your partner ejaculates near your vagina your partners erect penis comes into contact with your body near your vagina The risk of getting pregnant in this way is very low because sperm can only live for a short time outside of the body. However, if youre not planning a pregnancy, its important to know that its possible to get pregnant in this way. By the way are you natural with pubic hair or shaved? Dr. Hector Chapa answered: If sperm gets around the outside of the vagina, how likely is it to get pregnant? Not likely For conception to occur, several finely tuned processes must occur all in perfect order. First of which is cervical bathing/coating by sperm. The reason this is needed is because of all the volume deposited at the cervix, some will leak out, some will never enter the cervix, some will die in the uterine cavity. Sperm deposited on the exterior of the vagina can't "migrate" into the vaginal canal. Dr. Tony T. Ho answered: My semen came into contact outside of her vagina by my penis, i didn't release sperm there.She also has sist in her overy.Could she get pregnant? Always possible Any time there is contact of semen to a woman's genital vault, there is the possibility of pregnancy. It doesn't sound like it's very likely in this situation, but you won't get a "no, it's not possible" here. Have her do a pregnancy test in 2 weeks to be sure. Dr. Ravi D. Chauhan answered: If sperm gets on or around my vagina, can I get pregnant? Yes In a fertile woman, any contact of sperm with the vaginal tissues can result in conception.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi If you can get an erection then its not ED, for some unknown reason your getting a problem when it comes to sex. OK you either spend a lot of time trying to get over it. When she gives you oral are you giving her oral at the same time? Do you maintain an erection when you give her oral? Can you maintain an erection if you start playing with her breasts? How much foreplay would you say you have, before sex? Do you maintain your thoughts on her when your having sex? Can you maintain an erection if you just masturbate on your own? Before this problem come to the front, how often would you have sex, say 3 times a week or less? Do you watch porn? are you masturbating to porn. OK porn is a great libido lifter, but just in short periods, 10 to 15 minutes max, to much and it will kill your sexual receptors, hence your problem when it comes to full sex, that's if its your problem. Is there something here that rings a bell.  And last sorry could not post all this in one go? Can you get pregnant from sperm outside your body? If a man ejaculates around the labia of a womans vagina the tail like whip of the sperm may guide it to the inside of a womans vagina . The mission of each sperm is to reach the unfertilized egg and it has no problem with heading in the right direction if the travel occurs quickly it can get inside where it can live up to two weeks in the womans uterus before inpregnation. no, once sperm touches oxygen or air it is killed. think of it as bacteria, it dies when its not at body temperature. The two answers above are both false. First of all, sperm are very fragile and they are not on a mission to reach a woman's egg. Truth be told, experiment after experiment has shown that sperm have no sense of direction and can't swim very well. Thus the reason that millions of sperm must be present and ejaculated INSIDE a woman so that maybe a handful can reach an egg (if present). Also sperm don't die when they hit the air, they only die once the semen dies. If you don't know, semen is the liquid you can see that contains the sperm which you can't see. If the semen is dry, the sperm are dead. Think about this, even under perfect conditions where both people are fertile and healthy, the woman is perfectly ovulating, and the man ejaculates directly into her vagina the chances of pregnancy are never more than 80%. So if under perfect conditions it is still relatively difficult to get pregnant than it is nearly impossible to get pregnant in any other fashion. Put it this way, there has never been a case other than the birth of Jesus son of Mary, where a virgin gets pregnant. So in the real world a man can't just ejaculate on a woman and get her pregnant, the two must have sex. It is impossible to keep your virginity and get pregnant because sperm must be inside a woman for her to get pregnant and this can't happen if there is no intercourse. If a man ejaculates on a woman's stomach, face, breasts, etc., there is no chance of pregnancy because the sperm can't just waltz into a woman's vagina. Many women may say that they didn't have sex and yet got pregnant, but this is not the case. Knowledge is power. So there you are there all from different sites Some doctors and some not, but you do have to remember that sperm when ejaculated inside the vagina, is there at your cervix, now just add all the way it has to travel through thick mucus, and then it has to break into the cervix, its a long way to go, I know its there job, and add into that its only a small amount of sperm, it would not be the full load? So lots to have read and think about. But why not give it a try or trial to see if can be done? But please let us know how you got on. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK I do know its hard but if you masturbate and you have said so on here why should you be ashamed of telling your doctor. I think you would have felt something go and it would have hurt really bad, so think of this the average size of a penis is 4.5 to 5.5 inch's long when erect, so some are bigger, so think of the length of your brush handle, so how dose that compere in size. Look as long as your using lubrication when masturbating you should be OK. Here's a tip go to www.dodsonandross.com your find it very interesting, down the left hand side you will see, things like masturbating, how to orgasm, and lots more even when you get to it, first time love making. If your having any sexual problems you can post to Dr Betty Dodson, she is one great lady, and yes she will answer you. Hope your UTI gets better soon and don't worry so much. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The headache could last up to 48 hours, and you could have some leakage for 7 days, but this you wont see, its until the holes heals over, because of you having intense orgasms, or could, I would just leave them off for the 7 days. Just relax and take it easy. Good Luck  Hi Do we take it that this is your hubby or b/f, if he is in deep sleep, then he would not know anything about what your seeing or hearing, if he's not having a wet dream, then he would not know, its only during a wet dream that we come around. When this is going on does he have an erect penis? Does he ejaculate? If not I would not see to much into it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi O the joys of a J Arthur, one of the wrist, spank the monkey, bash the bishop, yes these all mean to masturbate, with the pleasure of ones own penis. Its something we don't did to do, but if your feeling horny, and your wife, g/f are not around then being men we just did it, don't put it off don't try and hold back from it, its not dirty and don't be ashamed, but it will make you fell relaxed. Its something you can do in the shower, the bath, in the car(but not why your driving or why taken a walk in the country. As men do we need it, your read at some point that some men can go through there whole life, and say never done that! But doing it is good for our prostate, keeps our system ticking over till we do need it, so yes, in one way we do need to masturbate, why our body's need it, so for that just once or twice a week will not hurt you. But don't forget, don't use a tight grip, it needs to be feather light just like the feel of the vagina, and use some oil, just baby oil will do or some olive oil if your in the kitchen, shower gel when in the shower, gives that extra clean, same in the bath, or just a bar of soap, it all helps. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, If your getting a white discharge that looks just like cottage cheese with the fishy smell you have BV, its not that serious to have. OK there are two things you can do, one is get to your doctor and get some meds for it, or you can try the very simple sea salt way, this you have to have two baths a day with sea salt in it, a couple of hand fools will do, ok its a warm bath with the sea salt, let the water get inside your vagina, you just do that for a week, should be gone then. Just google bv and sea salt for more info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This clear liquid is just pre-cum, its your g/f she is turning you on, lots of guys get this, its just a part of nature, that you will have to live with, some women get the same thing, so your not alone as a man. OK if you want to get your sex life back along with your morning woods, then you must kick this porn addiction, its closing down your sexual receptors, and taken away your own sex life. You can start right now, you must go 8 week without any kind of sexual contact, no masturbation, no kissing or cuddling, its your only way to go. If its working your know when by week 4 you should start getting good nocturnal erections along with morning woods back, if these start to happen, no touching, just let then die on there own, its all par for the course, then by week 8 things should hopefully be back to normal. If its not quite there yet do 4 more weeks. Now why your doing this you clear out your computer of porn sites, any down loads you have, and throw away any discs you have, get some body to come in and switch on your anti porn switch, they keep the password. This should help you back to a good sex life. Good Luck  Hi, Sounds very much like your PC muscle is weak, try some kegels its just a very simple exercise, to find this exercise just google pegym, look under exercises your find them there, give it a couple of weeks and you should be back to normal, your find that you cam do these anywhere and at anytime. Once your back to normal, just keep them going a couple of times a week, to help keep it working. Good Luck  Hi, Lots of things, first are you saying that your losing your erection between foreplay and sex? When in foreplay are you still clothed or naked, if your still clothed get an erection then undress, that's your mind wondering, that will do it every time, but with more foreplay you should get it back, you could even try some oral sex, even go to the old 69 that should get it back for you. But next time you and your g/f are going for it, get naked why your doing that, then your ready for the big moment. I do hope when your masturbating you use a featherlight touch, doing this will give you the same feel as a vagina, using a to harder grip you will find it very hard to ejeculate during sex. And when your masturbating use some oil, its best for you, baby oil, olive oil or coconut oil, all very good for you, keep away from these very expensive oils, just full of hype. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Have you thought of finding (natural ways out of sexual addiction) now this last bit in brackets you can google, you may find the help you need without drugs, If your penis is still leaking precum, this could be down to a weak, penis neck muscle, kegels could help this the tighten up, its just a very simple exercise, if you go to www,pegym.com and look under exercises, on here your find some info on how to do them. Do hope this works for you. Good Luck  Hi, Common problem with a lot of women, well you could try vitamin B 6, read a good article on this, it got the thumbs up, worked all but three days a month, sex oil which your find lots of place sell, or on line you could also have a read up on www.dodsonandross.com its a site packed with info for women and men on sexual problems, you can also post to Dr Betty Dodson, she's a mind of information on the vagina and its problems. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi A penis fracture is not a good thing and needs to be looked at ASAP, if I was you I would get off to your ER now. Good Luck Don't wait go now.  Hi First have a look on www.cayennepepper.info your find that this can help with the prostate health, and other info for cayenne pepper and the human body. www.altpenis.com, click on prostate cancer, down the bottom of this page click on dealing with enlarged prostate, now going down both of these pages your find loads of ideas for help, its just a case of going down your chosen route for help and the health of your prostate. Just cope each one into google, sorry there not click on links. So Omar hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi so masturbation and small stomach pain, Had an orgasm yet, it could that, that you was having, they come at you in all different ways. Have a look and read about masturbation and orgasms on, www.dodsonandross.com great place to find info on your sexual problems and a good place find help. Left hand side at the top, your see masturbation and how to and how to orgasm. If for some unknown reason you cant see anything just post to Dr Betty Dodson, and she will answer you, she a great lady on all things sexual. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So you wont to know how to masturbate, well from what you have said in your other questions your getting erections yes? So get some baby oil, olive oil put some on your penis, just enough to give a nice slip, your hold around your penis needs to be featherlight. You never masturbate with a strong grip, that's why the featherlight touch, it needs to mimic the vagina for having sex as you get older, ok so far? Now with your erect penis slowly slip your hand in a light grip up and down your penis, with luck you should eleculate, if your not in the bath room use a hanky or tissues to catch your sperm. If you do why your showering use soap or shower gel, really keeps it clean. Job done. And don't forget penis health, always clean behind you foreskin, daily, and if you like just use a little baby oil on your penis, keeps it soft. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just give it a couple of days, see how things go, you may have a small haemorrhoid and nicked it. But if you want masturbate anally its OK, but I would suggest you get a but plug, as its called, its a dildo that wand get sucked in as it has a big bulb on the end, and use a good lubricant, baby oil, olive oil, any kind of sex oil, or coconut oil. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You sat pain in your penis, is this a burning pain? If yes then you could have a UTI, its an infection inside your penis, just get to your doctor for some antibiotics these should clear it up within 7 days. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See answer above.  Hi, I just looked at the Pegasus equine sheath now if that was it I think I can see why you have a sore spot. But I think if you don't use it for about a week, you should find the skin will go back to normal. If you want to wear a cock ring all day, have a look on www.myhardwear,com try the hardwear ice it can be warn all day with no problems, I know this as I have one, but there are lots more to look at, and find info on. Good Luck  Hi, And yes over masturbating can lead to ED and lots of other things. Try the 8 week break, from masturbating and any sexual contact, by doing this it should reboot your body, I say should this would depend how long this has been going on. But if this works by week 4 you should start getting nocturnal erections along with morning woods, if this bit is working and your on your way back. But if you have been masturbating to porn, then you will have a bigger problem, and may take a bit longer, but some things you should do if porn involved, clear away any porn sites,, clear away any porn downloads and throw away any discs, get somebody to install an anti porn lock, and they keep the pass word. But if after 8 weeks things are not quite back to normal just stick with it, some guys have taken up to two years, that's just a warning on how long it could take, have a look on pegym.com ED forum, lots more info. Good Luck  Hi Joey, No its ok but don't go over doing it, see if you can cut back to 4 times a week, make them special, think of that really nice girl in your class. But most of all enjoy what your doing, don't make it a chore that you must do. Don't forget feather light touch and baby oil. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I don't think the two are mixed, both comes from different areas, but do have a good read up on it, read this link. The Link, http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Bladder-stones/Pages/Causes.aspx Just google this link to open and read. also try this googel neurogenic bladder and kegels, these are an exercise to help strengthen up your pelvic floor, just go to www.pegym.com look under exercises your find kegels there. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Your just a teenager going through puberty and from what your saying all is normal, this 3 to 4 inch's is this why your erect, if so normal. As for getting unwanted erections, this could be just your brain thinking sexy thoughts, that will do that, looking at girls will also do that, as for seeing your penis through your pants, and having some kind of bulge, that is something your just going to have to live with, but then some girls do love that. OK as for masturbation well we all have done that, mind you your find as you get older, some will say they never have, just be sensible when masturbating always try and use of baby oil as lubrication, it will help you and you never use a tight grip, when we masturbate it should resemble the feeling of a vagina, so your touch should be feather light, if you don't when it comes to having sex, your find that your cant ejaculate. Just remember as you get older and start having sex, safe sex is best, always carry condoms. But don't worry your normal, Good Luck  Hi See Above answer.  Hi Perhaps through your doctor he can find you a good surgeon to do this simple job of cutting it free, done right it should not leave scaring. After the operation make sure you sea salt wash twice a day. Then you should be able to keep your penal health good, washing behind your foreskin daily is the right way to go. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You say a point, do you mean a bump of some king perhaps like a grain of rice?  Hi So you have high blood pressure, OK, masturbating will not hurt you problem, but the meds your on could give you ED problems, if your not having them now, it could be something in the future S so things that may help you, over come your problem and let you get back to a normal healthy life style are cayenne pepper, this will help clean plaque away from your blood, the second is garlic also very good for your blood, and both of these will help with your erections, so www,cayennepepper.info here you will find more info, and http://www.healthguidance.org/entry/527 ... tence.html This one for garlic. You can also google natural ways out hpb. your even find meditation will help. Now when it comes to masturbation, there are lots of ways you can do it, but also use some lub, baby oil is great, olive oil if you in the kitchen and the moment gets you, under the shower soaps ok, this way you gets extra clean. But do it to enjoy yourself and as a relief, but always remember that real sex is best, its so good for your body, it releases lots of good things around you body. OK do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, I think you have two things going on, One is your HPB meds, they will do that to your erections, but in one way your lucky to be getting erections, as HPB meds are sex killers. I think you other problem is coming from masturbating, you are using a strong grip, this is why you feel no sensations. I think you may need to reboot your penis, the way to this is take an 8 week break from all sexual contact and masturbating, this will give your penis a chance to get better and help heal itself. When you have done the 8 weeks, try masturbating with an oiled penis and only use a featherlight touch, just as a vagina would, given time things will get better. Google natural ways of HPB, your find ways of doing this, get that working, and you should be able to wain yourself off the drugs, then that would be a other problem out of the way. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Very slowly you need to stop what you doing, your testicles are the only ones we get as men, do to much damage to them, there gone for good, no second chance. You just need to change what your doing, remember, what is done by the hand, is remembered by the brain. Also the way you masturbate, use lubrication, and a featherlight touch. Good Luck  Hi This sounds like you are over masturbating, over masturbating leads to weak erections, also porn induced ED goes the same way, the only real way out of this is to take an 8 week break of no masturbating or sexual contact, this give your body a chance to reboot and heal, sometimes it may take a bit longer, if you start getting nocturnal erections and morning woods then your on your way back, but just keep of the masturbating, till you have done the 8 weeks. Good Luck  Hi This is a piece of info form WebMD. Happily, a groin pull will usually heal on its own. You just need to give it some time and rest. To speed the healing, you can: Ice the inside of your thigh to reduce pain and swelling. Experts recommend doing it for 20-30 minutes every three to four hours for two to three days, or until the pain is gone. Compress your thigh using an elastic bandage or tape. Take anti-inflammatory painkillers . Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ), like Advil, Aleve, or Motrin , will help with pain and swelling. However, these drugs can have side effects; they should be used only occasionally, unless your doctor specifically says otherwise. Practice stretching and strengthening exercises if your doctor recommends them. Most of the time, these conservative treatments will do the trick. But not always. If these techniques still haven't helped after six months, you may want to think about surgery. While surgery may give you relief, it's a last resort. Not everyone can return to their previous level of activity afterward. But I think it would be best to lay off sex for a couple of weeks or longer, but from what your saying I would seek help from your doctor But hope this helps for now. Good Luck  Hi Very slight, and you also have to take into account the it takes 3 days for male sperm to reach the egg, and a female egg is only fertile for 2 days. So if the day was her ovulation day, then any sperm would be a day late in getting there. And why did you not think of Plan B as a back up plan? Does this help. Good Luck  Hi Very slight, and you also have to take into account the it takes 3 days for male sperm to reach the egg, and a female egg is only fertile for 2 days. So if the day was her ovulation day, then any sperm would be a day late in getting there. And why did you not think of Plan B as a back up plan? Does this help. Good Luck  Hi Over masturbating has many side effects so stopping for a few weeks will only help any problems you were getting. So the side effects of over masturbation is. nerve trouble, hair problems, eye floaters, skin problems, memory problems, penis shrinkage followed by lose of erections during sex and last of all, the real bad one is ED, (erectile dysfunction) and this you don't want. So for a start see if you can do 4 more weeks without and sexual contact or masturbation. Now during this time see if you fill any nocturnal erections and morning woods coming back, if these happen then your on the mend, and just hope any other things start going away, which given time they will. Lets say your have been masturbating 3 times a day, now if you w3as having sex 3 times a day yes as men we can do that, we get a release of chemicals around our body's which you do not get from masturbating, you may get an orgasm, but not the release of chemicals. So just stay celibate for the next 4 weeks and see how you go, if you do want to masturbate just keep it to twice a week, this will keep your system ticking over. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, To get your power back and your ejaculating is hitting the ceiling again, you need to start doing some Kegels, for this exercise just google pegym, on the just look under exercises and you will find Kegels, you should find after a few weeks thins will be back to normal, then you can just do some each week. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This may help you, stop masturbating and this should help you bladder recover, it like a self heal program. But over masturbating can give lots of other side effects, you could have memory loss, skin problems, hair problems, eye floaters, can affect your nerves, penis shrinkage and last losing your erection during sex. Try doing the 8 week break, of no masturbation or sexual contact, just in case your not getting nocturnal erections or morning woods, if you start getting these back, and the urination starts to ease off then your getting better, but do the 8 weeks. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You missed one bit, does your g/f fill you inside her all strong and erect? Do you masturbate with a strong grip? if its yes then this is your problem, You need to retrain your penis, you do this by masturbating with a feather light touch and some baby oil, and after some time things should come back the feeling that is. A thing to remember is masturbating needs to mimic the vagina. But just keep of sex for 8 weeks, this will give your body a chance to reboot, then start this new masturbating, you could also start doing some jelqing, its an exercise you find on www.pegym.com by doing this it will get some extra blood down your penis, it will help with your erections, your find jelqing under exercises on pegym, also try doing some kegels, its a simple exercise, this will help pump blood down your penis as well. Now if you get all this going in say 3 months things mat start to get better, there is no quick fix to your problem, but time. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Ok for one it could be a long haul back to good boners. For one watching porn and masturbating to it will shut down your sexual receptors, and in turn stops you getting good erections. But the break your on is good start back if things go to plan, your first goal should be 8 weeks of no sex, no porn, no masturbating or any sexual contact, by doing this your starting to reboot your sexual side of your body, if at 4 weeks your getting nocturnal erections along with morning woods if that's working you know your on the mend and you just carry on to week 8, but you really need to do the 8 weeks. But if things are not yet doing that good just do 4 more weeks and so on, some guys over on pegym are still not back there yet, but I have said it is or could be a long haul, its just a time thing, and as they say time heals all. OK you and porn why your doing this, it could be a time to clean all the porn sites out of you computer, clean out any downloads, get rid of any discs, get a friend to open you parental child lock for porn and lock porn out of it, they keep the pass word. OK if you think you still need some help, over on franktalk my screen name is now, NOWHARD, yes put the W in, yes have had ED. If you googel these titles you could find some help. DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE, DAILY INTAKE NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED, PART 2 Look I'm not pushing these, there, there if you need the help, it worked for me, and your find I do use a hardwear ice cock ring, get some real good boners. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi see the above answer.  Hi your on the very low risk side or could be rare to catch it that way. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your going all the way to orgasm, its the same thing, whether using you fingers on your clitoris or vibrator. And using a vibrator or dildo inside you vagina, this would be the same as sex, so again a No, No. Just give you body a break, if you have a high libido, see your doctor for some meds to kill it for a couple of weeks till the end of the 8 weeks. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First if your not over masturbating now, then you can forget that, by now things will have recovered from that. Your testosterone levels of 16pg from what I can find is low, should be somewhere between 50 to 100 pg/ml , so thing you need some help to get that up, try looking up clomid, or clomipene citrate, 25 mg, if you can get on this, may do you some good. OK is it stress, anxiety or depression, this come by doing some reading, if you can get your Ts back up it should help, but try googling all 3 for natural help. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, What masturbating dose is that it will keep your system ticking over, and by doing this it stops our sperm from getting thick and claggy, this you don't want to happen. It also keep your system healthy. Good Luck  Hi The human body is great at healing itself, so just give yourself a 4 week break, its called rebooting, if at that time you still have pain its either do 4 more weeks or see your doctor. That should put a smile on his or her face to how you got this pain. So this masturbating how have you been doing it, hope it was not dry humping you pillow? When your over this small problem, just get a nice erection going and with a closed hand you stroke up and down you penis, best if you have some baby oil and with a feather light touch you masturbate, either laying on you back, standing legs together, apart, kneeling or with one leg on the bed on chair, this all helps when you get your sex life going. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As the doc said its a gift, but a gift you should treasure? reason you need to keep in mind, one man one penis, we need to treat or penis's with a lot of respect, its the one thing break it, you don't get a new one. Now when it comes to masturbation, its best you use some kind of oil, baby oil, olive oil, coconut oil, but keep away from these expensive ones. Now when you masturbate just use a featherlight grip and keep it to that, if you use a tight grip, when it comes to real sex, things wont work like you have been doing with a tight grip. A woman vagina has a light delicate touch, hence the reason for the featherlight touch. Always just relax and enjoy yourself, never think of it as dirty. I do hope this helps you and your penis. Good Luck  Hi Found this bit on livestrong,com Muscle spasms in the vagina, or vaginismus, occur without the woman's awareness or control, causing extreme tightness at the vaginal opening. Vaginismus.com states women suffering from vaginal muscle spasms cannot participate in sexual intercourse because the penis will not penetrate the vagina. Both physical and mental issues can lead to this disorder. The awareness of pain, actual or potential, in the vaginal area can unintentionally cause the While sometimes no direct cause may be identified, Vaginismus.com states fear, anxiety and commitment concerns have been associated with vaginal muscle spasms. Other known reasons involve traumatic sexual experiences, history of sexual abuse or inadequate knowledge regarding sex. The accumulation of endometrial material outside the endometrium or endometriosis can lead to abnormal structural changes within the vagina, according to MayoClinic.com. Endometriosis causes painful menstrual cycles and ovulation for women, pain during intercourse, pelvic pain during bowel movements and urination and can scar fallopian tubes and inhibit egg fertilization. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The problem by ding this is, when it comes to real sex, you may not have the sensitivity that you should have, this stems from dry masturbating, and dry masturbating is not good for you, you could end up with scars on your gland, so take a break for a couple of weeks the start masturbating with some kind of oil, baby oil will do, the using you hand start masturbating slowly with a featherlight touch, not a hard grip, masturbating should have the same touch as the inside if a vagina, this way when it comes to real sex, your brain will know just how it should feel. Good Luck  Hi, First relax and don't think about it, some men like women can go through there whole life and never orgasm, when you do get one, just be thankful, otherwise, you will be putting all your thoughts on that and not your women, don't forget, when we make love/have sex, its a two way thing and not just you. Remember your there to enjoy her body and the romance not just for you to orgasm. Good Luck  Hi You may find this answers you problem. Do I take it you mean a razor handle, if not Oh. The medical name for absent or missing periods is amenorrhoea. Hypothalamic amenorrhoea  where the part of the brain that regulates the menstrual cycle stops working properly (it's thought to be triggered by excessive exercise, weight loss and stress. Hyperprolactinemia  where a person has abnormally high levels of a hormone called prolactin in their blood. The ovaries stopping working properly (ovarian failure), even though the woman has not yet gone through the menopause. Hormonal conditions such as having an overactive thyroid or an underactive thyroid. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi you have two questions in reverse, you need to stop your over masturbating, and when your back to normal, then think of finding the right women. So lets start with a complete break for 8 weeks, but you have had 11 years of masturbating or over masturbating, but need to start somewhere, have you at any time masturbated to porn? But first the masturbating should be put on hold till you are back to normal, and if you do it right you will get there, so 8 weeks of no masturbating and sexual contact, as you have not said if your having problem with erections, I shall take it you are or you would not be here, so its either you have soft erections or you have lost them? So by week 4 if things are working, you should be getting your nocturnal erections back along with morning woods, but if things are slow just wait till these start to come back, when they do no touching it or playing with it, when these start you still need 4 more weeks, to you can think of doing just one masturbation, and then I want you to just keep it to twice a week full stop. when you get a women and sex rears up, you can have sex as many times a week as you like, doing this is completely different from masturbating, we release different body chemicals the will do you good. One last thing if porn is involved, clear your computer of sites, clear away any downloads, and last throw away any discs, you then get somebody in to put in place and anti porn lock in your computer, they keep the pass word. There are no drugs for this, you are your drug the strongest drug around. When you do get back to masturbating, if for some unknown reason use a strong grip, then time to change, a women's vagina is light and gentle. So from now on you use a very light featherlight touch, something else to remember, what is done by the hand, is remembered by the brain. Do hope this gets you were you want to be. Good luck  Hi I think you should be OK from what you have written, but for both of you get your minds around safe sex, condoms for you, and the BC pill for her. Always remember safe sex is best. Good Luck  Hi As long as you just keep it to once a day you will be OK, but use some oil, baby oil, olive oil, or any kind of sex oil. But please keep away from porn when your doing your daily masturbation, or you could end up with ED, and that you don't want. Anytime you are not getting a proper erection, take a break, let your body heal itself, given time it will heal, if its really bad do a complete 8 week break, in that time you do no masturbating or have any sexual contact. Do hope this in someway helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your find overtime, that doing it to much masturbating to porn will shut down your sexual receptors, this will give you ED, now that's something you don't need. One other problem if you have it is masturbating with a grip of steel, if so you need to change it to a feather light touch, this replicates the vagina, add in some baby oil and you can re-educate your penis to better things and ready for some real love making with a women that smells nice. So first bit of advice is this, get rid of all you porn sites, clear out any porn down loads, and last throw away anything you have on disc, sounds harsh but that would be a big step forward. Now if your not getting any nocturnal erection and morning woods, then your on the brink of ED, just try taking a break for a few weeks, its called rebooting your body, give it a chance, your body is good at healing itself, just give it that chance. Hope this bit helps you. Good Luck  Hi AS you have not put your age, but you do own your own pool? yes so you must be around 40ish? Yes. Could be that your not ejaculating at full strength, and sperm is being left behind to dribble out. So your way out would be to do some kegel exercises, there very simple to do and can be done anywhere you want even driving your car or sitting eating with friends. Just go to www.pegym.com look under exercises your find kegels, your find out how to do them and reversed ones as well, its important you do both. Do hope this helps your problem. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Joey, When this pumping happens, you will feel it, perhaps you not really into it yet, you do need to feel sexy and fantasizing about naked women at the same time, when you get all these things going, its only then it will happen. But don't worry to much over this, the more you worry, it wont happen, just stay relaxed, and enjoy what you doing, that's how it works. Perhaps you can find a girl who can help you? do you have one around. ask you mates who's the best at masturbating young men. OK Good Luck  Hi Try seeing a local uro, you should find some help there, if not see your local tattoo parloar and get a ring fitted, its called an Albert. See two ways out of your problem. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi Yes that's the problem by doing this his sperm is not forming properly. Somehow you need to get him to stop, let his stock build up so he has mature sperm, the just try a couple of times a week, but he has to leave it at that. Just tell him no more masturbating till your pregnant, it should also do him the world of good, over masturbating can give him some problems, his nerves, his memory, eye floaters, can lead to lose of erection during sex and ED, penis shrinkage hair and skin problems. If your having normal periods and cycle, so 7 days for your period, then 14 days till you egg comes down, it takes male sperm 3 days to get to your egg, so having sex on day 12 would be a good time, but then some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month, may sound odd but that's life. I do hope this helps you and hubby. Good Luck  Hi First If you have not got over this problem yet, seeing as this was now 8 months ago. Does your wife know about your excess masturbating, one thing you should get off your chest with your wife, by telling her the facts. To start with for over masturbation you need to start an 8 week break from masturbating and any sexual contact with the wife, now depending just how bad you problem is, it may take another 4 to 8 weeks, by doing this you will be rebooting your body, and it starts self healing. If you watch porn? now is the time to get rid of it, clear your computer or sites, clear away any down loads, and last throw away any discs, Get the wife to install an child porn lock, she keeps the pass word. Now you will know when this starts working as you will get you nocturnal erections back along with your morning woods, when these start to happen, its working, but you need to wait still, just let things get better by doing the 8, 12 or 16 weeks, As for your PE, there is an exercise for this, its called edging, to find this just google pegym, look under exercises, and take it from there. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First if your getting a burning sensation as well when you urinate it could be a UTI, if your having that just get to your doctor for meds. As for porn stop now, if you want a good sex life this is not it, masturbating to porn is a big problem, as your finding out. I you want to get well, get things back as they should be, what this is doing its shutting down your sexual receptors, the next thing will be ED, get that you say good bye to your sex life. So what you can do is this you start an 8 week sabbatical from masturbating and as you say sexual contact and see how things go. You have not said whether you have morning or nocturnal erections, if not by doing this they should start coming back by week 8, if not then you carry on 4 weeks at a time, till things get back to normal, for you its the only way to go. Things for you to do, get rid of any porn sites on your computer, get rid of any down loads, throw away any porn discs you have, get somebody to install a porn lock on your computer, they keep the pass word. Do all this now then you should get a sex life, but you must want it? Do you want it. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Joey, Well there you go, if this is your very first time as you say, just keep at, you will ejaculate, at 15 I was just starting work as we did in the UK, and had been masturbating for over 3 to 4 years. But you will feel it when it does come to ejaculation, your feel you need to pump, and it will. This is something us healthy men do most of our lives, its hard to say how it happens, but when you do, it will feel great, then at some time you will get orgasms, and that as they say is another story, but your know when you get one, your know all about it. See these things affect most men in different ways, just like you your find it very hard to say just what happened. I hope you find some sense here. Good Luck  Hi OK I take it you very young, yes well at an early age you do get that feeling, you just need to go with it, you will either ejeculate or urinate. But your find it very hard if you urinate, your need to stand on your head to hit the bowl. Good Luck  Hi, I think it would be best if you wait till your last stitch's have either dissolved or taken out, the problem in some women in orgasm can big an explosive thing, and could do you more harm than good. An orgasm is good for both women and men, but in your case at this moment, you just need to sit on the urge, could be 2 to 3 more weeks, but end of the day its your body, it should tell you when its ready, you need to listen to it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Found you some links, they may help you both, but it is a funny thing when our wives either catch us or find the wet hanky, whoops? http://www.webmd.com/men/guide/male-masturbation-5-things-you-didnt-know http://dodsonandross.com/topic/masturbation And this last link is so she can join you http://dodsonandross.com/topic/how-orgasm Theres lots to read, it wont hurt both of you if you read them together, naked if you can, the Dodson ones your find are good. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your getting sore, then it means you need lubrication, could also mean you are not making enough of your own lubrication, it can happen some women go through there whole lives not being able to, so your not alone. If your still sore just do this get some sea salt put a couple of handfuls in a warm bath just let your vagina soak in the and let the water get in side you vagina, its very good at soothing your soreness away, give it a couple of days then try again, but slowly at first, lots of lubrication. There's lots you can choose from, water based or silicon based, if your body can take it there's baby oil or olive oil, but don't use them with condoms, it tends to eat big holes in them, at last there is coconut oil(extra virgin) and last almond oil, this is favoured by Dr Betty Dodson, try her site as well for masturbation, its www.dodsonandross.com . Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  You are gay.  I can't blindly diagnose your penis issues over the Internet. Since this has been going on for a MONTH, don't you think it is time for you to see a medical professional so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated? Trying to do this on your own does not seem to be working.  You may have chronic balanitis, perhaps due to yeast. Make an appointment with a good urologist so you can get to the bottom of this six year old problem. You cannot be blindly diagnosed over the Internet based solely on your brief posting....you need to be examined.  If one partner has active herpes, the transmission to another person is possible via direct genital contact, or contact by hands.  It just does. Consider it a gift....  Yes....teach your boyfriend how to help you have an orgasm. I am sure you will find him a very interested student. Unless you tell him what feels best to you (and what doesn't feel good), how will he know? Remember that the ability to have an orgasm is more in your brain, than in your genitals.  You will need to have your penis examined by a medical professional, either your primary care medical provider or a urologist. This is not an ER visit, but you can go to an Urgent Care facility. Try not to worry. It may not be as serious as it seems, but you need to have it properly checked. You will need to inform your parents and/or show this open area to your father. In the meantime, until you can see a medical provider, keep the area as clean as possible and use some topical antibacterial ointment. I am unclear why you were having irritation a month before this incident, but bacterial or yeast infections in this area, like balanitis, are not uncommon.  I think you answered your own question. An old rule in life: if it hurts, don't do it. If you have found that the redness and odor is directly related to your masturbation ritual, then back off a bit.  Masturbation will not change the diameter or overall size of your penis. Frequent ejaculation will decrease your sperm volume and sperm count, but only temporarily. Masturbation is considered safe, but if you feel the need to masturbate 15 times per day, you need to find another hobby.  Give it a rest, my friend. The penis is like any other part of the body. It can become bruised (inside) and become sore with use. If you rubbed one of your fingers like that on a regular basis, I suspect you could get a sore finger! As you know, I cannot examine your sore penis over the Internet, so if your symptoms persist, you will need to have a visit with a medical provider, hopefully an understanding (male) provider who can provide you with some confidential advice. Because your penis is sore, limit your masturbation a bit until your symptoms improve. You can still achieve self-pleasure by being a bit more gentle with your tender part.  No.  There are no "side effects" (like impotency) from masturbation....face down, face up, face sideways, or hanging upside down.  An infection anywhere in the urogenital tract? An injury to the urogenital tract from masturbation? A bright red discharge is blood, and it would be in his best interest to see a medical provider so that he can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. Obvious, it would not be possible to blindly determine the source or significance of this bloody discharge over the Internet.  Assuming that your sex life at home with your wife is unaffected, there are no medical problems that will be caused by your masturbation frequency.  Men rarely get urinary tract infections, so there may be a bit more to the story that you know. His disinterest in sex may also have deeper meaning, but it would not be prudent for either one of us to guess why. Talk open to him and ask. Suggest that he get some professional help. If he is depressed or worried about other things, sex may be the last thing on his mind. Men tend to hold things inside, so he may have difficulty talking to you or anyone about this.  If it did, there would be a lot of short peopple especially teenagers. No, masturbation will not stunt your growth.  Masturbation is not harmful at age.  If you would like to impregnate your wife, you may need to curtail your excessive masturbation for a few days so that your sperm count does increase and your prostate has enough time to replenish your semen volume. There are not other ways. I find it difficult to believe that you are having erectile dysfunction if you are masturbating "many times per day". Premature ejaculation will not keep you from achieving a pregnancy as long as you are able to hold out long enough to have sexual contact with your wife. Have you considered talking to a counselor about these issues? Perhaps, a psychologist -- one who has some experience with male sexual issues -- can really help you.  There are no ill-effects from masturbation, nor damage to recover from it. If you are feeling guilt or remorse from this normal, human act of self-pleasure and want to stop , then you may need to speak to a counselor. If this is a religious conflict for you, then speak to someone you trust in the clergy.  Unfortunately, there are no foods that will increase the volume of your semen. The volume will increase if you do not ejaculate for three to four days. The vast majority of the ejaculate is prostatic secretions (semen) and not sperm.  No, but you could be masturbating because you are nervous; as a tension release.  While the chance of pregnancy is small, it is not "zero". Semen that is excreted during sexual excitation can be loaded with viable sperm. There is no way to calculate your "chances" of getting your girlfriend pregnant by this risky sex play, so you will need to sweat it out. She could take a "morning after" pill, or you can just wait until she has (or misses) her next period. Take this experience as a serious lesson. Use a condom. Your girlfriend should be on some sort of birth control. And....you should NOT be engaging in sexual activity that could end up with an unintentional pregnancy.  I answered your previous question. You are really concerned about these things, so I will address a few more of your concerns: The nutrients that you may lose ejaculating is negligible....only a few calories. You will not become nutrient deficient from masturbating, nor do you need to take any vitamin or mineral supplements. You do not lose testosterone when you masturbate. As a matter of fact, part of your urge to masturbate has a bit to do with your high testosterone level. Your testosterone level is safe. To sum up: You will not stunt your growth, grow hair on your palms, or end up in a mental institution from masturbation. Masturbation is safe....much safer than sex (and more convenient).  Your prostate is safe with masturbation...whether you choose to ejaculate or deny yourself this normal, pleasurable experience. The change in your PSA has nothing to do with your masturbation habits. Unless you are having any religious objections/guilt about pleasuring yourself, I see no logical reason to practice "denial", as you call it.  Masturbation is normal and is not harmful. Your decision to "stimulate yourself" is personal and private. You can stop if you want, or you can go on and pleasure yourself as you see fit.  There are no sure-fire methods to stop a person from masturbation. If you want to stop, just stop. Religious convictions aside, masturbation is not harmful and it is not abnormal. The vast majority of people on this planet, both male and female, will masturbate. As a matter of fact, it will help you to relieve sexual tension without putting you or a sexual partner at risk. If you are feeling morally guilty, then talk to a trusted clergyman/priest to help you.  Masturbation is a choice. It is definitely not necessary. Eating is necessary. Drinking is necessary. Paying taxes is necessary. Masturbation is optional.  You may be worrying too much, Grandma, if this is the only sign..... It is normal for a 12 month old to touch herself. It is not for sexual pleasure, although it could feel good to her. Tighten up that diaper, give her more distractions, and make sure she does not have an itchy, yeast infection. Because she is diapered, this sensitive area can be itchy...hence, the need to scratch it. This is not a definitve sign of sexual abuse. If you have any reason to believe an adult or older child (not a three year old) has been sexually inappropriate with children of any age, this will need to be reported to law enforcement or child protective services in your community so it can be properly investigated.  I am very sorry, but it would not be appropriate or tasteful for WebMD to post a "how to masturbate" video.  Need to? Probably not. Desire to? You bet. Studies have shown that 90% of all men masturbate and the other 10% are probably lying. Religious dogma aside, there is nothing wrong with masturbation for men or women. Does it improve sex life? Maybe, but if done excessively instead of sexual intimacy, then the answer would be no. Your wife should not be shocked by this normal, natural act of self-pleasure, and you should definitely talk about it.  Masturbation is not harmful, and will not affect your ability to achieve or maintain an erection during sex. If you are having these issues associate with sexual activity -- your first sexual activity -- this could just be "stage fright" or performance anxiety. While there can be organic reason why a person could not achieve an erection, the fact that you are not having a problem with masturbation proves that the blood supply to your penis is adequate, the nerves are working, and all systems are "go". If (and when) you find a caring partner, try to relax and allow Nature to take its course when it comes to sexual activity. If you are still having problems, you may need to see a counselor to help you through this anxiety-provoking event. Many fears run through a man's mind when first-having sex: Will I be able to perform? Will I please my partner? Will something happen that will embarrass me? Will I get an STD? Many things.... Let sex "happen". Don't be anyone but yourself.  No. Masturbation is safe, even if you have high blood pressure.  Unfortunately, without the ability to examine you first-hand, I would not be able to determine the true nature or cause of this "blister" based solely on the information in your posting. You will need to see your medical provider.  It's bad to masturbate instead of exercising, but it really doesn't matter when you masturbate, as long as it is in private and not at the gym.  Just give it a rest, my friend. It is not likely that you cause testicular damage from overly-masturbating, but you can cause enough trauma to have discomfort. If your symptoms persist, you will need to see your medical provider, but I suspect a few days of rest and recuperation will give our over-worked boys time to completely recover.  You may have a medical condition called BALANITIS . Please see your medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  I am not sure how this "calcification" on your prostate was found, but if it was from a digital rectal exam, this may not be clinically significant. The urologist will be able to make that determination, however. It would be highly unlikely that this would be a sign of symptoms serious, like prostate cancer, in your age group. Masturbation does not cause this sort of problem. Excessive alcohol has it's own set of issues and problems, but this would likely not be unrelated to this prostate finding either.  No...that is not true. Infertility is NOT linked to masturbation.  Male masturbation -- especially several times a day -- definitely lowers sperm count and volume, so yes, I believe this may be one of the underlying problems. See if you can get him to switch to sexual intercourse instead.  Your reaction to visual stimuli is really "normal". Inconvenient, yes....but normal. There is really nothing you can really do to keep this from happening unless you wear very dark glasses and quit looking at things that are "hot" to you. As you get older, you may be able to control your involuntary erections since you will be busy and not be thinking about sex 24/7.  The chance of a pregnancy is not very high....this time, but you are engaging in some very risky sexual behavior that could lead to a pregnancy situation in the future. I suspect this will not be the last time that you engage in these activities. Clearly, keeping a penis and sperm as far away from a vagina is the preferable. Practice using condoms during your sex play; thus containing ALL of the semen, or better yet, have your partner get on an effective form of contraception. It is only a matter of time, before your mutual passion and sexual excitation will lead to intercourse. Then, your chances are VERY GOOD that an unintentional pregnancy will happen. You and your partner are engaging in risky sexual activities, so act like a mature person. Be proactive, use more common sense. Use birth control. And, be very, very careful.  Porn can cause loss of sex drive in men and women. Used more then once a week is going to cause your drive to bottom out. If u feel the need to masturbate try to do it with just your imagination. Or maybe you and your lover could try to bring in sex toys or other people. As long as u can find someone that is willing. If it make u feel uncomfortable set ground rules. Sometimes people think that they are not sexually attracted to the same sex until it is tried.It is kind of telling me that u watch girls having sex and then u masturbate. So maybe u are bi curious. So maybe do yourself the favor of trying new things. Hope this helps.  It went away..I'm almost positive it was from the way I was taking care of the scratch  Be certain that after urination, you wait long enough before leaving the toilet area to avoid some dripping. This has nothing to do with masturbation. And there is no "normal" amount of masturbation; many young men in their early 20's masturbate daily. This is not a problem in and of itself. If you continue with urinary leakage, you might want to see your health care provider.  ...You need to train yourself to come more slowly. The way you can achieve that is to learn, through either her masturbating you or having intercourse with you, until you are close, then stopping completely, and then resuming when the urge to ejaculate has passed. This takes time and practice, but that's not so bad,right? In the meanwhile, you need to be certain your partner is sexually satisfied in some way, so I hope you are either masturbating her to orgasm or giving her oral sex to orgasm. I think if she feels sexually satisfied by you, she will continue to work with you on this issue. ...  Who Cares?  Go to see an urologist. The yellow cum could be related to peeing before masturbation, but if you have problems peeing you can have an infection.  Here is a that should help you discern myth from fact. The WebMD Answers Staff  Masturbation is not normal, its a sin, if your really in to chatolic religion and your serious about it then you want to stay away from masturbation as much as you can becuase the devil is slick and that can be your dow. Fall in having sex before being married so what i sugest to you is that you can start looking fowered to dating a guy that is fully comided to the word of god and maybe in the future god can revile your marrige with him and you could bond the body of christ between that realationship ok may god bless you all ways and stay in prayer, god will give you what you ask for ok :)  I would recommend talking to a doctor,  I always find it helpful to use a shower cap, or a pair of rubber pants with some baby oil, and gently rub my penis, the rest comes naturally.  You're into some kinky stuff.  It is possible for her to get pregnant that way, in fact it will take a little time for the semen to get to her uterus so she may have her period once or twice until she does become pregnant. The fact that she is still a virgin will cause her even more pain when the baby is born so to save her the pain i suggest you take her virginity. They can not preform an abortion if she is still a virgin. But i hope you two decide to keep it.  Could it be stress related? Sex is so mental... might be that you are psyching yourself out. You have to be able to relax around the girl and not think about being scared that you can't get an erection. If you do that, then you probably won't be able to. Sex is also about communication. So if you can tell the girl what you like and don't like, it might help. Remember, girls are not mind readers (as much as we sometimes think we are :) ).  As long as you clean off the keyboard and make sure to get the sticky stuff between the keys, you should be just peachy keen.  A true orgasm only lasts a few seconds. You will not have an orgasm unless your being sexually stimulated they don't just happen like your period. I think you should do some more research about sex and masturbation because it seems like some of your information is off.  most likely i would say you have an STD, you need to go to the gynocolgist, me personly, i would take it seriously. more than 70 percent, people has HPV, make an appt immediatly.. that is not normal.. even if you are underage and you want to hide this from your panrents, find the closest PLAN PARENTHOOD in your area and call them. or get on the internet and google cheap noninsurance gynocologist office.. you need to do something about that. please see a dr immediatly  When ever your mind turns to something erotic: Make it a habit to immediately think of something else that completely distracts. Just don't carry on thinking of that erotic thing, idea, moment, past pleasure, the tension--you get the idea. In a few days you will look back and note that you didn't follow up on the thought or stimulation. It's not easy, as it takes much practice in shifting the mind. While you may fail you can restart your persistence. Take pleasure in the successes!  Um.... My guess is puberty kiddo. Wear loose pants and wash your hands.  I'm not a trained/experienced professional; however I can relate with your situation. I can offer information that I have read over the years from books written by professionals; i.e. their interpretations as per various scenarios; on the 'conscious' level or rooted in the sub-conscious.. Such as --- (1) The male person harboring resentment and not wanting to please his mate. (2) Due to religious upbringing, one may view 'intercourse' as a method of creating children 'only', according to one's religious understanding. (3) Another possibility, is that man may subconsciously views 'intercourse' as a method of causing the female - harm. That is interpreting that one's Penis is a weapon of sorts. One method of testing yourself --- (4) Discretely utilizing the 'services' of a paid (clean) prostitute. This may open up your mind, if you are successful with intercourse, that you may be angry at your mate for some underlying reason. Then I would recommend you seek appropriate / licensed help and find out 'why'.  It has lately become a nightly thing, from the minute he falls asleep through most of the night, he said he has no dreams and the othernight i woke him and was asking him if he can feel the shaking, he was half awake and telling me off for waking him and it was still happening, i said, cant you feel that and he said he isnt shaking and basically to piss off, when approaching him about this right from the start he was defensive which made me think maybe it was a strange sexual thing (which i tell ya if you were laying in bed with this happening for the first time, you would bet your life the person wasmasturbating) and its become a very heated arguement now, not because it is happening, i dont care what is happening i just want a. answers and b. sleep, and if he was masturbating i would at least understand whats happening and more than likely join in, but he has always been a man who likes his sleep, and if he was up doing that all night he couldnt function the next day. He does some pretty gnarley shift work and has a terrible sleep pattern, and when he gets some time off he likes to knock back a few with his mates so he never really catches up on any sleep, have been researching things like rapid eye movement and sleep behaviours but none of the descriptions i can find on the net match perfectly! (if anyone can help please do!) Id like to take him to the doctor but id not dare suggest it right now! He slept on the lounge last night (still doing it) and left very angry for work, we always say dont leave each other mad just incase, but today he left as he said some horrible things to me! i dont understand, if i was doing this during the night i would want to know why, and id expect him to tell me.but he basically called me a liar! p.s. And no, he hasnt made love to me for a while, he suggested a quickie the otherday but i get knocked back by him so often that i didnt feel like a wham bam thankyou mam, i want my lover back!  I am a man in my early seventies and masturbate frequently. My wife is no longer sexually active and, while I miss intercourse, we are still close in other ways. Masturbation is a good outlet and I've concluded it's even healthy! A wise old urologist told me once, "Come early and often!" As to the religious aspect of your question, the only thing I would say is that masturbation is usually a solitary act and can become quite narcissistic and self-centered. As a relgious "progressive" I find nothing inimical about the act and rejoice that God has made it possible for me to enjoy my body in this way on occasion.  I seem to have lost my answer or didn't post it properly, but what I said was: as a man in his early 70s, I'm glad I still masturbate and now without much guilt. My wife, whom I love dearly, is not sexually active, but we remain close and in love and we are helpers for one another. While I miss intercourse, I'm happy to be in touch with my body this way. As to religious aspects of your question, if you are a member of a community of faith that finds the act sinful, you have some choices that get down to: following the tenets or breaking them or leaving that community for a more progressive one. Most intelligent believers would find no fault in masturbation. The only thing I can think of that is detrimental is its "solitariness" which can become narcissistic and self-centered. I hope this helps. Holyprogressive  Blood flow and pressure are important for erections. CHF and HBP both are suspects.Ask your health professional if there is some way to control those 2 conditions. Some meds can help "at the site". A discussion with your health professional may be enlightening  May be VD  your problem is psychological whenever you involved fully into it with your fantasy which you like most it will help you to get a strong erection and orgasm too  prolong your sexual relation and try top riding position during sex surely you get positive result  There is defiantly nothing wrong with you. My son is10 and starting the early signs of puberty, hair growth in new areas and such. Being 14 you are just about to hit the peak of puberty for boys which is about 15, so your penis will continue to grow and and your body will start to develop more in the months to come.  I do not know about the pain in your left testicle, since it has been there 7 years, you may wan to consult your doctor. Not masturbating did not cause this pain though.  I am so sorry to give you these news...but with a reaction like that... It could possibly loose all feeling or simply fall off...go find a good clean woman  um no....you are too young if you think that...  um...thats called cum.... hahaha stop being a virgin..  yes as lng as your partner is not having a out break u should be fine  Hard to tell since i dont knoW these terms(not being english) btw by point i mean something like a hard little circle....i can see it only when my penis is hard and it is really small so i thought i might call it a point  Thank You for your answer. I have been doing it twice a day and at least six days a week. I need to know whether I will face erection problems with my wife, or let's say, less excitement, I have no idea how it works  masturbation, and ejaculation are normal things that males do i truly dont think that could the cause of cancer, even excessively done i done believe it would do anything out of normal . if you think you or someone you know may have prostate cancer go and speak with a doctor right away, the sooner you get it addressed the better chances you have pf fighting it , hope this helps  idk if its your hands per say i only know if you do too much mas... its likely to happen you gotta let your lil friend get his normal feeling back .. it happens to women also dont worry just give him a rest ... hope this helped id say a week or so  Make a Doctors appt, and ask him, you should be more exact about your question, and try to spell better. Always remember there are two people you should never lie too, your doctor and lawyer, and oh, I almost forgot your parents also. Make sure you bathe regular and keep your stuff clean, and use a condom if you know whats good for you. your question was unclear and confuseing.  masturbation is normal  Hi! I am 31 years old. Premature ejaculation is more common than you think. up to 40% of all males experience this in their life-time. I personally overcame my issues with premature ejaculation by following these very helpful tips. If interested, please click here: http://www.buy-duramale.com I hope it helps you as well as it did for me.  I hope that I am wrong, but I had the same type of thing, however mine had other symptoms, such as a re-occurring UTI once or twice a year for for over 10 years. Mine was attributed to a calcium build up on the walls of the urethra, and other veins in the area, due to a bladder diverticulum. I was a Milk Junkie, 1/2 gallon a day. I had over 3000 calcium stones in a sack about 3/4 the size of my bladder.  relax and experiment on yourself  Well as for masterbation there are several different ways. Insertin a finger in your self or applying pressure to the bud or sensitive part and rubbing in continuous circles. As for org asana those differ for each person  I am so very very much not a doctor but I remember seeing an ad on tv talking about a brain injury thing - they made the point it's not psychological - that will show those same symptoms. I'm not saying this to freak you out at all, I'm presenting it as an angle you can bring up to your doctor. Either way, see a doctor especially if this is a new phenomenon. I have struggled myself with mental illness off and on for many years and I know that it can be very difficult to seek help, but oh my goodness there are so many resouces out there, to not ask for help is just not right! Also, from my own experience: be leery of "here's a pill, see you in a few weeks" -- in my case I found out years later that I could have avoided a lot of heartache and expense by simply a) talk therapy, which is WONDERFUL! and most importantly b) I was low in vitamin B. Once I started supplementing that vitamin my moods stabilized significantly. Again, definitely definitely bring it up to your doc and make sure he or she HEARS YOU when you do bring it up and doesn't make snap judgements. Love and blessings to you.  There's no such thing!  I have difficulty having an orgasm from oral sex, so I am inclined to say the man in question is perfectly normal. However, if he can't masturbate himself to orgasm, that's somewhat abnormal. If what you mean is that he can't orgasm when you give him a handjob, again that sounds normal. It probably has to do with what stimulates him the most, or what physical feelings he has accustomed himself to when having an orgasm. I think pornography and popular culture lead us to believe that any "normal" man will come instantly and explosively at the touch of a woman's mouth or hand, but for some of us, it's the feel of her labia and vagina around our penis that really brings us to the peak of sexual excitement.  