NO  have u been eating a lot of salt, sometimes to much salt can cause bumps on the inside of your mouth, or tongue. hope this helps. good luck  Tooth infection  I could not find any harmful effects in consuming these mints. The manufacturer of the mints referenced in your question is the world's largest food producer. I personally will avoid their products because of the methods reportedly used in securing water for their bottled water. Run the manufacturer's name with the words "water shortage" for further information. If the mints help you, then that's probably what your body needs.   Nocturnal panic-like choking episodes while sleeping can be extremely scary. Sometimes these events seem to last for at least one minute before normal breathing activity is restored. I bet that you feel like you probably will not resume breathing and die. I am very aware of your symptoms, but am confused by the "breathing through a pin hole" statement. My experience has been that the airway is completely blocked. If Gastro- esophageal reflux and sleep apnea have been eliminated as the possible causes of your choking by a neurologist, then a have several other conditions to consider as follows: 1. Nocturnal panic attacks - It is thought that genetics may cause this type of attack. Stress and other sleep disorders may also play a role with this condition. Psychological counseling and medications may provide relief. 2. Laryngospasm - Although not GERD, there does seem to be a GERD relationship. With Laryngospasm, the individual wakes unable to speak or breathe. See the laryngospasm article from WebMD by accessing the link below. http://www.webmd.com/heartburn-gerd/guide/laryngospasm-causes-symptoms-and-treatments 3. Focal Seizures - This is my first choice of possible conditions that may be causing your choking. The symptoms of focal seizures are similar to those that weve been discussing. Sleep apnea may erroneously be cited as a clinical diagnosis when in actually a seizure disorder is the problem. The scalp EEG does not conclusively reveal this type of seizure. Therefore, more sophisticated diagnostic testing may be necessary to rule in or out (and seizure location) focal seizure as the cause of your choking. Do not give up on your quest to discover the cause of your choking. Perhaps youll make the WebMD community familiar with your final diagnosis.   I believe that the previous therapist was guilty of committing physical abuse. Hopefully, the individual no longer works in the helping fields. Children with swallowing difficulties require therapies conducted by speech and language pathologists, physical therapists, and occupational therapists. Because of the swallowing disability and the difference in food textures, this child most likely suffers from a sensory deficiency that arouses defensiveness while eating. Therapeutic efforts need to be employed in improving lip, jaw, & tongue movements. Adaptive eating utensils should be considered in order to achieve optimal patient independence. The family should also be included as part of the childs care plan in improving swallowing and eating skills. Patience, kindness, respect, and cheerleader-like support is the best approach to use on a child afflicted with a swallowing disorder.  So I shouldn't worry then about the pre come that could have been in my mouth before he got off? I was on my 3rd sugar pill from the first month on bc anyway...so it should be ok....I should stop stressing right?  A friend of mine damaged his trachea by holding his nose when he sneezed. I would be careful.  I'm looking for the same answer, if I find it first, I will let u know.  Hi there Kico!  Yes the warts can   	 	 	 	P { margin-bottom: 0.08in; }A:link { } 	 	 	 	P { margin-bottom: 0.08in; }A:link { } Semen is not be a problem if he is disease free. However, that being said, swallowing semen is probably not as widespread as some would like you to think. I know that my wife doesn't like it and I don't force her to do it - that's nothing for her to be ashamed of. During oral sex, she swallows all the pre-ejaculate (clear fluid) with no problem. Occasionally when I kegel, a heavy burst of pre-ejaculate will flow out and sometimes she will have to back off a little to swallow it. But the few times she has attempted to swallow semen has resulted in gagging  there's just too much thick fluid being introduced into the back of the throat to handle at one time when the penis is inserted 2-3 inches or more - unless you're really prepared for it. I know when I'm about to come and - unless your husband has premature ejaculation issues, he does too. In 40 years of receiving oral sex, I have only slipped up and started to ejaculate in her mouth probably less than 5 times. I tell her when I'm ready to go, she pulls off and finishes me up with her hand. Practice makes perfect. If you have a problem with the pre-ejaculate, simply use a snug-fitting steel cock ring at the base of the penis to block the flow until such time as you think you're ready for it. I start with a cock ring occasionally for the extra engorgement sensation but I don't use it for the entire process because I am rather slow to come (40+ minutes) and the lack of blood flow through the penis for that period of time would be an issue for me. If your husband comes fast, he could probably wear it all the way through to orgasm and it will prevent semen from exiting the penis. Ejaculation while wearing the ring could possibly cause some pain for him though - I ejaculated while wearing one a couple times and it caused some pain in my testicles. He could try it in order to know for sure. The pain in not unbearable and it will go away. Additionally, remember that there is nothing dirty about oral sex between a man and his wife. There are various techniques and tricks that my wife performs on me that make the experience absolutely incredible. The term "Variety is the spice of life" can be applied to oral sex as well. Biting and sucking the penis, open-mouth breathing with penis inserted, licking the frenulum while sucking, going deep, then pulling off slowly allowing the penis to slip through your teeth, gripping the penis with your hand while sucking, rubbing his nipples while sucking, and holding ice cubes or a throat lozenge in your mouth while performing all make for a great experience for him. Even pulling off and allowing him to get a breather causes wild sensations when you start back up a few seconds later. Remember, simply sucking the penis will not always get the job done. See what he likes. Again, practice makes perfect.  Only one decision to make: Please go to the emergency room as soon as possible. You don't want to waste any time with this.  As the doctor said if you get dry mouth or "cotton mouth" it is important to try and keep your mouth as lubricated as possible as a dry mouth is a breeding ground for bacteria and can lead to a number of dental problems. But its not something I would be overly concerned about.  Dermal fillers are generally used to fix those nose to mouth lines. That would be from here to here, and those are call nasolabial folds. What I found though sometimes is that some people ask for fillers in this area, but they have really lost volumes in the temples or in other areas in the face, and putting too much filler in that area can create too much fullness without making them look younger, and it doesn't always look natural. So you need to have a conversation with your dermatologist about what your concerns are, and they can point out to you ways in which you can soften your overall expression in a very natural way. By volumizing the skin and the face in a way that has balance and harmony. Because we have so many new products to use, between Sculptra and hyaluronic acids and Radiesse and Evolence, we have really great products to use, and sometimes we use more than one product in the same person in order to achieve that overall natural result. But this is a complete conversation that you need to have with your aesthetic physician, which would be dermatologist or plastic surgeon, to see what the right treatment is for you.  The eMatrix uses radiofrequency energy but also a technology that is fractional and "sublative," meaning that there is very little time needed for recovery and a broader range of skin types can have the treatment since it is gentler on the skin. I have been impressed with the improvement in acne scarring, however several treatments are needed and you should be evaluated because some scars will improve more than others. It is important to understand that most scars will be improved but not completely resolved unless they are very superficial.  The eMatrix uses radiofrequency energy but also a technology that is fractional and "sublative," meaning that there is very little time needed for recovery and a broader range of skin types can have the treatment since it is gentler on the skin. I have been impressed with the improvement in acne scarring, however several treatments are needed and you should be evaluated because some scars will improve more than others. It is important to understand that most scars will be improved but not completely resolved unless they are very superficial.   has a cottage cheese appearance in the mouth. Usually, creamy white spots dot your tongue or inner cheeks. Most of the people I've worked with who have thrush say it's quite painful. Thrush is basically a yeast infection of the mouth. It is caused by the candida fungus. It can be caused by uncontrolled diabetes, HIV, or even something as simple as taking antibiotics. You may be experiencing thrush, or you may have something very common called . These usually occur along the lip line (vermilion border) or just inside the lips. This condition is benign (not life-threatening). If your tongue is numb or painful and covered with white spots, you probably should get checked out by a doctor. If you're running a fever, you definitely should get checked. You can't self-treat thrush, so if you do have it you need to get a prescription mouth rinse. I hope this helps!  It's certainly possible you have . However, the fact you see "black holes" seems to indicate you have intact blood clots. On the other hand the bad taste you describe is consistent with a dry socket. However, having such severe pain 6 days after wisdom tooth extraction seems unusual. I'd suggest you call your dentist to find out if this is normal. He or she may "work you in" with an appointment to take a peek and make sure you aren't having any complications. Feel better soon!  The odds of your getting pregnant under the circumstances you describe is slim to none. Sperm do not survive well outside their natural environment in the male reproductive organs. Sperm have a hard enough time surviving inside the vagina (which is hostile to sperm), let alone taking on saliva and the mechanical crushing of mastication. Especially if you're describing semen transfer from the hands to the mouth while ingesting food or a beverage, the odds any sperm would survive to subsequently impregnate you during oral sex is infinitesimal. Of course, you should always practice safe sex (when you're truly having sex), and if you don't want to become pregnant then you have a responsibility to use some sort of birth control, yourself. A condom helps protect against sexually transmitted diseases and pregnancy, and you increase your chances of staying pregnancy-free by using a second birth control method, such as the pill or an IUD. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear about your husband's skin cancer. That can certainly be a scary experience, and you're wise to keep a close watch on his skin from now on. The cracking at the corner of your husband's mouth probably is not cancer, but since he's had a skin cancer once, it would be a good idea to get it checked out by a health care provider. Often, cracking at the corner of the mouth is a symptom of perleche, or . This can be caused by a fungus (which can be treated by your health care provider) or by a Vitamin B deficiency. However, the symptom you're describing could be caused by many things, including, yes, a cancer. That's why it would be best for your husband to be examined by your primary care provider. He or she can diagnose the problem and treat it accordingly. Good luck to you!  Assuming you're using a mouthwash that does not contain alcohol, you should be fine. Look for mouthwash that specifically says "alcohol free" or "contains no alcohol" on the label. You should be able to find both brand name and generic mouthwash preparations that contain no alcohol. Oral care is very important during pregnancy, including brushing and flossing, because some studies have shown women without gum disease have increased odds of delivering a full-term baby. If you have questions about oral care during pregnancy, you can visit your dentist. He or she will be happy to guide you. Best wishes!  Sadly, I can't answer your question. You'll have to keep in close contact with her medical providers for that. But I did want to extend my thoughts to and your family (and especially your sister!) at this difficult time. I wish you all the best and hope for a positive outcome.  I'd suggest you get this checked out by a health care provider. It's possible your son has a combination of things going on, and a health care professional will need to do a physical examination in order to make sure your son gets the proper treatment. I wanted to note that cracking at the corners of the mouth can be a symptom of a common condition called perleche, or . This condition often is related to nutrition and can be fixed with improved nutrition or vitamin supplements. However, the symptoms you describe could have any number of causes, including canker sores, fever blisters, or plain dry lips. That's why it's important to get your son checked out by a health care provider. Best wishes to you both!  Your best bet is to call your dentist to find out if he or she is comfortable with your plan. In terms of bleeding or anything like that, though, taking would not be a problem because it does not contain any blood-thinning medication. Many dentists in fact advise self-medicating with a pain reliever or anti-anxiety medication before a dental visit, so your dentist may not have a problem with your taking hydrocodone before a visit. But you'll only find out by asking. If you decide to take hydrocodone before your dental visit, be sure to disclose this to the dentist, especially if he or she then prescribes you another narcotic pain reliever. You never want to mix two narcotic pain relievers! Wishing you all the best!  To be honest, I'd have this checked out. Chronic can be caused by an injury like the one you describe. It's even possible you suffered a small fracture. At any rate, the sooner you have it checked out, the more effective treatment might be at heading off ongoing problems. You don't need to rush to the emergency room, but you might call your primary care provider for an evaluation. He or she might want to take an X-ray just to be sure there's no break. Your provider also can give you more specific information about the prognosis. Good luck to you!  I have to tell you that I think it's doubtful your symptoms were triggered by going off birth control pills. Sjogren's is an autoimmune disorder that most commonly affects white women in their 40s and 50s. If you're menopausal, you're right in the age range for developing Sjogren's. While a hormonal link is being studied with regard to Sjogren's Syndrome, this has not yet been established. Like menopause, Sjogren's can trigger vaginal dryness. Going on some type of hormone replacement therapy may help with that symptom, but it probably won't do any good for other symptoms, such as dry mouth and dry eyes. The medical professional who diagnosed you with Sjogren's Syndrome can help you with medications to treat the specific symptoms you're experiencing. I hope this helps!  Well, I'm happy you're in a good mood, anyway! It's hard to tell what's causing this. Could be you're having some post-nasal drainage from your sinuses that's temporarily affecting your sense of taste. Or perhaps your nose is stuffed up; our sense of taste greatly influenced by our sense of smell. Or it could just be that you're not hungry. It happens sometimes. If the problem persists to the point you're not meeting your required caloric intake, you should see a doctor. Otherwise, it's probably safe to take a wait-and-see attitude about whether this will clear up on its own or not. Meanwhile, make sure to stay hydrated by drinking plenty of fluids. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. I want to caution you, however, that you should never self-administer antibiotics. It's this type of usage that is causing a rise in the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Your best bet is to see a medical professional. Your condition can only be diagnosed through a physical exam and possibly some other testing, such as a throat swab or blood work. It could, as you speculate, be a virus. If it is, it should clear up in 7-14 days. No antibiotics required. However, it could be something other than a virus. Many conditions can cause the symptoms you're describing, from an inflamed salivary gland to an abscessed tooth. The only way to find out is to visit a health care provider. I wish you all the best!  Does it look like this ? If so, your son may have gotten the . This very common virus causes cold sores. A large percentage of the American population is infected with the oral herpes virus. If your son is under 6 weeks of age, you need to call your pediatrician and have this checked out. Serious complications from herpes simplex are rare, but they can . I also would recommend you keep an eye on your baby's urine output by checking how wet his diapers are each time you change him. If you notice his output dropping off, you should call his pediatrician because this can be a sign of dehydration. If you have any questions at all about what the lesion on your son's lip is, don't hesitate to contact the pediatrician's office. Best to you both!  Sorry to hear you're going through this. The source of your outbreak can only be determined with a physical examination and some tests. Could you have an STD? Yes. Could you have strep? Yes. Could you have a yeast infection of the mouth? Yes. Is it possible your symptoms are unrelated to the unprotected sex? Yes. As you can see, there are many possible causes for the symptoms you describe, and only testing can get to the cause. I suggest you not delay. You can start by calling your health care provider for an appointment, but if they can't get you in within a week or so, then you might consider urgent care. By the way, you should notify your sex partner about these symptoms because you may have passed them along to him or her, instead of the other way around. And, please, in the future practice safe sex. Even if your oral problem turns out not to be sexually related, you can see how it's possible to pick up STDs of the mouth by practicing unsafe sex. Don't risk it. Wishing you well!  Usually, if an adult gets a fever over 101F, we suggest he or she seek medical attention. That said, you ask a great question. No one taking warfarin should take an over-the-counter "blood thinner" or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory (NSAID) pain reliever. These include aspirin (and products containing aspirin), ibuprofen, and naproxyn sodium. The main over-the-counter pain a fever medication for people taking warfarin is acetaminophen (Tylenol). However, given that your 20 year old is on warfarin, I'd suggest you consult his or her primary health care provider about both the fever and about what medication would be safe for him or her to take. Take care!  If you're referring to a crack in the corner of your mouth, where the upper and lower lips join, you may be suffering from perleche, known medically as . Perleche can be caused by a fungal infection, in which case you'll need to see a doctor for medication to help it heal. The condition also can be caused by a deficiency of Vitamin B, so you can try taking a vitamin supplement (assuming you're not allergic to any medications or food colorings) or eating more green, leafy vegetables which typically contain plenty of different B vitamins. Because of the possibility this is a fungal infection, I'd suggest making an appointment with your primary care provider for an evaluation. I wish you all the best!  No, no, and no. At one month old, your baby is not physically developed enough to ingest cereals yet. When you introduce solid foods too early (and rice cereal constitutes "solid food" in baby language), you can increase your baby's risk of developing a food allergy later. It's not uncommon for babies to get gassy when they nurse, whether from breast or bottle. If you feel your baby is having problems feeding, please call your pediatrician or lactation consultant. They will provide you with all the information you need to make sure your baby gets adequate nutrition that's appropriate for his age. I wish you and your beautiful baby all the best!  The passage way from your nostrils is connected with your throat. This is why when you laugh and drink milk at the same time, it comes out of your nose. When you force air pressure through your nose to blow the mucus out, it also can come out of your mouth.  Call Your Dr. Immediately or go to the Emergency room. That is just what I would do...  I had a bump on my gums on top of my front tooth.I went to the dentist and I had an abscessed tooth ( tooth infection) The dentist pricked it and yellow gunk came out and it smelled bad. After that I had a root canal.Mine didn't hurt and the bump was really soft (It may be a cyst) I say go to dentist for x-rays. You should get tea tree oil mouthwash just to keep your mouth clean until you see a dentist.  Why not call your oral surgeon and ask him?  Absolutely. Go to the doctors and tell them what happened and they will issue tests. Also talk to someone about this as such a traumatic event can cause PTSD.  It is extremely unlikely to contract HIV by kissing. HIV is passed through blood (not saliva) so both of you would have to have open wounds on your mounts to be able to pass it. It sounds like you just had the flu, you will be just fine (:  Because accidents can happen during any physical activity, the advantage of using a mouth guard during sports is that it can help limit the risk of mouth-related injuries to your lips, tongue, and soft tissues of your mouth. Mouth guards also help you avoid chipped or broken teeth, nerve damage to a tooth, or even tooth loss.  Mouth guards should be used by anyone -- both children and adults -- who play contact sports such as football, boxing, soccer, ice hockey, basketball, lacrosse, and field hockey. However, even those participating in noncontact sports (for example, gymnastics) and any recreational activity (for example, skateboarding, mountain biking) that might pose a risk of injury to the mouth would benefit from wearing a protective mouth guard. Adults and children who grind their teeth at night should have a nocturnal bite plate or bite splint made to prevent tooth damage.  To care for your mouth guard: Rinse your mouth guard with cold water or with a mouth rinse before and after each use and/or clean it with toothpaste and a toothbrush. Occasionally clean the mouth guard in cool, soapy water and rinse it thoroughly. Place the mouth guard in a firm, perforated container to store or transport it. This permits air circulation and helps to prevent damage. Protect the mouth guard from high temperatures -- such as hot water, hot surfaces, or direct sunlight -- to minimize distorting its shape. Occasionally check the mouth guard for general wear. If you find holes or tears in it or if it becomes loose or causes discomfort, replace it. Bring the mouth guard to each regularly scheduled dental visit to have your dentist exam it.    That response was appreciated. The home remedies are something worth considering. However, I'm hoping that a medical expert can answer the initial question. Sincerely, thank you for your input though.  My jaw hurt as well as my throat on the left side, but the pain soon subsided breifly. That Thursday there was hardly any pain but around 9 pm. there was so much pressure on my jaw that I walked into my house with tears rolling down my face. I tried a warm bath submerging my face and ears in the water because my ears felt like they were bleeding and being jabbed with needles, as they did when I went to the nurse the first time. I tried to gargle salt water, drink hot drinks, cold drinks, ice, heat pads, alternating Tylenol and ibuprofen, nothing was helping. Friday morning I woke my mom up, still crying because of the terrible pain, and she took me to a Family Clinic. I couldn't open my mouth enough for them to look inside but they did look in my ear and said it was fine, that it was pain from my throat. They gave me a shot of penicillin and 12 Tylenol 3. I've been taking the Tylenol 3 every 5 hours as prescribed and the pain never lets up. I dont think the penicillin hasn't kicked in and it has been over 24 hours. My jaw is still causing me a lot of pain and I still cannot open my mouth!! PLEASE HELP ME!!!  It could be a Brachial Cleft Cyst. Might appear small on the outside of the neck but is actually growing on the inside. Mine required surgery to remove (still have the scar) and grew to the size of a softball by the time it was surgically removed.  MY MOUTH IS VERY BITTER WHAT CAUSES THAT  Are you old enough to be possibly experiencing menopause? If not, you should consult your doctor and he may want to do a fbs (fasting blood sugar) and check you for diabetes. Drink lots and lots of water, not soft drinks or anything with sugar added, just lots of water.Even if you are not old enough for menopause (though some women do experience it at a young age, even as young as early 30's), this is rare but it could happen. You should see your doctor and let him test you for diabetes, get a complete CBC, and ck all your hormone levels.  Try not to drink caffeine (coffee/tea) beverages.  Even with full dentures, it is important to brush your gums, tongue, and palate with a soft-bristled brush every morning before you put in your dentures. This removes plaque and stimulates circulation in the mouth. Pay special attention to cleaning teeth that fit under the denture's metal clasps. Plaque that becomes trapped under the clasps will increase the risk of tooth decay. If you wear a partial denture, be sure to remove it before you brush your natural teeth. Clean, rest, and massage the gums regularly. Rinsing your mouth daily with lukewarm salt water will help clean your gums. Eat a balanced diet so that proper nutrition and a healthy mouth can be maintained.  Besides causing the aggravating symptoms mentioned above, dry mouth also increases a person's risk of gingivitis (gum disease), tooth decay, and mouth infections, such as thrush.  There are several causes of dry mouth, also called xerostomia. These include: Side effect of certain medications. Dry mouth is a common side effect of many prescription and nonprescription drugs, including drugs used to treat depression, anxiety, pain, allergies, and colds (antihistamines and decongestants), obesity, acne, epilepsy, hypertension (diuretics), diarrhea, nausea, psychotic disorders, urinary incontinence, asthma (certain bronchodilators), and Parkinson's disease. Dry mouth can also a side effect of muscle relaxants and sedatives. Side effect of certain diseases and infections. Dry mouth can be a side effect of medical conditions, including Sjgren's syndrome, HIV/AIDS, Alzheimer's disease, diabetes, anemia, cystic fibrosis, rheumatoid arthritis, hypertension, Parkinson's disease, stroke, and mumps. Side effect of certain medical treatments. Damage to the salivary glands, the glands that produce saliva, for example, from radiation to the head and neck and chemotherapy treatments for cancer, can reduce the amount of saliva produced. Nerve damage. Dry mouth can be a result of nerve damage to the head and neck area from an injury or surgery. Dehydration. Conditions that lead to dehydration, such as fever, excessive sweating, vomiting, diarrhea, blood loss, and burns can cause dry mouth. Surgical removal of the salivary glands. Lifestyle. Smoking or chewing tobacco can affect saliva production and aggravate dry mouth. Continuously breathing with your mouth open can also contribute to the problem.  Common symptoms of dry mouth include: A sticky, dry feeling in the mouth Frequent thirst Sores in the mouth; sores or split skin at the corners of the mouth; cracked lips A dry feeling in the throat A burning or tingling sensation in the mouth and especially on the tongue A dry, red, raw tongue Problems speaking or difficulty tasting, chewing, and swallowing Hoarseness, dry nasal passages, sore throat Bad breath  If you think your dry mouth is caused by certain medication you are taking, talk to your doctor. He or she may adjust the dose you are taking or switch you to a different drug that doesn't cause dry mouth. In addition, an oral rinse to restore mouth moisture may be prescribed. If that doesn't help a medication that stimulates saliva production, called Salagen, may be prescribed. Other steps you can take that may help improve saliva flow include: Sucking on sugar-free candy or chewing sugar-free gum Drinking plenty of water to help keep your mouth moist Protecting your teeth by brushing with a fluoride toothpaste, using a fluoride rinse, and visiting your dentist regularly Breathing through your nose, not your mouth, as much as possible Using a room vaporizer to add moisture to the bedroom air Using an over-the-counter artificial saliva substitute.  It was probably Debacterol, a naturally derived treatment for Canker Sores developed around 100 years ago. Debacterol permanently resolves canker sore pain after a 5-10 second application. This singularly effective treatment for Canker Sores is not widely known, but it is still available by prescription in the United States. It is made by EPIEN Medical who maintains a website dedicated to the product -- Debacterol.com. Further information and web-based prescription services can also be found at FocusedRx.com.  That is a habit. But you have to try not to chew on plastic every single time you see it because what can wind up happening is that if there is plastic on the ground whether outdoors or indoors the bacteria on the ground can make you very sick. It can give you the same symptoms as food poisoning. So you have to try to not chew plastic if you see it.  Something has changed. Since you were both virgins when you started, it could be assumed that you were both free of disease and safe for each other. This changes as soon as one partner is unfaithful to the other and creates the potential for diseases to come into the relationship. Maybe you should both see a doctor about this.  If you mean dry mouth as in when you wake up then you are likely just snoring but otherwise yes, there are many medications that cause both of these symptoms, I recommend you talk to your doctor about any medication you are taking and whether they are the cause and what you can change/do to fix it.  Thanks! It ended up going away on its own. I think it was from my wisdom teeth trying to come in. They still haven't come in! They come out and then go back in and then out again.  I had the exact same symptoms! I am an 18 year old female. I'm not sure which issue has caused the symptoms but recently I found out that I have a lesion in my brain and I also have hormone imbalances. I would recommend seeing your doctor. Keep searching until you find the answers!  Are you eating or drinking before taking your temperature? That can interfere with the temperature showing on the thermometer. You could try taking your temp with the thermometer under your arm (on bare skin).  I've used one several times. My sister and I take it out of our mouth to swallow when needed while using it. It's ok to take a couple second break here and there.  This is another great question, and I can tell you that nine times out of ten when I have patients who come to me with this question, its because theyre spraying it in their mouth and not inhaling it the way that theyre supposed to. I actually offer to retrain them on how theyre using their inhaler. If they do it the right way, they should really not have any bad taste in their mouth. But they can rinse their mouth afterwards, which is absolutely fine.  I am NOT a Dr. but I have experienced severe head trauma & surgery. If you have insurance or can afford it, I would highly recommend seeing a neurologist & having an MRI or Cat Scan. Just to be on the safe side & for your own reassurance.  I have severe sinus issues. I have dealt with many things like this. My advice, even though I am not a doctor, is to get a sinus wash to help relieve the pressure and smell.   I too, like the person answering before me, took years to find a Doctor, I think, will help me. I say" I think" because it was just told Fri., after having had an ultrasound and blood test done on Mon, prior. The ultrasound was of my stomach and pelvic area. The results I was given at that time is "low Ammonia". First time for either; test, as well as diagnosis in all my years of tests. I hope this helps ((*;*)) Lafinlady  Over-the-counter lip plumpers use ingredients that increase blood flow to the lips like cinnamon and wintergreen. When blood flow is enhanced the lips tend to get mild swelling and increase in redness. Sometimes these lip plumping ingredients can cause a sensation of tingling. Here is a link to an article that has lots of info about lip plumpers. http://www.webmd.com/healthy-beauty/features/bigger-lips-lip-plumping-products Take care <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p>  if you have rosacea the rash around your mouth might be a irnritent like face wash or the type of lipstick or gloss your using. i have rosacea i have to be careful on what kind of face wash make up and lotion i use. i recamend you get a clamming face wash and change your make up to powder.  I've dealt with this type of issue before. With me, after a short while, a cold sore usually pops up. I started applying a local treatment right from the onset of that sensation. That seemed to prevent further problems for me...  The best thing to do is have her see her pediatrician. It could be her teeth or another issue like reflux or oral/motor problems. Short-term decreases in food intake are usually not a problem but if it's causing her food intake to decrease permanently (or causing food aversions), you need to take action. Two year olds cannot always communicate what exactly is going on with them. Good luck!  While dry mouth is not considered a symptom of constipation it could be related because inadequate fluid/water intake is often one of the causes of hard stools. If the body needs more water it will reabsorb it from the stool in the colon, making it more hard and dry.  Yes. Hand, foot, and mouth disease (HFMD) is caused by viruses from a group called enteroviruses. HFMD is common in infants and children, but can also affect adults. Symptoms can include fever, sore throat, and blistering sores in the mouth that become ulcers. A rash may appear on the palms and soles of the hands and feet. HFMD is spread through virus-contaminated secretions from the nose, throat, saliva, or blister fluid. A person can still transmit the virus to others for weeks after symptoms resolve. Hand, foot, and mouth disease has nothing to do with foot-and-mouth disease, a disease that affects livestock. Foot-and-mouth (or hoof-and-mouth) is caused by a different virus, and people cant catch the disease from animals.  Hand foot and mouth disease (HFM) is a viral infection characterized by fever and a typical rash most frequently seen on the palms of the hands, soles of the feet, and inside the mouth. It should not be confused with foot (hoof) and mouth disease that affects cattle, sheep, and swine.  Shingles, or herpes zoster, is caused by the chicken pox virus. Once you have had chicken pox, the virus remains dormant in your body. When this virus reawakens, it causes a blistering rash called shingles. If shingles affects the trigeminal nerve on the face, it can cause sores to appear on one side of the mouth, tongue and palate. Other viruses, including herpes can also cause blisters around the mouth. Click on this link for more information about shingles.  One way to tell you are pregnant is to get a blood pregnancy test done. When you put a urine pregnancy test in your mouth it counteracts with the device and it isnt made for an oral test...Go to your doctor and get a blood test done...It is the most effective and positive way to go and it is 99.9 percent correct.  Hi The old way was 3 months, but with new testing you should be able to get a good test now, that's unless India is behind the rest of the HIV world. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Some antibiotics and drugs, such as those for high blood pressure, rheumatoid arthritis, kidney stones, or depression, can cause odd tastes. If you're not taking medications for conditions like these and if you haven't had a thorough general check up recently, see your doctor to rule out any undiagnosed health problems. Sometimes the flu, heartburn, or very rarely, lead poisoning, can cause the odd taste. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, Could be your wife may have mouth ulcers or an abscess, as both of these can leave a bitter taste in the mouth. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi AS some time has passed, have you done anything? If not try the ER, just to be on the safe side of things. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read through this link its from the Uk's NHS, covers all you need to know and treatment http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Cold-sore/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy this link into google to open and read, just copy to the www. Simple treatment is cold tea bags for cold sores, for more info just google cols tea bags for cold sores. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Yes your find emotional changes do happen with MS, I think you find its down to stress. You could google ms side effects personality changes good to bad, for more info. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The yeast infection if its that can be got any time from someone who dose not smoke, its just happen its from yeast and that floats around in the air. As for BV well has your guy been playing the field or you even, it just gets passed around or back and forth, for both on these you both need to be on meds or sea salt. OK, SS in a warm bath twice daily for 5 days should clear up your problem, you need just a couple of handfuls of SS in a warm bath not to deep, you must let this water get inside your vagina. One more bit of advice, if your not shaved off your pubic hairs now would be a good time to do it, YI just loves a nice warm area like your pubic hairs to live in, and when you get the chance go without nickers. lets your vagina breath, also wear cotton nickers. Doing these last 3 things will make your vagina healthy. Some links to read. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html http://www.naturecures.co.uk/fungi.htm http://www.midwiferytoday.com/articles/garlic.asp Just copy these links into google one at a time to open and read, lots of helpful info. Also google sea salt and yeast infection, sea salt and bv, sea salt and the vagina,. lots more info to read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try this, get a pack of condoms and suck on one, if you get the same reaction, then you will know what to do? I don't think I have to spell it out. One last thing is this before he ejaculates, or after, if its before then up top, if its after it could be his sperm, as he been put on any meds since this started? or it could be that his sperm has gone acidic, if that's the case then he needs to get looked at. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes it can, have a read of this link. The Link http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/hand-foot-and-mouth-disease/Pages/Introduction.aspx Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This could depend how long its been going on? But if its that bad you should get to an ER, they will take it a way for you, that's after an x-ray, to see how compacted you are. Nice work if you can get it. Good Luck  Hi I was always told open, do it closed and your find it just puts to much pressure on your body, could even lead to heart problems. Think of the really big sneezes, you can see how that could be true, lots of pressure. Good Luck  Hi have you been to your doctor? if you that worried that would be the first place any of us would go. But if your really, really worried you would seek a cancer specialist to get checked out. I don't think anyone on here would like to give you an answer blind, as we cant see it or feel it. Just come of the cancer stress button, try relaxing and just think of it as a simple pimple, perhaps give it time it will just go. Good Luck  Hi Seeing as its swollen, Get To An ER ASAP if there's poison in the swelling the last thing you want is this running round your body, so go now. When you get the chance read through this link. http://benthamopen.com/rptcs/articles/V002/40RPTCS.pdf Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Good Luck  Hi Once it was swallowed its gone, and any left in her mouth, which I think there would have been may not have survived in her mouth, there not meant to be there. So I think your both safe. Just be safe get her on some kind of BC, takes all the worries away. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Been to your doctor yet? if not why not, this should be the first place to go, for help not doing this will send you crazy. Have you thought of the fact it could be just a phantom pregnancy, it can happen, one more thing is that at times a women can go thought there whole pregnancy having the monthly period, crazy as it sounds. Please remember some women go through life having miscarriage after miscarriage, perhaps up to 10 times before they get all the way or never. So please go seek help from your doctor or obstetrician, these are the people who can really help you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi Will its all down to wait and see, your body's own defences could done its work, but you will need to wait a few weeks to see if it has you in its grip. So you will just have to wait. Good Luck  Hi If this is what your getting, then get yourself off to an STD/GUM Clinic, and get tested, it would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi I think your find that you may have a abscess, under one of you teeth, they leak and it tastes horrid. See your dentist. Good Luck  Hi No doubt he urinated far more than just once, each time he urinated he is flushing his urethra. So I think you should be OK, Look if you that worried, either get on the pill or a Nuvaring as protection, that way you can do just what you want without all these worries you getting now, just remember his sperm is just like playing with dynamite, do it wrong and BANG, your pregnant. Think safety, think condoms, safe sex is best. Good Luck  Hi, You have an allergy to the fruits your getting problems from, so strike them of your shopping list, and just stick to the ones that don't give you problems. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Smithy, I have seen some bits about this on www.earthclinic.com but never taken any notice of it but its there, and I think you find lots to read. Good Luck  Hi, Then its either off to your doctor, and get some tests done, or you local STD/GUM Clinic for the same. By doing this it will put your mind at rest. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like a vets visit is needed, ASAP the vet may give you some rehydration packs for him you have to use one each day, that's why his fur is like that he's dehydrated, and he may have something stuck at the back of his mouth, that's why he's keeping it open. Please the vets ASAP Good Luck  Hi have seen a similar question to this before but with a different ending? could it have been you also? I think it would be best for you to see your doctor, get him to sort you out some tests, some thing is linked somewhere, for you to have this problem. Good Luck  Hi Its shock, but when she gets hungry I think she will open her mouth then, either that or needs a drink, but not water for now. If these don't work seek medical help, if this has just happened, just give it an hour, but keep talking to her, she may just calm down, if not as its Sunday get her to an ER, there may be some help there, even if its just a shot to relax her and make her sleep. Good Luck  Hi have seen a similar question to this before but with a different ending? could it have been you also? I think it would be best for you to see your doctor, get him to sort you out some tests, some thing is linked somewhere, for you to have this problem. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Just to make sure its not an STI or STD, its a game of elimination, so start at an STD/GUM Clinic, get tested and see if your clear, if not they will get you on the right meds. Losing weight with a thyroid problem is not easy, but can be done, just google this, weight and thyroid problems. Doing that last bit should help you. Good Luck  Hi Then get back to your dentist and ask for stronger ones, but as its Saturday it could be the ER would be your best bet. But these swelling could be putting pressure on your ears giving you pains in you ears, these things do some strange things to people. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try seeing a psychologist, for some treatment, could work wonders for you. Good Luck  Hi No your not over reacting, anytime you fill you may have an STD or STI go get checked out that's what the STD/GUM Clinics are there for, They would sooner you come and get tested before something big happens and you don't get there. Good Luck  Hi, Yes you can. HIV is transmitted through four bodily fluids and they are: semen, vaginal secretions, blood, and breast milk. If you perform oral sex on someone without protection, you can surely get infected with HIV. I think somebody needs to go and get tested, but I think there is a time scale before you go and get tested, here's a link from WebMD it might help you. http://www.webmd.com/hiv-aids/staying-healthy-10/slideshow-hiv-myths-facts?ecd=wnl_sxr_091813&ctr=wnl-sxr-091813_ld-stry&mb Do hope this helps you Good Luck  Hi You say he ejaculated in a tissue? yes then how did you get sperm in your mouth? But if you had sex after and it was unprotected and he pulled out before ejaculation, then yes you could get pregnant from that as sperm would have been inside his penis. But from what your saying about the shower, not much chance of that happening Any help. Good Luick  Hi You should not be working inside like that without oxygen lines, I would get this checked out with your local health people. Good Luck  Hi A metallic taste in the mouth normally points to a kidney problem, But please google this, metallic taste in mouth, you may see something that rings a bell to your problem, there's lots of them. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The only thing is to go with it for a few more days, but try and offer him things you really know he likes, but not any fast foods or junk foods. And see how he does, see if after a few days he change's his eating pattern, then see how he's doing. Its things kids can do from time to time. Good Luck  Hi Done some very quick research, on an idea, just google these. does nicotine cause bv does nicotine cause yeast infections Now under this last one found you this, but most of the info is from smoking. http://www.yeastinfectionnews.com/types/tobacco-yeast-infections/ Tobacco Use When caused by the use of tobacco, yeast infections can occur in anyone. The reason that tobacco use increases the risk of oral thrush is that it alters the chemistry of your mouth allowing the Candida bacteria to move into a position of power. Your mouth is already a prime area as far as Candida is concerned because in is generally both warm and moist. The skin in some parts of your mouth is also very thin, allowing Candida better access to the supplies of nutrients hidden just below the surface. Generally your helper bacteria and immune system can stave off Candida infection, but if you do something like chew tobacco, smoke or just generally practice poor dental hygiene, you could be helping to swing the balance in the direction of the bacteria. If you have dentures, you are at a particularly high risk of developing oral thrush, particularly if the dentures dont fit well and if you also use tobacco, yeast infections are very likely to develop. Perhaps this will help better. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, Its your body telling sex is coming, so it makes your mouth water, bit like a dog waiting for its food. I would say your very lucky, think of all this natural lubrication your getting, and its all free, saliva works just as well as all these sex lubrications, Don't knock it enjoy it. Good Luck  Hi, OK it seems if you already have one type of HSV, it is harder to get the other type. Thats because the virus causes the body to produce antibodies that provide some crossover protection against the other type should it entering the body. Thats why when a person with a prior HSV infection does contract the other type, the first episode tends to be less sever than in a person who has no prior antibodies. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, So, A you should have been to a doctor 51/2 months ago. Now, B its sounds like you have big trouble, so now go to your doctor or an ER ASAP but I would not tell them how long you have had it. Good Luck  Hi So try an obstetrician then, its an other alley could try going down for help. Good Luck  Hi, You can get chlamydia by having vaginal, anal, or oral sex with someone who has chlamydia. And yes it can stay hidden deep inside your body tissues, your lucky sometimes can stay there for up to 15 years, some couples get there marriages wrecked because of that. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Yes a metallic taste in the mouth is part of it. Dose this help you. Good Luck  Hi, Could be a bad tooth, bad gums, but if are getting this through the day, best bet see a dentist first, could be an old filling lose and infected, or a cracked tooth with an abcess, and its leaking. Good Luck  Hi So if its the skin causing the problems, then its the yeasts that's on the skins, all fruit has yeast on the skins, its this that turns fruit into wine, even if you don't add any extra yeast, so try peeling the skin of any fruit your eating, and hopefully you should get past your problem. Good Luck  Hi, You can get chlamydia by having vaginal, anal, or oral sex with someone who has chlamydia. But if you now did not have chlamydia, then you would not be here asking this question, yes? but as you now have it still the same answer, gay or straight And yes it can stay hidden deep inside your body tissues, your lucky sometimes can stay there for up to 15 years, some couples get there marriages wrecked because of that. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try this for a few days, gargle with a warm water and sea salt, if sea salt can cure vaginal thrush, cant see why it should not heal your throat, jus a good tea spoonful in the glass, do it 3 times a day. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, If your husband knows your past history with oral sex, then he should not be asking you to perform oral sex on him, if he persists then it could end up breaking you marriage, And I'm sure he would like to do that. Sit down with and ask him to be sensible over this, and as he know the reasons behind what he's asking, just tell him to back off, oral sex is not the only way you can please him. But male semen is quite safe, no germs, wont make you fat or give you a big bust, just has some nutrients in it and not a lot else. OK if you do go that way to please him, just tell not to ejeculate in your mouth, there is a certain fill to his erection just before he ejeculates, you should find it gets just a little stiffer in his erection, just in case he is in his own world, and you should fill the first pulse as he starts to ejaculate, this is down to the filling through your mouth, or ask him to tell you when he's getting close, then finish him by hand. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes you can do, but please, sea salt is best, but have a good read of this link, it should help you. http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/canker-sore/basics/lifestyle-home-remedies/con-20021262 Just copy into google to open and read. Good Luck  Hi I would get to an ENT about your tonsil stones from what I can read, some of your problems could stem from there, its to do with sulphur caused by the stones. It would be a good starting point, perhaps the rest will fall in place after. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Have a read of this and see just how they match what you and your room mate are going through. Carbon monoxide is a poisonous gas that has no smell or taste. Breathing it in can make you unwell and it can kill. Carbon monoxide (CO) is sometimes referred to as the 'silent killer'. In the UK, more than 50 people die from accidental carbon monoxide poisoning every year, and 200 people are left seriously ill. A headache is the most common symptom of mild carbon monoxide poisoning. Other symptoms include: dizziness and nausea (feeling sick) vomiting (being sick) tiredness and confusion stomach pain shortness of breath and difficulty breathing Symptoms of carbon monoxide poisoning can be similar to those of food poisoning and the flu. However, unlike flu, carbon monoxide poisoning does not cause a high temperature (fever). You may just have carbon monoxide coming into your room. did this company not do a carbon monoxide test as well. Do hope this helps you and your room mate. Good Luck  Hi Go see your doctor, My grandson did not have the had the whole roof of his mouth when he was born, that was fixed took a few operations, even down to the last small hole, but see your doctor he should send you off to see a specialist for this. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Here Is two links, they both tell about the same thin but its fun this way you get an overall picture. Now as for sperm in the mouth, its is a nice warm damp place but not a good place for sperm, its not like you can hold sperm in your mouth, it would soon be swallowed or spat out, so I think your safe from that. http://www.webmd.com/infertility-and-reproduction/guide/sperm-and-semen-faq http://www.justmommies.com/articles/how-long-do-sperm-live.shtml Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This is just like the gum shields that sportsman use, American footballers, English rugby players and any sport were mouth protection is needed. You must have seen them? Good Luck  Hi I think what your eating is giving you enough natural salt, if you read this link it confirms what I'm saying. The Link http://nutrition.about.com/od/too-much-or-not-enough/f/What-Happens-If-I-Don-T-Consume-Enough-Sodium.htm Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It could be possible, but sperm that's been in your mouth the acids in your mouth could kill it, but then this was straight after your period? But then chuck in that some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month, its a bit of a mine field. Just one last thing, have you done an HPT? or had a doctor do a pregnancy test? Or it could be just a skipped period, it does happen. Things to think about. Good Luck  Hi As long as you have a healthy mouth, ten things should be ok As for her juices, just don't worry, they wont harm you, just enjoy them and the taste. Just hope she returns the favour. Good Luck  Hi If you google this part of your question, rinse my mouth out daily with lemon juice, Your find all the answer and lots more, its a very interesting question. You will find what your doing is OK. Thank you. Good Luck  Hi You must have a funny way of working in the states, in the UK they set the ex-ray up and the dentist and his nurse go out of the room, so why are you holding and ex-ray cone, are you sure that's allowed. But if that is what you are doing then no, no way should you be doing that, tell your dentist to hold it, why you go out of the room. Do hope this helps . Good Luck  Hi May be you wife has thrush, I would send her off for tests. if not she could try the sea salt way, just a couple of handfuls of sea salt in a warm bath, or a sitz bath but less sea salt for a week, but she needs to let the water get inside her vagina, and do it twice a day. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you google you drug with ED your find there is just a very low chance of it happening, so perhaps your one of the low chances. But the other things you say about are side effects, and it does say if you get these see your doctor? I don't think you want to do that, do you? Hopefully if you come off it things should get better. Good Luck  It sounds like you have an inner ear infection. I would go see an ENT to see if there is an antibiotic treatment or if surgery is needed since this is recurring.  Over the counter pregnancy tests are generally very reliable, so it unlikely that you are pregnant. However, I would recommend that you see your doctor just to make sure since you are having symptoms of being pregnant. Your doctor may also do some additional blood work, including a thyroid test, to evaluate other reasons for the symptoms which you are experiencing.  yes  Yes, my daughter got hand, foot and mouth disease from her daughter that is 20 months old. It is a nasty and terrible virus. Your throat feels like razors blades are in it, your body feels like you have pneumonia. My granddaughter and daughter have suffered terrible with this virus and there seems to be nothing that helps!  Not sure if you saw a doctor about this, or if the doctor had heard the heart murmur before you started experiencing this. See a cardiologist/otolaryngologist as soon as you can to help properly figure out what is going on. Your health is nothing to mess around with. My grandfather was 31 years old; in the Air Force; had seen declared "healthy as a horse" by his doctor; and passed away from a heart attack the next day. Don't stop until you find a doctor who'll finally tell you what's going on. Good luck.  Younger children bleed very easily....the smallest cut can bleed like a major laceration. Since the nose is highly vascular, it takes very little for it to bleed....a probing finger (even if you have not seen it), dry environment, allergies, colds, etc. Once the nose bleeds, a scab forms but because the lining of the nose is a mucous membrane, the scab tends to fall off...resulting in another bleed, often from the same exact spot. Recurrent nose bleeds may require a simple, chemical cautery that can be done in the office. Momentarily unpleasant, this often solves the problem You can also coat the inside of the nose with saline GEL or Vaseline to keep things moist. Discourage any nose-picking.....your child may be different, but the preschooler in my practice make nose-picking into a fine art form. You can read more about nosebleeds by putting EPISTAXIS into you WebMD search engine.  In primary care medicine over 40 years....and I have NEVER heard that recommendation. Sorry. I don't think that salt would have any bearing on a person having a seizure, regardless of the type. As a matter of fact, I think it could be dangerous.  You may have a TMJ (temperomandibular joint) disorder. In order to be properly diagnosed, you will need to see an ENT or a dentist that specializes in this area of dental surgery.  First and most important: How do you know those bumps in the back of the throat are HPV? Have they been properly tested (biopsied)? Pharyngeal HPV is not that common and should be aggressively treated. Second, HPV is transmittable from one mucous membrane (mouth, rectum, penis, vagina) to another. Even skin to skin contact can transmit HPV.  I have no way of confirming your diagnosis since I can't examine your face, Mupirocin is a great topical that covers both Staph and Strep, but if your infection is deeper in the tissue, you may need a systemic (oral) antibiotic again. Or, you may have something other than impetigo. Seeing a dermatologist may be an appropriate next step since your doctor's treatment for the last four months has not been effective.  No. Hand, foot, and mouth disease is a virus, most likely acquired at school or where other children congregate. It is not from unsanitary conditions or exposure to animal excrement/urine.  First, make sure this is actually herpes. There are many viral infections that can occur in the mouth that can mimic herpetic lesions. Have you had a culture? If it herpes, you are capable of spreading the virus to others who may be susceptible. If someone has a history of oral herpes, themselves, you cannot spread to to them (they already have the virus). Be extra careful with kissing when you have active lesions. Not all people who are exposed when you do not have active lesions will get herpes simplex, but it is possible.  I can't tell you what it is either, since I cannot examine the area. Unfortunately, your description is not specific enough to narrow down the many possibilities. My suggestion for you...since you have battled this skin affliction for four months now with various treatments....is to see a dermatologist for a higher-level evaluation. If you have seen a dermatologist, then see a different one for a "second opinion". I am sorry that I can't help you, but there is no substitution or a hands-on evaluation.  No...it is not okay. Itching is a sign of an allergic reaction, so it would be best for your doctor or dentist to prescribe something else. An antihistamine should help control or stop the itching.  Keep ALL of those batteries away from him. I see no reason why he should have access to them. An accidental ingestion can be very serious. Behaviors like this can be modified by on-going behavior modification efforts, but it would just be easier to lock up those batteries.  Yes....  No one can be adequately diagnosed over the Internet based solely on a description. You will need to be examined by a medical provider since there can be sooooo many reasons. It is possible that not all of your symptoms are "connected" (a person can have more than one medical issue at the same time). You may need a Strep test for your throat....or even a test for mononucleosis, but a medical provider would need to make that decision based on your examination findings.  No, this is not likely. A person can certainly have more than one medical issue at the same time, so this would be more likely the case.  Nothing bad will happen if you accidentally got Cortisone-10 in your mouth. It may taste terrible, but it will not cause you any harm. The bubbles that you may or may not experience would likely be a salivary gland response -- not unusual when something yucky stimulates them.  Obviously, I do not know all of the details of your oral contact, nor the overall health of the person you were kissing, but it would not be very likely to contract HIV in this manner. Since you are so worried, you can consider being tested for you peace of mind.  You are engaging in some very, very risky behavior by having any sexual contact with a prostitute. Since you do not know the HIV or other STD status of this woman, it would be wise to curtail this activity in the future. While it would be unlikely to contact HIV in this manner, you may need to be tested for your own peace of mind. If a condom breaks during oral sex, you would be susceptable to any ORAL disease this person may have, some of which may be sexually transmitted.  I could not possibly answer that question based solely on the brief, vague information in your posting. I do not know what you had twenty years ago in your mouth that came back now...there are numerous conditions that cause sores. Your other symptoms.....nausea, vomiting, joint weakness, achey, and vaginal sores (last summer)....are so non-specific that it is going to take a thorough medical investigation just to narrow down the many possibilities. You will need to see your medical provider to start the diagnostic process....  Dark (yellow) phlegm could be a sign of an infection, or at least, stagnation of mucous in your nose, sinuses, or lungs. The fact that it is foul-tasting is another sign of a possible infection. The color of mucous is not as important is the entire package of symptoms that you may be experiencing, so if this continues, you may need to see a medical evaluation. In the meantime, drink plenty of water (this will thin your mucous), humidify the air (humidifier or a hot, steamy shower), and consider trying a decongestant during the day. If the underlying cause is a cold (viral), then you should be improving in a few days. If you are having sinus pain, sore throat, chest pain, or fever, then it would not be prudent to wait it out.  Yes, I suspect your sore tongue will improve on its own.  No...that is just your sexual preference. As long as your partner is willing and cooperative, I don't think you will need to join a 12-Step program.  Are you having risky behavior? Most definitely. Do you have an STD/HIV risk because of these two incidents? Yes. I think you know that. Should you be STD/HIV tested? Yes. Are the tests accurate? The tests are good, but tests are rarely "100%" accurate. This is why conscious prevention is really your only protection. You are the only one who knows....for sure....of your sexual exposure(s). You do NOT know 100% of the sexual exposure of your partners. People lie about this all of the time, Jake. Sadly, men in particular, are know for their convincing ability for telling untruths. You need to protect yourself. YOU and you alone are in charge of your sexual activities. Your partner has a shared responsibility but may not have the same moral compass as you. Sex is enjoyable....nature has provided this gift for us, but sex is not worth risking your health, sleepless nights of worry, or even dying for. Period.  Sadly, yes. You can pass herpes, type 1 or 2, to your children, so it would be wise to hold off on kissing them when you have a lip lesion breakout. When you have genital lesions, you should consider taking some suppression medicine (antiviral drugs) to limit your outbreaks, and exercise some caution when touching these lesions, or sharing towels. Herpes can be spread even when you do not have active lesions, but this is less common. There is a good chance that your children may get exposed to herpes simplex from one of their classmates at some time in their young lives, so if they do get it, it may not be from you exclusively.  No...but your sexual practices likely CAUSED her UTI.  Going to the dentist should be safe, but you must always inform your dentist that you are pregnant. Elective x-rays, for instance, may be postponed until after you deliver, and any medications that may be prescribed would have to be those proven safe during pregnancy. The medicine that numbs your mouth is lidocaine. Very little, if any, will be absorbed through the body...most of it stays right where the dentist put it...and the amount is very, very tiny. This is not contraindicated if you are pregnant. Your OB may also have some different parameters about dental visits, so please discuss this in advance.  You need to see an ear specialist (ENT) for a higher-level medical examination. Having ear pain or an ear infection for 2.5 months is not a pleasant experience, so this is your next step. You have either not been diagnosed properly or treated effectively, or you are havign some serious recurrent infections that are going to need the expert services of a specialist. The ENT has the equipment and expertise to diagnose and treat you. There are many more reasons for persistent ear pain than just an ear infection.  Yes. A cold sore is herpes simplex, and this virus can remain viable on surfaces for several hours.  I am so sorry to hear about your childhood molestation, so I can understand that oral sex with your husband could surface some of those past demons. Having a consentual, caring sexual relationship with your husband is not the same. I trust that your husband will be respectful and understanding about your reluctance. I can assure you that semen is harmless in your mouth, but your husband does not have to ejaculate....he can control it. You will not get any disease-causing germs from this practice in a monogamous relationship with your husband. Consentual, oral sex is safe and can be pleasurable for both of you. This would be a new sexual experience for you, so if you are emotionally ready, take "little steps" at first.  Do I have the ability to diagnose you over the Internet? No, I do not. I do not have any way of determining the cause or the significance of your symptoms based solely on your brief posting. I do not know your medical history, nor do I have the ability to reach out and examine you -- all essential components to getting an accurate diagnosis. While I am very sympathetic to your financial situation and lack of insurance, there is very little that can be achieved without a hand-on medical examination. Look for free clinics, student health centers, or urgent care facilities. Give you body and your health the same consideration as you would if your car suddenly broke down and needed a costly repair.  Call your dentist so that you can be examined again. This is not normal.  Worrying doesn't cure anything, especially anxiety. It would be impossible to determine the nature of these black spots based on a vague description, so you will need a hands-on professional opinion. Your dentist is skilled in this area, but your primary care provider or an ENT can also render an opinion.  Yes, transmission is possible.  Not even close.... Hand, foot, and mouth disease is totally different than rubella (German Measles). You are most likely vaccinated and immune to rubella, but there is no vaccine for HFM disease.  Tongues heal quickly, so try to avoid salty foods (salt on an open wound, so to speak). There are some over-the-counter glycerin/peroxide products that your pharmacist can recommend to rinse your mouth, but it will not speed up the healing...that is still going to take a few days. Your medical provider can call in some viscous lidocaine to hold in your mouth and then spit out...this will temporarily numb your tongue, lips, cheeks, throat, and just about any oral mucous surface. It will provide some temporary relief if you are interested in using it. Oral pain meds, like ibuprofen or acetaminophen can also help lower that pain threshold. Personally, you may just decide to "wing it". and that's okay, too.  I don't know....I didn't see it; you did. There are many possibilities, but consider a TONSILLITH (a tonsil stone that has dislodged). You can find information about cryptic tonsils and tonsillitis on WebMD ENT board or by a WebMD or Google search.  As you know, I have no way of examining these mysterious red blisters over the Internet, so I am at a disadvantage. Hand, Foot, and Mouth disease will give whitish papules (look like tiny blisters but are more firm) on the PALMS of the hands, SOLES of the feet, and canker-sore like lesions inside the mouth . What you are describing would not be consistent with Hand, Foot, and Mouth disease.  I have no way of diagnosing the type of mouth sores that you have, but clotrimazole lozenges would only be helpful for yeast (thrush). They would not have any effect on canker sores (aphthous ulcers), or other lesions. Most recurrent mouth lesions are aphthous ulcers.  There is really nothing topical in the form of a cream that will help the skin lesion discomfort. There is an analgesic syrup for the inside of the mouth (viscous lidocaine) by prescription that you can swab if her medical provider prescribes it. Ibuprofen helps with the lesions on the skin, unless her pediatrician gives her a codeine-containing pain medication.  This may be a neurological problem that can affect men or women. This could be a condition called Bell's Palsy, but there can be other causes. Please see your medical provider so that you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  That would require a flat-plate abdominal x-ray, although I did see a video one day of a person using a metal detector that he had at home. When he got to his stomach, it beeped. I guess you would know when it emerged from the other end, but since nails are sharp, and sharp things tend to puncture intestines, you may want to run this issue by your medical provider to see if a plain, quick x-ray would solve this mystery.  Impetigo can form on your lips, however, since I have no way of examining you over the Internet, I have no way of knowing if your blister is impetigo or not.  No. Your dental caries is not likely due to yeast, so you did not cause it.  If you have never had a breakout of herpes anywhere in your body, and you have only been exposed to the mouth type (herpes type 1), you are not contagious.  Teething is a process, and getting that first tooth can take longer in some children. The lack of drooling is really not clinically significant, but if he is having loose stools, he could be a bit dehydrated. A dry mouth, lack of tears, and less wet diapers would indicate that he needs more fluids. If he does have a mild "stomach bug", it doesn't appear that it would be too bad since he is acting well. Just treat any discomfort if you notice it, and make sure the gets plenty of fluids. Otherwise....I suspect he will be fine.  If you smoke enough marijuana to get a dry mouth (and don't brush your teeth because you are stoned), then I guess it can have an indirect effect on cavity formation. Certainly, people who use meth (crystal) tend to get the worst teeth every.  Yes, the virus that causes the common wart can spread fromt he fingers to the lips or even the inside of the nose (guess how this may have happened). The tape is a good idea, but why not just treat the wart? A few seconds of freezing it with liquid nitrogen may do it, or it could take a few treatments (depending on the location, the size of the wart, and your daughter's cooperation - this can sting). There are other, slower but less-painful methods as well. If you treat the wart on the finger, then the chance of it spreading is very unlikely.  Many people get canker sores....aphthous ulcers. This is not a sign of anything bad or ominous. They should resolve spontaneously in a week or so.....if not, you will need to see your medical provider for an examination.  Not all asthma inhalers. Asthma inhalers that contain steroids can contribute to the formation of thrush.  You can try it, but there are so many underlying factors that cause snoring, that it would be best to see your medical provider or an ENT first to see if you have a correctable condition. There are chin straps....nose expanders....special pillows....dental appliances....t-shirts with tennis balls sewed in the back....vitamin/mineral/herbal concoctions....that all claim to cure snoring, so don't get caught up with false promises. As long as you can have a money-back guarantee (and they actually refund you money), you can try the chin straps. Personally....knowing the anatomy quite well....I don't think a strap will be your answer..  See a dentist that specializes in TMJ (temporomandibular) joint disorders. You will need a thorough examination and some imaging studies.  Maybe. All branches of that facial nerve may not be affected. Don't "self-diagnose" this disorder. See a medical provider right away since prompt treatment can really improve the outcome of Bells palsy or other facial nerve disorders.  Not good....the dentist will need to eventually remove this broken tooth remnant.  You may have a torus palate . You can look that up on the Internet.  I used have that after my teeth whiting for about 1mth but my sensitivity is still here after a year do not whiten teeth not worth the pain it's like needles going into every tooth I would cry with pain  It is possible. Here's information about the ailment: http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/rocky-mountain-spotted-fever http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/picture-of-rocky-mountain-spotted-fever  It really sounds like you were exposed to it in the past but your body developed antibodies to it and beat it. Looking at thy sympoms, it would seem that you'd remember a full blown case.  If you haven't yet talked to a Pharmacist, you should. There are some good topical creams, ointments, and shampoo's that could help you. They can recommend something over the counter (as you may need a prescription form a doctor to get something stronger from the Pharmacy) that might work for you.  To help ease the pain untill next month use orajel on the tooth or if you prefer natural use clove oil which contains properties that will help ease the pain.  has she seen a neurologist to rule out any serious problems  I've had the same thing happen. By any chance were there cracks in the tooth being extracted? I had to have some teeth extracted due to severe breakage of my teeth; the teeth had fillings and some had had root-canals, posts, and crowns. All such materials leave a nasty taste in many people's mouths awhile after extraction. Add to that the fact that blood itself has a metallic, more coppery taste. If it doesn't improve in another month, consult your dentist again.  Sounds like a canker sore, and they're awful, but not serious. OTC preparations are sold that can be brushed on these sores for temporary pain relief; they usually go away in 7 to 10 days. Check with your dentist to see if your mouth has the proper pH balance.  I know this was posted a long time ago, but I want to add that it could also be Vincent's Gingivitis, or "Trench Mouth," becoming more common among stressed-out college kids and many other people in the past two decades. Check with a doctor if it happens again.  I've always had major depressive disorder and social anxiety disorder. When I joined the Air Force they put me on all kinds of medications, paxil, lithium, lexapro and a couple others. It was like a forced happiness all the time and I was high as a kite. I didn't like it and stopped taking them and just dealt with it for a few years. Then it got on my nerves and I started doing research and taught myself how to deal with people. Then I got better without any medications. The pills cover up the problem, but don't cure anything. Do you want to cure it or cover it up?  First let me say I am so very sorry for the horrible experiences you had as a child. Your dad, hopefully, is dead or locked up. As far as swallowing semen, I don't think it's harmful generally, so long as the man has no diseases. It is mostly your mental attitude toward swallowing, some find it revolting. You cannot get pregnant from this.  All of the symptoms you are experiencing are signs of infection and are a real emergency that can get worse. I would get to a dentist as soon as possible. These types of infections can be quite painful and end up with a hospitalization or worse.  Gold crowns were the best fitting crowns we could make in dentistry for many, many years. Today, there are many tooth-colored options that are aesthetically superior, and that fit as well as gold. You will have to ask your dentist for the fees. I recommend you see your dentist for a consultation. In my office, we do a consultation with an up-front fee quote.  Pure peroxide is a very caustic substance that can burn tissue. If you want to rinse with hydrogen peroxide, you must dilute it with water, at least a 2:1 ratio of water to peroxide. Peroxide does help kill a lot of germs, but use it in combination with mouthwash and regular flossing.  Over-wearing your dentures can cause a fungal infection of the mouth. See your dentist immediately for treatment and for a denture cleaning.  There are many possibilities, such as canker sores, trauma from hot food or utensils, infection, or a tumor. The advice you received is accurate. If it goes away, dont worry about it!  A cap, or a crown, is a dental restoration that covers an entire tooth, like a new coat of enamel. A porcelain veneer covers the outside or visible face of the tooth. They are equally safe when used in the proper situations. For example, if a tooth is badly broken down by decay and has no remaining support, it needs a crown. If there is severe discoloration, or chipping, or misalignment of a front tooth a veneer may be the most appropriate treatment.  Skin peeling can be caused by food, drink, mouthwash, reflux, medicinal side effects, trauma, burning, aspirin, and a host of other possibilities. See your local dentist for an evaluation.  Sometimes teeth do not have enough room to erupt into the mouth and can be impacted in the palate. The best way to deal them it is to get treatment with an orthodontist and an oral surgeon to uncover the tooth and to guide eruption into the mouth.  Bottle rot is indicated by dark stains around the teeth. But if you are concerned, see your local pediatric dentist as soon as possible. The risk of potentially devastating nursing-pattern dental decay exists for the breastfed child just as it does for the bottle-fed child. This kind of decay is caused by extended and repetitive feedings, with prolonged exposure of erupted teeth to fermentable carbohydrates. Some General Recommendations 1. Infants should not be put to sleep with a bottle. Nocturnal breastfeeding should be avoided after the first primary tooth begins to erupt. 2. Parents are encouraged to transition infants into drinking from a cup as they approach their first birthday. Infants should be weaned from the bottle between 12 and 14 months of age. 3. Consumption of juices from a bottle should be avoided. 4. Oral hygiene measures should be implemented by the time of eruption of the first primary tooth. 5. An oral health consultation visit within six months of the eruption of the first tooth is recommended to educate parents and provide anticipatory guidance for prevention of dental disease.  It all depends on whether the night guard is custom made or not. The fabrication process involves the taking of impressions, a lab fabrication fee, a delivery visit with adjustments, and most likely a follow up visit or two. So I recommend asking the dentist to explain exactly what is involved in the process.  A type of yeast called candida causes thrush, or oral candidiasis. All of us have (candida) normally in our bodies, but its kept in check by our immune system so that we dont know we have it. You do not need to worry about that. You just need to follow few simple steps to deel with it like, rinse out your mouth and gargle with water after using an inhaler. You can also reduce your risk of developing thrush by using a spacer with your inhaled steroids. For more information you can visit PharmacySell.  Natural alternatives, such as bearberry extract, kojic acid, licorice extract, and niacin work toward brightening your skin and correcting your skin tone. However, your first approach should be to avoid exposure to UV rays. You should wear a sunscreen containing titanium dioxide, with an SPF of at least 40 if you are prone to hyperpigmentation.  Herpes doesn't travel around your body like that. Certainly the genital and anal areas could be herpes, but I would be very surprised if those on your torso are herpes. If you wonder more, you should have them swab tested when they appear. Also, herpes doesn't usually recur in the mouth, but rather on the outside of the mouth. Sores in the mouth are more often canker sores, not caused by herpes virus.  It could be as simple as vitamins you are taking, or it could be from a tooth infection.  You can get herpes when there are no sores present. Your body can shed the virus without you having any symptoms or ulcers. There can be areas where the condom is not covering an area where he might have had an ulcer.  Take a look at this information on , and you will see that it can easily be spread through coughing or sneezing, so no physical contact is needed. We hope this helps. The WebMD Answers Staff  Hi and welcome! I am not sure what medication your doctor may have used, but your pharmacist may be able to help. I'd recommend stopping by your local pharmacy and chatting with him or her. In the meantime, here is some information on and their treatment that I hope will be helpful. Take care, The WebMD Answers Staff  hypokid, If the red blotch around the pimple is still there tomorrow, see if your mom can make an appointment for you to have your doctor take a look. There could be one of many things going on with it: irritation, allergic reaction, infection, or something else. Only an examination of the area by your doctor or dermatologist will give you the best answer. WebMD Answers Staff  If you exercised to hard, then it is possible  You've been exercising to hard  Yes, you have gum disease! Healthy gums do not bleed. If your gums are healthy, you should be able to brush and floss without any pain or bleeding. Mouthwashes are useless if your brushing and flossing are not effective. I cannot answer to your dentist's diagnostic and communication skills, however I do recommend that you go and seek the advise of a periodontist.... Go in for a consult and have the periodontist examine your mouth, review your home care, and see why you are constantly bleeding. I do not know if you are taking any medication which might create this situation or your brushing technique is lacking, but this should be reviewed by the most trained person. Please do not delay this. Gingivitis (gum disease) is entirely reversible, if addressed in time.  You have to return to your dentist and report this. I do not know what was done, but if you had a crown made of non-precious metal (cheap metal that is used in low-level dentistry) you can easily get this type of reaction. This can also happen if you received an amalgam filling. Some people are more sensitive than others.  I totally agree with @webmd moderator. You should get your mom to take you to the doc. It's your face. Don't compromise or be embarrassed. We all do stuff like this sometimes.  I have never heard of this. I always thought that shingles and chicken pox were from the same virus, but have never heard of this connection.  OK - so first, no more home treatments like garlic. Also, you can ask a pharmacist at your local drug store for a product recommendation. Second - don't panic - stress will make it worse. This is what I would do if I were you. If it's big and hard like a cyst, put over the counter benzoyl peroxide product on it and don't touch it, pop it, etc. It's SOOOO hard not to mess with it but you just can't. It will make it worse. This is one of the active ingredients in Duac - so should help. If it is just a regular whitehead pimple (the doc would tell you not to do this) I would wash my hands very well, pop it, wash the area, put benzoyl peroxide on it and then leave it alone. Do not mess with it. It's only Tuesday - fingers crossed that this will work. I'll be wishing you luck!!!  I get the same thing, it is the osteoarthritis in my cervical neck that is pinching on the nerve thru my arm. I also have carpet tunnel syndrome with this and that can hurt the entire arm as well. my hands go weak, the arm, muscles, and I get tingling and numbness at times. therapy and shots in my spine did not work. sometimes I will put on my wrist splints when it gets bad, stop what i'm doing, and sit for a while till it subsides...take many breaks thru the day. The stuff in your face is probably the cervical neck osteo. pinching and herniated discs that may be in there, and you probably have TMJD with your jaw. I wear a jaw splint for that too, or I have gone to chiropractors and done exercise for the neck and jaw. I also take Cyclobenzaprine for jaw and neck pain and my fibromyalgia, and it works wonders, or I take Ibuprofen too if the other drug isn't enough for the pain. I try ice and heat too,  He also has a GI Infection right now i read on the internet that he could bleeding from the mouth from that  Sounds like it's time to call your obgyn.  could be sinuses  you may have trigeminal neuralgia (pain signals travelling down the facial nerves) this is a very common complaint for middle aged woman but can occur at any age. this involves sudden sharp intense pain from under the ear down the jaw up toward the cheekbone.http://www.patient.co.uk/health/Trigeminal-Neuralgia.htm please look at this page as it gives you more info than i can.  My mother has MS and she tends to get those symptoms, but some medications that are used to treat her have made it worse. if i am correct when she was on tysabri it made it worse and she was sick a lot. so i would say maybe look into it being your medication.  If a man already has genital herpes, and he passed the herpes on to his female partner, he could get sores on his face or mouth. It's kind of the same philosophy as you can get sores on your face if you use a towel on your crotch, and then on your face, during an outbreak.  Possibly a condition called Bell's Palsy.  It could be TMJ. Go see a dentist to confirm it. I have the same pain in my jaw closer to my ear as well. I also have really bad migraines due to it. Hope i helped!!  Blood cells contain hemoglobin which carries oxygen. When blood breaks down, iron is released and causes a metallic taste in mouth. Bleeding can be from the gums, sinuses or nose.  i would take her to the hospital to get checked out it could effect her tooth delvopment in the future (possibility) not saying it will but could  i know when i had strep throat every thing burnes and i could not swallow at all. water burned the worst to. popsicles and pudding was the easiest on my throat  frequent urination, extreme thirst and unexpected weight loss.   Have your dentist check for TMJ. This is where the upper jaw is popping and sounds like popcorn crunching. Temporomandibular disorders (TMD) occur as a result of problems with the jaw, jaw joint and surrounding facial muscles that control chewing and moving the jaw. These disorders are often incorrectly called TMJ, which stands for temporomandibular joint. What Is the Temporomandibular Joint (TMJ)? The temporomandibular joint (TMJ) is the hinge joint that connects the lower jaw (mandible) to the temporal bone of the skull, which is immediately in front of the ear on each side of your head. The joints are flexible, allowing the jaw to move smoothly up and down and side to side and enabling you to talk, chew, and yawn. Muscles attached to and surrounding the jaw joint control the position and movement of the jaw. What Causes TMD? The cause of TMD is not clear, but dentists believe that symptoms arise from problems with the muscles of the jaw or with the parts of the joint itself. Injury to the jaw, temporomandibular joint, or muscles of the head and neck  such as from a heavy blow or whiplash  can cause TMD. Other possible causes include: Grinding or clenching the teeth, which puts a lot of pressure on the TMJ Dislocation of the soft cushion or disc between the ball and socket Presence of osteoarthritis or rheumatoid arthritis in the TMJ Stress, which can cause a person to tighten facial and jaw muscles or clench the teeth  Check out these tips: http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/acne/acne-care-11/slideshow-acne-cover-ups . Also, there is nothing wrong with a boy using a little concealer for a special event. Just make sure it isn't obvious -- maybe get your mom to help you.  Bells palsy. i had it...it well go away on its own most of the time.. u should see a doctor or a neurologist just in case it is some thing else.. mine was caused by my m.s.  I have thought that it was an allergic reaction but how is it that i can eat apple sauce? O the Dole cups with pears and peaches in natural juice? I can eat mango, but it was the minute the skin touched my lip that the problem started again. The mango didn't cause the problem but the skin did. This is why I don't think its the actually fruit.  yes you can definitely get out breaks on your mouth but only if you already have one while preforming oral sex. as long as neither of you have an out break at the time oral sex and anything else your into is fine. its the outbreaks that cause the damage so when you have an outbreak mouth or otherwise just abstain from oral sex until the sores are gone. that's my opinion, my dad has herpes and that's how he explained it to me.  In my experience yes. I have severe anemia and I got tired very easily. I got dizzy whenever I stood up or moved too fast. My mouth was always dry, no matter what. I got a blood transfusion, and that helped for about 6 months.  I have heard even more serious things can occur such as a Brain haemorrhage ,eye problems ,sinus problems etc. - Can this be confirmed ?  @bestaunt201  I`ve used mouth wash before also. I also get a choking feeling and sometimes throw up a bit. & it's pretty often too. I think it's normal. It probably happens because the mouth wash is too close to your throat in ur mouth. So yeah lols  You should really see your family physician 10. When Should I Call the Doctor About Digestive Problems? You should call your health care provider if you have any of the following digestive symptoms. Heartburn that persists and/or becomes more severe, or is not relieved by medication A sensation of food caught in the chest or throat Unusual or persistent abdominal pain Discomfort that interferes with daily activities Difficult or painful swallowing Heartburn that causes vomiting Vomiting of blood Bloody or black stools Dramatic weight loss Persistent hoarseness and/or a sore throat Episodes of choking Persistent diarrhea New or persistent constipation  love marriage specialist by baba ji 919829717996  love problem solution astrologer (([9829717996]))  do I need to go to the emergency room?  should I go to the emergency room  i work in a dental office and it sounds like you have ulcerated the gum tissue from the seeds. the mouth heals rather quickly. i would rec rinsing with warm salt water for a couple of days. if not any better you should see your dentist.  yes  I know of someone who sustained head trauma and never had it checked- he was found dead five weeks later and after the autopsy the first question the Dr. asked the family was," had he suffered a recent head trauma"? Your situation is different in that the time period has been much longer but in general, head trauma should always be evaluated.  You may get an infection or you may not get one. If there is an injury inside the vagina and the fecal matter got through that injury it is highly possible that you may have an infection. The names of the possible infections that may occur are Bacterial Vaginosis and a Vaginal yeast infection.It is better to consult a gynecologist to run a vaginal wet prep test to ensure everything is alright.  that depends on the location of his penis and how much sperm was ejaculated. however it is very unlikly  Plz visit www.stddatingtips.com to get tips regarding STD diseases  I think you will be okay. It's not like you actually had their blood on your hands and I've never heard of blood dried on paper harming anyone. Take a deep breath, you are going to be okay.  any antibiotic can potentially cause a yeast infection.. you might want to phone your doctor to see what he/she suggests for the itching-pain-burning. there are quite a few over the counter creams for external use but because of being pregnant you should check with your OB before using them. hope this helps  my niece had something similar that was long lasting. it was a form of viral infection that was recurring....  I am a phlebotomist and a lady has seen 6 doctors in the 2 years time that she has had bacteria coming out of her skin...sounds like this is on the same line of what she has...maybe...you should do a lyme decease western blot test and see if you have any bands...if you have any bands then do study on those bacteria bands and see if this is curable...if it is stage 1 it can probarbly be cured if it has been going on for at least 2 yrs...then it will be alonger treatment and might not be curable...I am not a doctor and I could be wrong...just saying.  This could be from having your mouth open during the night or from medication such as flexiril (a muscle relaxer).  if you didnt drink alot in the first place it could be your body flushing its self. if you dont drink alot of water and then you start all at onec only drinking water, you will have a clencing cycle if i my  Yes! I started feeling the baby at 17 weeks. I'm 20 weeks now, 5 months. :)  I would have to say a pain prescription from your dentist. You can also try over the counter ibuprofen .  Has your doctor ruled out TMJ?  I also have Rosacea and had the same happen to me 2 years ago. My MD treated me with multiple gels, creams including a steroid cream to no avail. He suggested I try OTC Lamasil, for athletes foot. It worked!  one i would think dont stress as this make your blood pressure go up , two if you have an adsess for sure you need to get that checked out right away the infection from that can go into your brian and spine and cause death before you even figure out whats going on with this vein, my mother also has crohn,s ,that i wouldnt think would have anything to do with whats going on that vein is giving you pain because you have a infection in your mouth , if you having bad pain i would go right to the er , and if you think you can stick out the pain and not go to the er call your dentist cause thats gotta be fixed once it spreads in the spine they cant really help you , your brain will get infected and you will die , so please go .....  i would go to the doctor , infections in your mouth can be very bad i dont know for sure if the urge to pee is connected , but infections left untreated in your mouth can lead to big problems , and in worse cases death due to the infection making it way into your brain and spine. either way def make a trip to your docs office asap  If you want to know how long you can ejaculate and the best ways to increase ejaculate, then i must suggest you visiting  I also recommend seeing your doctor. Those symptoms can come from a number of different things from GERD to Sleep apnea to Anemia. Your best bet is getting a doctors opinion.  I get the exact same thing when my neck is out of whack. I have always been under chiropractic care but none really helped until I found an upper cervical specialist. The abbreviation for their special training is N.U.C.C.A. you can look them up that way. It really changed my life, I went from a reverse curve in my neck to almost normal. Hope that helps.  Could be thrush.  Your pet could have a vitamin deficiency. I do recommend having him or her checked by a veternarian as it could be something more complicated.  Absolutely, there is a high chance that you could be anemic, in your case, most likely, iron deficiency. Iron deficiency anemia is caused by chronic blood loss, most commonly seen in women who have irregular and heavy periods. A simple blood test can give you your definitive answer and the treatment is simply over the counter Ferrous sulfate, to replenish your iron levels.  Depends on the severity but head trauma by definition should be checked by a licensed doctor.  Sounds like thrush,definitely go see a doctor as this usually happens because of suppression of the immune system. An antifungal will clear it up if it is thrush.  I think you must thoroughly wash/goggle your mouth after your morning brush. This film is left by toothpaste, which is left over due not so rinsing many times.  Let me say again not a node. its doesnt swell or become soar if i get sick, it has nothing to do with being sick, its always there the same size just like the first bump i describes. my final bump i just noticed the other day. Its kind of under my tounge (another word i cant spell) or on the floor of my mouth, but just where my hard gum line meets the soft floor of my mouth.It stick out a little bit and is annoying. I looked online for a long time in search of my most recent bump but, most of what i found there were multiple conjoining bumps. Either way Im freaked out as I see some pretty crazy stuff online, yet none of it completely descibes me  I had this once and it was and abscess from a tooth, and was dead center in the roof of my mouth.  yes it happens..my mom kidney is bad and it reach 6% meaning that's how much her blood is filtering per minute..And shes always getting that feeling in her mouth and the upset feeling ...When a normal person blood filter 95-125 per minute.....  The effects of inhaling alcohol for long periods of time result in headaches, nausea, burning eyes, nose bleeds possibly from broken blood vessels in the nose and scratchy/itchy throat all from irritation. And although the company does not provide you and the other employees protection, then you should go out and buy yourself a protective mask, and goggles- since it's you who's suffering. In addition, you could also advise your supervisor/boss that you're not quite sure if OSHA approves of working under some of these conditions, but you would be willing to help them out by making an inquisitive call to possibly find out the answer!  do you clench your jaw when you are stresed or while you sleep?  Drug or alcohol use/abuse.  you should see yor doctor. There are several causes of foot pain, and ignoring it is not going to help the problem,  The lung has been punctured.  I have been to the doctor but with a negative test she kind of looks at me like im crazy. but it has happen before. and she wont give me a ultra sound she said dont worry. but I keep feeling like I did last time. Im currenantly looking for another doctor that will be more helpfull and the fact that O- and have had a miscarrage before has me on edge. but thanks .  I would leave a msg with doctor to call you. You can leave info on the msg that you are the sister and you have concerns.  Breakout? Like pimples? If you are a teenager, it might be just simple acne. However, there are several STDs that you can receive from oral sex that can mimic or pass for acne or ingrown hairs. The most common in herpes. You can go to your doctor and he can inspect your breakout and see if it is just simple skin irritation, acne, or something more serious like herpes.  I am no doctor, however I have had a lifetime of major depression, anxiety and panic disorder and was hospitalized for 2 months at Johns Hopkins in Maryland a few years ago. I'm very familiar with all kinds of depression meds as I've been on mostly everything out there. I finally had to received ECT (electric shock treatments) when all else did not work. I am not sure if your daughter is bi-polar or has major depression as you didn't really say. But whichever it is, I can definitely tell you that you need to seek another doctor as this is way too much and all her meds are for different diagnosises. Depakote, I know is for bi-polar, Effexor is for depression (not sure if it also helps with bi-polar - would check on this) and Abilify is a med that they add to your depression medicine if your depression does not seem to be improving. None of these worked for me and I actually felt worse. On top of that, I am not sure what Risperdal is taken for as you didn't say. Seems to me that she is definitely overloaded with meds and this could be worse for her than taking any at all. Hope this helps and hope she gets better soon!  oral infection  