get checked out.  I am a nurse, I would have to say any pain is not good. Especially if you are losing sleep because of it. My advice would be to seek out your doctor and see what he/she has to say/do about your pain. And, to answer your question, yes it can cause the pain you are experiencing. Seek your doctor for pain management.  I have been snacking on nuts, and having wheat bread everyday for my bread fast,and drinking coconut water and I notice a change in my bowel movement.I also notice my stomach is not so bloated  It depends what kind of bowel surgery you had.Usually it takes 3-4 days for the bowel movement which may be loose at first. Once your diet is increased, you should have bowel movements, unless there are complications from the surgery. RN experience  So whats your question?  You could try putting a mixture of baking soda and water on the effected areas and that should help clear it up in a few days  Has he seen a doctor? and if so has the doctor sent him to see a rheumatoid doctor as his problem could be some thing else and not arthritis  Hey don't worry! This can be due to following reasons: You don't like attending classes You are not interested in homework and don;t understand in class. So for this try to make yourself attentive in class, when you start understanding you will automatically start doing HW as well as feel interested in classes.  http://www.onhealth.com/knee_pain/page2.htm#what_injuries_can_cause_knee_pain_and_what_are_symptoms_how_is_knee_pain_with_injury_diagnosed_and_treated  I am in my late 50's now but like you, my lower back pain began in my teens. After four lumbar spine surgeries I have learned quite a bit about your ailment. My problems stemmed from a congenital deformity in the lumbar spine but yours could be anything from just a mild sprain (soft tissue injury) to a bulging or herniated disc. Alternating ice and heat may help but if your pain persists or increases, seek the help of a qualified spine specialist who will probably order an MRI, as it is the most effective way to diagnose the source of your pain. If your pain travels to deep in your hip/buttock or down the leg, there is probably nerve impingement that can lead to permanent nerve damage if not addressed, so it is something that shouldn't be taken lightly. The key to having a strong back is having a strong core. Keep those stomach muscles toned! Good luck.  I am in my late 50's now but like you, my lower back pain began in my teens. After four lumbar spine surgeries I have learned quite a bit about your ailment. My problems stemmed from a congenital deformity in the lumbar spine but yours could be anything from just a mild sprain (soft tissue injury) to a bulging or herniated disc. Alternating ice and heat may help but if your pain persists or increases, seek the help of a qualified spine specialist who will probably order an MRI, as it is the most effective way to diagnose the source of your pain. If your pain travels to deep in your hip/buttock or down the leg, there is probably nerve impingement that can lead to permanent nerve damage if not addressed, so it is something that shouldn't be taken lightly. The key to having a strong back is having a strong core. Keep those stomach muscles toned! Good luck.  Hey this is the original poster. Thank you everyone for your answers. The problem still persists but I am waiting for health insurance to kick in before I go to a doctor and check it out. Although it's not as bad as it used to be.  Thank you for your answer, Dr. Moser. I have been trying to find a trustworthy and reliable place for me to submit a picture of my symptom, and somebody recommended me to webmd. Would it be possible for me to submit an image of my condition to you privately? Perhaps it would better assist in understanding what may be causing this dryness.  I use an enema on the onset of severe pain & it works for me.. eat more fiber & fruit. Drink more water.  Hi I'm sorry about your nephew. And glad that he has a wonderful aunt. I had a neighbour who had a autistic child, she too was in denial of the fact that the child needed help. She didnt even accept the opinion of her OB?Gyn, who assisted in her childbirth. This kid was 3 1/2 when he wouldnt even utter a word, but was humming songs in sync. Like wise, Austin might have some special skill which you could nurture and approach thro that area for therapy at home. It could be that - some people think denial or looking away makes the problem disappear. We do know that it might be painful for the mother to hear such a thing about her child. Probably you or other family members could take her for counselling first and make her realise that care and cure is available. And you all are there to support them. Wish you get all help for your little nephew.  This happened to me when I was in elementary school. Was playing baseball and slid into homeplate on my butt. At first the pain was excruciating and I could not sit straight up (putting pressure on my tail bone) for a very long time. I had to ride in the back seat of our car to get home by lying down on the seat. When it did not improve my parents took me to the dr and that is when I found out I had cracked my tail bone and there was nothing they could do for it. As time went by and I started having my well woman exams my dr informed me that my tail bone was bent forward and when I get pregnant one day, my OBGYN will advise me if that will be a problem. It wasn't as I had a C-Section, but for a different reason. It took a while but the pain finally subsided - That was a very embarrising thing to go through, but we're good now.  Dietary considerations certainly play a role in individuals that experience loose bowels on a frequent basis. But, other physical and emotional disorders could also be causing your symptom. There are a number of the over the counter medications used to treat diarrhea and loose stools. Although I prefer the liquid form, the pink medication indicated in your question is as good as any of the other products on the market. Another popular O.T.C. product is Loperamide HCL, 2 mg Caplets. I recommend the less expensive pharmacy or grocery store versions over the brand name medications. They typically show the words, " Compare to the active ingredients in... (fill in the blank) prominently on the packaging. These over the counter remedies are not intended for long term use to treat chronic episodes of loose bowels or diarrhea. Loose bowels is an important symptom associated with many medical disorders. For loose bowels that do not improve over the course of several days , it is recommended that you consult with a doctor for their evaluation, possible dietary change suggestions, diagnostic testing and/or referral to a gastroenterologist specialist. It is also prudent practice to consume a diet rich in bulk, to drink plenty of water, and to engage in moderate exercise activities in order to maintain optimum colon health.  It depends where you live. If you have an accessible walk-in clinic, you should by all means go there and be evaluated. Your foot deserves to be evaluated by a medical professional. Your local government should be able to provide you with a list of emergency clinics in your area. Your medical insurance provider should also be able to provide doctors in your neighborhood. Also seek referrals for medical care from friends, family, and neighbors. The walk-in clinic may also be able to refer you to family doctor in your neighborhood. I live in the state of Florida and walk-In-clinics to assess medical complaints and minor injuries are common place. Three different walk-in facilities seem to exist. - One of the clinics is typically manned by a physician and a medical assistant who may treat colds, coughs, infections minor cuts ,bruises, and the like. Most of the time appointment are not required. Any condition that is suspected to be more serious will be referred to a hospital emergency room to assessed. - A second walk-in clinic does exist within 2 miles of my home. A major hospital has an emergency satellite site and is equipped with a physician trained in emergency medicine, physician assistants,at least 6 registered nurses, diagnostic equipment like x-ray machines ,cat scan machines, EKG monitors along with paramedics & emergency medical technicians to draw blood. If inpatient services are required, a transfer to the major hospital is completed through ambulance transportation. - The 3rd walk-in emergency walk-in situation is located within many major hospitals and are set up to handle most medical problems including heart attacks, emergency surgery conditions, and inpatient care.   Wow, how unfortunate. You and your mother have been through a great ordeal. Yes, there are natural foods, spices, beverages, fruits, and vitamins that holistic and natural medicine physicians feel will cause the blood to thin. However; there are no guarantees . Therefore, if blood thinners like Coumadin or Heparin are prescribed for a heart condition or stroke/blood clot prevention, do not automatically discontinue their administration. Instead first talk with your mom's doctors about alternatives such as natural dietary influences that may aid in thinning of the blood as follows: In general, avoid food that are rich in Vitamin K and instead choose foods rich in Vitamin E and foods plentiful in salicylates like cabbage and avocados; Some foods, vitamin supplements, and spices may help in thinning of the blood and include fish oil, ginkgo, garlic, ginger, legumes, lentils, oats, oranges, paprika, pomegranate juice, raisins cayenne, cherries, tart cherry juice, and , grapes. I hope that your mother's condition improves quickly and that my answer has been helpful.   The first doctor to assess the condition should be your primary care physician. The family doctor will be able to review the patient's medical history and will have familiarity with your husbands overall health. The diagnostic process for neck pain can involve different body systems. The pain can be caused by nerve disorders, muscle injuries, and even some diseases such as infections. The general practice doctor can evaluate the symptoms, order diagnostic tests like blood work and x-rays, and determine what kind of specialist is needed. Based on your husbands condition and preliminary tests results, the primary care physician may start treatment before referring him to one of the following specialist: Back and neck problems can become like a painful nightmare. Since you've tried OTC medications coupled with heat/ice compresses without improvement, it is time to see the Family Doctor. If he cannot be seen within a day or two a visit to the local hospital's emergency room is justified. I hope that your husband's condition improves quickly.  Side-effects do occur with Naproxen and are categorized as common, less common, & rare.Accoring to Drugs.com, . I would notify the prescriber to determine if a side-effect is in playing a role in your knee pain.   Both of my in-laws died from complications related to lung disease. My wife has also lived with COPD for more than 15 years. Based upon what Ive seen and read, living permanently in high altitude location can have deleterious consequences for COPD suffers. Stage 4 represents very severe COPD. Symptoms have gotten worse over time, mucus production may be greater, and COPD suffers often rely on oxygen therapy. The good news is that you can live for many more years even with the progression of the disease being at its poorest stage. I recommend that you discuss your current lung functioning with your pulmonologist. They know you best and can best assess your health needs based on the most recent scientific evidence. Of course we are all distinct individuals who will respond differently to varying climate changes. There are many anecdotal stories of COPD patients faring well in high altitudes. But most legitimate medical studies have demonstrated that long-term residence at high altitudes is associated with increased mortality. COPD patients living in high altitude locations, at all stages of the disease process, tended to die at a younger age. They also tended to die after a shorter duration of illness when compared to sea-level patients. I personally wouldnt maintain my primary home in a high altitude area with stage 4 COPD. There is plenty of scientific evidence to suggest that long-term residence at high altitude is a potential problem for COPD patients. I know that a major geographical move is a very big deal, but it could make your life feel more enjoyable and add years to your longevity.  Your bowel habits have changed but do not seem to be out of what is considered to be normal activity. A bowel movement occurring 3 x's per day or 3x's per week is perfectly normal for many people. The positive news is that I did not see any reporting of stool color changes, excessively fowl odors, or changes in shape or texture. Here are some common sense suggestions to establish a regular schedule of healthy stool elimination: - Eat plenty of healthy fruits and vegetables; - Add sufficient bulk to your diet; - Stay well hydrated as up to 75% of stool is water; - Maintain a regular exercise program. - Avoid chemical sweeteners, caffeine, and chemical additives. Bowel movement frequency may change over time without any obvious reasons or negative consequences. As we age, it is important to inspect the products resulting from stool elimination, have regular rectal exams,a colonoscopy performed at the age of 50 years old, and be examined by a GI doctor every year or so.  Your pet should be seen quickly by a veterinarian . It is a sure bet that the dog didn't always drag his tail, shake his head, move slowly, and reject fluids (water) as you state in your question. Something is very wrong and needs the emergency intervention of an expert. The situation has gone past the point of just being able to persuade the dog into taking in more fluids. The rejection of water is a symptom rooted in a more serious problem. The vet has the medical training to properly diagnosis illness, the equipment necessary to conduct a proper exam, and the ability to appropriately treat the animal. Without seeing the vet shortly to receive I.V. fluids, your dog's vital organs and systems will shut down resulting in its death. Dying due to chronic dehydration is said to be very painful. If money is an issue, then see if the vet will bill you in installments. If you cannot take the dog to the vet and work out the monetary expense issue, then please consider taking the dog to a local animal shelter for their help in determining a humane resolution.   A tumor is a growth. Therefore, a Lipoma is a tumor. It is a growth composed of fat cells. The vast majority of Lipoma tumors turn out to be benign and require no treatment. The malignant counterpart to a Lipoma tumor is Liposarcoma and requires treatment. Some patients and their doctors feel that all Lipoma tumors should be excised to ensure the tumors being benign through a pathological examination. Other reasons for removal include aesthetics and possible intrusion on adjacent muscles and nerves. I recommend that you have a surgeon familiar with Lipomas to confirm that the tumor is benign. Most doctors can differentiate a begin Lipoma from a malignant Lipoma by simply palpating the growth. I also recommend that at a minimum, to have the growth biopsied.  Blood worms can be dangerous. They lay eggs inside of the human which can hatch and grow. After development, they may cause intestine and urinary system bursting.  It is part of normal development for young children to have an oral stimulation fixation need. According to psychologist, Doctor Sigmund Fraud, the oral stage usually ends at about age 2, but lasts longer in other children. Additionally toddlers seem to be fascinated with currency in the form of coins. Is it any wonder why a normal 3 year old would swallow a quarter coin? It is great that you've been checking for elimination of the quarter in your son's stools, but it does not seem that the money will be re-deposited in his waste. I agree that your son does not need to be x-rayed as the quarter should cause no serious system problems. Here is what I would do: I hope that this answer has been helpful.  It is great that you have an appointment scheduled with the doctor on Monday. I can understand your concern, but the best action to take until Monday is to relax, take care of yourself, and enjoy life. The WebMD audience is knowledgeable, but cannot confirm or deny your suspicions based solely on the information contained in your question. Of course some of your symptoms could be as a result of colon cancer, but could also be the result of some other GI disturbance. Your situation is unique and deserves to be professionally assessed with diagnostic tools such as a colonoscopy, blood testing, and imaging studies. The link below is from a WebMD article that describes colon cancer in greater detail. http://www.webmd.com/colorectal-cancer/guide/understanding-colorectal-cancer-symptoms . I wish you the best.  You got a serious problem, you need to go see your doctor. Next time you might don't be so luck. Go see a doctor, you need help.  I don't have your exact answer, but if you have a smartphone you can download an app called "Period Tracker" that will keep track of your cycle, symptoms, intimacy dates, and ovulation. There is also a "Pregnancy Mode" that will track your pregnancy.  Restless legs is one issue; Throad spasams are ususally caused by thorax problems  I had 4 clots hit my lungs in 2003. As a result, I have RPD, restrictive pulmonary disease. I still experience weakness and knife-stabbing chest pain & cramping. I take meds to control it. Life will get better for her. My advice would be listen to the doctors. Do exactly what they say. After the clot has dissolved some, the thinners will help that, keep annual checkups for deteriorating tissue. And do not let it get you down. I have to sleep with O2 and have asthma along with the pulmonary fibrosis and RPD and still manage to work a 40 hr a week job and raise two kids. stay positive  Sometimes after a fracture in the shoulder, an adhesive capsulitis or "frozen shoulder" can occur. This is when the shoulder capsule tightens up. It can take months of physical therapy for this to "thaw." Sometimes your physician may inject a corticosteroid to try to speed the process up.  I had this problem and it turned out to be a hemorrhoid. my doctor recommended benefiber which is taste free and it actually worked.  The X-ray may show bursitis it is extremely painfully so no it is not a wast of time. I'm no doctor but that's how they found bursitis in my hip and shoulders..  Angel, I only once had some mild peeling or flaking and it turned out that my wife had a yeast infection. The flaking was on the shaft not the glans and went away. I don't think the water would be a factor between the US and Canada. The glans of my penis, also circumcised, stopped looking smooth after I started having sex. I wouldn't say the skin looked cracked and dry so much as wrinkled and faded. So I tried putting baby oil, Vaseline or whatever lotion was around on after a shower, but nothing ever reversed the wrinkling. I've always wondered if that would have happened if I hadn't been circumcised.  Any chest pain should be regarded seriously, especially if it is significant, of unknown origin, or very sudden. Its causes can be anywhere from entirely harmless to immediately life-threatening, so it might be best to err on the side of caution and go to a doctor or emergency room - it is better to overreact and find out that it is something manageable, than to wait and find out that it was very serious, potentially permanent. I think it's highly improbable that this has come from lifting your baby, not least of all since this started while you were asleep. It is very possible that this pain cardiac related, but there are a great number of other things that could be causing it. Again, I would recommend that you seek emergency care for something this sudden - better to be safe than sorry, especially since you have a child to care for.  You have a fast metabolism like me. I don't think there's nothing wrong with it with the exception that when we go out to a restaurant for dinner.. is like "Ahhh, I will be back" and you come back half an hour later.. like: "are you ok? where did you go?" so it can be sometimes a little bit embarrassing. Overall, I think there is nothing wrong with that.  No, it is not normal. Have you had your blood pressure checked recently? Do you have any edema (swelling) in your legs? I think you need to call your doctor as soon as possible.    See a gyn for check up and follow up  The reason is your sleeping position and lack of habit of exercise. So, first of all you need to make right your sleeping position and then you need to opt for so me exercises. But the pain is severe and you are having problems in your daily routine works then you may opt for Soma 350 mg as fast and effective pain relief from any online pharmacy like: Meds247online.  Did you take pregnancy test if not then please first of all go for it. If you took and it is negative then you are having Amenorrhea in which a woman experience absence of periods for three to six months or longer. It happens due to imblance of body hormones estrogen and progeterone. Due to this hormonal imbalance a woman usually got disturb her normal pattern of periods. And another reason for it in women can be PCOS and Hypothyroidism. So, if you want to regulate your monthly cycle you need to go for HT (Hormonal Therapy) in which a woman need to go on birth control pills to balance the body hormones. These pills or contraceptive pills contains body hormones estrogen and progestrone and help to control irregular periods. And for this you can opt for Depo Provera, Ovral G, Nexplanon and Mirena etc. And you may get these medicines at your doorstep from online pharmacies like, Meds247online etc.  Also, I haven't slept a whole lot lately.  I would say yes, but simply because the muscles aren't used to being used. You should check with your doctor first, but I'd suggest slowly----very slowly----doing simple exercises to work the muscles. Start with just a very few minutes or repetitions at a time and work your way up. It'll probably take several months or longer to get it back to normal. But before you do anything, check with your doctor. He'll more than likely give you an exercise regimen to build your shoulder muscles back up. Or it could be caused by something completely different, and the exercise could do more damage than good. So be sure and check with him first.  I sleep straight on my back. I have been sleeping on a foam mattress all this while but since this has occurred, have changed to a different mattress with not much change. The pain is only at the moment when I get up and persisting for upto a half hour thereafter with diminishing intensity.  Elastic stockings Keeping your legs elevated while sitting in a chair or lying down Avoiding long periods of sitting Not crossing your legs Mild exercise, such as a stroll around your neighborhood Wearing shoes that fit properly Good luck!  GROIN MUSCLE PULL  G I BLEED  As long as the bowel movements have not been rock-hard, it is not uncommon for some babies this age to go up to seven days (even 10!). Speaking from personal experience ... when he does go, it may be quite impressive.  I would definitely encourage you to contact your doctor. ... Finding blood in the stool can have many causes including infectious, milk allergy/intolerance and intestinal bleeding.  Nope never figured it out although it seems to be getting better... as well as the cramps. 7 months later.....  yes  Personally when I was down to the last month to month-half of my pregnancy, my back pain was so severe that I was bed ridden. I was placed on Tylenol 3 for the last 1.5 months of my pregnancy. I am not saying that its normal ro have back pain, but it is not unheard of in the last months of pregnancy because your body is changing, getting ready for the birth. The baby is pressing on your spine and hitting nerves.  Tell more info on this. My husband has had 3 replacements. 1st was the old way. 2nd good and 3rd good. The left knee is with the way the do it now. They did the right one going down shaft of leg which got loses. Can't take it out just did the knee. It is ok but his left one is great. Wouldn't change that. Pad change in 10 yrs.  It's amazing thing to workout with your friends. You really motivate to get fitness.We always have to do warm up exercise. http://www.aptitudefit.com  Your symptoms do not show a need of a x-ray.  , specifically, is known to turn the tongue and/or stool black temporarily. This condition can persist for a few days after you take the product. The effect depends on how much Pepto you took, too. If the black stool goes away after a few days, you probably have nothing to worry about. If it persists for more than a week, you probably should see a health care provider. Bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract (everything from your stomach to your rectum) can cause the stool to turn black. I'm going to assume, however, that the situation is temporary due to the use of pink bismuth. Wishing you all the best for a speedy recovery!  Assuming you haven't traveled to any third-world countries recently, it's highly unlikely you have a parasite in your gums. It's much more likely you have something lodged in there, such as a popcorn hull. If your gum is very swollen, it naturally is going to move (yield) when you push on it with your finger. If the swelling is caused by an , then you could feel fluid moving around under the skin. If the situation doesn't clear up on its own within a couple of days, or if you begin experiencing severe pain, a high fever, and/or discharge from the swollen area, then a trip to the dentist is in order. Wishing you well!  An ultrasound provides a picture of all the fetuses in the uterus. It is the gold standard in identifying whether or not a woman is carrying multiple babies. It also is a primary way to tell whether or not the fetuses are developing normally. I'm glad you're seeing an OB-GYN doctor soon. It's always wise to get prenatal care as early as possible, usually as soon as you miss your first period. Meanwhile, there is no way to tell if you're carrying twins or not. The amount of movement you feel in your abdomen is not a predictor of multiple fetuses. Wishing you all the best throughout your pregnancy!  I'm sorry this situation is causing you distress. Normal bowel frequency can range from about three times a day to about three times a week. Bowel frequency is highly individualized. Since you have a history of frequent bowel movements, it sounds like that's the normal rhythm of your digestive system. But it also sounds like the situation has changed recently, since you say it's now interfering with work. That means you should get checked out by a health care professional. You can start with your primary care provider. He or she can help you determine if there's anything abnormal going on with your system and if it needs to be treated. Best wishes as you get this sorted out!  This is a great question, and I'm so glad you asked. Many people associate gastrointestinal upset (nausea, diarrhea) with the flu (influenza), but actually the true . Sometimes, people refer to the "stomach flu," which is actually a condition called "gastroenteritis." The nausea and diarrhea you're experiencing likely are caused by something other than influenza A. Have you by chance taken antibiotics recently? If so, that class of medications can cause gastrointestinal upset. This condition usually gets better after you finish the course of antibiotics. You also should consider eating yogurt or taking a probiotic to help with antibiotic-associated diarrhea. Be sure to drink plenty of water whenever you have diarrhea -- and wash your hands thoroughly in case you're carrying a bug that can be passed to others. If the diarrhea doesn't clear up within 14 days or so, another trip to the doctor is in order to try to figure out what's causing the problem. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It sounds very unpleasant, and I applaud you for having what could be an embarrassing situation checked out by a medical professional. I guess I'm going to assume you've been tested for sexually transmitted diseases (STDs). Several STDs can cause these types of symptoms. I urge you to continue seeking medical attention until you get a "good" diagnosis and treatment plan. There's obviously something wrong, and it may take real persistence on your part to keep your provider(s) moving forward in trying to diagnose this. If necessary, get a referral to a urologist, even though the symptoms seem to be external. Wishing you well!  Well, it depends. Let's talk for a moment about blood clots. There are different types of blood clots. When you get a cut on your finger, it bleeds and then eventually the blood gets very thick and the active bleeding stops. That thickened blood is a clot. It eventually will become a scab. This type of clot is a "good" clot because it stops you from bleeding too much. However, just as there are "good" clots, there also are "bad" clots. A (DVT) is a type of blood clot that occurs deep in a vein, usually in the leg. This type of clot usually is caused by poor circulation. A DVT can break loose and travel to the brain, where it can cause a stroke. It also can travel to the lung, where it can cause a . I hope this response and the links will give you all the information you need.  Lack of a bowel movement for 3 days doesn't, by itself, indicate constipation. Constipation is defined based on each individual's normal bowel habits. Some people only have one bowel movement every few days. Other people have a BM every day. You need to determine your boyfriend's normal bowel routine before jumping to a conclusion of constipation. Assuming this is constipation, however, if laxatives pills aren't working, you have some other over-the-counter options to try. If your boyfriend is otherwise healthy, he probably can safely drink a bottle of magnesium citrate liquid laxative. Follow this immediately with 8 ounces of water. Usually, this will induce a bowel movement pretty rapidly. If that doesn't work, you can try a glycerine suppository. This is inserted into the rectum to induce a BM. Use it only as directed on the label. Or you can try a disposable enema (often called a Fleet enema) Enemas are generally considered safe to use and will help get those bowels moving again. No guy I know would voluntarily submit to an enema. You need to emphasize to him that small, disposable enemas aren't too uncomfortable to use -- and they're way less uncomfortable than emergency surgery for a bowel resection due to an obstruction. Maybe that will help persuade him, if things get to that point. If your boyfriend still can't have a bowel movement, starts vomiting, and/or begins running a fever (over 101F), you need to seek immediate medical treatment. These could be signs of a bowel obstruction or something unrelated to constipation. Wishing you both all the best!  I'm sorry you're going through this and haven't received a timely answer. With luck, the immediate crisis has resolved itself. Some things to consider: If your brother is single, has he designated a person to be his power-of-attorney (POA)? This crucial document designates someone to make decisions on his behalf should he become physically or mentally incapacitated. Perhaps you could become his POA. If your brother becomes increasingly irrational or delusional, be aware you can call the police to try to have him committed to a mental health facility against his will. If he represents a threat to himself or others, he can be committed to a treatment facility. If you have not already set him up with a primary care provider, perhaps you could do so. This would be a great first step in getting his physical and mental health evaluated. You may wish to consult a lawyer to find out what, if any, your legal responsibilities are to your brother. Some states place legal and financial responsibilities on relatives of an individual who can't or won't care for himself. You may want to investigate what the law is in the state of California. While it's great you are helping care for your brother, you need to know if you could be held legally liable for anything irrational he might do. If you can't afford an attorney, you may be able to avail yourself of free or low-cost legal aid. Try doing an internet search for "free legal aid" and your city name. If your brother simply will not accept your help, he is free to do so as long as he's not a danger to himself or others. This can be difficult to accept. Feel free to seek help and psychotherapy for yourself to help in dealing with your feelings toward your brother. Acquaint yourself with local crisis hotline phone numbers. That way, if something happens suddenly, you're prepared. You're a wonderful sibling to help your brother. I wish you both the best.  You should go to the child's doctor as soon as possible to have this evaluated. And if the scrotum begins to swell or turn red/purple or get hot, you should seek emergency treatment. Obviously you already know the signs of , so you should be vigilant for a recurrence. Meanwhile, do not attempt to forcibly move the testicle. Leave it alone and get in to see the doctor as soon as you can for further instructions. Wishing you and your son well!  This is unusual behavior, to be sure. I would not assume your daughter is doing this "on purpose." She may be suffering from and is embarrassed to discuss it. It concerns me, also, that you believe this behavior started after she attended basketball camp. Bowel incontinence, especially in a 12-year-old, could be a sign of emotional trauma. I suggest you take your daughter to her primary care provider for an examination. Children her age often will talk to a nurse or doctor about issues they won't discuss with their parents. Be sure to tell the health care provider about the issue in private, and then give your child some time alone with the provider so she feels she can safely discuss anything that might be on her mind. Whatever you do, don't punish or shame your child over this. Your daughter is not doing this "on purpose" to make you angry, irritate you or anything else. There definitely is an underlying issue here that needs to be addressed. Please approach this problem in a sensitive and tactful manner. Also, if you put your daughter on Miralax for constipation and never took her off it, she may now have a diarrhea problem. The best solution for constipation is to eat a fiber-rich diet and drink plenty of water. Medications or other treatments for constipation should be used only for acute episodes and for a very short period of time. Wishing you and your daughter well!  I'm sorry you're going through this. I mean, both the depressive episode and the lack of support from your husband. It's surprising how many people do not believe (or any other mental health issue) is a valid diagnosis. But, believe me, I've encountered many such people. It's possible your husband dismisses depression as a diagnosis because he's never (or rarely) dealt with it himself. For unknown reasons, much more frequently than men. A couple of thoughts come to mind. First is to take your husband with you to your doctor so he or she can explain depression to your husband. Or, take your husband to see your psychotherapist for an explanation. Maybe this will help sway him to understanding. Meanwhile, I invite you to connect with others in . These folks are dealing with many of the same issues you are, and they may have suggestions for you. At the very least, you may feel comforted being able to discuss these issues in a safe environment. I wish you all the best!  When talking with people your age who complained of chest pain, I used to always say, "It's highly unlikely you have a heart problem, if that's what you're thinking." But these days, when many people are obese and don't exercise, a heart problem in a 19-year-old isn't outside the realm of possibility. I'm not assuming you're obese or that you don't exercise. I'm just saying a lot of 19-year-olds fall into that category. It's never a bad idea to get checked out by a medical professional. It will put your mind at ease and probably provide an answer for what is causing this pain. I can tell you it's not uncommon for young women to experience . In fact, many young women land in the emergency room thinking they're having a heart attack, only to be diagnosed with costochondritis. In this benign condition, chest pain derives from inflammation of the rib cartilage. You should not self-diagnose this, however. Better to get a professional medical opinion. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Muscle spasms can be very painful, and it's miserable to feel you have to monitor every movement to make sure your back doesn't seize up again! I'd suggest you return to your health care provider to discuss this issue. Your provider may want to prescribe physical therapy or recommend certain range-of-motion exercises to help you get back to normal. Your provider also may want to evaluate your posture and " ," which means the way you move. Practicing good body mechanics is essential for preventing back pain and injury. I hope you're able to get this problem resolved soon!  Unfortunately, no, that's not normal. I'd suggest you call your OB-GYN as soon as possible to report this. If the baby had been moving before but has stopped, you will want to get that checked out. This helpful WebMD page on gives some good guidance about assessing and tracking how much your baby moves, and when to call the doctor. Wishing you and your baby all the best!  Sorry to hear you're going through this. From your description, it sounds like you're experiencing moderate constipation that is causing a to flare up occasionally. A hemorrhoid is a swollen vein in the rectum. A hard piece of stool can basically scratch this swollen vein and cause it to bleed slightly. Frequently, hemorrhoids also feel itchy and painful. Perhaps this is why your doctor gave you a suppository to try. Suppositories often are prescribed to treat the symptoms of hemorrhoids. It sounds like you're doing everything right, in terms of eating a high-fiber diet and drinking plenty of fluids. Because only the tip of your stool is hard, it makes me think maybe you're not noticing the urge to have a bowel movement and are holding stool in your rectum too long. Even though you're having a bowel movement every day, you might try going to the bathroom a bit more frequently to see if you perhaps need to have a bowel movement but just aren't feeling the sensation to go. However, do not strain needlessly in an attempt to force a bowel movement. That will just make any hemorrhoid situation worse. As long as you're not allergic to any medications, you also might try an over-the-counter hemorrhoid medication to see if it helps shrink those swollen veins so at least the bleeding goes away. Best of luck to you!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Of course, it's not possible to diagnose what's going on via a forum like this. It could be your , but then again it could also be a problem with a in the shoulder, , a pinched nerve in your arm or neck, tendinitis, muscle strain -- quite a few things. The only way to tell for sure what's going on and get appropriate treatment is by having a physical exam. Even though you don't have insurance, you may be able to find affordable care at a free or low-cost health clinic in your area. Some clinics charge a fee based on a sliding scale. Others (such as healthcare for the homeless) are entirely free. You might be able to find these clinics by searching on the internet. You might also want to see if you qualify for Medicaid coverage (if you're in the U.S.). I wish I could tell you how to treat your problem, but without a diagnosis it's just not possible. Some of the conditions I listed above may resolve with rest, while others require medication or, as a last resort, surgery. I wish you all the best!  I'd say if this has been going on for several days that you should seek medical attention. You may not necessarily need to rush to the emergency room, but you should at least call your primary care provider. Several conditions can cause the symptoms you're describing, including , an (which is not cancer, so don't get alarmed), or . It's impossible to say what's going on without getting a physical exam. If you begin to exhibit any of the following symptoms, then you should go to the emergency room: Fever over 101F Vomiting Yellowing of eyes or skin Pain getting much worse instead of better Difficulty breathing/shortness of breath I hope you feel better soon!  It sounds like you have what we call a "soft tissue injury." This indeed could be, as you suspect, damage to a tendon or ligament. However, that doesn't mean you need an MRI. Unless they are out-and-out torn (that is, detached from the bone or muscle), tendons and ligaments usually aren't treated with surgery or any invasive intervention. They frequently will heal up on their own -- it just takes a long time. You can help the process along by avoiding activities that cause pain. Don't lift heavy frying pans if you can avoid it. You probably can't avoid shifting gears on your bike, but if you can take alternative transportation for awhile to let your ligaments and tendons rest, then they will heal more quickly. So sorry to hear about your spill. Hope you heal up quickly! Wishing you well~~  The good news is that bright red blood on the surface of your stool or in the toilet water or on the toilet paper usually isn't the type of blood associated with a cancer of the digestive tract. Usually, bright red blood like that is more associated with or a minor rectal bleed due to passing hard stool or straining hard during a bowel movement. When we talk about "blood in the stool" related to a cancer, this blood usually isn't recognizable as blood. It usually turns the stool black or tarry. The pain in your upper-right abdomen could be caused by many conditions, including gallstones. Because the pain has persisted for over 2 weeks, I'd suggest you get it checked out. The pain may or may not be related to the other symptoms you describe. Only a medical professional can give you a firm diagnosis. I hope you feel better soon!  I'm sorry you're going through this. I think the reason your care providers aren't intervening is because your hemoglobin count is rising naturally. It has progressed from 10 to 11.7. It may not be rising as quickly as you'd like, but it's a good sign that the level is coming up on its own. As you probably know, hemoglobin is the protein on red blood cells that transports oxygen. (I'm assuming you're referring to your hemoglobin number because that's the blood test that most closely fits the reference range of 13 to 18 you're referring to.) When hemoglobin levels are low, we call it "anemia." Technically, you are anemic. You can't increase your "blood volume," but you can take steps to help the anemia clear up more quickly. Eating iron-rich foods and fruits that contain Vitamin C may help. However, you should check with your doctor first because excessive iron consumption can hinder the action of some medications. Specifically, green leafy vegetables like spinach should not be eaten if you're taking warfarin (Coumadin). Also, you must not take iron supplements with antacids (and treatment for ulcers frequently involves taking antacids). In fact, just to be clear: It's good news that your hemoglobin numbers are coming up on their own. I'm sorry it's taking longer than you'd like, and that you're having unpleasant symptoms. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're going through this. I wouldn't be too quick to self-diagnose osteoarthritis. Your knee pain could be caused by a number of conditions other than arthritis. The very fact your sport involves a lot of knee twisting would lead me to suspect injury as a likely culprit for your pain issues. I'd suggest you have your knee checked out by a medical professional to get a diagnosis. Once you know for sure what you're dealing with, then you can work with your health care provider on a treatment plan that enables you to continue with your sport. One thing I want to add is this: Be careful about taking non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications (NSAIDS) like aspirin, ibuprofen, or naproxyn for your pain. These medications have blood-thinning properties, which can increase bleeding and swelling from injuries you sustain in your sport. I wish you all the best!  I hope by now you have sought medical attention. If not, please do so right away if your symptoms have not improved. Whenever someone describes "tearing pain" in the left abdomen, we in the medical community start to get a little excited because this can be indicative of a serious condition called an (AOA). Although the pain is usually described as being in the upper left quadrant of the abdomen, I would not hesitate to get this pain checked out pronto. A symptomatic AOA is a medical emergency and should not be taken lightly. You're at higher risk for an AOA if you are male, over age 60, and if you ever smoked in your lifetime. If this describes you, seek medical attention now. Of course, this could be a bout of severe constipation, which is easily treatable. But, better to rule out an AOA first. Meanwhile, do not strain to have a bowel movement. If you do have an AOA, straining could cause it to rupture. I'm not trying to alarm you, but I do want you to get this checked out as soon as possible. Wishing you all the best!  I certainly think you should see a doctor about this. What you're describing sounds like very hard stool that is difficult to pass. This possibly could cause a eventually. It sounds like you've done some good things by eating plenty of fiber and trying laxatives. You should also be sure to drink plenty of fluids to stay well-hydrated. Some medications for acid reflux can cause , so be aware of that. Your health care provider should be able to help you figure out if you have a serious constipation issue or if there's something else going on. Either way, a medical professional can help you treat this and get back to having comfortable bowel movements. Best wishes to you!  So, basically, you have an itchy ? Sorry, all joking aside, my hunch is you are experiencing a repetitive motion or due to overuse of your hands while working on the computer. This symptom should not be taken lightly because repetitive motion injuries only get worse with time, not better. The sooner you address the underlying cause, the better. You're smart to be concerned about Parkinson's disease, but I want to reassure you that in Parkinson's, other than in early-onset cases. Still, I'd suggest making an appointment with your health care provider to try to discover the underlying cause of your twitching finger. If it's a repetitive motion issue, you can address the problem through . If it's something else, your doctor can help you with treatment options. I wish you the best!  Good question. Unfortunately, my answer is: Many things could cause this. in the eye aren't uncommon. These tiny flecks of tissue can, well, float through your vision from time to time. The condition is usually harmless but in some cases can point to more serious, underlying eye problems. So, if this visual disturbance is a new symptom, you should visit an ophthalmologist soon to get it checked out. also can include a component of visual disturbance called an 'aura.' If you're experiencing the visual distortion you describe with a headache, you'd be well-advised to see a medical professional for treatment. Occasionally, the type of symptoms you're describing can be an indicator of something serious like . If the symptoms are severe or you notice them getting rapidly worse, please go to an emergency room. These conditions need to be treated promptly. Otherwise, you might start with your primary care provider or an eye doctor to see if you can get to the bottom of what's going on. Good luck!  I'm sorry to hear you have arthritis. It's certainly a very common ailment. I guess I'm going to assume you're referring to , which is the wear-and-tear disease that makes the joints hurt. This type of arthritis frequently comes on as we get older. Just to be clear, there's another type of arthritis called that is an autoimmune disease. But based on your question, I'm thinking you're referring to plain old arthritis that hurts worse when the weather gets colder. If that's the case, moving from Connecticut to Virginia probably won't help. While it's true coldness can make the pain of osteoarthritis feel worse, Virginia probably isn't sufficiently warmer than Connecticut in the winter to make much of a difference. Now, if you were talking about becoming a snowbird and flying down to Florida to spend your winters, then I'd probably say that's a fine idea. It's also important to take into consideration where your support system resides. When your arthritis symptoms become so severe you need help with daily or periodic tasks, you need to be living where your family and friends are close enough to help you. If that's in New England, then that's probably not a bad place for you to stay. I hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this, and it's good of you to be concerned for the health and safety of others in your household. Yes, as you know, handwashing is key to preventing the spread of . Equally important is knowing to wash. Always wash: After you've gone to the bathroom Before you prepare any foods (even if it's only for your own consumption) Use proper handwashing technique, which consists of: Start warm water running Get your hands wet Apply antibacterial soap Work up a good lather, all the way to your wrist Rinse thoroughly (this is absolutely key ) Dry thoroughly Hold a towel or paper towel to turn off the water faucet Also, everyone in your household should be performing frequent handwashing, not just you. Other ways to help protect your family members: If possible, don't prepare any food for the others in your household. Don't share utensils (spoon, fork), towels, toothbrushes, the TV remote control, or anything you touch without disinfecting it first. Keep food preparation areas as clean as possible. You can use disinfecting wipes from the store to keep surfaces germ-free. Best of luck to you!  Oh, ouch. So much for that whole "working out is healthy" thing, right? ha ha Well, I think you need to get this checked out. I'd suggest making an appointment with your primary care provider. You may merely have strained a muscle, but then again you could have torn one. And that would require medical attention. Luckily, the abdomen is protected with layer upon layer of muscle, so it's not too likely you suffered, say, a bowel herniation or something. Nonetheless, if you start running a fever or vomiting or develop any other unusual symptoms, you might consider heading for an urgent care. Otherwise, you're probably fine to just check in with your primary care provider. And, of course, don't do any weightlifting of any kind until you're cleared by your doc to do so. Even leg work can strain your abs, and you really need to rest them for now. Best wishes!  If this is a recent development, my concern would be whether or not you're checking your sugars regularly and keeping them controlled. It was traditionally thought that many people with Type 2 diabetes would never develop because it takes quite some time to come on. However, we're seeing more of this in patients with Type 2 for various reasons, including late diagnosis and people living longer with Type 2. If this is a new symptom, I'd recommend you make an appointment with your health care provider. He or she may want to make changes to your medication regimen. Meanwhile, you should proactively take charge of your diet and exercise routines, check your sugars regularly, and avoid drinking alcohol. If you're overweight, work on getting your weight down. That will help your Type 2, overall. By the way, great job on checking your feet regularly! Foot ulcers are nothing to fool around with when you have diabetes. Take care!  On its face, this sounds like kind of a funny question. But you know what: Feeling sleepy and/or weak after having a bowel movement is no laughing matter. The symptoms you describe warrant a physical examination and probably some blood work to rule out any serious issues, such as a heart problem. I suggest you keep a log (yes, really!) to record the date and time of each bowel movement, the color and consistency of the stool, and how hard you had to strain (if at all) to have the bowel movement. This information will help your healthcare provider pinpoint the cause of your extreme fatigue after going to the bathroom. I would suggest you not take this situation lightly. I suggest you call your primary health care provider to make an appointment and begin getting answers to your question. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this, and I hope you get a diagnosis soon. Though I'm hoping you don't have ulcerative colitis! The thing with blood is that a little can look like a LOT, especially when it's dispersed in a bowl of toilet water. Even a couple drops of blood in the toilet can give the water the appearance a blood bath has taken place. I mention this in part to help calm your anxiety about this. The chances are you're not losing as much blood as you think. If there's any way for you to measure the blood loss (I know, sounds gross, but you could, for example, purchase from a medical supply store a "hat" or plastic measuring basin that fits under the toilet seat for those times when only blood comes out), you'd have a better idea of how much blood you're really losing. It's probably not more than a tablespoon or so at a time, but since I'm not there to see it, it could be more. It would be good for your doctor to know. Losing blood is always unnerving, but the human body can endure quite a lot of blood loss before serious problems occur. If you do experience fainting, or if your pulse rate stays elevated, then you definitely need to call your doctor. Meanwhile, you can help avoid those symptoms by drinking plenty of fluid to keep your circulating volume up. I wish you all the best with this!  To answer your first question: No. A urine test that checks for bacteria will not "look" for other substances in the urine. To your second question: If you inhale a small amount of secondhand marijuana smoke, might it show up on a drug screen test? I'd guess it's doubtful but not impossible. It definitely won't show up on a urine culture designed to check for bacteria. I hope that helps!  So sorry you're going through this. It sounds scary. Even if your blood sugar levels tested normal during a routine lab test, that doesn't mean you're not having episodes of . When you say "my sugar levels are normal when checked," I'm assuming you're talking about a lab test. Have you ever used a hand-held glucometer to have someone check your sugar level when you experience one of these shaking/sweating/passing out episodes? The reason your doctor specifically said to eat something sugary when this happens is to rapidly raise your low blood sugar levels. It's not enough to eat just anything when these episodes occur. Carry a candy bar or something very sugary with you to eat when you start to feel these symptoms coming on. Passing out for over an hour can indicate dangerously low blood sugar levels. You should not allow that to continue. If you experience an episode like this again, and your friends cannot rouse you (wake you up), they need to call 911 immediately. I would strongly recommend going back to the doctor to have your symptoms reevaluated if eating sugar isn't helping when you have one of these episodes. By the way, your blood pressure and pulse numbers look very good, which is why your doctor wasn't concerned. I hope this helps!  Certainly this is something worth investigating. It's impossible to tell what may be causing this without a physical examination, but one possibility that comes to mind is . I'd suggest you start by consulting your primary health care provider. He or she can do a physical examination and possibly take an X-ray to determine if you have arthritis in your neck vertebrae or possibly degenerative disc disease. If you do, your provider can discuss treatment options with you. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're dealing with this. It sounds exhausting. Although you don't have insurance, you need to get checked out by a doctor. Chronic can have many bad side effects, such as causing a mineral imbalance that affects your heart. Most cities, even small ones, offer free or low-cost health care clinics. Some of these clinics allow people to pay on a sliding fee scale. This means the fee is based on your income and expenses. You can get information about these clinics by contacting your local Medicaid office. Or use a search engine and type in the name of your city, followed by "free health clinics." Meanwhile, it's very important you drink plenty of water. Chronic diarrhea can cause severe dehydration. I wish you all the best in getting the problem diagnosed and treated.  I would suggest you get this checked out by your primary care provider. Lower back pain in at the time of a bowel movement can represent two unrelated issues (for example, maybe the back pain is caused by straining due to constipation), but it can also be a sign of other conditions, including prostate problems or endometriosis (I don't know if you're a man or woman, so I'm covering both bases). Also, start taking a good look at your stools (bowel movements) and note what they look like. In other words, are they soft and brown? Black? Oily? Loose? Your health care provider will want this information to help diagnose the problem quicker. I hope you're able to get this figured out soon, since it sounds like it's having a negative impact on your everyday life!  Well, my friend, it sounds like you are . And on top of that probably have a , yes. That would account for any visible red blood on the stool or in the toilet water after you have a bowel movement. While I applaud your devotion to Greek yogurt, I agree it's probably wise to cut back from 8-12 containers per day. Eating excessive amounts of dairy products can, indeed, cause constipation. If you manage your constipation you can avoid further trouble from hemorrhoids. First, you need to make sure you're drinking plenty of water each day. Second, eat a fiber-rich diet that includes a sizable portion of minimally cooked plant foods. In the short term, you can take an over-the-counter stool softener (NOT laxative), such as docusate sodium. Please do not do anything radical, like a bowel cleanse. It's not necessary and can disrupt the natural flora of your gut, which are important for your immune system. Just read up on constipation using the link above, and you should find your problems resolving within a week or two. Wishing you well!  The short answer is you should not mix painkillers. You should keep your health care provider informed of your physical status, limitations and medication usage. If you and your health care providers can't be partners, then you should find another provider. I realize things are never that simple. Many things may limit your choice of providers, from insurance coverage to the number of providers in your local area. But, seriously, don't keep important information from your provider. It's not in your best interest. Try sitting down and having a good conversation with your provider. Tell him or her you can't take dilaudid in the work environment, and when you don't take the dilaudid your pain isn't controlled. Ask to discuss options: can you combine two different types of pain relievers; can you get some other non-surgical type of treatment; can you get physical therapy? At work find out if you can change anything about your work environment that is aggravating your condition: can you take breaks more frequently, on a schedule; can you reduce your work hours temporarily; can you get an ergonomic consultation to arrange your workstation in a way that doesn't irritate your neck? As you can see, there are many, many ways you can approach this situation without self-medicating. I encourage you to explore better options with your provider. Wishing you well!  i had twins and i knew very early on, but my doctor assured me, that i was not. i did have twins but we didnt learn this till the 5th month. the fetal protein count was too high for a normal pregnancy. it was then that i confirmed my suspisions. i could not tell i was carrying two babies though, till the 7th month. then you know you have activity constantly. and i went to term with them. so just because you have "moving around" doesnt mean twins. you will know what that seems to feel like when your in your last trimester.  Hi get doctor to check if you have a perforated ear drum as this might be a possibility?  as terrible as they taste I use plain ol' fiber (glutten free) that you mix into drink every morning I do have celiac and its the only thing that helps to stiffen up and make a more "comfortable" bowels movement. They also have fiber pills now but I never seemed to get anywhere near the same sort of relief as the plain ol' nasty tasting powder  I am a stage 4 with ckd.  I've found out it is called awake bruxism  Sometimes irritation from paint fumes or new carpet can irritate the nose and eyes. You can try warm compresses to the eyes, antihistamine or over-the-counter allergy eye drops. Usually this gets better. If these don't help or you develop pain in the eye or vision changes, you should see an eye doctor to have an eye exam to make sure there is not an infection or other problem.  Can you be any more specific in describing what you termed a "bad move"?  Every child is different and it sounds, from your description, that your son has learned some language skills. At 3, according to the American Academy of Pediatrics, your son should: If he doesn't understand you some of the time or repeats questions, he may have any number of issues eg hearing problems, language problem, processing issue It is very important for you to see your doctor and a speech specialist. That way he can get any help he may need. The earlier help starts, the better it is.  you need a stool softener if that doesn't work I suggest seeing your doctor for help that could be dangerous and cause an infection to set up  I would say it is up to the individual family for the most part. However, since you are going to move the baby into his own room at some point my opinion is to do it now. If you wait much longer he may become attached to being in your room and have problems getting to sleep or staying asleep when moved out of your room. You may find that you and your baby actually sleep better when in your own rooms too! Your movements and sounds during the night may be disturbing him and most likely you hear every little sigh, cough, etc. that he makes too, which keeps you from getting restful sleep, which you desperately need with an 11 month old! :0) Good luck with your transition, whenever you choose to make it!  A friend of mine has four children and all of them have had variations of this problem...can't feel the urge to pee, pees in pants, needs stool softener. All of her children were diagnosed with vesicoureteral reflux to some degree or another. The oldest child had surgery to correct this when she was 4 yrs. old but none of the other children required surgery. Have you had your daughter's kidney function tested? Hopefully it is nothing serious but kidney problems are nothing to fool around with and catching kidney problems early is key to prevent permanent kidney damage. Please see a urologist ASAP. I feel terrible for your poor girl and hope you/she get answers soon.  Might be a jammed finger  Hello There,  Well you could have pulled a muscle Try ice and Ibuprofen  Well if its happening in your lower back I would say that it could be a UTI. Does it feel like you have to pee alot?  Sounds like maybe you are (if you haven't) starting your period,,, and if you already have it,, sometimes in approx 2 weeks after your period stops you get a cramp like feeling from your ovaries doing there job..  Could be Fibromyalgia. There are medications for this. I have it myself and know the pain very well. Please see your Dr soon!  It sounds like you have a condition which causes you to not properly digest your food, it doesn't even sound as if your food is going to your digestive system at all, instead you are swallowing it and before it reaches your digestive tract, you are having a reaction to it. Talk to your physician and see if he can prescribe something, you could have something simple called "acid reflux" where your food is trying to come right back up before even reaching your digestive tract. Regardless of what is causing it, you need to consult your doctor and let him run some tests. Meanwhile, you need to stick to a bland diet, soft foods and eat slowly and chew your food very thoroughly  pain in the lower abdomen after a bowel movement, if not severe is quite common. You could be straining with bowel movements, and if so, you need to add a stool softener to your daily regimen. Do not take laxatives! Just take a mild stool softener and see if it helps. If you have regular bowel movements, and are not straining in any way to empty your bowels, you should see your physican, and if the pain is severe, you should see him with out waiting. I would first try the stool softener and eat a diet high in fiber first, if the pain is mild and you only experience it after a bowel movement.  It is probably something minor and easily treatable, but it sounds like more than a common cold. I would definitely take her to the doctor and keep giving her the benadryl. Make sure you keep PLENTY of benadryl on hand, even when they aren't sick and I would definitely want to take her to the doctor to have that rash looked at  I would. It may just be a bruise, but you could have chipped or cracked a bone.  you could probably be smiling less, or frowning more. If you notice a frown on your face when you feel your face drooping, that's probably the cause.  You have a cold in your bowels. Do you feel run down and don't feel like doing anything? That is the way I feel when I get a cold in my bowels and it is green.  You need to contact a Gynecologist not a regular primary care dr. Have the gynocologist do an internal exam to make sure the pain is from your uterus, that would be my guess. But you need to be seen by a specialist you may need surgery.  It could be that you have hemmoriods, especially if there is pain when passing a bowel movement.  Hi. The pain that you have comes from aging but it is wired that you cant stand up straight, but anyway the first thing that you should do is get a medical checkup from your doctor and let him/her do an x-ray on you to see what is going on with your back. And he/she should give you a medication for back pain. You can try the Tylenol EXTRA strength. That is really good for migraine headaches and back pain. So go see your doctor and tell him/her that you want to do an x-ray scan.  Sounds like Rheumatoid Arthritis. Let your doctor check it out.  I wonder now after researching  Hi, This sounds very unusual and if I was you I would either go to your doctor or visit your local hospital.  Go see a doctor asap! Don't panic, but I suggest making an appointment to see your doctor as soon a possible!  Are you eating or drinking before taking your temperature? That can interfere with the temperature showing on the thermometer. You could try taking your temp with the thermometer under your arm (on bare skin).  It is definitely not too late to see a doctor. Best idea is to get it checked out to make sure there is no fracture of anything seriously wrong.  Yes the cysts can, and usually do burst. It has happened to me twice. It caused me to have severe pain on my one side and nausea. I ended up going to the ER and found that it was my cyst that burst.  Immediately consult a doctor. You may have a cracked bone.  I am not sure how to edit this question, so I am posting it here. Fiber is not an issue. I get plenty of fiber in my diet.    As a pharmacist, if I had a patient who came to me and asked me this question, I would actually be a little concerned. I would ask them for how long they have been taking the Imodium and when did they notice this change in their stool color. Sometimes when we here about dark stools, there is a concern that there is some internal bleeding going on. So, as a pharmacist, my recommendation to this patient, would be to stop taking the Imodium and get it checked out by a physician or healthcare provider immediately.  Anytime that a pharmacist hears that there is blood in the stools, I want to immediately tell people you need to get that checked out by a physician. Many medications can cause things like diarrhea, but not to the point that you should have blood in your stool. So as a pharmacist to this, I am going to be like look, you need to see the doctor right away and have it checked out. This could be some type of internal bleeding, it could be nothing. But we want to make sure that we are safe and that the patient is being evaluated to find out what is the root cause and why did this happen?  This a great question that you can always ask your pharmacist. Yes, these are common side effects from the medication. It is very important that you drink a lot of fluids so you do not become dehydrated. Are you taking the medication with food? This may help alleviate the gas and bloating. I would also recommend mentioning this to your health care provider on your next visit. They may adjust the dose of your medication.  Hi, sorry to hear that..if it's more than 2 days now and she's experiencing the same symptoms please take her to a doctor. I'm a mother of 4 grown children. She may be lactose or casein intolerant which comes from many dairy products or it could be another form of stomach problem. She may have caught a bug at school or have a virus.  Hi,   (CONT'D) : It hurts (burning sensation) anytime I bend too far (usually when I try to stand or pick up my son) and has a stabbing pain when I sit a certain way (putting too much pressure on side I landed on) or when I try to shift my body while sitting or lying down. It has even woken me up when I turn over in my sleep. No kind of pain reliever pill or method eases the pain... I've tried multiple medicinces (not at same times) and ice and hot packs and even muscle relief creams and nothing will work. I probably should have gone to a dr right away but I figured it wasn't really that big of a deal cause I was still able to walk... But now that it hasn't really showed any improvement I'm wondering if I should go now or just wait it out longer to see if it gets better.   It hurts (burning sensation) anytime I bend too far (usually when I try to stand or pick up my son) and has a stabbing pain when I sit a certain way (putting too much pressure on side I landed on) or when I try to shift my body while sitting or lying down. It has even woken me up when I turn over in my sleep. No kind of pain reliever pill or method eases the pain... I've tried multiple medicinces (not at same times) and ice and hot packs and even muscle relief creams and nothing will work. I probably should have gone to a dr right away but I figured it wasn't really that big of a deal cause I was still able to walk... But now that it hasn't really showed any improvement I'm wondering if I should go now or just wait it out longer to see if it gets better.  Let me first start by saying, I am not a doctor just your fellow WebMD follower and I have had Crohns Disease for 12 years and know a little something about bowel movements. Two important questions: My first question is: is the blood red or black? Red blood means there is irritation either from a hemorrhoid or rectal bleeding which generally is not concerning. It either means you need to start drinking more water and/or taking stool softeners. You usually can tell if you need more water by bleeding and large hard stools. My next question would be: If the blood is black or the stool is tarry this is where you need to see a doctor. This means there is bleeding up high in the colon or intestine, a colposcopy is highly recommended. I suspect what you are feeling is a large hemorrhoid when you feel inside. Again, I hate to say it but see a doctor and/or stick to extra water, stool softeners and continue with you yogurt as this will "balance" you.  Your mother may be experiencing constipation. A primary care doctor can evaluate her symptoms and do a physical exam. There are many possible causes of constipation. Some common causes are a medication side effect, dehydration from inadequate water intake, and thyroid problems. Here is a link to an article about constipation. http://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/digestive-diseases-constipation <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p> Take care  Hi, it sounds like lichens planus. Not sure of spelling. For itching try an oral antihistamine, non drowsy. Hope this helps. I suffer with a lot of derm issues. Also, maybe a womens over the counter anti cream vagisil might bring some relief.  Hi, it could be. I would take him/her to the vet as soon as possible. Ten years old in dog years is about 60 or 70 in our years, so it could just be starting. The vet will do a thorough exam including x-rays. She may also recommend your "love bug" lose a few pounds. Best wishes!  Hi, I would speak to my dr about the side effect of RLS and anti depressants. It could be possible. Try a daily dose of folic acid for your RLS, that does work. Also, see if you can get your hubby to massage your legs and feet before bed time. Hope this helps!  Maybe you should go see a doctor and get tested for diabetes, the same happened to my sister, just with her hands as well.  I'm curious from this whether you are sure that you want out. So, if you have any doubts, now is the time to fully consider them. However, if you are sure, then I think you know that you need to tell her. I'm also guessing that you are desperate for a way to not hurt her. However, as IslandL said, there is no way to do this-- she's going to feel hurt (unless, she secretly really wants out, too; but from what you write, I doubt that). Separating your lives is a big "project," and like any big project, it's best to have a general plan, but then focus on one step at a time. Some of the major "steps" seem to be: talking with her and working through the emotions of the situation, separating personal items, figuring out a way to divide up shared things, and finding a way to earn more money or live on the money you already have coming in. I think of it this way: Always keep one eye on where you want to go and the other on each step along the way. This is all advice that you might already know. I think the really hard part is living through it. You need to take a deep breath, and to reach inside to find the courage to do this. And, I also suggest that you find and accept support where you can.  Divorce isn't just the end of an official contract; it is a legal surgery that separates two people whose lives have been joined. Particularly after long marriages, it is painful and traumatic and people need time to heal afterward. Moving on in a healthy way  healing from the pain of divorce  requires that you feel the pain. Otherwise, you are just covering a wound that is likely to fester under the surface, demanding attention at some later time. So, it is important to allow yourself to feel the hurt, anger, sadness, or whatever other emotional distress that your divorce inflicts upon you. Then you can actively take steps forward toward a happier future. At some point, you will likely want to date again. Hopefully, at this point, you will have a life filled with many things and people that you enjoy. Also, if you know what you are looking for in a person (i.e. respectful partner, someone to go hiking with) and relationship (i.e. just fun, long term commitment), then you are more likely to find it; and feel fulfilled by it. Knowing what you want is also very important when you have children. Consider your child's age and personality as you decide how to proceed. Consider how much you want him or her exposed to your dating life. You will probably want to shelter them a bit from your exploration, as each new date might unrealistically be seen as a possible threat (i.e. taking your attention, dashing hopes of reconciliation with your ex-spouse) or savior (i.e. joining the family to once again make it complete). Where can you meet people? How can you go about this? While it's not easy, it's not impossible, either. Your attitude is critical. Being happy, hopeful, and open to meeting someone can help you. Because dating can be a bumpy road, a positive attitude can also help you to bounce along without feeling too bruised. Here are some concrete suggestions for finding a partner: 1) Let people know that you are interested in dating; you might be surprised who can set you up with someone and who that someone might be (hopefully the partner of your dreams, though you must also be prepared for the date of your nightmares). 2) Join activities or clubs that interest you; then you will be happy with what you are doing whether or not you meet a special someone. 3) Find out about singles activities and try some out. 4) Try online dating services. There are many of them; just a few popular ones are as Match.com, eHarmony.com, perfectmatch.com, and Lavalife.com  ... Moving on from a relationship is extremely difficult, especially when you still love the person... While keeping yourself busy and time are very helpful in moving on, they are not the only things you need to do. You must find things that you can invest yourself in-- find things that matter to you. Without this, the keeping busy will only provide very temporary relief. ... In talking yourself through this, imagine that the old you is a friend. Think about what you were going through at the time and bring back how it all felt. Then talk to that old you as you would talk to a friend. Give her understanding. Cry with her. Let her know that she is more than her actions at that time, that you can understand why she acted as she did, and that she is still a good person and lovable. -- That is how you would feel toward, and respond to, a friend, right?? This will take time to work through. But with effort, persistence, and a caring feeling toward yourself, you can slowly help yourself heal. If all of this feels too hard to do, and you don't have a trusted friend who can help you through this, then you might consider finding a therapist to help. ...   Making sure you're not using strong soap or detergent is important; for me, using a really good penis health cream has been a lifesaver. I use Man1 Man Oil, and it has lots of great ingredients that really do the job for me.  Reverse digestion. I saw it on "House"  Yes, you will need to have a Social Security number and be able to show proof of your legal immigration status.  Without insurance you can consider using an urgent care center in your neighborhood to have your condition checked out. You'll generally pay a flat rate for the care you receive. It doesn't replace a relationship with a doctor, which you may need if you have a health condition that requires on-going care, but at least you can get some idea as to what's going on.  Without insurance you can consider using an urgent care center in your neighborhood to have your condition checked out. You'll generally pay a flat rate for the care you receive. It doesn't replace a relationship with a doctor, which you may need if you have a health condition that requires on-going care, but at least you can get some idea as to what's going on.  NeedyMeds.org has information on thousands of free, low-cost or sliding scale clinics, drug discount coupons, and nearly 1,000 application assistance programs, which help consumers navigate the confusing application process. RXAssist.org offers a database of pharmaceutical company programs that help patients pay for medication.  Do you take Stool Softeners or Laxitives,r eat a lot of Fiber? Too much Fiber or raw fruits and vegetables will cause gas and bloating in the lower bowel. Sometimes it becomes trapped between stool that you are unable to pass. If this continues you might see a good Specialist. You may have a condition that would cause this problem that could be easily treated with the right medications.  hello there, firstly congrats on being independent and living on your own. its a big step but a great one. and at times yes you may feel down or irritated but this can all be helped!!! your anxiety can also be controlled and personally i think you should be doing this through eating the right foods, including lots of raw fruit and vegetables, dairy free milk such as oat milk, soy milk,almond milk or if you do not like that at least low or no fat milk. cut out on all processed foods that contain presertitives, flavours or flavor enhancers, artificial colors, added sugar and high salts. this all has effects on the body and is UN-natural. just changing what you eat will help your thought processes. decent exercise is also a great way to relieve anxiety and depression. DOING GOOD WILL MAKE YOU FEEL GOOD!! and lots of good un-interupted sleep is very important too. at least 8-10 hours. i dont think the Zoloft is doing you any good. these are synthetic chemicals that do more damage to your head and body in the long run. join a yoga class or do some volunteer work. getting out and meeting people will make you feel good. try to learn something new everyday and keep your mind active. don't let bad thoughts get in the way of enjoying this precious life you have. hope this helps you in some way :-) keep positive!!  sounds like your rib is out of place. I have had this many times. it is very painful. i usually push on it to pop it in place, or go to my chiropractor for an adjustment.  It is all about technique and team work. Improper form and taking on too much weight can cause back issues for both old and young adults.  My 4 year old grand daughter went through the same thing. The proper term is Encopresis. It hurts for the child to pass the stool, so they hold it in, causing it to hurt more when the finally do go so next time they hold it even longer and it becomes more painful. It's an endless cycle. They will also start to have accidents in their clothes. Our doctor put her on Polyethylene Glycol. She takes one teaspoon in the morning, every day. It works wonders. She will grow out of it but for the time being, this has worked wonders.  Many medications are formulated in a special way to slowly release the medication over time. Some of these formulations may result in a "shell" being passed through the stool. The shell appears to be a whole tablet. But normally the shell has been rendered empty of the medication. It really depends on what medication you are referring to in order for me to tell you if it is normal and expected. I suggest you ask your pharmacist if the medication you are using could lead to the expulsion of shells in your stool.  If you really want to get rid of obese body then start using Garcinia Cambogia Plus.  There isn't one bowel pattern that is normal but generally babies and young toddlers will go anywhere from 3 times daily, to 3 times weekly, and the stool can be either formed to semi-formed. Most toddlers will get constipated from time to time but if becomes a problem, and his stools are hard to pass, or it goes on for more than 2 weeks, see your doctor. For more on constipation, see this article.  First off you want to check for signs of dehydration including fewer wet diapers, less play, sunken eyes, sunken fontanelle (soft spot on baby's head), loss of skin turgor and dry mucous membranes. The fact that your baby isn't eating enough for adequate growth, is another consideration. Six months is also the time to start solids, which is important for development and nutrition. This WebMD article discusses various causes of diarrhea in babies. I would contact your doctor to find out if he or she wants you to come back in or get referred to a gastroenterologist. I think your gut is saying something isn't right -- and that is very important in my book.  Only a doctor can diagnose you with IBS or another related gastrointestinal disorder. But from what you have shared, it seems your increase in bowel movements is due to your increase in fiber. Especially if you are not feeling abdominal pain or bloating and your bowels are not hard or really loose. For more on the symptoms of IBS, see this  Because you are advancing your diet, it could be a normal transition as long as it does not last but only your doctor will know for sure. I would stay in close contact with your doctor about your bowel movements and what that means for your treatment and diet moving forward. In terms of solid food, a soft diet is the easiest on the gastrointestinal system because it contains little fiber. The normal transition is moving from liquids to soft to regular.  Although flaxseed makes a great addition to a healthy diet, I am not aware of a specific amount that has been found to decrease the symptoms you mention. It's best to see a dietitian who specializes in gastrointestinal (GI) issues or a doctor. For more on potential causes GI distress, see this  In addition to exercise, what you eat can help a great deal. The DASH has been shown to help reduce blood pressure and it focuses on the following: A variety of fruits and vegetables a diet low in saturated fat and red meat Protein sources such as fish, lean poultry and nuts Whole grains (whole wheat, brown rice) over refined grains (white bread, white rice) Reduced sodium and less sweets in the diet For more recommendations on how to follow the DASH diet see this post. Good luck!  Two important things to note here are growth and hydration. If your child is growing steadily as shown on his growth chart, and is having plenty of wet diapers, than that is a good sign. Diarrhea that results in dehydration or slowed growth is problematic. You also might want to try a formula with probiotics (good bacteria for the gut) to see if that helps. If you are still concerned, ask to be referred to a pediatric gastroenterologist. They can perform some tests and have the appropriate experience to troubleshoot potential solutions or let you know everything is fine. Trust your instincts and get the help you need!  There is a wide range of "normal" when it comes to the frequency of bowel movements (BM) in infants. Many babies have an easily passed BM every 4 days, or even every 7 to 10 days. This is their usual pattern. They are comfortable before, during, and after their BM's, and this pattern is "normal" for them. Some babies have four painful, rock-hard BM's, sometimes with blood on the outside of the BM, each day. These babies are constipated. So, it is really okay to just observe if your baby is eating and is being his usual self despite "infrequent" BM's. But if there are very hard BM's or symptoms of discomfort, especially if this discomfort is sudden in onset and unusual for your baby, see your doctor right away. It might be necessary to change his diet or do further evaluation. But for the infrequent firm, tough-to-get-started BM, your pediatrician may recommend a glycerin suppository if the prune juice hasn't worked.  There are many possible causes of kidney pain. Your doctor would need to examine you to figure out what's going on. The description of your symptoms does not point to any obvious cause of your pain, so call your doctor and get checked.  There could be a couple of things going on. First, antibiotics can cause diarrhea. That diarrhea usually goes away once you stop the antibiotic. Taking probiotics may help. You can get probiotics either by eating yogurt (look for "live, active cultures" on the label) or by taking probiotic supplements. For supplements, look for these probiotics -- Saccharomyces boulardii and Lactobacillus GG -- as they may work the best. Probiotics for Diarrhea http://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/probiotics-diarrhea However, another concern is that you could have a condition called Clostridium difficile (also called C. diff), which is an infection that happens after you take antibiotics. Cipro is one of the antibiotics that more commonly causes C. diff. We see this more in people treated with antibiotics in the hospital. However, it can happen in anyone taking antibiotics. C. diff is often treated with one of the antibiotics you were on -- Flagyl. Clostridium difficile http://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/tc/clostridium-difficile-colitis-overview If you try the probiotics for 2-3 days and that doesn't get rid of the diarrhea, you need to let your doctor know as you may need other treatment. Also, if the diarrhea gets worse or you develop new symptoms, also let your doctor know.  Could be a sprain, a fracture, your thumb could have been jammed, or you bruisied the bone during the fall and that hurts tremendously! Take ibuprofen it also helps swelling and pain. keep icing it, and as much as it hurts DO NOT baby it, or not use it. you need to try and move your wrist and thumb as much as possible, it hurts really bad i know but if you baby it you can cause stiffness and sometimes they have to break bones and reset them due to severe stiffness. If the horrible pain continues longer than 10-14 days i say see a doctor.  I have 2 kids who are lactose intolerant, neither of them did well with the iron in the formula, they would be gassy, colicky, and constipated. I think you have a reason to take her in and talk to her reg pediatrician.  Sounds like a cracked or broken rib you should go see a doctor. My husband had exact same symptoms when he broke his. Doctor taped his ribs with some kind of medical tape and gave him some pain meds, took a while to heal. Hope you feel better soon.  If you get a sudden onset of these floaters please see an opthamologist ASAP! could be serious sign of retinal tear. Had this happen to me about 5 yrs ago and fortunately took immediate action. Dr had to treat a tear in my right retina. Could've had a detached retina which means blindness. I am very nearsighted, and these floaters are more common for folks as me. They normally gradually drift into eye over time, but your brain will compensate. Not much you can do about that.  Hi So you drinking plenty? yes, and you eating plenty of fibre? yes, lots of fruit and vegetables? yes, if your doing all these then things should be moving really well. Then do you eat a good hot chilli once a week or a nice hot curry, these will shift anything. But have you been checked out for lactose intolerance, that's something that can really mess up the old bowl movements. Do hope something here rings bells. Good Luck  Hi Don't go cold turkey, you will need to this slowly, and at the same time start eating lots of fibrous foods daily, lots of veg, lots of fruit, drink plenty of water and wholemeal breads along with wholemeal pasta, basically anything you can find the high in fibre Once you have stopped taken the pills just keep going and doing the same thing, your system should just return to normal. Hope there is some help for you. Just try reducing one pill a day, hope this is just once a day. Good Luck  Hi, Sorry but its a very visual thing, your best bet would be your doctor, if you have one, if not try the ER. Good Luck  Hi This may interest you its a side effect from the list for ALEVE. Common Aleve side effects may include: upset stomach, mild heartburn or stomach pain, diarrhea, constipation; Think it may be best if get some medical help and come off ALEVE Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi A tip anytime you pass blood with urine or stools, go see your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi This sounds like trapped wind, get some nice very strong peppermint cordial, mix it strong and drink straight down, then stand back, hold on to something, your find out why. Good Luck  Hi OK if your frightened its an STD, do you have an STD/GUM Clinic near by, if so give them a look in, and get them to look at for you, perhaps they can have some idea what it is even if its not and STD or STI. Could be the way to go. Good Luck  Hi If your passing blood with your stools, go to your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi The general concensus to your question is if its early movements then there about the same, except in it gas one dose gets some wind soon after, but a bit later, you will know when it kicks. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I would think any physio should know what you need to do, but for you fingers just get some bubble wrap, and start popping between thumb and fingers one at a time, as for your wrist just start moving it aroiund will help, get a tin of beans in a carrier bag, and just start lifting it up and down, for movement and strength, you can slowly increase the weight as you go on. Suggest you google this, herbs for BDNF, you should find some interesting things to read, on livestrong you can down load some brain exercises, these should be good for you, you can also try doing code words, you can either bye mags or down load some, these should help and exercise your brain. So I do hope these help. Good Luck  Hi, I would not sit there on your computer, just get to an ER or your doctor ASAP, blood in stools means you bleeding internally. So suggest you don't just sit there go get help. Good Luck  Hi Do you understand what she has just had done to her body, this means that she can never have children, with you or anyone, its like she has been kicked in the stomach, this is a big chunk of her women hood gone and can never be replaced. Now this is what your up against, she is bound to be down, I suggest you just keep talking to her at lease once a week, and do this face to face and not a phone call, take her small gifts if you can. Try keeping this going, show her you love her, then try and progress from there, this may take sometime. Do hope this helps, but love can hurt. Good Luck  Hi 833, Perhaps he needs more help than you, perhaps he needs support from counselling. So its either nerves, or it is that he is so far into what he's doing and by the time he has done it it's to late, and embarrassment sets in, but how come his teacher does not notice the extra whiff coming from him? Good Luck  Hi Well just give it a few more days, the joint is a very tender place, so just needs that little bit longer, try rubbing in any kind of joint liniment, you may find this will help, and also massaging it will also help, another thing you could try is icing it for 20 minutes twice a day, this pulls blood into the area, and adds healing. Good Luck  Hi Try going back to the ER, ask them if you can have an MRI on it, it could you have ligament problems, either just damaged or broken. If that confirms it, it just a case of having tens treatment, ice packing it 3 times a day, doing swimming breast stroke leg work only with a float, well help it, I was doing 1K a day for over a month. And was doing leg extensions twice a day with light weights around your ankle, also is great for helping the healing. But your be pleased to here it works Do hope this is it. Good Luck  Hi This is a visual thing you have, and would best if your doctor looks at it. But you say exercise, was this with weights, if so this could be a strain, if so you could do with just taken a break for a couple of weeks, this kind of strain will take a couple of weeks or more to recover. But I would still see your doctor. do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Why not try a dermatologist, you could find some real help that way. But its a hard to help over the internet, its a visual thing, or should be, as you sat its a rash. Good Luck  See above.  Hi, You have had a 'pulsing' in your lower abdomen and pelvic area and you are a little worried You have a major artery which runs down both our legs called the femoral arteries which is what you may have been feeling due to the raised pressure of you blood due to pregnancy, and the pressure of your ever growing baby I would try not to worry too much about this, as it is quite a common occurance Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think your find that your straining to much, and this is putting pressure through your body, and including your head. Good Luck  Hi Blood in you stools or urine, just get to your doctor ASAP, always. Good Luck  Hi, I think your find most women have one breast bigger than the other, same as you may find one slightly different position to the other, its just the way nature treats us. But I think your best place would be a gym, find a women instructor and put your question to her, this way she may need to look at them to see your problem, you wont get embarrassed if it was a man looking at your problem. Do Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Read this link its very informative about your problem. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/ulcerative-colitis/Pages/introduction.aspx But do think you need some real help, try an ER. Good Luck  Hi I think the best advice anyone could give you is get to your doctor, ASAP, you have a problem that needs sorting out ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Yes it could be compacted, may need to be cleared by hand, so the ER should x-ray it and take it from there. So don't just sit there go. Good Luck  Hi, You should really read more about sex and orgasms, try having a good read on www.dodsonandross.com you find lots of interesting things. But have a good read on this link, I think it covers just what your looking for. The Link, http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/coming-and-fainting-it-possible-pass-out-orgasm All this info should help you. Good Luck  Hi As you have had some kind of food poisoning, it would be a good idea to get some acidophilus or Yakult inside you to put back some good bugs inside your gut. But you should be drinking plenty of water, and try some very light soups, at least it would be something going in and staying down. stick to foods that are easily digested, such as toast, crackers, bananas and rice until you begin to feel better. avoid alcohol, cigarettes, caffeine and spicy and fatty foods because they will make you feel worse. In most cases, food poisoning can be treated at home without seeking medical advice. Unless youre the older kind of person you may need some Oral rehydration salts (ORSs) are recommended for people vulnerable to the effects of dehydration, such as the elderly and those with a pre-existing health condition. ORSs are available in sachets from pharmacies. You dissolve them in water to drink and they help replace salt, glucose and other important minerals your body loses through dehydration. If you have a kidney condition, some types of oral rehydration salts may not be suitable for you. Ask your pharmacist or GP for further advice about this. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes, just the same as some women can go through there whole pregnancy without not noticing it. Good Luck  Hi It would have been nice to have had a picture, but as we don't, its a bit hard to help. The best thing you can do is take it to your doctor let him have a look, it may come out with just a small op at your doctors. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi This is what could happen it your testis move to much from being to lax. In some people the tissues that surround the testis in the scrotum are lax. Therefore, the testes can move around in the scrotum more than usual. If a testis twists around, the spermatic cord has to twist around too as it is fixed higher up. If this happens, the blood flow to the testis is blocked in the twisted spermatic cord. (This is like a hosepipe attached to a tap. The water will not flow if the hose gets twisted on itself.) A testis with its blood supply cut off is likely to become damaged and die unless the blood flow is quickly restored. From this site, http://www.patient.co.uk/health/torsion-of-the-testis Just copy into google to open and read. You may find the help you need. Good Luck  Hi Google Ginger and motion sickness, you should find some help. Good Luck  Hi With your problem I would be knocking down my doctor s door for help. I cant see how you can go for months with any bowl movements, as it would need somewhere to go, and if it wont go down then it must come up. You really need to be seen by a specialist. Good Luck  Hi If like me you live in the country, pack some toilet paper in your pocket and have a hot drink, and go for a long walk, if you get the urge just pop behind a tree, don't hold it in till you get home, just go, its ok its all very natural thing to do. By the way a long walk is about 1 1/2 hours or longer, but do a brisk walk. Bet that works. Good Luck  Hi If your that worried, get to your doctor he/she will give you the test for appendicitis, if it is off you go to hospital, but other things you will be nauseous, or fill nauseous, your find sleeping very hard with the pain, if it gets worst before you see your doctor then get to the ER. OK Good Luck  Hi, If anyone with diarrhoea for just 7 days they should be worried, but 8 months, just get to your doctor, and get it sorted. Good Luck  Hi I borrowed this from a WebMD forum, it may just help you find out what you problem is, you could even do some more research into, or just go see your doctor and get some tests done. Childbirth and intercourse are not the only reasons for a rectal fistula. Bowel diseases such as Crohn's and Irritable Bowel Syndrome (the latter a fairly common medical issue) can also cause tears from the bowel into the vagina with the leakage that you describe. So do hope this help you. Good Luck  Hi Try getting more fibre in your diet, it should help, but may give you some more gas, getting gas is not so bad we all get it. So keep away from fast foods and junk foods, there full of salt and sugars. Think all the time, we are what we eat. Try drinking extra water, this your find will help things move quicker, that's if you get some extra fibre going. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, While painful ovulation is fairly common in women and doesnt lead to other problems, painful ovulation can also be a symptom of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), ovarian fibroids or endometriosis. If you are concerned, see your GP and keep a diary beforehand, so you can let your doctor know exactly when in your menstrual cycle ovulation pain occurs, the level of pain on each day and how long it lasts. Just see your doctor and get checked out, this is only a theory . But hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi It sounds like you have a slight strain, just think back top what you been doing over the last few days, moving or lifting weights, or moving anything from and odd angle will do it, sometimes just simple things as well, just give it week and see if the pain fads. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Sounds like you popped your cartilage, and as your finding its painful, just try sleeping on your back, if you cant then you will lean how to, I di the same, given time it will pass? about 4 weeks. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I would go back, they must be missing something, ask to see a paediatrician they must have one? Good Luck  Hi, Being a naturist, I do love being out in the sun and getting a sun tan, when have a nice tan it does make you fill good. Been doing this ever since I was a small child, and do believe a lot of todays problem come from modern sun creams, when I was a boy back in the fifty's, there was not much just some skin creams like Nivea and olive oil, and if burnt we used malt vinegar, see just simple things. Now at the age of 66 still use olive oil, but now in Greece and have my own olive trees and produce my own organic olive oil, even if its 40+c and working outside its either just skin or olive oil and skin, but like now have been working on my tan for over 6 weeks or more, when the sun shines I'm out in it most days. But then you need to be out with no skin protection to get your vitamin D, its the best and natural way to get our daily Ds. Then perhaps I'm the wrong person to put up an answer, being pro sun, see you need some of these folks who never go out in the sun and if they do use factor 85, and walk in shadows. But then these people probable suffer from rickets, its from not getting enough sun for natural vitamin D. There are thousands of folks like me who just love the sun, even worship the sun. If you have a sick plant were do you put it? out in the sun, were did we used to put sick people? out in the sun, perhaps they did have the right idea, back then. But now its O' take them out of the sun, they could get melanoma or will get skin cancer, yes I know the same. I did read a few years ago and never kept the link, from a Doctor who stated, if as a child you were burnt from the sun, there's a very low chance of getting skin cancer. Each year I have spent many happy hours out in the sun, for work, pleasure, fished all day, been at the beach all day and touch wood never had any problems. This may be like now get my cloths off as soon as the sun shines, this gets our skin slowly tanned, perhaps you should be like me, be healthy and tanned. Does make you feel good. Good Luck  Hi Blood in stools or urine see your doctor ASAP Make that a golden rule, always. Good Luck  Hi from what your saying is tablets, well if they work for you and without you getting any accidents, you should be safe, but do read up on the and find out there back ground. As that would be very good for you. Good Luck  Hi from what your saying is tablets, well if they work for you and without you getting any accidents, you should be safe, but do read up on the and find out there back ground. As that would be very good for you. Good Luck  Hi could be either stretched muscle or stretched or a torn a tendon. I would seek some help from a physio he/her could perhaps put a finger on to what you have done. Have you tried icing it, this would help, jus a packet of cheap frozen peas are very good for this, then just refreeze, you need to do this 3 times a day, don't forget to wrap in thin cloth. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Near wont get you a prize, to really get pregnant it needs to be inside. Sounds like stress, she's stressing her self out with the fear of being pregnant, just get to stop worrying, but if she gets her next period, she's OK. BUt you both should stop playing at sex, and she needs to be on some kind of BC, The BC Pill, The Implant, The Ring, The cap or The IUD, but not depo shot, Its the one thing to keep away from, just to many side effects. And for you even when you just playing around, one word CONDOMS, wear one, it would save all this stress. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think your find what you had, was just a rectal spasm, or Proctalgia Fugax, see it even has a name, it's just one of those things we have to live with. Good Luck  Hi This Phantom pregnancy area is to beg to cover here. But please look at this link, it covers lots of problems and can give some answers. The Link, http://www.webmd.boots.com/pregnancy/guide/false-pregnancy-pseudocyesis Also try Goodling phantom pregnancy. I do hope that you find some help. Good Luck  Hi There are many sex killers and he has 3 of them, heavy smoking, heavy drinking of alcohol and stress, sorry double stress. So can you see the answers then? he must stop drinking, get rid of the smoking, google natural ways out of stress, you should find some help there. But the drinking and smoking, this is all down to self control. But you also need to look at what he eats, if he is a fast food and junk food eater, then these also need to go, to much high salt and sugars, get him to eat healthy. These would be a good start save going for the Viagra, there are natural herbs that would be far better for him, it can be done, I did. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS, If he's on any meds some of these are also sex killers, just google each drug with ED side effects, you should find things that way.  Hi the best thing you can do is go see your doctor, get a test done there, this would be a very good place to start, and take it from there. If you don't have a doctor find a walk in mothers clinic. Good Luck  Hi, If the mother has rabies then so would the kitten, but as you never touched it, the mother that is, and the kitten did not scratch you, and after touching the cat, you washed your hands, then your OK So you can put the worry beads away, stay away from sick cats and kittens, yes we love little cute kittens, but in future just leave some food for them, and leave it at that. So enjoy Milos, enjoy the sun, get a sun tan this will make you look good and feel good. Please now relax. Good Luck, from Aristomenis Messinias, Greece  Hi, Somebody is a very silly girl then, just because he did not ejaculate, does not mean your not or could be pregnant, never heard of a condom? But you do still have a lot more stress that your carrying, the only thing you can do is wait and see, if you do miss your period, follow these bits of help. You can carry out a pregnancy test on a sample of urine from the first day of a missed period. If you're pregnant, this is about two weeks after conception. Some very sensitive pregnancy tests can be used even before you miss a period. You can do the test on urine collected at any time of the day. It doesn't have to be in the morning. Collect the urine in a clean, soap-free, well-rinsed container. Now do hope things turn out for the best, and it is just stress, the info is just help. One last thing, don't forget there is no sperm in precum or is there? Good Luck  Hi rusty, OK if your a male, it could be from over masturbating, this is a side effect from guys who do that. Its just an off the top of the head idea. Good Luck  Hi, There are quite a few risks to increased estrogen and progesterone, blood clots being the most ominous one, but in this post I want to focus on one important aspect of their influence on the body that only recently has become recognized and the one that is directly linked to fatigue. If you are taking birth control pills and feel tired, non-motivated and less interested in sex than you used to be, you might be experiencing a lack of testosterone. Historically, testosterone was considered a purely male hormone, and it was thought that bringing down its level in women could only mean a good thing (since testosterone is responsible for hairy legs and acne). However, the research in the last decade helped us understand that testosterone plays just as important role in womens well being. Even in small amount it affects such important attributes as energy, drive, motivation, ambition, athleticism and sexual libido. Oral contraceptives decrease testosterone production by ovaries via hypothalamic-pituitary axis suppression. However, probably even more significant is that over period of time, oral contraceptives induce production of a special protein (called serum hormone binding protein or SHBG) that binds testosterone and inactivates it.. Recent studies proved that women who take birth control have significantly increased levels of SHBG and decreased levels of free testosterone. This is actually the basis behind using birth control as treatment for acne (testosterone is implicated in causing acne, particularly during puberty) If she has her testosterone level checked, make sure you ask for free testosterone and not total. Also, be aware that many physicians are still reluctant to order testosterone in women and many labs only have reference range of males, as there is still some controversy about what the optimal female levels are. So see it could be her testosterone levels have droped. Hope this helps you and her. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi No, not eating enough fibre, would be a good start, eating to much fast foods and junk foods, would clog you up, even just not eating right, is not good for you. As not doing enough exercise, walking is a great way to treat your colon, and swimming is really good for you. But I do think if this is your problem, I would sit back and have good look at your life style, and take it from there. Do hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi after having a quick look at the diet, you can see why. As they say, we are what we eat, and from that just what we pass, but his gas must be the same. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think it would be best for you to go see your doctor, you really need to be looked at, we cant do that over a computer. Good Luck  Hi Just seen this bit about ribbon stools, and this tweaked something at the back of my mind. So found you this link, somehow I hope it does help. The Link, http://coloncancer.about.com/od/coloncancerbasics/a/Colon-Cancer-And-Thin-Stools.htm Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  HI It would be best if you go see a gyno for advice and help. Its about the best advice you can get. Good Luck  Hi No get to your doctor ASAP it could be that his testical has turned round, they can do that sometimes, the cord gets twisted. Good Luck  Hi See Above answer.  Hi See your doctor, see if can arrange for you to have a scan done, see what shows up. Good Luck  Hi Well if its a he, think he could be football training, if its a she, a dancer or gymnast, I just think you have to worry about, some lick more than others, its when they stop, then worry. Its just being normal. Good Luck  Hi I think your getting these problems from orgasms, orgasm included release of prostaglandins that could explain the cramps and increased bowel activity. You must be getting some real good sexual dreams, and very deep. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, If you think its moved up then you should see your doctor or GYN, let either of them look or get you an ultra sound, to make sure things are ok or if needs coming out. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK it may or may not be an STD or STI, but do yourself a favour, just get to an STD/GUM Clinic, they should be able to sort out just what your problem is. For you it should be worth the trip, the staff will help you. Good Luck  Hi OK it may or may not be an STD or STI, but do yourself a favour, just get to an STD/GUM Clinic, they should be able to sort out just what your problem is. For you it should be worth the trip, the staff will help you. Good Luck  Hi Here's a tip, they say for each 10 pounds we lose as men our penis's grow 1/2 inch, so the one goal to aim for him for you, and you for each 10 pound you lose would make your sex life far easier. So that's two ways which will help. Try this sick a couple of cushions under his rear, this will bring him up in the middle? yes, so now get on top of him and you be the master for sex, this now puts you in charge. Or doggy style but you really need to get your top half down as low as you can, from here he should be OK, puts your vagina back a bit more and shortens your vaginal tube, so he gets more in or will feel that way. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Are we talking inside or outside?  Hi Anytime you find blood in your stools get to your doctor ASAP And that is without your other pains and problems, if you have no doctor get to an ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi Having strep throat is not that bad when pregnant and the antibiotic's would not hurt your baby, as for losing some weight, should not be that bigger problem , this losing weight would only be a hic-up, with the throat problem, should soon be gained back. Good Luck   Hi Having strep throat is not that bad when pregnant and the antibiotic's would not hurt your baby, as for losing some weight, should not be that bigger problem , this losing weight would only be a hic-up, with the throat problem, should soon be gained back. Good Luck  Hi, Fungi live in air, in soil, on plants and in water. Some live in the human body. Only about half of all types of fungi are harmful. Some fungi reproduce through tiny spores in the air. You can inhale the spores or they can land on you. As a result, fungal infections often start in the lungs or on the skin. You are more likely to get a fungal infection if you have a weakened immune system or take antibiotics. Fungi can be difficult to kill. For skin and nail infections, you can apply medicine directly to the infected area. Oral antifungal medicines are also available for serious infections. So you can get a yeast infection from many sources and also remember we do carry many yeasts around on our body's as we need them. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your asleep just how do you know this goes on? Unless you have a partner telling you this, but do not worry over it for yourself, its a very natural thing we all do at some time, dont let this worry , you cant stop dreams. Good Luck  Hi So you don't need supplement breathing at low altitude levels, but husband is not keen on moving? Yes So you move down for 6 months see how it goes, if things are OK then he can come and join you, but 6 months should answer you question even if its a short time span. But could become long term. But we all need to live our lives as best we can, a life joined to an oxygen tank is not much of a life, I have a friend back in the UK with the same problem, but he is at sea level. Do hope this is some kind of the right answer. Good Luck  Hi If your worried then you should always call your doctor, even if only for a chat about your problems, from this he/she will say I will come and see you or please come in now. Was the reason for the injection that your doctor was afraid of you not going to term? Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If fact its the best thing you could do, its very healthy for you, kills all bugs around you, when this gets fixed just watch out for the bugs coming round you, the flu, people shedding the cold bugs around you. Stay cool stay healthy. Good Luck  Hi If this is something you have had for a couple of days or sometimes a bit longer, then it sounds like trapped wind. OK your either need some very strong pepper mints or some pepper mint cordial, that that very strong, the take a long walk, but when your out walking hold on to your hat if you feel your about to burp. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your find that's from putting pressure on you system, blood pressure would be the main culprit. But if your really worried go see either your doctor or optician and get some tests done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi As your result come back negative, I would say, time for you to get back in the game, and move on. Good Luck  Hi Young man, well time to be the man and tell you Mum that your having this problem and you should go see your doctor ASAP This would be the best thing for you. If need be, show this to your Mum. Good Luck  Hi In that case none, just try and put the whole thing out of your mind, if you stress over things will just pill up on you, stress levels will rise then you end up on drugs to calm you down, so just relax and forget about it. But if your going to carry on the way you are its not going to be long till your having unprotected sex, then you be in trouble, so do you think its time you thought of some kind of BC, the Pill, the Implant, the Ring, the Cap, IUD. But please keep away from depo shot, it comes with to many side effects. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As we cant see you, do you think this is from your stance, no doubt you have seen and my have been doing it yourself, its ok I'm pregnant, so you tend to take on the pregnant stance, pushing your tummy out, even when you were not showing a lump, now was this you? Well if so its your own fault, you have put such a strain on your back, its now paying you back, by giving you such a back ache, the best thing you can do is just stand straight, try and walk straight, you should find that this will ease your pain. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi As this is becoming more frequent, the its about time to get to your doctor, your find its very important to do this, And to save time try and take a sample with you. Good Luck  Hi There tape worms, you need worming tablets from your vets, and only get them from him, over the counter tab from a pets shop although cheaper don't work, please your vet will be best. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Carol, Perhaps you need some good sex to get a release, sounds like you in need of some orgasms. This pain the feels like you need to go could also be a build up of a female ejaculation or squirting, but be careful if you let this go, put a towel under you first, its something a lot of women cant do, but from reading about for some not as good as an orgasm. Perhaps if you did, that the pain may just go away, as you would be releasing the pressure. Hope you understand this, and hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi Trapped wind will only, you must get rid of it, that's why people use strong peppermint, if not get some really strong mints and suck them. Good Luck  Hi Being a naturist I do know what you mean, but just a quick hand wash with some liquid soap dose it for me, only takes a minute job done. Or you could have a special wash cloth handy. Hope this helps you and your son. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi For one, we are what we eat, this Metamuci for one is a high fibre treatment and this will make you stools float, just the same as any good high fibre food, as for shape who cares, as long as your going regular then things are OK Good Luck  Hi Have your tried icing it, this would be a great help, should help bring the swelling down, if its the end of her finger, she may lose the nail, but don't worry it will grow back. When it comes to icing it try using iced water and keep her finger in that, apart from pain killer for the rest of the day and tonight, once she gets past this, she will just have to live with it. It may go some funny colours, till it gets really dark once you see the colour going back to normal, your know things are getting better. But keep an eye on her nail, try some kind of muscle rub on it, for me being English, it would be deep heat or counter pain are two we use. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Get to an ER asap, you may need a clean out stools can go hard and very hard for you to pass, if they think you have a problem they will move it for you. Good Luck  Hi It seems day 14 is ovulation day no matter how long your period is, but also with this it can be give or take a day. But if your trying to get pregnant please just wait till things get settled, the length of time this takes all depends how long you was on BC, not being a party pooper, but you could be looking a year to get it right Hope this helps? no, but that's life on the good old BC. Good Luck  Hi Forget the zit cream, the zit has been and gone, just make sure all the puss has gone, then just salt water wash it, if you think its unsightly, just wear a dry plaster on it, it should if you don't put anymore cream on heal and go away in a couple of days. Good Luck  Hi Sounds just like trapped wind, get yourself some very strong peppermints or some peppermint cordial, take this on the strong side, this should shift it, but hold on to your hat when it gets out. Your find its best, when you take what ever, go for a long walk. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Questions, How long has this been going on? Is that at a certain time of the day? Do you get wind? Have you noticed any thing in your stools? If you do have worms you would see them in your stools, and first thing in the morning you wake up do your fill anything round you anus? this would make wont to scratch. But if you eat a high fibre diet then this feeling could just wind moving round you gut. Hope this helps you, but please come back with some answers. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi From info I can find what you have is for the menopause , BC Pills can not be brought over the counter, you will need to see a doctor, and take it from there to get your BC pills. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS You must remember your now in Europe, thing are a bit different, its just the same for us we moved to Greece from the UK, so just take a deep breath and start again with a doctor.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi And there is another side to this, you both could be a sexual miss match, so if after 2 years you have nothing, then if it goes further and still nothing, don't think there is much of a future. But first a question, just how far have the two of you gone with sex, or has it been a complete blank when it comes to sex not even any touching from him or from you, how does he react to sexual touching, to you or to him? If its nothing, and you want a sexual relationship, then I think its time for a split, but do sit with him and tell him why. Good Luck  Hi For this to happen to any healthy man, then you must be straining, if your trying to keep to some kind of time table and think you must at a certain time gto, then stop now, you go when you body feels like going and only then. Other wise your just putting your bowls under strain, and this wont do them any good, when your bowls need to be emptied try doing it relaxed. If you don't the one thing you will end up with is a prolapsed bowl. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think you should pop off to the ER or your doctor, and get put on a course of antibiotics, sounds like it has infected you, this is what happens when we try to be friendly with stray cats, always keep this in mind, you never own a cat it owns you, a cat has to like you and trust you for a long time before it will befriend you, but of course feeding it will help, they will trust you but only at arms length, it takes a lot for a cat to be tamed. But do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Look Don't no why, but if you was urinating and passing motions at the same time, I have had the same thing even collapsed with it, both times for me was middle of the night, I think you find its from doing both bodily functions at the same time, our body's are not built to do that, confuses the brain, and away we go. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi We all have a pulse in the right side of our necks, you may have a swollen gland that's giving you some discomfort. I would get off and see your doctor, just to be on the safe side. Good Luck  Hi If your doing heavy work, seems you may have strained something, and sounds like it gets a bit better then you do it again, if at this time your having your problem it would be best if you take a sick break, see your doctor, some tens treatment may help with the healing, and ice packs three times a day will help, both of these will attract extra blood around the strain and this aids healing. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try cutting down on fibre, eat more fruit and vegetables, drink lots of water. You should find that this softens you stools and get things out better. Good Luck  Hi I think its about time you went to an ER, sounds like you may have broken something. Good Luck  Hi Well it sounds like he has diarrhoea and sickness. keep him off any foods for the next 24 hours, just liquids, after the 24 hours just some very light foods like scrambled egg, custard, anything else but keep it light for a couple of days. After this he should just pick himself up, and eat better. Good Luck  Hi As its not passed in 4 days I would get to your ER, and get that checked out, but they might tell it will pass, just take this. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like when you slipped, you have torn a muscle, these are just one of these things, that just happen, best to just give it time to heal, it will if but slowly. Rest is best. Good Luck  Hi Depending or how often you have bowel movements then it could be just the odd kernel that has got left behind, the only real way to have found out would have been to extract one, yes I mean play with you poo, it would have been the only way. So if you find another one do that and take to you doctor, or the whole thing. Good Luck  Hi I think in 5 days it should have passed, just give it another 24 hours then of to the ER, he will need that x-ray to be on the safe side. Or do another search. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, You need to get to an ER ASAP. Good Luck  Hi I think your find that this RSI, repetitive strain injury more than carpal tunnel syndrome, a good way to tell if its CPS is if you wake up and you fingers are in a clench and takes time for them to open, or you get pin and needles in your fingers when you hand is at rest with your fingers clenching again, if your not getting that, then I think your finds RSI, you may find your in need of wrist and hand support and probably rest and icing would help. By icing this would bring extra blood into the area, a frozen pack of peas wrapped in a thin cloth placed on the back of your hand should help and give some relief. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just, if she is in pain right now try your local ER, perhaps they can do some tests that your doctor would not do. This could help her as its a Saturday. Good Luck  Hi It seems that you have picked the perfect place in Arizona, nice warm and dry, it should do you well. Good Luck  Hi, Could be you have a hole in your bowel its called a fisyula, if so you should seek help from your doctor, or get to an ER ASAP for help. Good Luck  Hi Tinnitus, is the only thing that comes to mind, get to your doctor, let him/her take it from there. Good Luck  Hi As its been going on for a couple of weeks, I think it could wait till this appointment you have, a side effect of Prilosec, is stomach pains, so just go easy on it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Try taken a couple of table spoons of olive oil a day, could do you good, its also very good for you body. Just googel taken two table spoon of olive oil a day, you find lots of info, but as your constipated try doing this first thing in the morning and last thing at night, till things get back to normal then cut back to once a day. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Google this, natural ways out of anxiety, by doing this you could come off your drugs, and by doing that your be doing your body a big favour. When you look through these just pick a path you think that would be best for you, don't mix them up. You could even try meditation as a way out of it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I think it would be best if you wait till your last stitch's have either dissolved or taken out, the problem in some women in orgasm can big an explosive thing, and could do you more harm than good. An orgasm is good for both women and men, but in your case at this moment, you just need to sit on the urge, could be 2 to 3 more weeks, but end of the day its your body, it should tell you when its ready, you need to listen to it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your getting sore, then it means you need lubrication, could also mean you are not making enough of your own lubrication, it can happen some women go through there whole lives not being able to, so your not alone. If your still sore just do this get some sea salt put a couple of handfuls in a warm bath just let your vagina soak in the and let the water get in side you vagina, its very good at soothing your soreness away, give it a couple of days then try again, but slowly at first, lots of lubrication. There's lots you can choose from, water based or silicon based, if your body can take it there's baby oil or olive oil, but don't use them with condoms, it tends to eat big holes in them, at last there is coconut oil(extra virgin) and last almond oil, this is favoured by Dr Betty Dodson, try her site as well for masturbation, its www.dodsonandross.com . Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Look to his diet. Increase his fiber and avoid all antihistamines.  It sounds like you have an inner ear infection. I would go see an ENT to see if there is an antibiotic treatment or if surgery is needed since this is recurring.  It is probably not gout, if it were gout it would be swelling in one particular area like the base of the big toe. It could possibly be athletes foot, but I would try to see a podiatrist or even possibly a dermatologist. I wouldnt try any more home remedies, that might be increasing the irritation.  The ball of my foot, just under my toes, felt like I had been stung by a bee. My doctor said it was related to the arthritis in my toes, which weakens your joints. My big toe began to turn toward my other toes causing a "hammer toe"  Did you take your temperature to see if your body temp is lower than the room temp and by how much?  change your diet, start eating more fiber. 24 grams per day. sunflower seeds are great for fiber. and you don't want to eat too much of one thing, then you get an inconsistent stool. that might also account for your nails. the tooth decay is just... you need to brush your teeth more often. go see a dentist and get your teeth fixed and then start brushing them and keeping them clean. the jaw popping could be related to the under-bite. you're gonna want to get braces maybe. if you're losing your hair, that may not be a big deal. if it comes out in the brush that's normal. if its like you go to wash your hair and it starts falling out like on the grudge you may wanna get checked out.  Hello snick1899, First, you should get evaluated for possible serious injury or pathology. You need also to rule out a spinal disc bulge or herniation at the level and region of your symptoms. This is possibly a musculoskeletal straining injury that has not been allowed to heal sufficiently. If you don't get this professionally treated, try an over-the-counter anti-inflammatory medication regimen for about 5 days, following instructions and warnings carefully on the product. Longer use of pain relievers warrants a physician evaluation. Just as important is limiting physical activity for a couple of weeks to give sensitive strained chest-wall muscles, ligaments, and cartilage a chance to fully heal; also the possible thoracic spinal disc injury. You probably keep aggravating the healing process, undermining your return to good health. I currently am dealing with pain and spasms similar to what you describe, and while it is very difficult to avoid activities, I am determined, as you might do, to properly rest, take OTC anti-inflammatory medication, and recover fully. Best of luck (and self-restraint).  can you still move the joint, without having to help it with your arms?if no seek professional help. Is there any irregularities when you move it, like grinding or severe sensations? if yes, seek professional help. Is there minor swelling? try to take a anti inflammatory, and use cold compress on the knee. elevate the leg above your heart, especially when inactive for periods of time. usually the swelling may cause a lack of circulation, that may cause the tingling sensation like when your foot falls asleep. Monitor the injury, as if it seems to get worse always seek professional help. Its always easier to treat then to repair an injury.  nerve pain such as a pinched nerve in the spine  I also wanted to mention there is almost no bruising just some VERY SLIGHT discoloration.  I have the same problem. Did you ever get an answer? I got my copper IUD about 2 months ago and I have noticed cramping around my uterus as my bowel movement begins and the pain goes away after the bowel has passed. This is such a weird topic but I am a little worried because I never had a problem w/ cramps and BM before the IUD.  No, the eardrums DO NOT MOVE OUT OF PLACE. They are fixed in position and stay right there! They can, however, retract (be sucked in) or bulge depending on the middle ear pressure, but they sure do not move out of place.  A change in climate can certainly be a factor for a heat rash.  I have lots of ideas, but ideas are NOT diagnoses. You cannot make a blind diagnosis over the Internet, based solely on a vague description of "bumps", let alone recommend a treatment. The ONLY way that you can have these bumps properly diagnosed is to see a medical professional. Once there is a definitive diagnosis, you can then...and only, then....discuss treatments. The bumps could be hemorrhoids....skin tags....warts (condylomata)...or ? There are numerous possibilities. Because you are also having problems with defecation, this is another reason to see a medical professional.  It would only cause "sniffles" if those sniffles were to do environmental allergies, like pollens or molds. Allergies can last a long....long time, so it would not be possible to make a general prediction on the duration of symptoms. Cold breezes, open windows will NOT cause colds. Colds are caused by viruses and viruses last about a week.  Skin is skin...in most cases, the location doesn't matter when it is treated. Use a good moisturizer or even some over-the-counter hydrocortisone cream and I am sure it will help. I don't think it is from "too much bile".  I would suggest that you see your medical provider so that you can have your rectum examined, or have a flat-plate x-ray of your abdomen. No bowel movement for a week would seem to indicate a possible stool impaction, but your comment about the anal area being obstructed concerns me that you could have a foreign body (do you think this is possible?) or even a rectal prolapse. Even if you are carefully examined a week ago, it would be good to be re-examined. Something is amiss....  Yes...you need a medical evaluation. You may have had trauma to your kidney or bladder. Save money some other ways, but do avoid seeking a proper medical evaluationj for abdominal discomfort and hematuria.  Yes, you should be concerned. This common behavior is called stool-holding , as she desperately tries not to have a bowel movement, for whatever reason (inconvenience, pain on defecation, memory of past discomfort on defecation, etc.) See her pediatrician so she can be properly examined to make sure there are no medical reasons for this behavior. There are stool softeners and behavior techniques that can be started to help her through this challenging time.  Obviously, I have no way of examining you, but one possibility would be a condylomata acumitum (a venereal wart). So, yes, this could be an STD to see your medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  Changing the consistency of your stools by eating more fiber could conceivably eliminate your hygiene issue. Firmer stools are not sticky or adherent. As far as that final paper work is concerned, go for 100%, even if you have a take a shower. Some people will buy and install a bidet, and washing basin that is designed for this very purpose. Use commercially-available moistened wipes will make your job a bit easier and perhaps, more thorough. If you find that you are leaking stool after a bowel movement, it would be good to see a colorectal specialist (not your primary care provider) for higher-level examination.  Just eat less. A person cannot really gain weight (fat) unless there is an excess of calories going in, and not enough calorie expenditure going out. Just eating an extra 500 calories a day can result in a one pound weight GAIN per week, so just eat a bit more sensibly, reduce your calorie intake....and keep on walking. You will get it in control again.  In America, each state has the right and privilege of setting their own laws or regulations, and this includes regulations related to the practice of medicine, pharmacy, dentistry, or nursing.  This is most likely age-related, behavioral cause. I have no way of blindly determining if his issues are related to an underlying medical problem, since I don't know anything about him, nor can I examine him in a clinical setting. There are many behavior pathways that you can exercise, but if you feel there may be a medical problem, then by all means, see the pediatrician. This will resolve in time, so be patient. You will be able to find plenty of on-line and bookstore resources that can help you with these sleep issues.  The moving sensation could be gas....or stool that is slowing moving through your colon. The intestines and stomach do move because of smooth muscles.  The only way to know conclusively if you broke your thumb is to have an x-ray.  This may be normal seminal fluid (from the prostate). A bowel movement can "milk" a small amount of this fluid from the prostate gland as it passes. Assuming you are not having any penile discharge associated with a sexually-transmitted infection, or have signs of prostatitis (prostate infection), this should not be an issue.  It could be the soap you are using in the shower, or you just have atopic dermatitis (a dry skin condition). There are prescription creams and ointments that can be prescribed by your medical provider if your over the counter efforts are not helping. Yeast can occur on the skin anywhere on the body, but I would have no idea, based on your description alone, if yeast is an underlying culprit. This problem has been going on for months now. See a dermatologist or your primary care provider.....less expensive than moving to Canada.  This is called a cremesteric reflex. It is not something you can control.  A boil or abscess can occur ANYWHERE on your body's skin surface. Without an examination, I would have no way of knowing if this self-diagnosed boil is related to your bowel movements or not, so I would strongly suggest that you see a medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  No, you really don't have to move to improve your arthritis. Your arthritis should be able to be managed quite well no matter where you live, but you may need to see a rheumatologist to lend a professional hand.  Yes....you may have an anal fissure (a tear). Please see your medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  Your description is really not sufficient for me to even make a wild guess. I don't know your baby's age or the location of these lumps, and obviously, I have no way of feeling/examining them to give you a definitive answer. Any chance that they are related to the vaccine administrations (on the upper thigh area). Children often bleed a tiny bit under the skin from the injection. This area can form a tiny, innocent lump that can take a while to self-resolve.  I have no way of assessing the severity of your injury over the Internet, nor predict if you will get a subsequent injury. In order to get those answers, you would need to be examined first-hand (no pun intended) by a medical professional, and perhaps, have an x-ray of your hand to rule out a subtle fracture.  This is the location of the inguinal lymph nodes, however it will take an examination to confirm this. Lymph nodes can react (enlarge or become tender) in response to infections or inflammation in their local neighborhood. There are other causes of lumps (like sebaceous cysts, lipomas, etc.), so I encourage you to get it checked out.  Based solely on your description and the information in your posting, I would guess that this was just an undigested seed. Many seeds will pass through the GI tract and emerge like this. I don't think this was a parasite or have anything to do with that caterpillar on the celery. I suspect this may be the list time you see these things, unless of course, you eat sesame seeds again.  You will need to be examined. You may have a hemorrhoid or even a perianal abscess. There is no way for you to be adequately diagnosed unless you have an examination, so put on some clean underwear, make an appointment with a medical provider, and get your answer....and the proper medical treatment.  Bright red blood is almost always coming from the distal parts of the GI tract, namely the rectum or anal area. The blood can be from a polyp (again), a hemorrhoid (internal or external), an anal fissure (tiny tear that opens when you have a BM), or ? There is no way to be sure "what is going on" unless you see your medical provider and have the source of this blood determined by an exam. This is too important to just guess.  There is always a possibility of a fracture when you have a crush injury. The only way you will be sure is to have it x-rayed. If you don't have any fractures....great, but if you do, it is going to require a different treatment plan. The sooner you know FOR SURE, the better.  You will need to have this hard, fixed lump properly examined. An axillary lymph node is certainly a possibility, and hard, fixed nodes are concerning. Sebaceous cysts can also mimic nodes.  Just get him to drink more....not just milk (which can be constipating in some children). The lack of bowel movement is not concerning as long as he is acting fine. When you are not drinking sufficient fluids, the body actually pulls water from the colon to use (not the bladder). There may not be any "extra" fluid for him to urinate, so this is why you need to really encourage good hydration today. Signs of dehydration in children would include dry eyes (no tears) and a dry mouth (no saliva). If he has wet eyes and mouth, you can just hang in there a bit longer and see if increased fluids today will help. Popsicles, commercially-available electrolyte solutions, Jello, ice chips, etc. all can entice a toddler to hydrate.  There is really no medical way to suppress sexual desire -- a normal human response -- no more that you can permanently suppress hunger or the need to urinate. There are drugs that can curtain the production of testosterone, but I would not see any medical provider giving this to you to suppress your sexual desires. Just because you have the desire in no way compels you to have sex if you don't want to. Having a castration would control desire, but again, I would think this would be wrong....very wrong. Perhaps it would be best for you to seek some counseling.  She should address this issue with her OB; someone who knows her case and someone that can examine her today.  Sometimes. This is called "referred ear pain". Because of the muscle connection from your neck to the area behind your ear (the mastoid area), pain in this sternocleidomastoid muscle can cause pain to be referred to the ear. Pain can also be referred to the ear from problems in the mouth, TMJ, lymph nodes, salivary glands, and throat, so if you are having problems in any of those areas, please see your medical provider so you can be properly examined. Don't forget that ear pain can also be a problem IN the ear, too!  I really have no way of determining if you are still pregnant...you need an ultrasound today. The sense of fetal movement (usually not even felt early in a pregnancy at all) could be from another source or reason, assuming you did, indeed, have a miscarriage. My heart goes out to you.... On a weekend, you are probably going to need to go to the ER, or perhaps you OB can meet you at his/her office or the hospital to properly examine you.  THC will not likely be detected in a routine urine test; only a specific drug screen. Whether it will show up in your body from someone else smoking marijuana in a vehicle (and NOT you) is iffy....it depends on the sensitivity of the drug screen and the amount you may have innocently inhaled.  I think you are talking about PROSTATITIS -- a prostate infection/inflammation that can have many causes. The treatment depends on the presumed cause and the severity of your condition, so it would not be wise to self-treat this problem. See a urologist so you can be properly examined, expertly diagnosed, and treated based on those findings.  No...they are two, very different body systems, even though they live in the same, general neighborhood.  I suspect that she does know she is peeing in her pants during the day. She just doesn't care. She is busy playing and it is just easier to pee than interrupt what you are doing. So, it back to square one with some remedial training. If she understands money, give her a bag of quarters and tell her that she can keep all of the ones that are left at the end of the week...BUT, if she pees in her pants, she has to pay YOU two of the quarters (you can up the price as the training continues). Soon, she will get the idea. You will need to remind her to pee at least every hour or two, so set the timer on the stove to buzz when it is time for her to go pee. If she does, give her a quarter for her bag. Good luck.  I can't really answer that question as to why you do this, since each persons' response to danger or scary situations would be different. Some people scream....some faint....you take the chance of soiling your pants. What concerns me is this reaction when you hear a loud phone or misplace your keys.....this is NOT normal, so I strongly suggest that you see your medical provider first to make sure there is nothing physically wrong, and then see a good counselor to help you better control this reaction. In the meantime, it would be wise to avoid these stressful situations,  If the gender role was reversed and a man was writing, "Should I dump my girlfriend because she won't have sex?", how would you respond. Sex is the deepest and most intimate form of communication, but don't forget about talking. Ask him? Just because he is a guy, does not mean he is a horn-dog. He may have some deep concerns, fear of STDs, fear of pregnancy, performance fears, impotence, shy about his body, or even, a fear of intimacy. There could be religious reasons, too. If your relationship has lasted two years, there is something there. Ask him if he would be willing to have Couples Counseling. See if a third-party can break the ice.  Call the doctor again today. I don't know which antibiotic or dosage she is on, but if she is getting worse, she may need a stronger dose....or a different antibiotic.  The source will need to be found, so you will need to see a medical provider for an examination. It could be a fissure (a tiny tear in the anal area), a hemorrhoid (internal or external), a polyp, or ?  I can't examine your ear over the Internet, but I suspect your olive oil-based ear drops have softened/liquefied your ear wax to the point where you now have a complete blockage lying against your eardrum. If you are not having any ear pain or signs of an ear infection, you can safely wash out your ear with a gentle stream of warm water (you can use an ear syringe or the shower). This will likely dislodge this waxy mass and your hearing will be miraculously improved. Do NOT use Q-tips, or you will pack the wax in more tightly.  Gonorrhea is one of the main causes of PID (Pelvic Inflammatory Disease), and yes, this can be very painful. You need to be under the on-going care of a primary care medical provider or gynecologist until this STD has been cured. Without the ability to examine you first-hand, it would not be possible to determine the cause or significance of the pain you are experiencing now. Only the medical provider who is treating you and has examined you can make that important call.  It would be highly unlikely for her to get pregnant in the way you described (assuming you are telling the whole story). You and your girlfriend are playing with fire, so to speak. If you keep up with this risky sex-play that tends to escalate over time, there could be an unintentional pregnancy in your future. If you are sexually involved, it is time for you BOTH to get serious about contraception. Why not use a condom when you are playing around? Should your sexual practice progress (and they usually do), make sure that she is also using an effective contraceptive as well. The only sure-fire contraception is abstinence, and you are definitely not practicing that, so be smart.  Dizziness (vertigo) is a very complex medical condition with hundreds of different causes, involving nearly every body system. It is very important for you to see a medical provider as soon as possible so that you can be properly evaluated, diagnosed, and treated.  There can be hundreds of reasons for a child to have an headache (not an exaggeration), so it would not be possible to get a handle on the reason based solely on the content of your brief inquiry. Since this has been going on for MONTHS now and severe, it would be in his best interest to have a thorough examination and some diagnostic tests. Migraines, just one type of a severe headache, can occur in children. Now, he has a low grade fever. This may have nothing to do with his headaches since many things can cause fevers as well, but it will take a hands-on examination to make that important association. He needs a diagnostic work-up, starting with his primary care provider or with a pediatric neurologist.  It could be a serious problem if you ignore the symptoms, so it would be wise to see a medical provider and have a proper examination. A common cause would be an anal fissure - a tiny tear in the ring of the anus. This is common in people who strain for bowel movements, or who are prone to constipation. Hemorrhoids are another possibility. Less-common, but possible, would simply be peri-anal irritation caused by a bacterial or yeast infection. Rather than worry about the cause or wonder if you have something serious, take the very next important step: See a medical provider and know for sure.  You cannot accurately diagnose a rotator cuff tear by symptoms alone, and certainly not as a self-diagnosis. Even your doctor may have difficulty unless an MRI is ordered. Take it from someone who had a rotator cuff tear....You need to see a good orthopedist and probably, need to have imaging studies (like an MRI).  No, it is safe and a common treatment for constipation in children.  Your grandmother may have Menieres disease, a type of vertigo that comes in attacks like you are describing. People also experience nausea, vomiting, and temporary hearing loss when this occurs. The next time that she goes to the doctor who is treating her vertigo, you may want to confirm or clarify the diagnosis. Not all form of vertigo are triggered by movements, so this may be what she has. If she does have Menieres, this can be a very difficult condition to treat, and nearly impossible to cure. Medical management can help, but at age 85, medicines can have more side effects than benefits. Her doctor will need to be very conservative.  Liver cancer is a complication of hepatitis C. Hepatitis C is a virus and can be transmitted, but cancer is not really a virus.....certain cancer types can be caused by a virus. Another example would be the HPV virus causing cervical cancer. It would be possible to get hepatitis from another person.  The ER doctor may be correct, since inner ear disorders are really high on the diagnostic possibilities. Most care cause by viruses that are self-limiting, so if you can hang in there another week or so, it may resolve. If not, your doctor should send ot you an ENT specialist -- one that specializes in inner ear problems (neurotologist) for a higher-level diagnostic work-up. This may include an MRI and a variety of inner ear diagnostic tests.  Oraquick? I am not sure what this test is, or what it tests for. Sorry.  Black stools can be a sign of gastrointestinal bleeding (melena)....OR it can be a sign of someone taking Pepto Bismol for their loose bowel movements (the bismuth causes the stool to turn black). If you are not taking Pepto Bismol, you need to contact your medical provider to determine if you have a gastric (stomach) bleed, like from an ulcer.  A dermatologist would be a good choice....their specialty is skin, and many of them will do office procedures, assuming this growth needs to be removed. Many primary care providers will do this, too, but you will need to talk to your own to see if this is something he or she will see. This can be many things, including a retained foreign body (like a splinter).  I don't think that the penny will cause in corrosive response, but it is concerning that it is still in the stomach and has not travelled to the intestinal tract after 10 days. At some point in the near future, if the penny still remains in the stomach, it may need to be removed under sedation using a gastroscope.  Yes, any strain has the potential to cause an inguinal hernia, from lifting weights, certain exercises, and yes, even straining for a bowel movement. Often, it is repeated strains over time that cause an already weakened inguinal canal to fail, but it could be one, unfortunately event that does it. If you are feeling or seeing a bulge in the groin area or scrotum, it is best to see your medical provider to be properly examined and diagnosed. Inguinal hernias can be easily and permanently fixed with an outpatient, minimally-invasive surgery.  The calorie loss during the natural act of defecation would be close to zero, unless of course, you are having considerable constipation and straining.  Any discharge from the penis should be considered suspicious and be properly evaluated. If this cloudy discharge only occurs during a bowel movement, or straining (constipation?) then one possible cause could be prostatitis - a prostate gland infection or problem. You need to see your primary care medical provider or a urologist to be properly diagnosed and treated.  If you suspect that the injury was capable of breaking a bone, then yes. An xray is really the only way to conclusively determine if you have a fracture or not. Without the ability to examine you hand first-hand, this is really the best advise I can offer. A description is really not sufficient to make that call.  I don't know....I don't know that age of the baby or what the baby is eating (breast milk? Formula? Solids?) ! And, I am sure you meant "bowel" movement.  You are too embarrassed to see a medical professional? Why? This is their job and this prolapse can be fixed! Make an appointment with a good (female) gynecologist. The best and permanent fix involves some surgery, but in the meantime, a pessary (a device ithat can be inserted in your vagina to hold back this prolapsed tissue) may help.  Maybe. All branches of that facial nerve may not be affected. Don't "self-diagnose" this disorder. See a medical provider right away since prompt treatment can really improve the outcome of Bells palsy or other facial nerve disorders.  We have a saying in medicine: Gone is Good. Now that your pain has completely resolved, it is debatable whether a hands-on medical visit would reveal the true cause. It is really up to you whether to seek care or not.  You could try increasing the amount of FIBER in your diet during the day (along with plenty of water). Avoid eating a large meal at night; have a larger breakfast and lunch. Your bowels are basically waking up before you want, so this would be my best suggestion for a natural solution.  Before you think of something like pancreatitis, check simpler solutions like a bacterial infection. Meanwhile, keep hydrated, and eat bland foods, and get plenty of rest. Dry crackers will help absorb fluid. The unabsorbed food is probably being caused by your body rushing your food through your system too fast.  Could it be a swollen gland that just makes it feel like your adam's apple has moved? Your larynx is pretty firmly attached and you would be having debilitating pain and great difficulty breathing if it had moved.  Okay, so seven years ago I experienced a bleed. I learned several things. 1. the most common symptoms of a stroke don't necessarily show up. I my case, I had chugged Mountain Dew and followed it with a Red Bull chaser. Then I was exercising. I never felt dizzy, didn't have any ringing in my ears, didn't even feel tired. When I stopped exercising my right side skin was not feeling anything. I had no tingling, no loss of controlled motion, no loss of vision, didn't feel hot or cold just couldn't feel the skin on my right side. This confused me and so stupidly I drove home to put my bike away, and my laptop in the house. I was lucky nothing more happened on the way home. I went to the hospital and they did an MRI. My blood pressure was high but not extremely high, it had probably dropped by then. 2. my doctor, a neurologist, told me that he couldn't see a cause for the stroke/bleed. When I relayed to him that I drank Mountain Dew and Red Bull, he told me that there have been teenagers and college students who have suffered both death and bleeds after exercising after the same drinks. 3. You are not safe to drive for at least a year after a bleed or stroke as your brain will attempt to reset your nerves. During one such brain reset I was talking to a friend who was sitting next to me at the start of the conversation. I went into a brain reset mid sentence and was gone for 10 minutes. When I came out of it I finished the sentence and was surprised to see my friend standing in the kitchen talking to 911. I had neglected to warn him about the brain reset. 4. Clot and bleed strokes are different. With the current medications a clot can be treated/helped with immediate medications. A bleed however can't really be treated as the only treatment is to give clotting medication which would cause a clot stroke. Bleed strokes vary in degrees mine was medium. Blood is not good on nerves and can cause many side effects. 5. I also learned that we are all wired differently. My bleed was right above my medulla oblongata (the part of the brain that performs the autonomic functions). The neurologist did not believe, based on where my bleed was, that I should be in any condition but comatose. 6. The heeling process is variable. The neurologist told me that he had a patient who had 10 times my bleed area and he was completely recovered within two weeks. He had another one that had a bleed 1/10th the size of mine and has been right side crippled for 30 years. Another patient was crippled for 15 years and woke up one morning with all the symptoms gone. I was hopeful. 7. Where I'm at now, I can tell I lost some of my learning capacity but I'm working on that. The feeling has partially returned on the right side, but my right leg is in constant pain, the pain you feel when a limb goes numb and is coming back to life. No pain meds fix stop it. I've lost my ability to tell when I'm hungry, to tell when I'm full, and to remember what a food tastes like. I can remember if I liked it or not. On the bright side, good food tastes really good, every time and I can eat my favorite foods all week long without getting bored. However, I have to be very portion controlled or I'll turn into a pumpkin. In addition, I have to eat at the same time during the day or I forget to eat. 8. My advice: If you have numbness in any part of your body, and it persists after movement, assume, it's a stroke or a bleed and seek help. Restrict your driving after having a stroke, or better yet don't drive at all. 9. My advice to friends and family: Let your stroked/bleed person do everything that they can do, because, it really is true, if you don't use you can lose it. So a few broken plates won't matter in the end, but a persons spirit can be crushed by over protectiveness.  From past experience, MAKE AN APPOINTMENT WITH YOUR ORTHOPEDIST. In the meantime, I used an old remedy for swelling. I used BC or Standback powders. Amazingly, it helped with both the pain and swelling without heavily addictive prescription drugs. Use ice packs day and night (put ice in a zip lock bag to avoid spillage/leakage). Ankle needs to be slightly elevated. Avoid putting pressure on the ankle because it will cause further damage. If you don't have crutches or a walker borrow them. Your objective is to protect that ankle. Again, get in to see your doctor first or get to an emergency room. All meds don't work for everybody, so get that appointment ASAP!!  Definitely sounds like it could be an ulcer. I'd talk to your parents and get to the doctor.  If you have any doubt of getting pregnant, you can use ipill within 36 hrs of having intercourse. Since that time has bared, Take pregnancy strip test for confirming about your pregnancy.  i also have a loss of appetite  I can only state that after having lumpnodes removed from breast cancer did I have the same feelings. Don't scare your sister but has she had a mamogram recently. The armpit though most forgotten has a lot to give.  Sounds like you hit your "funny bone". More than one "funny bone" in the body. The arm & hand are so connected or maybe you might have put some undo pressure on a nerve on your arm or shoulder. At 39 get use to having changing in our lives, though interesting, makes life a challenge. Not yet middle age but stop moaning when you stand or can you still stand on your head? Enjoy life and exercise more. It's life!  Cory, what could you possibly think it was? Brain tumor?  What is more interesting is that you took time to post the injury,  Slip & Fall? The big question whose stairs did you fall down? Thank goodness no broken bones. Pictures, I hope, and call the doctor need more of something................. when is the follow up and do the follow up. Watch out with the "drugs" stuff not necessary. If it hurts get what you need and why did you fall?  OMG, why have you not gone to a doctor. The male organ can be maniputled so easily. It is extremely important that you seek a physican as soon as possible. The male organ has many functions besides sex. One must pee. Please go and see a doctor as soon as possible. Just because it is outside the body doesn't mean it has only one function. Please, I beg you go to a doctor and be honest about what is going on!  WOW, fell on your bum and wonder why it hurts. The tailbone is a small little bone right above your butt and can be broken at anytime, such as falling on it or giving birth. It takes time to heal, though a little bone it is a bone and needs a little special treatment. Sitting helps, maybe a hot bath for this baby bone and the feet hurt because your baby bone needs to sit down for a while. Take care of the baby bone holds the buns and we love them.  After 4 days, I know this has been resolved for now, but it might happen again. This kind of thing happens to me very frequently, and what I do is - you're not going to like this - try to trigger my gag reflex, not to vomit, but just to launch the obstructing piece of food from my throat. Try to force a cough and use your throat muscles; nature should do the rest. Just try not to aspirate (breathe in) the obstruction! If this just happened the once, things should be okay. But for some people, including me, this kind of thing is almost a daily occurrence. In that case, not only is choking to death a danger, so is a condition that can lead to esophageal cancer if untreated: Barrett's Esophagus, caused by erosive GERD, where the cells lining the esophagus change to resemble stomach lining cells instead. Having Scleraderma can also predispose a person to developing Barrett's. (I knew three people with Scleraderma; one is still alive and she chokes frequently.) If GERD is not corrected (such as by taking Prevacid or Prilosec), this can result in Barrett's Esophagus, the dangerous pre-cancerous condition mentioned above. A gasteroenterologist can tell for sure if this is present by biopsying the lining of the esophagus during a panendoscopy. During mine, my gastroenterologist stretched my esophagus slightly with an instrument designed to inflate inside it, under anesthesia. This can help to prevent choking episodes, but it can only be done once or twice.  There are positive possibility that you can be pregnant. But nothing can be said for sure, as there is a lot more needed to know to answer. If you wish you can use home pregnancy test kit to know your pregnancy.  Soma or Carisoprodol is a generic drug and is used for the treatment of muscle pain and muscle injury. It is used by the person who is suffering from muscle sprain and pain. You can from chemist shop or online at TopDrugMart dot com.  withdrawal is always hard. One thing that will help is to make sure you get exercise. Go for a long walk and get you r mind of the symptoms, ( you have to make yourself do this. when your withdrawing you wont want to). also make sure you are hydrating.  Looking young and radiant in your 30s is simple if you use sunscreen daily and moisturize your skin with vitamin A, C, and E. Remember to lightly exfoliate daily with an alpha-hydroxy acid, and to perform a weekly scrub. Try to minimize your stress and the facial expressions associated with stress, like wrinkling between your eyebrows. At home, put a piece of scotch tape there, and monitor how much you frown. If it's often, begin training yourself not to.  I think you're pretty lucky I have a condition called fibromyalgia and all I feel is pain all the time all over my body different kinds of pains its horrible so honestly maybe it's a blessing maybe something happens later in your life that your now prepared for. also you can think of yourself as a superhero because you can do things other people can't. Also your problem could be short term trauma to spinal cord but only took out pain receptors. Unfortunately with any kind of trauma its always undetermined heal time because each one is different so that means it could be a day or 50 years. I think if you feel good exercise your entire body, like bike riding and it may come back on its on. Try and enjoy no pain. I wish I couldn't feel emotional pain..lol. probably should have started with all the last stuff huh. Sorry about that. Good luck and enjoy life.  Try using mineral oil  yes you can. When you have lost your mucus plug it will be a pink or reddish show after going to the bathroom. I had that experiance. The mucus plug will thin out and when you go to the RR you will notice it.  I am going through the same thing now. I am about 6 weeks, and I went to the er a couple days ago because I am having stomach cramps and lower back pain. They could see the baby, and everything looked fine, but they just couldnt see the heartbeat. They told me not to worry yet, it could just be to early. So i called my obgyn to follow up, and she told me that its perfectly normal to not be able to see anything just yet. She is having me come in around 8-9 weeks and hopefully everything will be fine! So I just wanted to let you know, Im going through the same thing, and I am sure everything will be fine with the both of us :-). *FINGERS CROSSED*  I had severe low back pain from November 2011 until May 2012. I went to a doctor and had x-rays. I was put on anti inflammatories and muscle relaxants. After 4 weeks and no improvement, I had an MRI. It revealed that I had a herniated disc on L4 with 30% of my spinal space full of disc material. I tried physical therapy and while it helped, I was not back to normal. I had a microdiscectomy in May. Good by pain hello my life back. I was in the hospital for six hours. I was up and walking that day. One week later I could walk a mile. I now lift weights, hike, and exercise on a regular basis. Best thing I ever did for my back which was originally injured 30 years ago.  Ah, this might be a simple case of "footupyourownarse." If it has been there for a week, it is logical it is only one side, you have to forcefully pull it out, and then have a refreshing shower, after that you should be able to walk normally, without being considered a biological weapon. -R  Extreme coughing can bruise the ribs and will cause tenderness in the rib area  Your brain is moving when you do these activities. The brain moves back and forth slightly when you do these types of activities (in most people). This can be a trigger for headaches in some patients. I usually suggest starting out with less vigorous activities and slowly working up to higher levels of activity.  There is a type of headache called occipital neuralgia that is just in the back of the head, usually with severe tenderness in the back of the head. Most patients with occipital neuralgia have increased pain with movement. There is often a burning quality to the pain, and some patients have a pins and needles sensation with the pain. There is a fairly simple treatment for occipital neuralgia--injection of a local anesthetic (lidocaine or novacaine) into the nerve in the scalp, which numbs up the back of the head and makes the pain go away. Sometimes taking a medication like Aleve or Motrin every day for several days will calm this down.  Go to see an urologist. The yellow cum could be related to peeing before masturbation, but if you have problems peeing you can have an infection.  If it's only been a few days then you can start taking them again, but if it's been more than two weeks it'd be best to wait for your next period. I'm not a doctor but I also suffer from cysts. I haven't been on birthcontrol in years but I know starting it back out of order can mess with your cycle and it might cause more problems for you. If I was in your position I would talk to my pharmacist. They should be able to tell you if its safe at this point to pick up where you left or to just wait.  I would have to say blood pressure increase or drop. GO TO THE ER  As a patient with chronic pain and as a nurse I would also recommend the use of a couple stool softeners a day as well a couple of Senna. The Senna works to mechanically move the stool after it has been softened. Push fluids and try to stay as active as your pain allows.Eat fresh fruit and food with high fiber. As long as you are using pain meds you might have to just get used to taking a stool softener or two daily. Once your bowels have started to move then you wont need the Senna so much. Good luck. Definitely do get on top of this issue as it is not good for you to have to strain to move your bowels. It raises your blood pressure, puts pressure on your heart as well as leads to hemorrhoids.  I have been dealing with that problem for 2 years now, and is showing no signs of lightening up (not to scare you) .. One suggestion would be that the cause could be malnutrition. If you aren't eating enough of what your body needs, you could result in having these bowel issues. Solution? Try taking nutrient supplement pills (Fish Oil pills) or Omega 3. You should take two atleast three times a day. This should balance your system back to normal health in a matter of weeks. If no improvement? See a GI doctor ASAP and see if it is a more serious problem  Hi! While there is no way someone online can confirm if your wrist is broken, here is some information on that may help you figure out your symptoms. And, check out this information on as well. Please visit your doctor to get your wrist checked out, so you can go back to playing hard with your kids! The WebMD Answers Staff  Here is some information on that I hope will give you something to talk to your doctor about. And, I also found another article that contains information on . If you find that your diarrhea is not going away, be sure to give your doctor a call. The WebMD Answers Staff  There are a number of reasons stool may change, such as due to an infection, virus, change in medication, etc. It is good that you are seeing a medical professional about this concern, so you are able to get a proper diagnosis and treatment. Here is an that may help you learn more about your situation. I hope this helps! The WebMD Answers Staff  There may be many reasons for . The only way to find out for sure what's going on is to give your doctor a call and have it checked out. We hope you find the exact answer soon. The WebMD Answers Staff  The food you eat typically takes three days from the time you eat it until it finishes its journey in your toilet. If it takes a shorter time, the result may be greener stool because green is one of the first colors in the rainbow of the digestive process.  If you have a bowel control problem, medicine may help.Doctor may suggest you using laxatives to help you make more solid stools that are easier to control. Doctor may also suggest antidiarrheal medicines that slow down your bowels.Please avoid eating in restaurants and Social events.  possibly  I am allergic to cats and when I visit my brother's house (they have 4 cats) my eyes start to itch within the hour. My nose is running an hour later. I am wheezing pretty badly inside 4 hours. Now I know to dose myself with LOTS of benedryll (like 50-75 mg - I have an unusually High tolerance - I would not recommend this for everyone - the usual dose is 25 mg and that makes most people drowsy!) before stepping in the door. That lets me get through dinner and out the door without having to pull out the epi-pen!  Opiod pain medications (Norco, Vicodin, Lortab, Percocet, Oxycodone, Morphine, etc.) can cause constipation. I find it helpful to take a stool softener daily (Colace or Pericolace) if I have to take vicodin or percocet. You could also try a laxative, or an enema to get relief. Do a search on Web-MD for 'Opioid Induced Constipation" for more ideas on how to get regular again.  i had a bubble like movement in my stomach and also had pain then one day pain got so bad I ended up in the er and had emergency surgery on a stranglated hernia.You don't want to wait to long. I was in terrible cramping pain worse then labor pains. If the pain gets worse you need to see a doctor. At least try to see some type of doctor.  you normally feel it inside about 16 weeks or so and not on the outside til around 20 weeks or a bit later  A typical chiropractic clinic or center offers services that care for patients experiencing pain or discomfort in musculoskeletal regions, namely, the back, neck, head, arms and legs. While chiropractors focus more on treating said conditions, they also diagnose the cause of the pain and recommend a short-, medium-, or long-term program to address the same, depending on the nature and gravity of the patient's condition. Some chiropractors also offer on-site or home services for patients who can no longer travel to their clinic. Still, other chiropractors set up a free consultation hotline where they respond to chiropractic-related queries from individuals.  as mentioned above, fibrous food.  fibrous food. not overloading but introduction of it in regular diet helps a long long way.  pasting my answer from another thread regarding blood in stools. MAY help you....  i have not experienced what you are going through. but i did have anal fissures leading to bleeding. also hard stools. here is what worked for me: i have boiled okra regularly for dinner, as part of my diet. spinach (indian recipie for Plain palak) 1 Apple a day Dried prunes in office for munching (about 5 to 6). ATLEAST, two Liters of water every day almond oil with warm(or hot for me) milk after dinner. and important: walking 30 mins a day, if possible, before the first visit to the toilet int he morning. i never buy ebooks, but i bought this one and some of them helped me: http://www.usfreeads.com/2455300-cls.html ebook pdf is called: constipation help I'm not saying this will cure your condition, which looks a bit further away from where i was. but these things in my diet helped me. from what i experienced once you have this situation its better to see what foods you eat and make a regular schedule. disclaimer: i only told what i faced and how it helped me. im not a docotr and have no medical knowledge.  i also cut out coffee entirely from my diet. hotchoclate..  My sister fractured her tailbone but after a couple of days she didn't feel any pain but she did feel some tension in her butt for a bit...but the sensation will go away. But after sitting down for a while your back will start to ache. well tailbone that is....  It sounds like it. You should go to the ER  I dont know much about this topic but i would definitely tell you it couldve been a seizure. I would go to the emergency room if i were you. You want to handle this before it becomes permanent.  It will be better if you see a doctor so you can have a clear understanding about the skin condition that you are in right now. You may also visit http://www.clearclinic.com/ for great ideas on skin care.  Yes. There are so many types of scars and most do move over time. You said it was on the arch of your foot? Scars: Atrophic scars: These scars are sunken down into the skin. This type of scarring is often seen with acne scars or with wounds where skin or muscle is removed by an injury. This type of scarring can also happen when the body produces so much scar tissue in one area that it prevents new cells from growing where the wound took place. Hypertrophic scars: These are usually red or purple and are slightly raised above the skin. They tend to fade and get flat over time. Contracture scars: These types of scars often happen with burns, and end up pulling the skin in towards the site of the injury. This can make the skin look puckered around the wound. Keloid scars: These are very elevated, red or dark scars that form when the body produces a lot of extra collagen in a scar. Keloid scars are actually a benign type of tumor, and often grow bigger than the area of the original injury. Stretch marks: Also called striae, these are considered a unique type of scar since they don't happen in response to an injury, but because of the skin being stretched rapidly, often during pregnancy or adolescence. The tissue here is often sunken a little into the skin, and tends to fade with time. So, you may fit inton one of these catagories, but do not worry. If you tend to feel pain, please consult with you doctor. http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-scar-tissue.htm  Sounds like a muscle spasm. disk pain would be more like a sharp pain. If you can get a T.E.N.S. unit that may work I got 2 at a GOODWILL store. It uses electrical impulses to work the muscle Next would be massage. hot packs. Do not go to a chiropractor. Maybe the needle thing. Try www.medscape.com Good Luck  my heartly congratz for your daughter.pregnant ladies do develope some purplish lines & rashes its common but, in your daughter's condition it may be due to the polluted water also. i need some exact details from your daughter. so that i can suggest you right way to handle her.  try charcoal pills  Kidney stones!  go for ct scan or mri of ur full body ,it will helps u to fined out prblm  Well I have tried the doctor multiple times. My area has no dermatologist so I have to travel over a he to find one. I have the doctor office sending a list of dermatologists I could see. Until then I'm trying to get some info here. I have tried multiple creams and its still persistent.. nervous of an std I guess and just flat out frightened! So yes I am trying to see a dermatologist but is little difficult with my career at this point. (No vacation yet)  it could be something that u ate that is giving u a problem i no when this happen it was the start of an ulcer for me i would contact your doc  You could be dehydrated, or it could be a problem with your appendix  I have had this problem myself. Not being an expert, I would say the blood is caused from some tearing from having hard or large stools. I have had a problem with constipation my entire life starting as a child. I wouldn't go because I knew it would hurt & the longer I went without going the worse of course it got. I have found that taking a stool softener capsule every night has helped immensely. I just buy the generic/store brand type. 100mg capsules of Docusate Sodium & I take two every night. If you experienced more bleeding than what you say I wouldn't suggest this but I would venture to say this will help you based on my own experiences. Also...drink a lot of water!!! It will help tremendously! I hope I have been some help. Good luck to you.  r51becker@yahoo.com  This sounds like an impacted colon. Have you had a colonoscopy? If not, I suggest you see a gastroenterologist as soon as possible.  Sounds like typical diarrhea to me... You should maybe revel in the fact that it's just once a year? You might want to try and think through what you ate or drank when this happened in the past and stay away from those things. If it totally makes you sad, you should talk to your doctor.  So first, I was wondering if this might have something to do with your diet because I remember this was a side effect of 1) eating olestra (fat free chips) and 2) some of the weight loss medications.  over heated in sun , got light head, dizzy, confused, and felt very weird. what is this?  i got over heated in sun today and very, very hot. so i came in the house to cool down. when i decided to get up i felt like i was gonna pass out,was light headed, dizzy ,and felt very weird. like i never felt before  No  sounds like it might be a urinary tract infection  It sounds like you could have a hemroid. You can check by feeling around the out side of your rectum. If you feel a vain like thing sticking out then that is what is it. they will bleed especially if your straining when you have a bowel moment That is the only thing I can personally think of that would cause blood outside of your poop. If it continues I would call your primary care doctor and tell them your symptoms.Good luck!  These are some of the symptoms of sleep apnea- falling asleep watching tv, tired during the day. Does person snore? Is he over weight? Sleep assessment needed. We had the same issue and now my husband uses a CPAP machine. What a lifesaver-huge difference in quality of sleep for both of us.  Yes this is exactly what I have, But I also have scoliosis, the worst kind, some exercises are out of range for me, mainly the ones you have to twist, and stretch, fighting battle for me.  If I was her I would go back to my ob/gyn and see them . I am not a doctor but I have had a miscarriage my self about 11 yrs ago and I don't remember bleeding that bad after about 2 days just saying  If it doesn't seem to bother her and it doesn't move it probably isn't a big problem, but you should probably see a vet soon, the sooner the better, just in case.  this happened to me, go to nose ear and throat doc, may have fluid trapped in the inner ear.  eating too much fatty foods  possible food poisining  sometimes it's because he doesn't understand,but my son had a 65% hearing loss and was reading lips.does he stair at people when they talk. my son did and still does. it freaks people out,but get him to ear doc  it sounds like an ovarian cyst that ruptured. It happens everytime a women ovulates and it can cause your side to hurt as well. In some cases it could be p.c.o.s. But most likely not. Hope this helps!  there may be a chance that your baby is intolerant to lactose. i would take her to the doctor and demand action. for the moment you could feed your baby cooled boiled water to ensure that she is receiving enough fluid the body can cope better without food than it can without fluid. i hope you find this useful and i hope your baby feels better soon.  look and the mirror and try again to smile. Try moving all facial muscles. If one side still isn't working the same as the oppisite side, this is a common sign of stroke. See Web Md's symptoms for STROKE or CVA. If the symptoms fit...CALL 911.  Look up the symptoms of Restless Leg Syndrome and compare with your own. I have RLS, and that's how I describe it to people. However, sometimes neuropathy can have a similar sensation.  if you don't have a fever, I'd research the sypmtoms for hypo active thyroid. If a lot of these symptoms are similar, you need to see your family doctor. It can be diagnosed with a simple blood test. Does your Mom or Dad have thyroid problems?  I, too, have fibromyalgia. For the longest time, I thought all of the pain I felt in my hips and that whole area was because of it. There were many times that I had to be carried or had to stay in bed because it hurt way to badly to try to move an inch. I had been told a few times that it was one of my symptoms that resulted from the fibromyalgia. However, I recently found out from my pain management doctor that my x-rays are showing something no one ever told me about. Apparently, I was born with a deformity in which I have more bone on one side than the other,and this is what has caused me those specific pains for so long. It is very possible that your pain is being caused by the fibro, but it could also be caused by something similar to what I have experienced. If I were you, I would talk to my doctor about being sent for some x-rays and/or MRIs, just to raise the chance of getting a more definitive answer and/or rule some things out.  As well as the other answer, note that you may have an allergen to something in the new house. If you are allergic to certain pets and the carpets had not been properly cleaned from the prior occupants, this could cause the issue. Also, considering you made no mention of this other then at night, it is possible that you sleep with your eyes open or partly open, which may cause them to dry out. If this house is lees humid than your previous, then this is a perfectly logical cause. If ou notice that the house is dry, feel free to use a humidifier.  This may have to do with a motion sickness issue.  It is possible that you have a fracture or break.  Odds are that you have what is known as a hernia. Also, you may have what is known as an Intra-abdominal hematoma.   Basic Medicare through todays date has been $99 for Part A & B - Part D price varies depending what Prescription Plan you purchase or you can sign up for a Medicare Advantage Plan. There is also an International Coverage "Rider" you may purchase. Best option is to call an Insurance Broker and they will advise you.  Elizabeth is right! If its part of your history to go that many times in a day, then I wouldn't be too worried about it..I used to have to go only once per day and now I go 3x everyday...It was something to get used to so I totally understand how it can get in the way of work. I feel your pain but I've learned you have to be intune with your body and pay attention to what it needs. Needing to go is a basic biological need and no one is going to stop you if you gave to go!  You just said that you go once per week then you just added that you can go three times in a day...I'm a bit confused but I would suggest taking metamucil tabs (a.k.a pysllium husk supllements) to increase fiber and help regulate yourself. If that doesn't help after a week, I would contact the doctor.  Usually just a lubrication like liquid dish soap will do the job. No water. Just a dish soap like Dawn or Joy. Apply it above and below to get it under the ring. And start moving the ring up and down the finger turning it as you do it. And it should slide off.  Since there is only one spot. And it sounds like it is infected since there is puss coming from it. It does sound like a spider bite. Applying some antibiotic ointment on it should help. The dog may try to lick it off. Just keep applying it 2-3 times daily. If it is just a average spider bit it should start getting smaller. However, if it was a recluse spider it could get worse. And a hole will open up with more infection. If this happens see a vet. And get a antibiotic shot to get it into the blood stream faster.  when i have a bowel movement it look like pellet sometime?  I am not an MD. However my step-dad's father had an incident in which he scratched his eye with a piece of welding slag. It leaked for several weeks and eventually dried out causing him to have it removed. If the problem is highly persistent, or your eye leaks any fluid I would suggest having it looked at sooner rather than later.  talk to the ICU doctors. Sounds like your dad's heart isn't pumping blood forward, leading to a back pressure that causes fluid to accumulate in the lung. Bipap delivers oxygen at high pressure to help your dad breathe. It is likely that IF your dad requires it for more that 2 to 3 days, you may be faced with the decision of whether to intubate him or not. Supporting his breathing will help him support him while his heart is trying to recover.  it could be quarter size blood clots  Your mother should go to a dietician for the diabetes food guidelines. you can google potassium rich foods and avoid them. diabetes is complicated, you could attend the dietician meeting so you can help her....good luck.  nerve damage to your hand  I go once a day, but it depends entirely on how much you eat, if you're not eating much and you don't feel any discomfort or pain and don't notice any abnormalities with your poop I think you're fine.  Sounds very much like appendicitis, if it persists and gets too severe to stand, go to the hospital.  food  i have them 4 to 5 times a day  no dont see a doctor unless fluid of any kind( pus,blood,etc) start to build up in it  You may have strained your ocular muscles. I fell down the stairs in November and strained all my muscles. Didn't know why my eyes hurt until February. Don't wait get checked out.  sometimea just making sure your drinking plenty of water . fruits helps as well as eating some prunes... gas x seems to help my family with there in the same situation.. hope it helps  You need to see a Gastrointerologist immediately!! You also need to check your diet. I stopped eating all processed foods and animal products. So far this is what has worked for me. You must learn about nutrition. Almost everything in these grocery stores will make you sick if you don't eat natural foods grown from mother earth. You need to check irrital bowel syndrome (IBS), Ciliac Disease, Chrones Disease and all of the intestinal deseases that you may have.....praying for you!  Incontinent,yellow-orange stool, gelish and loose stool. No longer have gallbladder. Cause?  I know so many people that hate when a doctor wastes their time, but please do me a favor and go see your doctor. I have my own problems with lower back pain, and it took me asking the right questions and not dealing with a doctor that wasn't willing to help. To find out 3 months later I have a genetic issue and it caused me to break my back.The bigger reason to see the doctor is that I just lost a very dear friend that didn't think doctors new a thing, and after dealing with so many visits to the chiro we got her to the doctor. It was too late as she had bone cancer and it wasn't found soon enough. She suffered a lot as do all of us that wish we would have forced her sooner. The right doctor is out there, you just have to be willing to do the work to find them.  No I don't think you would be feeling the baby yet and I would imagine if you had a pregnancy in a tube you would be in pain.It could be just gas but I would have it checked out.Are you having prenatal care?  Has the Dr.'s tested for wheat or gluten intollerance? If possible, have a separate test done for wheat, and a separate test done for gluten. You can have the intollerance for one and not the other. Is your child lactose intollerant, have anemia, or thyroid condition? You can research for "Celiac Sprue" disease for more information and clues. Celiac is an intollerance to both. Hope this helps!  I'm so sorry to hear about your attack! I think you should see a doctor. You could have internal bleeding or kidney damage. I am a high school teacher, and I have had students who've been beaten up require medical treatment for internal bleeding and kidney damage. I hope you're OK.  Well it's either your appendix (had mine removed at the ER visit) or it could be gallstones. I'd say it's more likely to be your gallbladder and a flare up/gallstones. My family has history of gallstones/gallbladder issues and both my parents have their gallbladder and appendix removed. My mom had the same symptoms you had and went to the ER (after her pain was so bad) and had an emergency removal of her gallbladder. Hope you find the answers you need.  i think you should take rods advice hon. i too had rotator cuff repair,bicep and then cuff again. when the dr. did the cuff repair the first time he said that the bicep was only torn about 8 % so he thought it would mend itself. 5 months later took an mri and the bicep was torn by 65% so i went in for bicep surgery. 5 months later, another mri because i was still in pain. needed rotator cuff repair again and trigger finger release surgery. this last time my shoulder felt great a week after surgery but my finger was in pain and just didn't feel right.unfortunately i had a back pain and jerked my shoulder just a little bit which started pain in my arm/shoulder once again.went back to the dr.he gave me antiinflammatory cream to put on my finger and shoulder,made an appt.for 6 wks.and sent me on my way. i had this last appt.,got tired of waiting 1:15 min. later so i tried to get a new dr. --- they all keep saying they can't help me. try going to the university hospital !!! so this is where i am at. i guess what i am trying to say is that you definitely need a dr. to look at it and if what your dr. prescribes isn't working or if he decides you need surgery - get a second opinion.............  Most definitely YES . Blood in the stool in never normal, and from what you have described, it is very serious indeed. If you have lost a significant amount of blood through this, it can be a life-threatening situation.  This may be an infection but it's better for you to go to the doctor if you haven't already because the only way to have a centain answer is by excamining you.  what do they look like? size? Round or irregular shape? what color? How did they go away before?  Cialis can cause decreased tone of the LES in the distal esophagus predisposing to active GERD symptoms, particularly in patients whose systolic BP decreases for the initial 2-3 hours following ingestion. While not considered to be an absolute contraindication, except in those with known IHD, the patient should discuss this tendency with his PCP before continuing to take Cialis at any dose.  you may have problems w the spine, or head and neck area. i have the same problem somewhat. your going to want to se a dr to make sure but here is what i do for headaches and vision....  If you have had the chicken pox, sounds like it could possibly be shingles. Call your Md and make an appt.  no  This happens to me a lot it is only a cramp although it feels like it is breaking and falling off  I have PCOS and when I would ovulate (I'm on Depo Provera to stop that process until I'm ready to conceive), I would feel a sharp pain on my left or right lower abdomen that would last several hours and I would have to take ibuprofen and kind of breath through the pain with a heating pad on my abdomen. This was ovulation for me (confirmed with blood tests). I only knew what it was because I was trying to conceive at the time and was tracking my cycles and monitoring all of my symptoms of ovulation and the next morning my ovulation test strip would always be positive. This happened monthly for me when I started taking metformin. It's not harmful, just painful and annoying. It's one of the many reasons I opted for the depo shot. I don't ovulate, I don't have that problem, and it preserves my future fertility because I don't develop hardened cysts on my ovaries over time.  if its behind your ear where the bottom of the skull is it is most likely a lymph node , some are more pronounced then others and can become inflamed if your body is fighting an infection.  You may need a cleansing in your body which should be done three to four times a year  You may have Osteoarthritis, see your doctor.  the tingling idk about... but the coldness in hands and feet can be normal.. ? for years now my feet are always cold even if i have socks on. it cold.  stomach bigger... feeling movement in upper stomach... period regular... are you sure the period are regular. and are you sure the tubes are secure. i heard stories on "i didnt know i was pregnant" that women got tubes tied and still end up pregnant. but that is my best guess. other than that i do not know what else it could be. probably better check with your doctor.  I would see a natural pathic Dr. a ND can tell you exactly to a tee what its from and if there is any issue they can get right to the root of it. medical drs only know pharmaceutical drugs and will just say here take this and out you go.  my guess high Iron or if you eat a lot of greens.. maybe a metabolization issue of the liver ..probably not a huge concern I would see a natural pathic dr a ND. will do a live blood cell test and can do a colonics and look at your stool and tell you exactly...medical drs dont have a clue and will just prescribe you drugs not answers or a cure for your situation  I just wanted to add that I have Fibromyalgia and MCTD as well, and unbearable hip/groin pain on my right side. I wasn't made aware until just last year that my right leg is a full inch shorter than my left at certain points. This obviously causes extreme pain in my hip and leg, I didn't think it would effect the groin though. I use a hot towel or heating pad for my groin area when it flares up. I wanted to ask the other commenter, what did your doctor suggest you do about it? Did he suggest a course of treatment to lessen your pain or better your quality of life? My Doctor pretty much implied I had to live with it...not really what I wanted to hear. Any feedback is appreciated. Thanks  Yes, they can and do burst. It happened to me when I was sixteen, I thought I was birthing an alien, or dying...either way it was the most painful thing (to this day, and yes, I've naturally birthed my daughter) I've ever had to deal with. I was in cold sweats, trying to make it across the house in the middle of the night to get my mother to take me to the hospital, but I passed out from the pain on my kitchen floor. When I got to the hospital, I was admitted for two days, because cysts had ruptured on my ovaries. I was put on the DepoProvera shot, to end my cycles (they were a godsend!) And I haven't had much more than a twinge of pain in over 14 years now. But I don't wish that on my worst enemy.  give her fluids and have her rest  R u into anal play if so the lubes maybe  no  My advice to you is to consider the complications that could arise if you don't have the surgery. This disease will not cure itself. Some can control it but all it will take is one bad attack with an abscess and/or perforation to ruin your whole day. You have to weigh all risks, and I would do this in consultation with a colo-rectal surgeon and not an internist--brother or not http://vitalhudklinikk.no/kroppspleie/kroppspeeling.html http://www.kolibrimedical.com/no/hjem/2-uncategorised.html http://cosmedica.no/n-s-artikler-renseprodukter.htmlThank you!  get your apendix checked out   I DIDN'T MENTION above THAT THE FIGURE THAT DOESN'T WORK IS UNDER WATER BEING STRETCHED. THIS IS THE ONE WHERE ESSENCE IS DIFFICULT TO PERCEIVE. Start with an urge to pee. Simply go and when youre standing/sitting there, simply think, your mind body spirit and essence in that instance. Next picture your soul in your head only hes a fluid statue. From creation to being make him/her make a point with their thumb up/down; you have to do both so with mind body spirit essence in mind and the figure making a point up/down, youll be able to do one easy the other is the one you have to work on. Essence is the hardest one to think of in its entirety so just get a figure of it, next slightly meditate on it, the picture in your head. Meditate where the figure is under water; layers of it and each layer is new material. This makes it easier for you to picture Mind Body Spirit and Essence; especially essence, so the picture of thumb down/up; whichever is the difficult one, under water until in that moment with all of Mind Body Spirit Essence and the figures action WORK under water. Now think of stretching and removing layers of water until hes on top in your mind. This works your body into peeing and it shoots like a water spout so be ready. Its faster than it sounds when you get to the point where your just stretching layers of water it is almost like your naturally preparing to pee! O AND I'LL JUST KEEP POSTING STUFF TILL ITS VIRAL!  I DIDN'T MENTION above THAT THE FIGURE THAT DOESN'T WORK IS UNDER WATER BEING STRETCHED. THIS IS THE ONE WHERE ESSENCE IS DIFFICULT TO PERCEIVE. Start with an urge to pee. Simply go and when youre standing/sitting there, simply think, your mind body spirit and essence in that instance. Next picture your soul in your head only hes a fluid statue. From creation to being make him/her make a point with their thumb up/down; you have to do both so with mind body spirit essence in mind and the figure making a point up/down, youll be able to do one easy the other is the one you have to work on. Essence is the hardest one to think of in its entirety so just get a figure of it, next slightly meditate on it, the picture in your head. Meditate where the figure is under water; layers of it and each layer is new material. This makes it easier for you to picture Mind Body Spirit and Essence; especially essence, so the picture of thumb down/up; whichever is the difficult one, under water until in that moment with all of Mind Body Spirit Essence and the figures action WORK under water. Now think of stretching and removing layers of water until hes on top in your mind. This works your body into peeing and it shoots like a water spout so be ready. Its faster than it sounds when you get to the point where your just stretching layers of water it is almost like your naturally preparing to pee! O AND I'LL JUST KEEP POSTING STUFF TILL ITS VIRAL!  This could be caused from a pulled muscle. Using ice for 20 minutes followed by heat for 20 minutes may relieve this pain. If this does not seem to help, contact your MD. Good luck!  Rush to your doctor to checkout that your kidneys are ok or not.To stop catching u.t.i. oftenly do not use commode for urination and wash your privates just after urination. If you have prolonged uti problem it may reach to your kidneys and damage them badly, because the urinary track is shorter in females.  You should still go and see your Docter. ? So they are aware of this , It can also be stress related ? My son in law , he had some kind of fit? Doctors cannot get to bottom of why. :-)  Gas Pain has become one of the common problems for large population. It causes commonly because of taking less water, bad eating habit or eating unhealthy food. As far as medication is concerned I would like to suggest you to take the advice from doctor. Dont try to take medicine without prescription of doctor otherwise it can create problems for you. Beside that you should avoid oily and junk food, take sufficient water, develop eating habit properly and do some physical work.  It's the Pepto. It happens to me every time I take it and if you read all the warnings on the package, it even says you may notice a change in your stool color. Nothing to be too alarmed by, but if you're still taking the Pepto, try laying off for a day or two and see if that helps.  if the bone/joint hurts, it should be ligament or cartilage from wear and tear  Few questions.  what about his stress? if he's tense, should try to resolve the source of the problem or do breathing technique. also, people's blood pressure goes up as they age usually.  are you properly resting, stretching and putting cold/slight pressure to let it heal?  Talk to your family doctor and make appointment to see a nutritionist. You are what you eat, and having high pressure means you should decrease your salt intake and less greasy or fried food. And there are certain food you should avoid and other you should eat to help lower the blood pressure.  Disequilibrium is the loss of balance or the feeling of unsteadiness when you walk. Causes may include: Inner ear (vestibular) problems. Abnormalities with your inner ear can cause you to feel like you are unsteady while walking, especially in the dark. Sensory disorders. Failing vision and nerve damage in your legs (peripheral neuropathy) are common in older adults and may result in difficulty maintaining your balance. Joint and muscle problems. Muscle weakness and osteoarthritis  the type of arthritis that involves wear and tear of your joints  can contribute to loss of balance when it involves your weight-bearing joints. Neurological conditions. Various neurological disorders can lead to progressive loss of balance, such as Parkinson's disease, cerebellar ataxia and an acoustic neuroma. Medications. Loss of balance can be a side effect of certain medications, such as anti-seizure drugs, sedatives and tranquilizers. To ensure that you have one of these conditions you should have an eye movement test to show if you can track a moving object,posturography test to show which parts of the balance system you rely on most and which parts are causing problems and a rotary chair test. Before you can do one of these tests you will need to visit a neurologist.  You may get an infection or you may not get one. If there is an injury inside the vagina and the fecal matter got through that injury it is highly possible that you may have an infection. The names of the possible infections that may occur are Bacterial Vaginosis and a Vaginal yeast infection.It is better to consult a gynecologist to run a vaginal wet prep test to ensure everything is alright.  I think you may have osteoarthritis(pain of joints)because your symptoms match the symptoms of Osteoarthritis. To make sure if you have it or not you should visit an orthopedician.  I think it may need surgery tell your orthopedician about the pain you are experiencing the specialist will know about what type of treatment is suitable for it.  My daughter has had constipation problems since she was 4 days old. my Dr recommended pair juice, prune juice and even water to help move things along. when that didn't work she was prescribed Kristalose. its a powder that you mix with juice and works right away. i only use it about once week to keep her regular.  If you are a girl you could be pregnant ( thats the first thing my doctor asked me when i had my back pains over a year ago) * your spine could be unlined( i forgot the term) I would go see a doctor  have you tried water drink lots of water for the contant gas and orange juice for the bowl movements it will help you go the citrus will rumble your stomach linings  Outside.  Hi. I had a similar experience when i was pregnant with my daughter. I went to the hospital for cramping/lower back pain. They saw the yolk sac but no baby or heart beat. I went to my OB/Gyn 2 weeks later and They said that the fetus won't have a heartbeat until the 8-9 week mark. and by then movement may also be seen. Needless to say My daughter is now 6 months old and very healthy! Don't worry. I am Sure your baby is fine! Congratulations!  If you have not sought professional medical treatment, I urge you to do so. You may have only a hairline fracture in your sacral area, but the pain may be radiating to other areas. Please seek medical attention as soon as possible.  main concern is no appetite, lips are blistering, not drinking much. plays for a few minutes and then just falls asleep. very unusual for her.  Is your heading correct? Have you really not had a bowel movement in around 2 weeks? If this is correct you need to see a doctor pronto. You should be having a bowel movement every day or at least every other day. And if you have taken that many laxatives and STILL aren't having a bowel movement, you really need to see a doctor. Best of luck. I AM NOT A DOCTOR, BUT I WILL BE ONE DAY.  I have personally had anxiety attacks before... They definitely feel physical the way you described. And when I had one, I was so scared and nervous that it caused my heartbeat to go racing like that. The feeling of being trapped is exactly what an anxiety attack feels like. When I got mine, I always felt I had to leave whatever building I was in, to get fresh air. My therapist recommended that I not try to give in to my feelings of needing escape because that would only feed my anxiety and cause it to build. He recommended exercise to help ease the stress and tension in my life. A good outlet for anxiety.  It might be ear wax that is coming out while your sleeping and then as you move around it goes back into your inner ear. That's just my opinion though. I suggest when you wake up clean out your ears, not going to deep (could damage inner ear) as well as using ear drops, also known as ear wax removal aid. That can be a pain in the butt when first using it, just make sure you read the directions carefully. It does work pretty well for me anyways.  no dont seem to have any back pain  see a Chiropractor..a MD will only waste your money and give out drugs..a good Chiro will make the proper diagnosis without drugs..I had samething. I went to mine today..its was how I sit while on laptop that made a disc go out.. she fixed it quick..sounds like your wife has a pinched nerve..  too much fat in stools, cause by pancerous not working right..she needs to see a Pediatrician..not a FAMILY DR, could also be related to digestive tract issues  Hi Dear, sorry you are in such pain, I too, have the same pain symptoms. I just had a lumbar MRI, and something showed up in my Thoracic Spine which is above the lower back and can radiate into your butt and hip. There is no position, that I have found, that is comfortable. I encourage heating pads, some people use ice...But first and most important, go see your Doc. and demand an MRI of the Thoracic spine. And most of all good luck, try to stay away from having surgery, and if you need help you can contact me @sugarskiss@gmail.com  Constipation is a side effect to pain medication especially if never taken. I had my C6/7 replaced in July of 2013, had same problem simple healthy remedies prunes or the juice also, you can take 1 tablespoon of olive oil daily until it breaks loose and its also good for skin. If you can't drink straight mix with lemon juice and 1 cup water. Good luck!  no,pain is on my left side  Woke around 6 am with terrible bloating right upper abdomen and back pain, pain has persisted to increase through out the day as well as my temp. Diareah started shortly after waking in 10-15 minute frequency and has lasted the entire day with legs cramps starting around noon vomiting as well but not as often with dizzy spells and imidium has not helped at all. Was able to hold a little chicken soup doen and gatorade  consider yourself lucky what you described doesn't sound like a herniated disc. sharp burning pains throbbing all day and that is the best thing i can say about that. sorry i soulnt help more  My Brother grew up w/ the same problem. He had and has a large overbite which he refused to get braces for. But if I was you I would hit the dentist just incase. I had a underbite, it couldnt be fixed surgically until my jaw was at the typical grow no more no more no more no more !7. Magically 6 months later I was asked out more than I had experienced as a tall gawky girl with a funny loisville dialect. A heating pad and then ice was the only thing that gave my brother any relief! good luck  That sounds exactly like an abcess and you need to get it treated now! I"m sure you have by now because the pain alone of one of those will drive you straight to the Emergency Room. I have had then several times in a different location and they didn't give me anything for pain and started cutting on this thing, I almost brought the house down. That was probably the first time it happened, I was living in Georgia. And the antibiotic I was given in the ER wasn't strong enough and the abcess came back in less than a week, I wanted to cut the thing out myself rather go back. The pain is excruciating, but you need to get the infection out and treated. You just get a small amout of infection and the body tries to help you out by protecting you from this nasty little thing and it forms a knot like or ball around it and that in turn becomes very infected, not always but most of the time. It is worse than labor pains, or at least mine was. I hope you have been to the doctor and are on the healing end of this because I know how bad they can be. If it is not an abcess, it is something remarkedly close to it, like its best friend, and it still has to go. I feel so bad for you, I hope you have someone to go o the doctor with you and hold your hand, or hold your feet down from kicking the first person in the head who tries to touch you. Best care to you. Make sure they give you good antibiotics and that does not mean a Z pak, something stronger. Take care. Mental  I think one of the most frustrating things in the field of medicine is the overall feeling by Physicians that all patients are created equal. They consistently confuse the patient rights with the Bill of Rights, oh, but if they would only learn. I started a few years ago to be my strongest, most vocal, most knowledgeable, most interested advocate of them all when it came to my health care. It is my body, my mind, and nobody, I mean nobody knows it nor should they better than I. If I can go to an appt. prepared with questions, about what I think might be wrong, and have a discussion, I feel alot better than it being a crap shoot. Two years ago, if it hadn't been for me and Web MD I swear my doctor would have killed me. If you can't take the medication with throwing up, switch doctors, if he is new doctor, provide previous records. If he won't listen to reason, report him. If you are on the up and up about NOT being able to take the Tylonol, then you are allergic. and the answer of ," because that's the way we do it, is not treating the patient under the oath that doctor has taken. So you have to make a choice. Take the meds he gives you, change doctors, or you can report to the States Insurance Comm. for not providing adequate care, file it and see what happens. If you're abusing the opiates and he knows it,well then you answered your own question quite honestly. I worked for a pain mgt. physician in Daytona Beach some years back, and I got to know the patients very well. I liked them alot, but my eyes were not Eyes Wide Shut. If he has your current records if he is a new doctor, with those and learning more about who you are as a patient and a person he may come around,. I have doctor do that to me even with something like nausea meds. I was told what I was taking was making me to sleepy. I had been taking it for several years, it had yet ever to make me sleepy. I told the doctor, drugs like this that are suppose to have that affect don't on me, their fine. She didn't prescribe them, gave me another drug, that didn't work, and made me sick to my stomach.. and I told her that nicely but it was true. Listen to your patients... Best of luck to you and I hope you can somebody who will work with you. mental  iim sorry to say you have flatworms. most of tpain comes from the rightt side if you know your body real good. Biltricide will clean up the tapeworm problem. i know my whole family went threw this.  you may want to look into Vertigo. my mother was just diagnosed with this and had a lot of the same symptoms. She'll go for days without an episode then all of a sudden she's dizzy, off balance and she ended up hurting herself fairly badly when she fell and hit her head. I'd suggest going to the doctor asap if you're able.    it sound like you are having what is called an angain attack. you need to go to the ER and get it check out before it become a full heart attack.  I would suggest showing her more way that your relationship is stronger and different; meaning better. show her more tlc affection.  I would take him/her now... that way they can look at her and get a better understanding of what is going on.  What do the bugs look like? Are they fleas?  Yes, you should go see a doctor!!! You should go see one who has an X-ray machine on site (quicker diagnosis). It may just be a sprain but, you also could've gotten a crack in the bone called a "Hairline Fracture". You'll never know what's really wrong an how much longer the healing process will take if you don't get it checked out. I've had experience with sprains, especially one on my left knee. I couldn't straighten my leg for a few weeks and was on crutches, but I still many times walked in a limp and drag sort of way. If you can't walk at all, you should get it looked at, to see if you may have cracked the bone.  I had gastric bypass 4/2012 and I have had abdominal pain recurring and relieved off and on since November. I was diagnosed with and umbilical hernia and also with abdominal adhesions. You should talk to your doctor about the possibility of adhesions. Mine are very painful when they hurt and the only relief is with narcotic pain meds.  Could be costochondritis  I've lived in VA all my life, and have osteo, lupus, and fibro. While it is warmer here in the winter than CT, we do get some winters that are fairly cold - it does vary considerably, and it varies a lot depending on where you live in VA.  Has your doctor ruled out TMJ?  it could still b a stye , you may just b getting it more infected by trying to touch it, i would say buy an eye wash , u can also find in pharmacys, they have a eye washer which is a weird little plastic thing that cups your eye , whatcha do is put the eye wash in the cup n put it over your eye open your eye and put your head up, id say do this about , 4x a day if u dont see any change or if it gets worse go to your doctor, you need your eyes, dont want to joke around with something like that , i hope you feel better and i hope my advice helps , Good Luck  i believe yes , things with strong color can do it to children and adults if the color doesnt stop a day after eatting them it may be something not fod related but im sure it not unless ur having pain or something its just the beets saying hi on the way out :) hope this helps  my mother has diverticulitos and you can have a lot of pain because of that take the meds they gave you and make sure you stay on the diet they recommand , also if you cant go ..go to the hospital asap , a back up like that can posion your body and make u very very sick ..hope this helps feel better  i have had trouble with my shoulder for many years after 8 years which was way to long i had lost all movement it was like having a dead arm , i also had popping...my advice is go to the doctor have them do an xray seeing what you did its likely then will recommend some excersies for you to do , dont try to move your arm move then it will go without pain, cause if you let this go and done take care of it , it can get really bad i had to have reconstruction surgery and my arm will never be the same theres alot things i cant do now that i may have been able to if i would have taken care of it from the start.  Since a doctor had to put them in, I pretty sure a doctor has to fix them. Do you just feel like it moved or did someone actually tell you it did? If they told you it did, then they should have told you how it could be fixed. Either way, see you doctor.  Personally, I would get a second opinion. I'm sure that he was right that your prostate was ok but he didn't elaborate into any of the other symptoms or give you any sort of possible explaination. If you feel that he often pushes you out of the office, it may be best to find a different doctor. Feel free to ask when you make an appt how long the doctor allows for each patient, then pick one who takes a longer time with their patients. Until you see a doctor again, make sure you are getting enough fiber in your diet. Fruits, vegetables, and whole grains will make having a bowel movement much easier. Good Luck!  By ratchets, do you mean movement or sound of the joint? Is the pain in the shoulder joint or around the shoulder blade? When you sleep what position is your shoulder (i.e. toward you chest or back or with you arm under you and straight)?  I have experienced gas, abdominal pain, and soft bowel movements with Irritable Bowel Syndrome or IBS. I have never had Gastric Bypass but I would consider talking to the doctor that performed that surgery as he might want to do imaging studies to rule out intestinal problems. I have heard people say they experienced problems with gas after the GB.  My nephew did this & was diagnosed with ankling spondilytis, which is arthritis. I'd take him to a doc & see if there's any tests they can run. It could be a medical problem.  I would recommend going to a chiropractor. I had a similar problem about a year ago and went to my chiropractor. He took an X-ray and found that my lower disc had not formed properly. I lift weights and over the years it had taken it's toll. The disc had slipped causing extreme pain in my lower back that would shift on occasion from left to right. He treated me for a couple weeks and realigned the disc. No cure for me other than surgery, so I have just cut back on lifting heavy and changed some of my exercises.  My rotator cuff tear was undiagnosed for 10+ years. ( I've also had three Left knee surgeries ) My point is: your body is not going to get better by itself. And, get all of your questions answered and write them down in case you wish to get a second opinion.  try excersizeing more fast, often,and harder  just a few of those  There is a tube that connects the middle ear to your throat called the Eustachian tube. This tube helps to equalize pressure on both sides of the ear. Since the eardrum is a solid membrane and there is empty space behind the eardrum, there has to be a way to equalize the pressure or the eardrum would rupture due to the pressure. What your hearing is that pressure equalizing. The reason it only happens when you move your jaw or chew is because your Eustachian tube is inflamed meaning that with your jaw in normal position, the air isn't able to pass through and equalize the pressure. Things that can cause inflammation include current or recent head cold, sinus infection, and very commonly, allergies. Go to your Dr, steroid nasal sprays work very well in reducing inflammation in that tube and will alleviate your problem. As the inflammation gets worse you will start to notice your ears popping and a lot of pressure and eventually pain. So get it taken care of now before it gets to that point. Hope this helps : )  My left foot aches along small toe side and in joints above toes. Hurts when I press on spot in middle half way between toes and arch.metatarsal? Hurts to walk normally. Less painful if I keep foot flat. Is a bit swollen. Was on an airplane with athletic/walking shoes for about 6 hours. Was swollen at bedtime. Hurt a bit to walk next day. Today hurts more. Have been taking 4 Ibuprophen 3 times daily. Also in 99* hot tub. Which relieves somewhat.  Period issue-are you menopausal or could be? I would research effects of various stomach problems/period issues on net in case it is caused by some food issue. Also antibiotics will do this-probiotics might fix. Yogurt and other food with good bacteria might help. Have you tried gas removal things like Gas-X? Hey, you never know...no insurance here so I try everything I can before seeing Dr-so expensive. Good luck.  There's not much they will do if there are fractured ribs except maybe check that your organs are ok (and that will be a CT scan which is more expensive). If you are really concerned, you can get it checked out but you might just be sore/sprained/bruised.  Your pain will radiate down more towards the groin. And then your pain will just be gone. You should be able to see the stone in your urine once it passes; its a little white stone. Hope this helps. Feel better soon!  I have psoriasis. I cannot see my back. But the symptoms sound the same. Sweating and getting hot increases it. Try a cool bath or shower with oatmeal soak. See a dermatologist.  I've been having the same problem the lady couple days, I got the copper iud 3 months ago. It starts feeling pinchy and spasming, until i go to the bathroom. The pain is so bad I have to stop what I'm doing to manage it. You're not alone! I hope an answer is found soon.  babies movement decreases a great % right before they are born but they should at least move or kick once in a while. if your worried ask your doctor and count how many times he or she moves  is my RT food color is normal has a burning or bruised but have not hit it I get this pretty frequent  Fractured tailbone. There is nothing they can do about it. I have fractured mine a few times it is NO fun!  Osteoarthritis in the hip generally is felt in the groin area the outside of the hip could indicate bursitis. And this can be chronic. You would need an xray though to rule out the possibility of OA.  Yes, you can be pregnant and not know it until the second trimester. If so, you are one lucky woman to not have morning sickness or other side effects that can occur (and do for the majority) within the first 3 months. If you feel movement, I would definitely say take an EPT or better yet, just go to your gynecologist. The body kinda gets used to pregnancy the second time around and baby movement does occur earlier than with the first child...especially since "mom" has experience and knows the feeling.  probly not but just talk to your md  You said you were walking around afterwards, this means nothing is broken. Internal bruising can take up to several months to heal. It sounds like the bruise made its way to the surface, hence the swelling. This is good. Keep doing what you're doing, and give it time. Avoid the doctor bill, especially with feet, there's nothing much a doc can do... even if it were broken.  I also have this issue. I've narrowed it down to two things ;the early onset of carpal tunnel/arthritis. Or nerve damage in the elbow.  I fell that people experience anxiety in many different ways. In your case, one might say that the stress your homework can entail might subsequently trigger a specific chemically cranial process, making you experience panic or anxiety due to the situation. I would say that anxiety related to school is quite common. I personally experience immense anxiety when I have to give presentations for school-somewhat a similar situation. Hope I could help you out! This is my first answer haha.  if i touch it it hurts even worse!!! I woke up a lot last night because it hurt so bad  u mentioned so less symptoms...anyhow with such possibilities cholecystitis is quite possible.......  Yes and sometimes bright red blood even if no bowel movement.  I HAVE TWO SMALL BLOOD CLOTS,ONE IN EACH LEG THAT I HAD FOR ABOUT 7 YEARS WITH NO PROBLEMS  NO TROUBLE WITH BOWEL MOVEMENT.I DON'T DRINK  I am not an expert but I have a history of pain during intercourse, mine was a severe case of endometreosis this is caused by scar tissue building up on our internal organs during our monthly cycle. I would definitely check with your OBGYN doctor and they should hopefully be able to find what is causing this   That happened to me when I was hit by a truck while riding my bicycle back to work, in the rain. I couldn't feel my legs, or the pain, until the paramedics lifted me up off the pavement. I think, the nerves in my left leg only sensed, from the lifting, that my leg was broke. It took at least a year for the pain to go away enough for me to do normal activities. Although, 17 and a half years later I still limp, and am unable to run.  pancrease  You might have an insect in your ear. Clean them out with peroxide. It will tickle but it cleans them . I use it on all 4 of my children's ears.  I would suggest seeing your doctor and possible X-ray.  I'm not sure of your total question. But do not put any cream on your pill. Cream is for external use only.  YES!!!!!  If you skip the sugar pills to move your period start date, you should still be fine in the prevantion of pregnancy concern. It is similar to the 3 month pill packs, or how women take the pill continuously with no sugar pills to prevent having a period at all.  you might be having a reaction to the adhisive on the bandaid  my hands and feet are cold 90% of the time they also get red when its hot and purple when its cold, I have been told it is because I have a weak heart.  Most likely you bruised your tailbone. Bruising of the tailbone can be quite painful. It can take up to a few weeks to feel better. If you pulled a muscle in your butt cheek then that could take just as long to heal. A heating pad works good for a pulled muscle. You could also alternate with an ice pack. And before you know it, you will feel better.  you can burn 20 -30 calories in one seating, leave your hot seat and go and find some serious workout  You may need a process of elimination. Ask your primary care Dr. for a referral, for a gastroenterologist. Have you had a colonoscopy? ( it's NOT as scary as you think). If you do get one, you should bring someone with you, they won't let you drive yourself home. If or when they find nothing, then go from there. I had something similar, that's who I went to. Calm down, a good patient is an educated patient.  My son has been diagnosed with Adhd and dyslexia, currently he is attending additional classes on top of elementary sch lessons by dyslexia experts. He's 9 now. Has a less active auto mobile skills, forgets, slow learner, etc too. The expert we spokenhad referred a drug Retalin, given by Specialist. Was know that tis drug increases the brain nerves rapidly to heighten learnig and memory abilities. Rumoured to be used by some top scholars to get greater academic results. Sorry my onhand info is brief as I didn't let my son try it for now cos he is so young and while I hope the additional classes he attends would help. However, pls find more info on web. Just my 2cents worth, Val.  I recommend you get this cheked out with your doctor, it could be anything from colitis to the flu  possibly a pinched nerve  I also have the same problem, and I have insurance and still deal with the same thing; have seen many docs and they don't give me no answers on how to stop it, a along with this problem I have been gaining weight, even if I only drink water it goes right through me, nothing I do seems to work, I have even cut down to eating 1 meal a day, my husband worriers about me so for him I do eat but very small portions but does not matter how much or how little I eat or drink it still goes right through me,,, please let me know if you find a solution to our problem, all I get from the doctors is what they call a dumping serfdom,  Have you had your thyroid checked? I was having pain and stiffness right posterior neck and subscapular muscle spasms. After taking 25mcgm of synthroid the pain, stiffness and spasms went away.  It could be IBS because it is know to cause a wide range of symptoms: flatulence, belching, pain, diarrhea, constipation, mucus in stool, etc. A person with IBS can have symptoms that change and bouts where they have lots of digestive troubles, then it fixes itself. After a few months, another bout, fixes itself... etc.  See your Dr immediately  My brother had this issue. He was diagnosed with Bells Palsy. Not sure if I spelled that right or not lol. The whole right side of his face sort of "fell", there was no muscle tone or movement at all. He even slept with one eye open. It eventually went away on its own but when he smiles the right side of his lips still don't lift as high as the left. Barely noticeable though. Hope this helps!  need to get mri. ortho-doctor could give you a shot after eval.  Bed bugs?  ptsd probably i am on prazosin and xanax for it.  I have the same problem but i have had back surgery with fusion and cage in back...u? Have not been able to find the cause?...Thought maybe a kidney stone but pain comes and goes!  