Sounds like tennis elbow.  The injury comes from repetitive motion. it can be tennis elbow .  I have had no previous injuries  I use an enema on the onset of severe pain & it works for me.. eat more fiber & fruit. Drink more water.  Your very low testosterone level may be the cause of your symptoms. Testosterone deficiency causes muscle wasting and weight loss. Genetic inheritance plays a role in fewer than 10% of cases of Lou Gehrig's disease, as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is popularly known. Testosterone deficiency is not necessarily an indication of of ALS. There is some evidence, though, that babies exposed to high levels of testosterone during pregnancy are more likely to develop ALS later in life. Talk to your doctor about treating your low testosterone level and hopefully your muscle mass and weight will improve. If you have weakness of your legs or hands, slurred speech, or trouble swallowing, these may be signs of ALS and should be evaluated by your doctor.  An otherwise healthy person who gets the flu will usually improve over two to five days. In some people that tired feeling may last for one week or more and very rarely the symptoms can last for several weeks (post influenza asthenia). A major concern when you get the flu is that complications can arise. This is not strictly a relapse, but the development of another illness. The risk is highest for those with diabetes; heart, lung, or kidney disease; and other chronic diseases that lower the body's resistance to infection. Persons over age 65 are also at greater risk of developing complications from the flu. A very serious complication associated with the flu is pneumonia. Shortness of breath, sharp chest pain on deep breathing, or fever lasting beyond five days are symptoms that may indicate pneumonia. Talk with your doctor if your symptoms are not improving. It is always better to wait until you are feeling better before starting back on a vigorous exercise program. It is normal to feel weak for several days after the flu, but if your symptoms persist seek medical attention to be safe.  My personal preference is heat. It seems to be better for me than ice. Some people get better relief from ice, so I would suggest try them both, and then use what works the best for you.  Hi, if you are out of shape I wouldn't worry. You will expierence pain in your chest and sides because it is new.  This happened to me when I was in elementary school. Was playing baseball and slid into homeplate on my butt. At first the pain was excruciating and I could not sit straight up (putting pressure on my tail bone) for a very long time. I had to ride in the back seat of our car to get home by lying down on the seat. When it did not improve my parents took me to the dr and that is when I found out I had cracked my tail bone and there was nothing they could do for it. As time went by and I started having my well woman exams my dr informed me that my tail bone was bent forward and when I get pregnant one day, my OBGYN will advise me if that will be a problem. It wasn't as I had a C-Section, but for a different reason. It took a while but the pain finally subsided - That was a very embarrising thing to go through, but we're good now.  In a nutshell, this diagnosis is suggesting that liver disease is suspected attributable most likely to either the body's immune system attacking the hepatic system or through the liver's processing of medication(s) or herbal substances. The author of this note is essentially saying that their diagnosis was arrived at through a process of elimination (differential diagnosis). In this case, the differential diagnosis needs further confirmation and includes three possibilities: 1. Primary Biliary Cirrhosis- (although, or even though, the majority of the cells were of the intact bile epithelium type). Primary biliary cirrhosis is an autoimmune form of hepatic (liver) disease. In this situation the cells appeared to be of the intact epithelium variety which is not typical with Primary Biliary Cirrhosis.. 2. Autoimmune hepatitis- This condition may exist when the body's immune system attacks cells of the liver and causes inflammation. This possibility must be either confirmed or eliminated through two different blood tests... a.) anti-smooth muscle antibody and b.) A.N.A. and/or (It could be 1, 2, or 3 or either 1or 2 plus 3). 3. Medication or herbal supplement side effects- It is being suggested that this possibility either be confirmed or eliminated through questioning the patient about their possible usage. Check with your doctor before changing your diet, but Including carrots, beets, and spinach into the meals of a person with hepatic disease of the immunologic type has shown reports of liver system benefits. May your future health reports result in positive health details.  Your grandma more than likely has Post Polio Syndrome (PPS). Some polio survivors after many decades have a return of polio symptoms as you describe in your question. It is suspected that damage was done to some muscles during the original polio epsiode and that the remaining useful muscles, after decades of overwork, have now become weakened and unstable.The diagnosis of PPS can be difficult to make and no cure is presently available. Physicans specializing in PPS and neurologist treat its symptoms mainly with physical and occupational therapy. Some medications have had limited success in helping to reduce fatigue and pain in PPS patients.   I remember from a long ago taken anatomy class a muscle that sits in close proximity to the sciatic nerve. It is called the pirformis muscle. It is not at the top of the list for causes of sciatica, but spasms originating in the pirformis muscle can cause compression of the sciatica nerve. The pirformis muscle is situated as part of the lower spine and has the sciatic nerve running below it. Diagnostic imaging (even MRI findings) may not always detect Pitiformis Syndrome.  I hope that you've already received the answers that you're seeking along with a large dose of positive resolution.I just saw your posting today, the sixth day, and wanted to offer my help. I am not an expert in diagnosing medical conditions, but do have an education and work history directed heavily in the medical sciences. Additionally, my daughter and son-in-law have been paramedics for over 15 years. With that introduction, here are my thoughts on your symptoms and blood studies: 1. As you know , some of your symptoms can easily fit into more that one medical category. Additionally, your symptoms and out of range lab results are suggestive of irregularities that could be associated with various body organ abnormalities. Some of these conditions are very serious while many others are much more palatable. I am sure that at this point, you just want an answer. 2. My list of possible medical conditions include: - Pyelonephritis, - Diabetic Hypoglycemia, - Pancreatitis, - Miscarriage, - Pelvic Inflammatory Disease, - Stomach Cancer, and, - Diverticular Diseases of the Colon. Please feel well soon.   I did not see the original question and its answer, but will address your issue. According to H Hospital News , substantial pain is reported by approximately 60% of those individuals diagnosed with ALS. The pain level varies from patient- to -patient and is dependent on factors such as the course of disease progression. Burning, shooting pain, numbness and tingling are reported pain qualities. When acknowledged by the patient and investigated by the treating physician; pain may be seen as follows with ALS: stiffness due to localized injury to the sensory system, fat & muscle loss may be responsible for compression of nerves and pinched nerves, pain in the legs due to immobility, clenched muscles causing painful spasms, painful muscle twitching, and frozen shoulder causing a throbbing pain and sleep disturbances. I hope that my response clearly shows that significant pain is typically a part of ADL.  Without knowing your medical history or age, I'll attempt to provide you with some suggested medical conditions that are being considered based solely on your reported labs and physical complaints as follows: Note: Many of these medical conditions can share the same symptoms, and result in the same out-of-normal-range lab results, and must be ruled out of the diagnostic picture. Additionally, many of these possible medical conditions are very serious and require further evaluation by a medical expert. I'm just throwing some ideas to you in an attempt to be helpful. I hope that you obtain the answers that you're seeking and feel well soon.  You should see a doctor specializing in Lyme Disease no matter how long ago that the rash was first observed. If you have Lyme Disease, It can be, and still needs to be treated. Over 300,000 individuals per year are infected with Lyme Disease. The condition requires antibiotic treatment to eliminate all bacteria in order to stop further bodily organ damage. This bacteria will fester in the body forever until treated completely. The Lyme Disease process may start out with a skin rash, fatigue, and fever and be dismissed as being somewhat annoying, but not being worthy of medical intervention. Some later stage symptoms of the condition include heart damage, neurological defects, arthritis, and chronic fatigue syndrome. Best wishes for your improved health.  Anatomically, the right side of our abdominal cavity protects a fairly significant number of vital organs. Some possible conditions producing pain on the right side besides the pancreas include: ovarian cyst,kidney infection,gallstones, kidney stones, constipation, ectopic pregnancy, appendicitis, endometriosis, crohns disease, ulcerative colitis, gas or flatulence, pulled muscles, liver disease, and others.  ... They are essentially the same. This is when muscle fibers are torn as a result of overstretching. You can strain a tendon but when you over stretch a ligament it is called a sprain  A torn muscle usually has a visible defect and a lot of bruising. The pulled muscle is usually a few torn fibers but no visible defect seen in the muscle belly. A torn muscle is a lot of muscle fibers that are disrupted and a pulled muscle is a few muscle fibers torn.  Muscle spasms can occur from a variety of conditions. The most common after or during exercise is neuromuscular fatigue. This occurs after the nerves have basically overloaded the circuits into the muscles. The muscles go into spasms and with rest, the symptoms resolve. Other reasons for muscle spasms are an electrolyte imbalance or a nerve is being pinched. If your symptoms persist, I would see your local physician.  To treat your groin pull, I would start with: Rest It is important to rest following the injury so it can heal. Let pain be your guide on how much activity you can do. Stretching Gentle stretching should be helpful, but it should not be painful. Ice soon after the injury Ice will help calm the inflammatory response and stimulate blood flow to the area. This can be done the first 2 days after the injury. Usually 20 minutes of icing 3x a day. Heat Gentle heating before activity can help loosen the muscle. Apply a heat pack to the groin prior to stretching or exercising. Oral anti-inflammatory medications These can help relieve symptoms of pain and also calm the inflammation. Physical Therapy If you are still having pain, you should see a doctor and you may be referred to physical therapy. They can do certain treatments called modalities to help you.  So if this is what the doctor has said, that you have a pulled muscle, and you have had no relief, it is time for the "second opinion" I had pain between my shoulder blades, did all the PT, meds, everything, come to find out, I had broken my neck in two places, C3 C5, not fun. I think I would get a new MRI or CT of the spine, neck, shoulder, other things could have changed or be damaged more by now, since you report no improvement. You can not function in pain. There is a reason for pain, its the body telling you SOMETHING is wronng. So go get another opinion, if you have to have a referral, just ask your doctor for one, NO BIG DEAL, he works for you, remember? "said the nurse" LOL seriously have it all checked again, something is def wrong. Blessings and Be well  It's something I would call his pediatrician about. A physical exam can help rule out more serious causes of breast development in a boy and ease your mind. During puberty, as in other stages of life, it is not uncommon to see breast development in men. For example, a newborn baby boy can have some degree of breast development which can be completely normal. Its due to exposure to estrogen from the mother &/or the placenta during development. A health aging male can also have some degree of breast development and this would not necessarily signal a serious medical problem. These are settings in which the hormone estrogen stimulates breast development. About 40% of adolescent boys develop some degree of breast development...not to be confused with breast enlargement because of fatty tissue. You might see one or both breast develop or a boy might complain of breast tenderness. This usually resolves as the transition and hormonal changes of puberty are established. Certainly take you son to see his doctor as there can be other more serious reasons for breast development in boys. And while a physical exam may help reveal the answer, he may also need some type of breast imaging and blood test to help determine the cause.  <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p> </o:p> Within the first few days of an injury ice can help the process of healing. Applying ice to injured tissue can cause blood vessels to shrink and this makes them less capable of releasing chemicals that lead to swelling, inflammation, and pain. After a few days, it probably best to apply heat to sore muscles. This makes muscle spasms less likely and relaxes injured muscles. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> However, because the events behind every injury are different speak with your doctor first.<o:p></o:p> <o:p></o:p>  Many of the symptoms you describe are vague and could be due to a number of things including Provera. Some of the common side effects of this medication include weight gain, weak bones, headaches, fatigue, swelling. These symptoms could also be caused by a number of things such as thyroid problems. Its best to see your doctor to get evaluated and to discuss your concerns regarding contraception. There are many options available.    This sounds like fibromyalgia...I've had its close relative---Chronic Fatigue. When the pain can't be pinpointed,, sometimes I've read that fibromyalgia can be the diagnosis...also, extreme fatigue?  Here is the complete list of side effects caused on taking Cephalexin 250mg - http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/drug-information/DR603067/DSECTION=side-effects, where its been stated that Muscle ache is a rare side effect on taking this medication  Ice is typically among the first thing to do in the recovery process after strenuous exercise. Icing your muscles helps to reduce pain and decrease swelling and inflammation. Ice causes your blood vessels to narrow, which will reduce your blood flow to the muscle or injured area. Never place ice directly on your skin, however. Wrap an ice pack around a thin cloth and place on the affected muscle for ten minutes at a time. You can use ice multiple times per day for a few days after exercise, but make sure to allow for your skin to return to room temperature before icing after each 10 minute interval. Heat is typically applied to uscles or injuries that do not have swelling or inflammation. Heat will cause your blood vessels to expand, which improves circulation and allows more blood to go to the affected area. Heat can be useful for chronic injuries and muscle soreness or it can be used before exercise to stimulate blood flow and help prepare the muscle for exercise. Heat should also not be directly applied to skin and should be used for short 10-15 minute intervals. Always check with your doctor before starting treatment of an injury, especially if the condition worsens or fails to improve.  Its difficult to determine causation/correlation in this instance. Some studies have shown that there may be a correlation between creatine and high blood pressure, but there may not be enough evidence yet to support causation. A function of creatine is that it can withhold water in your muscles; and having more water in your body can raise blood pressure. For this reason, diuretics (water pills), for example, are commonly prescribed to alleviate high blood pressure by eliminating excess water and sodium from your body. Accordingly, it makes sense to think that creatine could raise blood pressure. I would encourage the individuals that you speak with to discontinue supplement use while monitoring any changes in their blood pressure. There can be many factors that influence blood pressure, but if they discontinue supplement use and dont notice any change in blood pressure after some time, then creatine may not be the culprit. Regardless, if they already have high blood pressure, supplementation is not recommended because both creatine and high blood pressure can cause kidney problems. Excess protein in your diet can also cause kidney problems as well. It may just be prudent to discontinue supplement use altogether as long as their blood pressure isn't within normal limits. Of course, I would always encourage that you suggest that they speak with their doctor first before taking any supplements. My response is also just for learning purposes and is not meant to replace medical advice from a physician. Read more about creatine here .  Your body prefers not to use amino acids, the building blocks of muscle, as an energy source unless it has to because its simply not the most efficient way for your body to get the energy it needs. Your body will typically use the more efficient means of attaining energy first. Weight lifting and aerobic exercise can complement each other well, but If you have concerns with not being able to gain muscle mass, keep the aerobic exercise at a moderate amount. It might be best to refrain from doing overly excessive endurance aerobic events. Try doing high intensity interval training. Interval training involves coupling short bursts of high intensity exercise with less intense recovery periods. For example, you could run on a treadmill for 1 minute at 8mph and then jog for 30 seconds at 6mph, repeating for a total of 10 to 15 minutes. This is just an example to illustrate the point; you can do different intensity levels and different work to rest ratios. Consider also doing circuit training, which is a workout regimen involving resistance training with very little rest in between exercise sets. This form of exercise is high intensity and helps keep your heart rate elevated so that it can function as aerobic exercise while providing a foundation for muscular strength and endurance. Lastly, make sure that you are getting enough protein in your diet. The essential amino acids necessary for muscular growth and development can only be obtained through dietary intake. If youre not getting enough protein, you wont be building muscle regardless of your activity.  ... I have recently treated a patient with a similar problem that had the same "deep itch" complaint. SHe said it was like an itch she could not scratch. We ended up sending her for graston, which is an extreme form of deep tissue massage. I think this itch may be from tiny scar bands that are holding onto a small part of the injured area creating this problem. Sometimes if the Graston does not work I will do a simple injection (if indicated) and that will resolve the itching although I do not do this if the only symptom is that nagging itch.  ...Muscle does not turn to fat. Muscle is muscle and fat is fat. With a sedentary lifestyle muscle atrophies and you develop more fat stores thus your body changes. It is not some magic cell transformation.  ... Actually sometimes complete ruptures only cause pain in the immediate post injury period. The best example I can give is people with significant tendinosis of the long head of the bicep tendon. This tendon goes from intra-articular to extra-articular and then down the arm in front. When inflamed it can be quite painful causing chronic anterior shoulder pain. For some, this tendon eventually ruptures; they have a shot of severe pain, swelling and bruising and then their chronic shoulder pain is gone. Their bicep muscle looks different, but the pain is better. ...Do not use only pain as your guide. Weakness or other functional deficits can also be a sign of a complete rupture with or without severe pain. An MRI will definitely identify the extent of the muscle injury and it is a non-invasive test that gives you a lot of information.  Depending on x-ray results to verify: a pinched nerve could be a main factor, coupled with excessive strain and lack of rest/sleep. "pinched nerve" is a colloquial term and not a true medical term. It is used to describe one type of damage or injury to a nerve or set of nerves.  Everything I have read says cold. If there is tissue damage, the cold constricts blood flow, which reduces spread of cellular components which can cause rupture of nearby cells, making the injury worse and longer to heal.  Somtimes what contributes to soreness is  I Your first medication is about a year ago. So, facts may have changed.. Please avoid taking medicines without consulting your doctor. I suggest consulting same doctor who treated you earlier. Sorry, as I cannot give you a direct answer.  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Unfortunately, it's not possible to diagnose what this lump might be without doing a physical examination. The good news is it's unlikely this lump is a cancer. It's possible the lump is a cyst, a lipoma (non-cancerous fatty tumor), or an umbilical hernia. I urge you to make an appointment to see your primary care provider for an exam. This will help set your mind at ease, and your provider will be able to recommend a treatment, if necessary. Hope this helps!  Yes, I'm sure there is a rational explanation for this. The problem is you won't get that explanation unless you see a medical professional for a physical exam. Before I jumped to a conclusion of , I'd think in terms of less-scary explanations, like a problem with a disc in your neck. That might account for the arm weakness. Muscle twitching can be caused by several things, including a mild potassium deficiency. Is the toe twitching related to the arm weakness? Maybe. Maybe not. Your primary health care provider is in the best position to start putting all the pieces of this puzzle together because he or she knows your medical history, current medications and supplements, and so on. I'd suggest you call and make an appointment to get the ball rolling toward a diagnosis. Meanwhile, I wouldn't get too worried about this being something scary like MS. We'll both hope it's something easily explained and easily treated. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. My best advice is to go back to the doctor. Even though the initial diagnosis was muscular pain, that's not the final word on the matter. If your symptoms are continuing to go on for months after the diagnosis, this deserves to be re-investigated. It can frequently take several follow-up exams to accurately diagnose a condition. Returning to the same health care provider who first diagnosed you would be a great move because he or she will want to know that your symptoms haven't gotten better. And you can also let him or her know about these new symptoms (skyrocketing blood pressure and hammering heart). Many conditions reveal themselves slowly, so the more complete your medical history becomes with a single medical provider, the more accurate a picture that provider can get of your health. I hope you feel better soon!  I'd suggest you consult a medical professional about this. It could be something as simple as dry eyes due to the winter season, but since these symptoms came on so suddenly and severely, it also could be that you have developed an eye infection called . Until you can get this diagnosed, be sure to wash and dry your hands thoroughly many times a day, especially before touching your eyes. If this is conjunctivitis, it's highly contagious. Even if it's not pinkeye, you don't want to risk spreading any possible infection to others. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're coping with this. You received good advice at the time of the injury. Most do get resorbed by the body over time. However, a small percentage do not. Instead, they can become encapsulated and feel like a hard, painful lump beneath the skin. It's time for you to have this hematoma re-evaluated. It's possible you're one of the unlucky few whose hematoma became encapsulated. If that's the case, the usual treatment is a minor surgery to remove it. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Muscle spasms can be very painful, and it's miserable to feel you have to monitor every movement to make sure your back doesn't seize up again! I'd suggest you return to your health care provider to discuss this issue. Your provider may want to prescribe physical therapy or recommend certain range-of-motion exercises to help you get back to normal. Your provider also may want to evaluate your posture and " ," which means the way you move. Practicing good body mechanics is essential for preventing back pain and injury. I hope you're able to get this problem resolved soon!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. How awful! You're right that certain antibiotics can cause an imbalance of "good flora" in the intestines and allow a bacterium called (C. diff.) to take over. You should get checked out for this by your health care provider because, if you do have C. diff, you need to be treated for it. Clostridium difficile is highly contagious. To avoid transmitting it to other people, make sure you wash your hands frequently and thoroughly with warm, soapy water. Antibacterial hand rubs do not work against C. diff. The chest pain symptom may or may not be related to the antibiotic therapy. Several conditions can cause the chest pain symptom you describe. In women, a condition called can cause the symptoms you describe. Costochondroitis is basically an inflammation of the cartilage between the ribs and breastbone. However, because all of your symptoms occurred after the antibiotic usage, you should report these side effects to your health care provider as soon as possible. He or she will be able to thoroughly evaluate your symptoms and develop an appropriate treatment plan. Best wishes!  The best answer to your question is this: Consult your physician. You're smart to think about the "blood thinning" properties of over-the-counter pain relievers, given you're on coumadin (warfarin). Generally speaking, it's not wise to take any NSAID -- such as aspirin, naproxyn or ibuprofen -- when you're taking warfarin or another anti-clotting drug. In this case, acetaminophen (Tylenol) is your only over-the-counter option. However, you should ask your health care provider what to do in your specific case. Everyone is different, and your provider may be able to give you a prescription pain reliever that will not interact with the warfarin. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Whenever the skin and/or muscle gets cut, scar tissue will form. This scar tissue can cause pain and an uncomfortable tightness at the incision site. One thing you can try is scar massage. Just literally use your fingers to massage the incision line fairly aggressively to help "break down" some of the scar tissue. It's best to perform scar massage earlier, usually starting around the 3-month post-surgery mark, but you might still get some relief by doing scar massage today. I suggest you let your gynecologist know about this pain the next time you get a check-up, too. It's possible the pain feels as if it's coming from the incision when it's actually caused by something else (vaginal dryness or another cause). If that's the case, then scar massage obviously won't help! But you can get an opinion about what to do to help the pain. Wishing you well!  At 10 months, the fusion should be doing quite well under most circumstances. Also, a today usually involves a permanent spacer that's screwed to the vertebrae, and this is very durable. However, certain groups (like smokers or those who take certain medications) may have slower-healing fusions than others. If you're concerned that you injured your fusion, you'd be wise to call your surgeon's office for an appointment or at least to speak to the nurse or physician assistant by phone. Hope this helps!  Yes, you certainly can from freaking out. If I had a nickel for every patient who fainted from stress when receiving an injection or having an IV started, I'd be one rich nurse! Frequently, when a person passes out from stress, it's due to what's called a "vasovagal response." This refers to a momentary malfunction of the parts of the nervous system (including the vagus nerve) that regulate the heart rate. Heart slows down, blood vessels dilate, blood pressure drops, and you pass out. However, you seem to faint more than would normally be expected. Vasovagal syncope (the fancy medical term for fainting while freaking out) usually requires a strong trigger. I would think back relaxation would bring on feelings of euphoria, not stress that causes fainting. Because you're still having fainting episodes after several months, it's time to go back to the doctor to see if something besides a vasovagal response is causing this. Also, if you can feel a fainting episode coming on, try to quickly sit down on the ground before you fall. And always try to protect your head. Best to you!  Unfortunately, it's no possible to diagnose this over the internet. Although 28 years old sounds young for heart problems, it's not impossible. If you're overweight, sedentary, smoke, or have a family history of heart attack, then you're at higher risk yourself. If you're having any of these , you should seek emergency medical services by calling 911: Crushing pain, squeezing sensation, or fullness in the mid-chest that lasts for more than a few minutes or that comes and goes episodically Pain or discomfort that extends beyond your chest, particularly pain or discomfort that radiates into the left jaw, left arm, or left back areas Shortness of breath Cold sweats, nausea, anxiety As you can see, since anxiety can be a symptom of heart problems, it's impossible to distinguish the two via the web. Only an EKG and some blood tests can say for sure if the trouble's with your ticker or something else. If you do not feel you're having an acute heart attack, you may be OK to simply make an appointment with your health care provider at your earliest convenience. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear about your troubles. I'm glad you made an appointment with your surgeon because that was the best action you could take. If you're not allergic to any medications, you could try some over-the-counter pain relievers for this, but if you're in a lot of pain I imagine you've already tried that. You can try combining acetaminophen (Tylenol) with a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) like ibuprofen to see if that gives you better relief. Just do not exceed the maximum daily dosing of either medication. You also might try applying heat or cold, or alternating the application of heat and cold. Remember never to place a heating pad or ice pack directly on the skin. The usual regimen for either one is 20 minutes on and 20 minutes off. If none of that works, you might call your neurosurgeon's office and ask to speak to his or her nurse or physician assistant (PA). They may be able to help you with some pain medication to manage your pain until you can be seen. Good luck to you!  I wouldn't worry about this too much. It doesn't sound abnormal to me. Different things "turn on" different people. Maybe oral sex just isn't your thing. You can choose to analyze this and possibly discover why receiving oral sex makes you feel tense, or you can choose to focus on engaging in sexual activities that give you pleasure. That's how it sizes up, to me. As long as you're not having other problems, you can be pretty confident the lack of orgasm during oral sex is merely an issue of personal preference. If you find this truly bothersome, I'd suggest seeking out a counselor or psychotherapist with experience in sexual dysfunction. He or she should be able to help you sort this out pretty quickly. All the best to you!  Do you also get a little lightheaded during these episodes? If so, you're probably experiencing a bit of , which is a fancy term that means your blood pressure drops a bit when you stand up. This can happen because gravity pulls blood down into your legs when you stand, and it takes the body a moment to get that blood redistributed back up to the brain again. Even if you're not experiencing lightheadedness, what you're hearing likely is the blood being pumped north after it's been pulled south when you stand up. That whooshing you hear is the heart and baroreceptors working quickly to pump blood upstairs. If this has started recently, you might want to consider drinking more water. Orthostatic hypotension is, by definition, an issue of low blood pressure. By increasing your water intake, you'll increase the overall volume in your blood vessels and possibly avoid the symptoms you describe. Orthostatic hypotension, in and of itself, usually isn't dangerous. But if you begin fainting or having trouble with balance, then it's time to call the doctor because your symptoms could indicate some underlying problem. I hope this helps!  A fall like the one you describe definitely can cause muscle stiffness and soreness throughout the entire body. In fact, a fall like that can cause painful back spasms, in particular. You should see a doctor if: Symptoms get worse after 3 days or so You begin to have difficulty breathing or shortness of breath You begin to run a fever You experience numbness, shock-like pains, or a "running water" sensation in your arms or hands You have difficulty urinating Otherwise, you probably are safe to take a wait-and-see approach to this. Muscle spasms and soreness may resolve on their own, or they may require medical intervention. Only time will tell. Feel better soon!  Unfortunately, there's no solid answer to your question. Muscle pain and weakness, such as the pain you describe, is a known . Statin medications are used to . I'm guessing your health care provider switched you from simvastatin to atorvastatin to see if it would help your upper arm pain. The answer remains to be seen. If your arm pain clears up, then great! If it doesn't, then I'd recommend you go back to your health care provider to discuss the situation. There are many statin drugs to choose from. Just because you experience a side effect from one of them does not mean you'll experience side effects from all of them. I hope this helps. Good luck to you!  Whether or not you have insurance, if you are experiencing any of these symptoms, you must go to the emergency room immediately: A crushing, squeezing, or burning pain, pressure, or fullness in the center of the chest. The pain may radiate to the neck, one or both arms, the shoulders, or the jaw. The chest discomfort lasts more than a few minutes. It can diminish in intensity and return. Shortness of breath, dizziness Nausea, heartburn, or upset stomach Sweating or feeling "the chills" A weak, fast pulse An irregular heart beat Cold, clammy skin, or a gray color to the face Fainting or loss of consciousness Fatigue These are the symptoms of a heart attack . My purpose is not to alarm you but to inform you so that you can assess your symptoms and make an appropriate decision about what to do. Even without insurance, you can access health care in most cities. If you don't know how to access free or low-cost care in your area, call your local hospital or a crisis hotline. They will be able to provide you with resources for free and low-cost health care so you can get this problem checked out. Good luck to you!  The steroid preparation that has been linked to the fungal meningitis outbreak was compounded (that is, made by hand instead of being manufactured in large batches) by a pharmacy in New England. The steroid of the type you're describing is usually a manufactured product that is widely used to treat rashes, allergies, and other ailments. So, to answer your question, you are at very low to no risk of contracting fungal meningitis from receiving an intramuscular injection of a mass-produced steroid product. However, you should also discuss this issue with your health care provider. He or she can set your mind at ease. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Few things are as painful as leg cramps! Two common causes of lower leg cramps are dehydration and low potassium levels in the blood. So your first potential solution is to simply drink more water. If you have high blood pressure, you should consult your physician before you substantially increase your water intake, but in general drinking a few extra glasses of water a day isn't going to hurt you. If you have high blood pressure and take a "water pill" (diuretic), you should find out if it is a "potassium-sparing" type of not. If your diuretic is not potassium-sparing, you should be taking a prescription potassium pill. Again, if you're uncertain about these things you should consult your doctor. I don't recommend people run out and start taking potassium supplements, which you can buy over the counter, to cure leg cramps. Potassium is a key mineral for heart function, and overdosing on potassium can cause serious heart rhythm abnormalities. However, eating potassium-rich foods like sweet potatoes, tomato sauce and whole beans (like navy beans or pinto beans) not only will increase your serum (blood) potassium levels to possibly help the leg cramps, but they will be diet-friendly for your diabetes. Everything I've told you here is based on the assumption you don't have a lot of other health issues (besides the diabetes) going on, and that you don't take a lot of medications. Many medications and co-existing medical conditions can cause lower leg cramps. So it's always a good idea to let your medical professional know what's going on. Wishing you well!  I have had gall bladder problems in the past. I suffered from what seemed to be a muscle that pops out. I went to the doctor and he suggested that I had gallstones. I had an ultrasound done and none showed up. I am on cholesterol medicine but I still get the pain once in a while. No one seems to have an answer..  HI when I have lets say about Four glass of water or when my bladder gets full or even Three bottles of beer  no not on any meds  You could try a specific lumbar stretch: Lie on the floor (get there any which way you can!) and with knees bent, tighten you abdominal muscles and focus on trying to eliminate the space between the natural lumbar curve and the floor by pushing down.  hi...........  I had an extremely high metabolic rate and was an athlete competing in martial arts. I had to gain weight to compete with stronger opponents in a heavier weight class. Let's keep it simple, 3 key elements will allow you to gain muscle mass/weight. 1. Rest - Get two days/week of rest to recover from training. You grow when you're resting. You can split up the 2 days or have it simultaneously. Take it easy on those days and don't do anything too physical. 2. Train - Lift heavy weights with low reps for 1 1/2 hour and then do another 30 min of plyometrics. Next day, do it in reverse. Repeat this cycle throughout the week. If you're an athlete, you'll need to extend training time up to 3 hrs in one day. When running, do sprints. Do high impact, high intensity exericises. Do not perform long-distance, endurance training. If you have to run, don't go over 3 miles. 3. Eat - Consume a lot of carbs from veggies and fruits. 3/4 of your meal should be carbs to give you energy and pack on necessary fat. 1/4 of your meal should be protein to build muscle. Contrary to popular beliefs, you need plenty of fat storage in order for the body to be healthy and build muscle. Consuming protein volume based on your body weight is not accurate for everyone, some bodies will not utilize extra protein. You want that carb for energy to push harder and grow bigger/stronger. Eat pasta, rice, and potatos with every meal. You will bulk up in size/strength, adding 10 lbs of muscle like me within a month. If you get too bulky, and need to trim down to make weight for athletic competition, then reverse the diet, eat more protein and less carbs. Always drink a ton of water! Find people with similar goals to train with! It's not just about building your body, it's also about building a community. Good luck!  The liver is responsible for metabolizing Vicoden and alcohol. The liver can metabolize only a certain amount of alcohol per hour, regardless of the amount that has been consumed. The rate of alcohol metabolism depends, in part, on the amount of metabolizing enzymes in the liver, which varies among individuals and appears to have genetic determinants. In general, after the consumption of one standard drink, the amount of alcohol in a drinker's blood (blood alcohol concentration, or BAC) peaks within 30 to 45 minutes. (A standard drink is defined as 12 oz of beer, 5 oz of wine, or 1.5 oz of 80-proof distilled spirits, all of which contain the same amount of alcohol.) Alcohol is metabolized more slowly than it is absorbed. Since the metabolism of alcohol is slow, consumption needs to be controlled to prevent accumulation in the body and intoxication. Everyones metabolism by the liver can vary depending on several different factors, including age, food consumption, body weight, gender, and most importantly and most controllably, drug-drug interactions. Alcohol has a drug-drug interaction with acetaminophen (Tylenol). Many studies have shown that liver damage can occur with the combination of acetaminophen and alcohol.  Antidepressants can have different side affects, but I would think that perhaps the Abilify might be the culprit. It might be too much along with the Zoloft. I have heard many complain about it. The Gabapentin is good for neuropathy, restless leg syndrome, and several other related symptoms. A properly working antidepressant should help alleviate anxiety, restlessness, sadness, and insomnia, not get you all wound up physically and mentally.  I HAD TAKEN ZOLOFT FOR 3 YEARS AND STARTED TO GET SEVERE RESTLESS LEG SYNDROME AND COULD NOT SLEEP AT NIGHT. MY DOCTOR TOOK ME OFF ZOLOFT AND THE PROBLEM WENT AWAY QUICKLY.  Sorry for the continuation, but I feel as much info as possible needs to be given. There has been no change in diet, exercise, or schedule (sleeping, work etc). There has been no added stress in life recently either. No matter what time of day, the pressure on the center of my neck (not the side muscles), as stated a thumb pressing "up into my skull" gives me a sort of orgasmic feeling, as if I didn't know I needed relief. More so it is the feeling of breathing 100% oxygen. (I work on aircraft oxygen systems and often test them. The pressure on my neck gives the same sort of "coming to, or awakening" that breathing 100% oxygen does). During a Migraine, this pressure point provides the most "instant" relief possible. I have been to my (military) PCM numerous times now, with no avail. Also my healthcare currently isn't accepting off-base referrals. Therefore, I am not able to see a Neurologist, or a radiology center fora CT scan. Thanks in advance for any help provided. -J  From a male who has traveled to Asia. Asian women in the bedroom--- Excel ! Far, Far, superior to American women! Asian women for 2 thousand years have practiced abdominal exercises that are meant to please the man, keep the man!! American women who have traveled to Asia have picked up on this-- done Keigel exercises, lower abdominal exercises, love the results. Better control sexually, better control in birthing,, post pregnancy, husbands love these women!! For overall health the abdominal muscles provide the gateway for better endurance,sexuality,, overall health,, love making in all aspects. Try doing the Keigel exercises,, lower stomach muscles, you will find the hard work worth every effort . Our ancestors worked hard , were in great shape, not fat. had great stomach muscles.!! And --funny thing--divorce rate was very low!! Go for it!!  While it's possible for people to experience muscle stimulation from pacemakers, it's typically the diaphragm, as it lies close the the right ventricle, which is actually being paced. While I can't diagnose the cause of your muscle twitching in this forum, I would guess that left pectoralis stimulation would be pretty unlikely, particularly if it doesn't seem related to your heart rate. Always helpful to get checked out by your doctor if you have any concerns.  Two ultrasound studies of women who exercised their vaginal muscles did find that their muscles were thicker and stronger after pelvic floor muscle training. Among women with urine leakage, their thinner muscles became the thickness of healthy women's pelvic floor muscles. Additionally, they had less urine leakage -- whether the problem was from stress or urge types of incontinence. The use of vaginal cones and/or Kegel exercises to increase muscle strength were both found to improve tone and decrease urine loss. While some of these studies did not measure vaginal tightness per se, when muscle bulk is increased, a woman can voluntarily contract those muscles to make the vaginal opening tighter.  Despite the fact that most every discussion of Kegel exercises includes improved sex, there are not many scientific studies to back up this claim. One recent publication reported on sexual function and pelvic muscle factors for some 2,800 women. Women who delivered only by Caesarean section (and their partners) perceived they had better vaginal tone leading to improved sexual satisfaction. Women who were currently doing pelvic muscle exercises scored much better on sexual satisfaction questions than women who did not. Women with incontinence (probably thinner muscles) scored the worst on the sex questions.  you could probably be smiling less, or frowning more. If you notice a frown on your face when you feel your face drooping, that's probably the cause.  A pound of fat and a pound of muscle weigh the same. The difference is that a pound of muscle is denser, and therefore, takes up much less surface area, than fat. If you were to look at five pounds of muscle and five pounds of fat, the fat would take up much more volume. It is possible for you to lose fat and gain muscle without a change in body weight because you are building muscle through exercising. Sometimes, your body fat percentage can be a better indicator than the number on the scale, and you can get this tested by a medical professional.  It depends on the condition of the bruise. Usually It takes about 2 weeks for a bruise to heel. A bruise means broken blood vessels inside your skin. The color comes from red blood cells leaking out of the broken blood vessels. Bruises are caused by deep pressure like an object hitting the skin with a certain amount of pressure. The bluish color comes from the skin metabolizing meaning breaking down the blood cells that leaked out of the broken blood vessels. It shows that your body is healing itself. After about 5 days the bruise becomes a yellowish green and after 10-14 days the bruise fades out.  I would suggest you visit this site - How To Get Ripped.There you can find a customized nutrition and weight training plan based on details you fill in. Like age, weight, height, metabolism and body type. You can also read my story, it contains information about my struggle. Meybe you will find it heplful. Good Luck  Muscle-strengthening exercises include activities where you move your body against gravity or move a weight or some other resistance. They are also called resistance exercises. Muscle-strengthening exercises include lifting weights, using elastic exercise bands, using weight machines or lifting your own body weight. Yoga and Pilates are also muscle-strengthening exercises. However, people with osteoporosis may need to avoid or modify certain positions in these activities. If you've broken bones in the spine due to osteoporosis or notice that you have lost height from what you recall as your young adulthood height, be very careful to avoid activities that require reaching far, bending forward, rapid twisting, heavy lifting and those that increase your chance of a fall. Muscle-strengthening exercises should be done two to three days a week. You should try to do at least one exercise for each major muscle group.  Valium is actually safe to continue to use, especially when you are under a physician or healthcare provider supervision. It's good to hear that it worked, but you want to be careful about mixing it with other medications. You also want to be careful about drinking alcohol with it, because alcohol can make the drowsiness side effect more intense. You want to take it when you need it and then see how you feel. I always tell patients when they are using muscle relaxers, that in some cases it might make you more tired than what you think. So take it at home first, before you go out driving or operating any type of machinery, and see, okay, I am a little too tired, I am not going to go to the store right now. I am going to wait till I feel a little bit better about it. But once again, keep a diary to make sure that it's working for you. If you have some more side effects, talk to your pharmacist. We will look it up and see if that's a common side effect, and possibly refer you back to your physician or healthcare provider.  I would really like to ask how you feel and if this is taking care of the pain? If you are still is pain, have you spoken to your doctor or health care provider to let them know? You should not take more than what was prescribed. What we are finding out is that pain therapy has to be individualized and that is why it's important to let your doctor or health care provider know if you are still experiencing pain -- they may need to adjust your medications. It is fine to take the naproxen and Robaxin together because they work differently to treat pain.  Fat is less dense than muscle so it takes up more space than muscle. However, one pound of muscle weighs the same as one pound of fat.  Yes, it will make them tighter. That's the exercise my gynecologist told me to do after I had a baby. It really worked for me, my husband could tell the difference. If you don't know how to do them, you hold in the muscles that you use if you had to pee, for a few seconds, then release, then hold again. You can do them all day at your desk, home, or driving in your car. The more you use these muscles, the quicker you'll see results.  Yes, it will make them tighter. That's the exercise my gynecologist told me to do after I had a baby. It really worked for me, my husband could tell the difference. If you don't know how to do them, you hold in the muscles that you use if you had to pee, for a few seconds, then release, then hold again. You can do them all day at your desk, home, or driving in your car. The more you use those muscles, the quicker your results.  Try Yoga. The knots are due more than likely to stress. So Yoga is a way to let go of stress, and probably do something nice for your heart too.  It is possible. If you are experiencing bothersome or severe side effects from a medication you are taking, you should consult your health-care professional.  There are many possible causes of muscle twitches at night, especially when taking a combination of medications like these, which can affect your nervous system. If this symptom is new or bothersome, you should consult your physician.  There are several types of pain associated with PD. Hip or shoulder pain - particularly on the side most affected by PD - may be an early sign of PD. However, other joint pain, is likely from arthritis. Muscle pain from PD may be divided into a cramping type pain usually from a wearing off from medications, or stiffness from lack of medications. Treatment includes medication adjustment and exercise - particularly light stretching.  Based on my experience over the years, I think FM makes our muscles more susceptible to strains, or tears/injuries within the muscles. Also, we seem to be more susceptible to getting tendinitis and bursitis. Some of this may be due to certain deficiencies that we with fibro develop, like low intracellular magnesium levels, low muscle energy (ATP), and low growth hormone levels that interfere with the protection, flexibility and recovery of the muscles and soft tissues. Our soft tissues may be more susceptible to the degenerative "wear and tear" changes we all get with aging and overuse. Also, our muscles act more "deconditioned" when we have FM, which increases our chance of an injury. FM doesn't cause/aggravate disc disease or arthritis changes, but the reverse situation is true. That is, disc and arthritic disease can aggravate FM symptoms. I don't believe in automatically attributing any soft tissue problem to FM.... In fact, most of the times something else, like a trauma or a degenerative problem, is "clearly" identified as the direct cause of the tear or bursitis/tendinitis. But we can surmise that the FM probably played a secondary role in a lot of these situations.  I here this a great deal at the school I teach at. If you really want to gain some weight you need to develop a comprehensive nutrition and exercise plan. First, keep a food diary for three days. Are you really eating as much as you think? When counseling athletes at school I generally recommend they consume 1.8-2.0 grams of protein a day per kilogram of body weight. So for you at 150 lbs = 68 kilograms that would put your protein needs in the range of 122 -136 grams a day. Now that you know what your eating and how much protein you need. Develop an eating plan. Here's an example: Breakfast 1 large egg scrambled 1 cup old fashioned oat with one tablespoon honey 1 banana 1 cup skim milk Protein in meal = 20 grams Lunch 2 grilled chicken breasts (8 ounces) 2 cups of veggies (broccoli, green beans, califlower) 1 apple 1 serving greek yogurt Protein in meal = 69 grams Dinner 1 servings baked pork tenderloin (3 ounces) remove all fat 2 cups of veggies 1 banana 1/2 cup fat free cottage cheese Protein in meal = 38 grams Snacks 1 apple with 2 tablespoons of peanut butter (protein: 7 grams) 1/4 cup sunflower seed, string cheese, fruit (protein: 12 grams) Total Protein for the day = 147 grams Notice there's no junk food (chips, soft drinks, etc) or any expensive supplements just good solid nutritional foods. Regarding exercise, the best way to add weight is by adding muscle. To do this you need a well thought out strength training plan. Follow the link pasted below to find a great beginners workout on webMD As you advance you can find some additional info here Like I said earlier the key to healthy weight gain is with a comprehensive nutrition and exercise plan both of which you can find here at webMD. To be on the safe side, be sure to check with your physician before starting.  The goal should not be to lower your metabolism, but to start feeding yourself better and reap the benefits of activity, which can result in muscle gain. It doesn't matter if you get adequate protein if you are missing out on other important, nonprotein calories and nutrients. That's because inadequate carbohydrate and fat intake (total calories) means protein is used for energy instead of for muscle formation. Exercising more can increase your appetite and weight training can gradually help you put on muscle. It may take time to see results but because muscle weighs more than fat, you are likely to gain weight. Here are some tips: Eat regular meals and snacks every day. Try to plan your meals ahead of time and have items you can put together for quick and healthy meals. Gradually build a list of balanced meals you can make for yourself. Include 3-5 food groups at meals including a whole grain, lean protein, fruits, vegetables, dairy and healthy fats. For example, in the morning you might have a big bowl of oatmeal topped with fruit and nuts and a side boiled egg. Include 2-3 food groups at snack time which may consist of cheese and whole grain crackers or an apple with peanut butter or half a meat sandwich with veggie sticks. Gradually increase exercise to include cardiovascular exercise and resistance training. For tips on how to exercise to build muscle, see this article. What you may discover during this process is how much better you feel by moving more and eating better. You won't regret starting on a healthier road!  The key is to get the cause of the weight loss under control which it sounds like have started to do.  I think the main question you need to ask is why is your son eating so little and not gaining weight? Is he a picky eater? Sensitive to textures? Has he been pressured to eat much of his life which can cause early satiety (fullness)? Does he exhibit red flags for an eating disorder? If there is an underlying problem, you need to work on that before the food part can get better. I highly recommend you see a pediatric dietitian to help you -- go to eatright.org to find one in your area. In the meantime, here are some other things you can at home: To answer your question, there is nothing magical about protein shakes that will help him gain weight. Instead, focus on increasing calories and nutrition where you can. You can try fruit smoothies with added protein (make sure he likes the taste)-- try fruit, whole fat yogurt, orange juice with added protein powder. Have regular meals and snacks at the table in a relaxing atmosphere and without pressuring him to eat. Include whole-fat dairy products such a whole milk, whole yogurt and cheese. Add fat to foods including avocado with sandwiches, oil to veggies and peanut butter on bread. Ensure adequate protien by including sources at meals and snacks (eggs, nuts, meat, beans and dairy) The key is always to address the problem at its root. Good luck!  It sounds like you are losing weight and your body is changing. Here are some tips that might help:  It's too early to tell. This study did show that higher levels of trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) are associated with increased heart disease risk. And, yes, dietary choline found in eggs and meat is metabolized into TMAO. But this does not prove cause and effect and they don't know if lowering TMAO will lower heart disease risk. Also, there are other dietary factors that should be looked at such as the consumption of fermented foods, probiotics and prebiotics which promote beneficial bacteria. Whenever there is preliminary research like this, more studies are needed to confirm a relationship. It's too soon to make a recommendation that people avoid choline-rich foods like eggs. Don't forget there are other sources of choline such as wheat germ and broccoli in addition to animal products. For more on this study see this link and for more about Choline click here.  Although biotin does play a role in amino acid metabolism, there are no studies (that I can find) that show taking biotin decreases lactic acid production. If someone is deficient in biotin it could limit performance or muscle formation but that is unlikely. If you are getting enough through diet, you probably don't need to supplement. For more on lactic acid and biotin see these articles: Exercise and Lactic Acidosis Biotin Supplement Guide  Muscle weighs more than fat.....  If you're training for an endurance event like a marathon, when you might run 60 miles or more per week, you'll almost always see a decrease in your muscle mass. For most of us, who do more moderate amounts of physical activity, there will be minimal, if any, loss in muscle mass from aerobic exercise -- so there's nothing to worry about. If you do plan on lots of aerobic exercise and are concerned about losing muscle, try starting with 20-30 minutes of moderate aerobic exercise (at 50% to 70% of your maximum heart rate) two to three days per week, and see how it goes.  A muscle cramp is an involuntarily and forcibly contracted muscle that does not relax. When we use the muscles that can be controlled voluntarily, such as those of our arms and legs, they alternately contract and relax as we move our limbs. Muscles that support our head, neck, and trunk contract similarly in a synchronized fashion to maintain our posture. A muscle (or even a few fibers of a muscle) that involuntarily (without consciously willing it) contracts is in a "spasm." If the spasm is forceful and sustained, it becomes a cramp. Muscle cramps cause a visible or palpable hardening of the involved muscle. Muscle cramps can last anywhere from a few seconds to a quarter of an hour or occasionally longer. It is not uncommon for a cramp to recur multiple times until it finally goes away. The cramp may involve a part of a muscle, the entire muscle, or several muscles that usually act together, such as those that flex adjacent fingers. Some cramps involve the simultaneous contraction of muscles that ordinarily move body parts in opposite directions. Cramps are extremely common. Almost everyone (one estimate is about 95%) experiences a cramp at some time in their life. Cramps are common in adults and become increasingly frequent with aging. However, children also experience cramps. Any of the muscles that are under our voluntary control (skeletal muscles) can cramp. Cramps of the extremities, especially the legs and feet, and most particularly the calf (the classic "charley horse"), are very common. Involuntary muscles of the various organs (uterus, blood vessel wall, bowels, bile and urine passages, bronchial tree, etc.) are also subject to cramps. Cramps of the involuntary muscles will not be further considered in this review. This article focuses on cramps of skeletal muscle.  Several vitamin deficiency states may directly or indirectly lead to muscle cramps. These include deficiencies of thiamine (B1), pantothenic acid (B5), and pyridoxine (B6). The role of deficiency of these vitamins in causing cramps is unknown.  Activity: Authorities recommend stretching before and after exercise or sports, along with an adequate warm-up and cooldown, to prevent cramps that are caused by vigorous physical activity. Good hydration before, during, and after the activity is important, especially if the duration exceeds one hour, and replacement of lost electrolytes (especially sodium and potassium, which are major components of perspiration) can also be helpful. Excessive fatigue, especially in warm weather, should be avoided. How much should I drink? Hydration guidelines should be individualized for each person. The goal is to prevent excessive weight loss (>2% of body weight). You should weigh yourself before and after exercise to see how much fluid you lose through sweat. One liter of water weighs 2.25 pounds. Depending on the amount of exercise, temperature and humidity, body weight, and other factors, you can lose anywhere from approximately .4 to 1.8 liters per hour. Pre-exercise hydration (if needed): During exercise: Under these conditions, adding modest amounts of salt (0.3 g/L to 0.7 g/L) can offset salt loss in sweat and minimize medical events associated with electrolyte imbalances (for example, muscle cramps, hyponatremia). Post-exercise: Pregnancy: Supplemental calcium and magnesium have each been shown to help prevent cramps associated with pregnancy. An adequate intake of both of these minerals during pregnancy is important for this and other reasons, but supervision by a qualified health-care practitioner is essential. Dystonic cramps: Cramps that are induced by repetitive non-vigorous activities can sometimes be prevented or minimized by careful attention to ergonomic factors such as wrist supports, avoiding high heels, adjusting chair position, activity breaks, and using comfortable positions and equipment while performing the activity. Learning to avoid excessive tension while executing problem activities can help. Rest cramps: Night cramps and other rest cramps can often be prevented by regular stretching exercises, particularly if done before going to bed. Even the simple calf-stretching maneuver, if held for 10 to 15 seconds and repeated two or three times just before going to bed, can be a great help in preventing nocturnal cramps. The maneuver can be repeated each time you get up to go to the bathroom during the night and also once or twice during the day. Another important aspect of prevention of night cramps is adequate calcium and magnesium. Calcium intake of at least 1 gram daily is reasonable, and 1.5 grams may be appropriate, particularly for women with or at risk for osteoporosis. An extra dose of calcium at bedtime may help prevent cramps. Supplemental magnesium may be very beneficial for some, particularly if the person has a magnesium deficiency. However, added magnesium can be very hazardous for people who have difficulty eliminating magnesium, as happens with kidney insufficiency. The vigorous use of diuretics usually increases magnesium loss, and high levels of calcium intake (and therefore of calcium excretion) tend to increase magnesium excretion. A supplemental dose of 50-100 milligrams of magnesium daily may be appropriate. Splitting the dose and taking a portion several times during the day minimizes the tendency to diarrhea that magnesium can cause.  In my view, the 48-hour break is applicable to maximal weight-bearing exercise (high resistance/low reps). This type of exercise strategy presumably creates micro-tears in the muscle fibers resulting in inflammation and repair which needs a couple of days to complete. This strategy is designed for building muscle size. Most or all body builders use this strategy, and would not typically work the same major muscle groups two days in a row. Push-ups and other similar high-rep low-resistance exercise is probably not undergoing the same repair cycle.  One symptom might be numbness in your feet.  Hi, First How long to heal, how long is a piece of string, to each person its going to be different answer. But your ice packing them, and have you thought of having tens treatment for it, it does the same thing as ice packing, it will bring extra blood into the area, this adds healing, you can buy your own tens machine, or go through a physio for it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, It could your body telling you its time to take a back seat, or its your body telling you that were just not healthy enough , we need to be fitter to do this, some times we need to listen to our body's and not go running for drugs as a way out, by pumping your body with drugs will only mask the real problems. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi No just get yourself to an ER ASAP. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, This does not sound very urgent. This spasmic sensation may be due to a muscle contraction. As there is no associated pain, redness or swelling in the area then I do not think this requires immediate attention. I suggest that you try to avoid prolonged sitting and try to engage in low impact exercises like swimming and brisk walking. Do you join contact sports or other strenuous activities which could have caused your condition? If this sensation persists you may seek consult with your primary physician so that an appropriate referral may be given. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, If you mean you have penis shrinkage, could be have put on some extra weight lately, lose the weight and things should go to normal, cant think what else could do that. If that's not your problem, you could try some jelqing, its a very simple exercise, but you really should know how to the correct way, so ok jusy google pegym, under exercises your find jelqing, just follow what they say, and take it from there, follow the program, not try to rush or push the program. These exercises have rules just stick to them or you could end up with ED. Do hope this helps you Good Luck  Hi That's putting a big load on your shoulders, to say this then you must have something? If you both have something that's an STD, then get to an STD/GUM Clinic ASAP Good Luck  Hi Your question sounds familiar, was this not on sexual health? Look, just google your question, or just carry on blow up your prostate, it could happen. Good Luck After sex and to the point of ejaculation, its for a reason, stop the reason, your just stopping nature, or the natural act of ejaculation, do any of this with any organ then it will sometime backfire on you. Just think of that.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Here's a very good link for CTS from the NHS in the UK, covers all the side effects your now getting. I have had CTS in both hands both were operated on and they have been OK the last one was 1988, Your should get it operated on ASAP, get you over all your troubles. The Link, http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Carpal-tunnel-syndrome/Pages/Symptoms.aspx Just copy it into google to open and read Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, You may have turned over while having a nocturnal erection during the night, and given yourself a strain, or something has happened why having sex or masturbating,. As you have no visual signs of damage, its very hard to say any more. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Are you losing your erection at the same time? if so it could be you have a venous leak. How it works you gat an erection and slowly the blood comes out, leading to the problems you getting now, Google this, cheap home-made cock rings, it could help you to maintain your size and stop it from going thin. Good Luck  Hi, I think your find most women have one breast bigger than the other, same as you may find one slightly different position to the other, its just the way nature treats us. But I think your best place would be a gym, find a women instructor and put your question to her, this way she may need to look at them to see your problem, you wont get embarrassed if it was a man looking at your problem. Do Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi One good thing would be to get a blood test done and see if there's anything low, that would be a good start. But you should really be on 3 meals a day, and breakfast being the most important one, its gets the old boiler going and getting your energy sauce going, this could be a reason that your always so tired. You need to get on a good healthy diet, get out and exercise, find a good way of relaxing after a stressful day, google natural ways out of stress. But you should watch your stress levels, remember stress is a killer, Suggest when you get time, try meditation, they say its very good way of relieving stress. Do hope there is something here that will help. Good Luck  Hi Then get to your doctor and get your testosterone checked out, other things for low testosterone are if you beard growth is low and hair is growing funny. Could be that. Good Luck and Thanks  Hi I found this very interesting link for you and your wife to read, and its a very rare, in women, you should find it interesting as well. The Link http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3445139/ Do hope this helps for an answer. Good Luck  Hi he's just dreaming of having sex with you, it can happen, but some how he's not going all the way and having wet dreams. What's behind it? who knows, you have not said if its a nightly thing or just the odd night. As long as he is still making love to you, that would be the important thing for you, yes, then I would not go looking for an answer to deeply. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you really want good muscle tone, just work for it, there is no easy way, just ask any good body builder, hard work and lots of it, works every time. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of going to the ER, see what an xray will show. You may have popped the cartilage but it pops back in (now that is very painful for a couple of weeks) but cant understand the gurgling. Good Luck  Hi This may sound silly, being that long but it could be just trapped wind, it will do that to you, then go away for the rest of the day, strong mints could move it but pepper mint cordial will you just take some of it strong, then go for a brisk walk, if that's what it is it will soon go but hang on to your hat. Or its just indigestion the some, then some pills for indigestion, mints or cordial will do the same. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi An RSI( repetitive strain injury ) comes to mind, have a look at this link from the Uks NHS, could give you some good advice. The Link, http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Repetitive-strain-injury/Pages/Introduction.aspx You will need to copy into google to open and read it. But also look up CPS ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) this can give the same problems, and could be from RSI. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try Reading up about Cayenne or cayennepepper, google it like that, then put cayenne and cholesterol in the search box, You can also look up Parsley for cholesterol, and your find if you mix Parsley and Garlic together, then you now have another way, these are 3 things I know of as I take all 3 and have read the facts about all 3 and just what they can do. Good Luck  Hi could be either stretched muscle or stretched or a torn a tendon. I would seek some help from a physio he/her could perhaps put a finger on to what you have done. Have you tried icing it, this would help, jus a packet of cheap frozen peas are very good for this, then just refreeze, you need to do this 3 times a day, don't forget to wrap in thin cloth. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi It works like this, low testosterone will reduce your muscles bulk, over masturbation will lower your testosterone, so will effect your muscle growth. So the best thing you can do is just cut back on masturbating to just a couple of times a week, and watch your muscles grow. When its comes to masturbating try edging, its a simple exercise, your find it on www.pegym.com by doing this your can enjoy going longer without ejectulating. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Female? male? What ever, but try doing 5 days on 1200 and 2 on 500 cal's but mix them up, but try doing some extreme workouts, this could be what you want, these really burn of the fat. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Do we take it that this is your hubby or b/f, if he is in deep sleep, then he would not know anything about what your seeing or hearing, if he's not having a wet dream, then he would not know, its only during a wet dream that we come around. When this is going on does he have an erect penis? Does he ejaculate? If not I would not see to much into it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi You say her fingers are numb? do they also go white as well? If so that Raynauds disease. Carpal tunnel give pins and needles, and fingers b2,3 and 4 get stuck in a grip, and need manipulating to get them open and working, with this you can also get swollen hands pains up your arm. So if its this then yes she needs to be operated on, I have had both hands done, they say if you get it in one hand then you will get it in the other some years later, yes that's what I got. But if its the first one Raynauds, then ED drugs will help, they open up our veins, but I use Boric Acid, it does the same thing, its just a quarter teaspoon in a litre of water and drink through the day, this works for me, and its far cheaper the ED drugs will ever be, just ask your chemist for it, its so cheap to buy. Hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I think its about time you gave up the bike for a while and get into a car, its not helping by the sound of it. Im sure your g/f or wife would prefer something red hot and throbbing between there legs like you would want it to be? Yes Sop for a start get in touch with a uro and get some tests done, and see what treatment he can offer, the bend is from a build up of plaque, I have seen an operation for this in the UK about 10 years ago on channel 4. But have a read of this link. http://www.webmd.com/erectile-dysfunction/guide/erectile-dysfunction-peyronies-disease Also try these links. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/04/health/treatment-for-peyronies-disease-shows-promise.html?_r=0 Been also trying to find a link between cayenne pepper and the plaque in your penis, its good for removing plaque from the blood, then hit a brick wall for an answer to pyronies. So see if anything above helps you. Good Luck  Hi With this it would be best that you see a doctor, ASAP Good Luck  Hi Go get a blood test for you testosterone, you may find its low. For you bladder and rectum, google kegel exercises, with these also do the reverse as well, these should cure those two problems. As for your eyes go see an optician, see what they say, could just some simple eye exercises, may cure your problem. Hope all of this helps. Good Luck  Hi Go get a blood test for you testosterone, you may find its low. For you bladder and rectum, google kegel exercises, with these also do the reverse as well, these should cure those two problems. As for your eyes go see an optician, see what they say, could just some simple eye exercises, may cure your problem. Hope all of this helps. Good Luck  Hi As they say its not the volts is the amp's that will do the damage every time. You just need to sit back, if need be, still seek medical help, after such a shock, its case of letting your body heal, give it a chance and it will, but like all things it needs time, you may be in for the long haul, so why your getting better try and relax, don't get stressed or depressed, do that and it will take longer. When you can get out and exercise, even if its just walking, and swimming if you can these two are about the best two exercises you can do. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I cant think why close fitting pants would give you a headache! but I could see how really tight fitting pants would. So OK leave the boxers off, and try going commando, I'm always like that, never get any problems, but watch out when you wear shorts, sometimes the mouse get out of the house so watch out. Try that and see how you get on, or find some kind of other underwear somewhere between the two kinds of underwear. Do hope this helps Good Luck  Hi If you have a muscle strain, you should be icing it and relaxing it, try and ice for twenty minutes 3 times a day, use some frozen peas in a tea towel or very this cloth, peas are good you can wrap them round you arm, ten just put them back in the freezer, you may need to break them down after each freeze, don't eat them just keep them at the back of the freezer, then just relax till it feels good. Good Luck  Hi Lipitor, one of the group of so-called statin drugs, it has some bad side effects, go have a look on www.spacedoc.com you can read lots about the side effects from doctors on there. This link, just copy into google. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, The ketogenic diet is a high-fat, adequate-protein, low-carbohydrate diet. It has a lot of health advantages compared to the standard western diet. Most people do keto because of the weight loss, And this could be what is giving you your acetone breath. Acetone Breath, otherwise affectionately known as metal breath or keto breath, is the presence of ketones in your body being produced and turned into acetone. It will taste metallic and have faint wafting essence of ammonia. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, YES  Hi, No, dont even go near them, if you wont to get bigger muscles get out and lift weights, its the only way for you to go with out cheating yourself, and thatb way you will be prouder of them. Its all down to good sweating and exercising. Good Luck  Hi If your so really worried get to an ER, we cant see it, or feel it, but they will be able to. Good Luck  Hi Jessi, Has anyone thought that it could be just a trapped nerve, that giving you all these problems. From what your saying, the pains could stem from that, and being at the same point all the time. It's just a thought. Good Luck  Hi Jessi found you a couple of links that may help you and your problem, sorry I said trapped nerve, others say pinched nerve, either way both hurt you. http://www.webmd.com/pain-management/guide/compressed-nerves http://www.patient.co.uk/health/nerve-conduction-studies Good Luck  Hi Fred, Funny way to put your question, OK It just sounds like your drinking to much and the gurgling is just coming from your full bladder. If this drinking water is why your at the gym, then cut back on the amount of water your drinking, if your just sip and spit if you can? so your just wetting your mouth. When it comes to drinking beer, same thing just cut down on what your drinking, sip don't gulp. But at some time you should get your bladder looked at, you could have a problem. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If the sting was left in you, it was a bee, if not it was a wasp, what you folks call a yellow jacket, me being from England, now the problem with wasp stings is the more we get bitten, the lower our resistance we have to the stings, had one two weeks ago took 5 days to get clear of it. So if you keep getting stung by them watch out, your problems can only get worst, to the point that it could be life threatening. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read through this link there's some things that could help you. The Link, http://www.wikihow.com/Control-Bladder-Spasms just copy this link into google to open and read.. Good Luck  Hi Yes they are quite the same after the first day, wasp stings will get into your muscle, get lots of pain and lots of itching, can take around 4 to 5 days to be really clear of you muscle, for the itching just use some sting relief, and icing helps, the rest just live with it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi So your on statins,if you worried just go and have a good read on this site, www.spacedoc.com your find some interesting reading and lots of it, just hit on the links down the left and right hand side. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi See above answer  Hi Try changing over to body building, this is geared more to growing muscle than weight lifting, then it also depends what your eating to grow muscle, you may need to look that up, for what would be best for you. But please enjoy yourself. Good Luck  Hi the building of muscle is a slow thing, to do it properly just do it 3 times a week with a day off in between, don't do drugs or steroid's, its not worth it. Just eat healthy and keep to vitamins, worked for me over forty years ago, there were lots of guys around then never touched anything, apart from weights, it worked for a lot of us. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, OK First are you diabetic? IF so you find a whole load of in if you just google you answer, but yes diabetics do get muscle cramps, but at times so do I, but not diabetic. Good Luck  Hi Are you on any kind of meds?  Hi, ok some things come back normal except iron, but what about your blood salt levels, how did they read? Low salt will cause cramping. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read through this link lots of help, for both you and your dog. The Link, http://pets.webmd.com/dogs/guide/understanding-why-dogs-bark Good Luck  Hi Get hold of some hand exercise springs, or a sorbo ball, its a hard sponge ball, this you and the spring you just squeeze. So if you tense your hand in a tight grip, and you will see what they will do for you. You just sit there why you doing anything that does not involve using you hand or one hand at a time, and work it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  People will frequently relate onset of symptoms to certain life events (surgery, car accident, etc). It is not clear if there is cause and effect, but we know that stress can affect the immune system. There is also some work to suggest that MS patients may have exacerbations more frequently when under stress than not. So call your neurologist and discuss what is happening.  Go see a physical therapist, its what they go to school for!  Your behind is made up of three muscles that comprise the glutes: gluteus maximus -- the largest glute and one of the strongest muscles in the human body; then, gluteus minimus and medius. Its the maximus that gives your bottom its shape and is integral to almost every movement we take. The glutes are covered by a layer of subcutaneous fat. How much fat you carry is dictated by genetics as well as lifestyle.  You can have up and down days and I think it's a question of your body really getting adjusted to the med and how it has to work. It's really a biological reaction and sometimes the body isn't ready to be totally adjusted. The side effects you mention are found with meds, but you should tell your doc about these, too.  I myself can not help you but I to have had femur repair and my pain is very excruciating, unbearable pain. No one has dx. this and I read your in the very same condition as I. Some doctors just said it will go away. I would like to know how youfound the hole in the muscle? mri, cat scan? please help me. May God Bless you and I prAY FOR YOUR COMPLETE HEALING. DID THEY SAY IT WILL MEND ON ITS OWN? tHANK YOU, pATRICIA aNN  Stretch before any extraordinary activities. you may also be dehydrated. is the pain on the outside of the thigh, an feel like a stabbing sensation just below the hip or back side of calf about 1/4 down from the knee?. try drinking more water, and hydrating your body before intercourse. You are probably just experiencing muscle cramps. Bananas / potassium seems to help prevent muscle cramps. Alcohol can cause them also, especially the day after drinking. From my experience, stand up as soon as you feel the onset of the cramp, and message the muscle, then drink a glass of water. I started getting them when I was mid 20's, and found my alcohol and hydration was a huge factor in getting these cramps.  I guess the previous responder may have missed the part where I requested a response only from an actual doctor, not from someone who just wanted to say "ha ha - look what i found on google, you moron". I want a first-hand response from someone who is personally knowledgeable on the topic, please.  Is this Possible?  I can understand how past injuries can have lasting affects, however, for your pain level to be that high - something else is clearly going on. If the doctors you have seen are not helping you figure out what the cause is, either you tell them to help you get to the bottom of this, or you will sue malpractice (God forbid something is wrong) OR go to another doctor, and if that one doesn't work, keep going until someone will help. My advice is to research the doctors in your local area. If you can, look up the doctors at the local/major hospitals. Usually, they not only have more expertise, but have better equipment; have lots of ideas on how to find out what the cause is; and are usually more motivated.  Coughing can affect your muscles in your chest, ribs, and back. Hopefully, you're feeling better by now. If not, and you've had this cold for a week -10days, it's time to see your doctor. Make sure you drink plenty of fluids to help your body fight off the virus; and get you well. Take care.  There are no drugs that strengthen the bladder per se, but there are several medications that can help relieve the need to go all of the time and improve accidents. Talk to your medical provider or see a urologist.  There is "no whey" that this added protein alone will build muscle. Extra protein -- above and beyond his nutritional needs -- has the potential of overloading his kidneys, especially if he is sweating and exercising and not getting in sufficient water. All he needs to do is eat a good, balanced diet (three meals and some healthy snacks), work out regularly (no power lifting weights!), and he will get stronger...and leaner. He does NOT need "something stronger" like those bulk-builders at the health food stores.  Unfortunately, it would not be possible for me, or any medical provider for that matter, to be able to offer you a diagnosis blindly over the Internet. Not only do you need to be carefully examined, but the doctor will need to take a thorough medical history and order some diagnostic lab tests. It would not be possible or prudent to guess what may be causing "pain all over your body", so you will need to see a medical professional to start the diagnostic process.  You will waste your money. You cannot overload on protein and "force" your body to use this protein to make muscle. All you will do is overload your kidneys. A young man (assuming you are male) needs about 0.9 to 1.2 grams of protein per kilo of lean body mass. Assuming you are at an average weight, you can get this protein from a healthy diet. If you want to build muscles, then exercise under the guidence of a good trainer. My opinion: Don't protein load....it is not likely to achieve the results you are wanting, and may actually cause harm.  As much as I would like to help you, you cannot be blindly diagnosed over the Internet by providing a list of vague symptoms. While I am sympathetic to your lack of insurance and financial constraints, the ONLY way that you can get to the bottom of this four year old mystery is to see a medical professional -- one who will perform a thorough medical examination and order some diagnostic lab tests. Sorry.  You may be having a urinary spasm or urinary sphincter spasm. Another possibility would be that you have urethritis (inflammation of the distal urinary tube or tip of your penis -- a common cause of urinary URGENCY). Certain sexually-transmitted disease can cause urinary symptom of this nature, as well as prostate infections. Less common, especially in males, would be a urinary tract infection. Since you felt this for FOUR DAYS now, perhaps it would be in your best interest to see a primary care medical provider -- someone who care carefully examine you and run a few basic tests -- to truly find the answer to this issue you are experiencing.  Your theory of weight reduction during wrestling causing your symptoms is really not likely. While I don't agree with wrestlers trying to lose weight to compete in a lower weight class, I don't think you caused any of your concerns. If there are other underlying reasons, you will need to see a good medical provider for a diagnostic work-up...this would not be something that can be done over the Internet.  Gonorrhea and Chlamydia can be detected by a urine test (DNA probe), but not a simple urine dipstick test.  Muscle relaxants are not that helpful, and I rarely prescribe them for teenagers, and even adults. Muscle relaxants tend to be overly sedative. Cold compresses, ibuprofen, and a restriction of aggravating activities can do wonders over time.  There can literally be hundreds of different reasons for hives (urticaria), but vitamin D deficiency is not one of them. You can have your medical provider test your vitamin D level, however, and help you search for a possible cause of your hives.  Well, a pound of muscle weighs a pound, and a pound of fat weighs a pound. Maybe you are meaning weight per volume? A cubic foot of muscle weighs more than a cubic foot of fat. Fat tends to float so someone with a lot of body fat may be more buoyant than someone who was very muscular.  The most important step is to be properly diagnosed. There can be MANY reasons for your elbow pain but tendonitis would be high on the possibilities. Once you are properly examined and diagnosed, the medical provider can than select the best, individualized treatment plan. Don't just blame this on your age, since tendonitis can affect people of all ages. It may include anti-inflammatory medications and home physical therapy modalities.  These exercises are not problematic, but if you want to stop the habit, it is really up to you to work out the best method. This would be no different than to stop bitting your nails. First step? Become aware that you are doing them. Second step, when you become aware, STOP doing them. Judge the success of your efforts by keep track of the number of times per hour you are starting and stopping them. There are no magic methods to habit control.  Yes, something is clearly wrong with your mother, and you are very sweet to be concerned. Unfortunately, it would not be possible to diagnose your mother, let along treat her over the Internet, in this forum. Your mother will need to find another medical provider to exam her -- one that does not think that her symptoms are "weird'. Please encourage her to do so. There are sooooo many different reasons to account for her symptoms that it would be impossible to blindly solve it with a simple posting. She will most likely need some diagnostic tests, so if this involves travelling to find a new medical provider, or to have her seen at a larger medical facility, this is something you may need to do.  See your gynecologist to make sure there is not an underlying structrual or anatomical issue, like a retroverted (tilted) uterus, etc. Unless your sexual partner is a trained psychotherapist, he should not be diagnosing you with an emotional problem or implicate a trust issue. Most of these issues can be solved, but more information is needed.  Prednisone has plenty of side-effects, but it can be very beneficial when properly used. It does not cause fibromyalgia, however. As a matter of fact, no one really knows what causes fibromyalgia.  Washing up after sex will not wash away any semen that is deposited and entrapped in the cervical mucous -- these are the sperm that have a chance of impregnation. Advice is mixed about lying on your back or with a pillow under your buttocks to encourage gravity to help, but it is fine to do, so don't jump up and rush to the shower. I don't believe the contracting your vaginal muscles will help that much for increasing your chances of conception, but doing these Kegel-type exercises has some other advantages. Having an intense orgasm during intercourse will help, so remind your partner to be generous and considerate.  I never heard of a case where an STD was contracted from a bottle of old urine. I think you are safe, even if you recently had an open wound on your hand. Needless to say, I assume that you wash your hands thoroughly after this exposure. As long as you are not showing any signs of a skin infection around this wound, you are in the clear. Urine is typically sterile (unless the person has a urinary tract infection), but I still would not want to have this old pee on my hands. You are wise to be concerned, but it would not be likely you can catch any disease from this exposure. Even if you did get a minor wound infection, it would not be an STD.  You may be causing "retrograde ejaculation" -- a condition where semen enters the urinary bladder instead of coming out of the urethra. Is this safe? If this continued to happen, you may have difficulty if you decide to have children. I am a primary care clinician, not a urologist, so it may be wise to consult a medical professional at this level.  A fissure, by definition, is a small, shallow tear. The only way a tear can effect the sphincter muscle is a huge, deep tear, unless of course, this is what you have. You may need to see a medical provider so you can be properly examined.  There is absolutely no way I could answer that question, based solely on your brief scenerio. If you are struggling with your sexual feeling/attractions, I would strongly suggest that you see a counselor experienced in this area. Don't label yourself....  You will need to see your medical provider so you can be properly examined. Your vague description of a "thing hanging beside the uvula" is really not sufficient for me to even guess as to the nature of this finding.  I have no way of determining "what you have" based solely on your brief description. I do not know anything about you, your age, your medical history, etc. In order to be properly diagnosed, you will need to see a medical provider -- someone who can take a more detailed medical history, and more importantly...someone who can examine you. Your testicles are too important to rely on a blind guess via the Internet.  Lots of things can cause leg cramps, including medications and medical conditions. The most common causes, and the most easily treatable, are overexertion, dehydration, and electrolyte imbalence. Do they usually happen at night? Try this: Make sure you are drinking enough water. Get enough potassium, calcium, and sodium in the right balence. This usually means if you are getting that twitchy feeling in your muscles, drink extra water and eat a banana or a potato with the skin, as well as a calcium supplement or Tums type antacid. We usually aren't too short on salt. If you get a cramp in the middle of the night, try to brace your foot against something to keep it from pointing and massage your leg as hard as you can. Then get up and eat the banana or potato and drink water. If this doesn't work, talk to a doctor.  was wanting my answer from an MD expert  All those meds you are taking can have a direct affect on your problem. Man don't be embarrassed to talk to your doctor, that's what he's there for. He comes across these issues daily. I have 2 sons in their 40s who have to take testosterone shots every week because there levels are low, which affects their performance. That may be something you could talk to the doc about. Just tell him to check your levels, no big deal.  If anyone want to loose the weight than exercise is the best way for him/her to losse the weight or to maintain the body.But in this busy life sometimes we wont get the time to do the workout or jogging etc.Many people are asking here that without doing exercise we can loose the weight.There are many ways through which you can loose the weight,one of the way to loose the weight is eat healthy and fresh food drink the healthy tea like green tea.Green tea benefits-it is healthy tea,it helps one for lossing weight,is also helps to cure from diseases.So I think now you know that without doing the exercise you can also loose your weight by maintaining your diets by taking healthy food.  Soma or Carisoprodol is a generic drug and is used for the treatment of muscle pain and muscle injury. It is used by the person who is suffering from muscle sprain and pain. You can from chemist shop or online at TopDrugMart dot com.  Soma or Carisoprodol is a generic drug and is used for the treatment of muscle pain and muscle injury. It is used by the person who is suffering from muscle sprain and pain. You can from chemist shop or online at  Soma or Carisoprodol is a generic drug and is used for the treatment of muscle pain and muscle injury. It is used by the person who is suffering from muscle sprain and pain. You can from chemist shop or online at  Soma or Carisoprodol is a generic drug and is used for the treatment of muscle pain and muscle injury. It is used by the person who is suffering from muscle sprain and pain. You can from chemist shop or online at  Soma or Carisoprodol is a generic drug and is used for the treatment of muscle pain and muscle injury. It is used by the person who is suffering from muscle sprain and pain. You can from chemist shop or online at  Wide exhale as you sit up keep going X he'll X heal oh yes were up angora dominoes almost there but just doing 17 the use 3 to one now walk your legs Bob allowed the ball to roll you up second exercise working you obliques pick the boy up overhead just and fun if y'all head now more or both to the right on left legs open shoulder width apart bend your knees slightly do not lock your knees up OVA over keep it going why one-sided deal because crunching the other side the structuring over exhale and those needs on should be feeling a bit tired now almost there and thanks 5 poll 3 to Juan down with the ball.  Yes, if you are coughing heavily. I had the same problem about two to three months ago.  Yes it can. Our livers are amazing organs with at least 9 functions. One function is to filter out most medications, alcohol, or drugs, that the liver recognizes as poisons. In time the liver becomes damaged, which can lead to death. If you are young and stop muscle enhancements now, you might live, and your liver may be alright. You may be able to live with the damage for many years, but I have seen young men die from liver damage. It is heartbreaking to watch the suffering.  I had the same problem. It is very important for your sister to see and Orthopedic Surgeon. Bone spurs in the shoulder cut into the rotator cuff; once the cuff is torn, the only thing to do to correct it before it is totally useless is to have surgery. It can be same day surgery, but does require several weeks of PT. I now have full range of motion in my arm, and my strength is great. I will say it was very painful, but now it is worth it.  could you possible be pregnant  As a patient and a nurse with a long history of back pain from degenerative disc disease and other pathology, I have had similar pain. Since your pain is unrelated to a sudden onset from an injury or strain, then you might want to explore possible kidney concerns. If your urine is foul smelling than it can very easily be a that may have been caused from an untreated or from I would get to a clinic or urgent care center, get a urine culture and an x-ray or ultra sound looking for stones. There are also other conditions that need to be ruled out a well. Good luck.  Here is a list of from here at WebMD that will tell you what each one does. Since the symptoms you describe could have lots of connections, you may want to start with an Internist. I hope this helps! The WebMD Answers Staff  Weight can fluctuate slightly based on several factors. Here are some links that you may find helpful to share with your wife: Fitness & Exercise Community with Rich Weil, CDE, MEd Diet Community with Pam Peeke, MD The WebMD Answers Staff  maybe  yes, there is tingling in my, finger tips and when I go to bed at night in morning it wake me up hurting bad .  Hi : ) I am also 32 yrs old! I have been suffering with depression and Anxiety(attacks) for about 14 years. I have always been the person that sits in the back of a crowd, not wanting to socialize. I would rather have someone approach to say hi. I can never get the courage to do it on my own. I find that it really helps to have a friend or someone that you know, next to you. That's probably hard in meetings. I would suggest to try and put all of your thoughts in what's happening in the meeting. If you have to listen to someone talking, concentrate only on that person and what they are saying. That is what I did in class. I tried to make it feel like I was the only one in there and the teacher, co- worker, boss or whatever, was only talking to me. I really hope that some of this advise works. I wish you the best : )  According we always have to do Body weight training under personal trainer because It's having so much risk .Recently I joined Body Weight Training Center in Delhi.  My sister fractured her tailbone but after a couple of days she didn't feel any pain but she did feel some tension in her butt for a bit...but the sensation will go away. But after sitting down for a while your back will start to ache. well tailbone that is....  First off, I know this is embarrassing, and it's tough for many men to find resources for things as personal and intimate as ED. While I'm not certain about drug interactions--this should be a question for your family physician or health care professional--I do know that blood pressure meds and antidepressants can effect normal erectile function. This is an issue my spouse and I have come across, since he is on both. To be sure, you should talk to your doctor--or any physician you feel comfortable with, if speaking to your regular doctor is not something you're willing to do--about the drugs you're on and see what's potentially conflicting here. I also understand that it's very tough to approach sex when you've had occasions where you can't reach climax or maintain an erection. It makes you feel frustrated and maybe even insecure as a lover. As the partner of someone who has faced such difficulties, I sympathize, and I know you're not alone! I'm sure your wife would be a welcome support if you discussed your concerns with her, and if you reassure your wife that it is nothing to do with her level of attractiveness--presumably if you've been married thirty years, you're attracted to her and know her very well, both emotionally as well as intimately. While you're sorting out some of these other medical issues, you could engage in other sexual activity that is pleasurable for both of you that doesn't involve penile penetration, such as hand-to-genital contact, oral sex, massage, or simply cuddling. This would probably go a long way in both satisfying your wife's sexual needs as well as letting her know that she is both desirable and secure in your relationship. For me, it helped a lot to try to make my partner feel relaxed as well as sexually desired. The more pressure we put on him to maintain an erection or to achieve orgasm, the more difficult our sexual encounters became, and the more distance it put between us.  Most of the time the knot is a boil or a cyst that got inflamed with dirt sweat and clogged pores.Sometimes this will cause pain/pulling because there is a core that attaches to muscle.Go to urgent care or the hospital asap because it will need to lanced and drained follwed by antibiotics.  You have to familiarize yourself with the contents of your birth control and make some researches about it. You may also speak to your doctor for professional advice. If you want to lose fats, Dr. Schweiger is the best dermatologist that you can speak with.  Nerve sensations can be caused by Nerve Injury, Anxiety or Panic Attack, Tumor, Multiple Sclerosis, Diabetes, Alcohol or Tobacco, and Circulatory Disorders. Keep a relationship with your doctor for the sake of medical needs and check out this site: http://www.ehow.com/about_5070049_could-cause-tingling-body.html  Muscle building products can help build you some muscles. The problem is the side effects. For example, even too much Vitamin C can cause severe diarrhea. Taking the products will not ' hurt ' you, your body will take all of the vitamins and minerals it needs in a day. What your body does not need will become waste, so you just may be best friends with the toilet for a while. If you would like an alternative, check out site: http://www.wikihow.com/Build-Muscle  Sounds like a muscle spasm. disk pain would be more like a sharp pain. If you can get a T.E.N.S. unit that may work I got 2 at a GOODWILL store. It uses electrical impulses to work the muscle Next would be massage. hot packs. Do not go to a chiropractor. Maybe the needle thing. Try www.medscape.com Good Luck  Google DMG use for low energy, mental acuity, general fatigue  My personal advise, see a chiropractor. They are marvelous. You can find some that will work with you per your insurance/not being able to use it. I used to have major migraines all the time. ( to the point of violently vomiting) from all the pain. They work wonders. I get adjusted once every week or more if I need it. I havent had a migraine or even a headace in years. They dont always work for everyone but its helped me so maybe it could help you too. 		  Sounds like you were doing your situps with poor form, or your core wasnt quite strong enough to properly do them since it caused pain and soreness in your back. Try doing them on a medicine ball or just simple crunches. These will work the abdominals without straining your lower back.  the first thing I would ask is which muscles? I have found that when I drink a lot of coffee my eye lids will twitch. if you drink coffee I would suggest cutting back. I hope this will help you. good luck  I'm not sure but I dont think using a mouse would do that but if its in your right arm I'd definitly go get checked out!!!  It is definitely possible. My fianc had a colostomy (removal of a section of intestines due to diverticulitis). It was reversed in April 2013. About 2 months later he found out his whole entire belly area had herniated. The doctor told him it was due to a weakening of the abdominal muscles from having his stomach opened twice. He had massive hernia surgery December 2013. The doctor had to use mesh to help hold the hernia. My fianc noticed a few months ago he now has another hernia (a lump the size of a baseball) under where the other hernia surgery was performed. So unfortunately it sounds like you have a hernia. Please have yourself checked. The procedure to be checked is painless. The doctor did an ultrasound and CT scan to see the hernia.  what foods can help stop muscle cramps or what meds can i take  I have just spent the last 6 weeks in physical therapy. They always apply heat OR have me get on a bike to heat up my muscles for 15 minutes before I go through any table massage work. Next I do all my exercises then they end the session with 10 minutes of ice.  yes, I get pain in hip and back, back is al deformed from all this, I also wear special shoes with splints in them, it still is not enough, and after a while, I can't walk. I have to sit down between short walks ...even small ones thru the grocery store, or I use the carts or my cane. the cane isn't enough because I have it in my hips back and feet.  I get the same thing, it is the osteoarthritis in my cervical neck that is pinching on the nerve thru my arm. I also have carpet tunnel syndrome with this and that can hurt the entire arm as well. my hands go weak, the arm, muscles, and I get tingling and numbness at times. therapy and shots in my spine did not work. sometimes I will put on my wrist splints when it gets bad, stop what i'm doing, and sit for a while till it subsides...take many breaks thru the day. The stuff in your face is probably the cervical neck osteo. pinching and herniated discs that may be in there, and you probably have TMJD with your jaw. I wear a jaw splint for that too, or I have gone to chiropractors and done exercise for the neck and jaw. I also take Cyclobenzaprine for jaw and neck pain and my fibromyalgia, and it works wonders, or I take Ibuprofen too if the other drug isn't enough for the pain. I try ice and heat too,  Yes this is exactly what I have, But I also have scoliosis, the worst kind, some exercises are out of range for me, mainly the ones you have to twist, and stretch, fighting battle for me.  you should of had physical therapy see the surgeon  Some birth controls have good side effects some have bad. I would check with the manufature or your doctor to see whats your birth control says. I know I was on one that caused me to gain weight and caused me lots of acne. I switched to a different kind and went back to normal.  Have you seen a rheumatoid dr. for testing? It sounds like fibromyalgia, which I have. Mornings are the worst for me.  I would think that an orthopedist would be the best specialist for that. Every time I have ever gotten a sprained ankle, hurt something in one or both of my legs, or had a majorly pinched nerve, my PCP would send me straight to one.  Usually in the front, radiating around to the side.  You are so young. And have been to some of the best clinics and universities in the U.S. And are you saying that you did not get a diagnosis or any type of treatment from any of them? You say you have many conditions. But did not mention what they are. So there is no way of telling whether they may be connected.  Well it is good there is no fracture. Very little swelling or bruising. However if the muscles are torn. Or some ligament damage it may take longer than 7-8 weeks. Wear an ace bandage on it while you are playing for a couple more weeks.  More than likely a pulled or torn muscle. If so you may have the pain for a week or two weeks. However if you continue to have the pain. I would see your family Dr. or an Orthopedic Dr. as you will never know if it is a disc problem without an X-ray.  All these sympotm your are describing are common with anxiety.they are uncomfortable at first, but give the meds a chance to work, and you will see that some and maybe all of these symptoms will go away in time.  also i have been making #2 more frequently  You may have strained your ocular muscles. I fell down the stairs in November and strained all my muscles. Didn't know why my eyes hurt until February. Don't wait get checked out.  This could be thrush. A yeast infection. You need to see your Dr. This is easily treated with medication, however, the root cause of this infection needs to be discovered. This infection could indicate other medical problems.  Yes, see a Dr. if you currently are having pain, or limited mobility.  I have used Biofreeze in the past  Have your Doctor check out all your medications to make sure that one or a combination of medications is causing the problem with your erection.  Over load of potassium in your body?  I also hurt my back a few years ago. I ended up having surgery but the leg numbness/ tingling kept getting worse. I done a nerve test( I forgot what the name of test was) at the hospital and it showed I had nerve damage in back and both legs. One doctor said it was because doctor let the disc press on the nerves too long. I now have to have a second surgery because they failed to fix a tear between l4 and l5. Please make sure you see a neurosurgeon instead of an orthopedic doctor. They really messed me up. My damage is permanant please see a doctor soon so maybe you can fix it before it's too late.  when i had a tubal, the gas pains were terrible in my shoulder.they told me to buy some gas x.only problem was, it made me pass gas all day which would have been fine but i worked closely with 3 men. lol my personal opinion is to rub and try to keep moving the area having the gas pains. like burping a baby :) feel well soon.  if you are in a tick area i would get tested for lyme disease  Bells palsy. i had it...it well go away on its own most of the time.. u should see a doctor or a neurologist just in case it is some thing else.. mine was caused by my m.s.  You should see the doctor you may have some cartilage damage in the meantime time I would try otc patch like salonpas  It has lately become a nightly thing, from the minute he falls asleep through most of the night, he said he has no dreams and the othernight i woke him and was asking him if he can feel the shaking, he was half awake and telling me off for waking him and it was still happening, i said, cant you feel that and he said he isnt shaking and basically to piss off, when approaching him about this right from the start he was defensive which made me think maybe it was a strange sexual thing (which i tell ya if you were laying in bed with this happening for the first time, you would bet your life the person wasmasturbating) and its become a very heated arguement now, not because it is happening, i dont care what is happening i just want a. answers and b. sleep, and if he was masturbating i would at least understand whats happening and more than likely join in, but he has always been a man who likes his sleep, and if he was up doing that all night he couldnt function the next day. He does some pretty gnarley shift work and has a terrible sleep pattern, and when he gets some time off he likes to knock back a few with his mates so he never really catches up on any sleep, have been researching things like rapid eye movement and sleep behaviours but none of the descriptions i can find on the net match perfectly! (if anyone can help please do!) Id like to take him to the doctor but id not dare suggest it right now! He slept on the lounge last night (still doing it) and left very angry for work, we always say dont leave each other mad just incase, but today he left as he said some horrible things to me! i dont understand, if i was doing this during the night i would want to know why, and id expect him to tell me.but he basically called me a liar! p.s. And no, he hasnt made love to me for a while, he suggested a quickie the otherday but i get knocked back by him so often that i didnt feel like a wham bam thankyou mam, i want my lover back!  it only tingles when my ear rings  Yes, get checked ASAP, Sounds like a kidney infection. I'm going through the same thing right now, at first the pain was when I peed, the pain and pressure thing UTI symptoms, now I'm noticing more pain on my left side as well and feel nauseous also. Also, I have a slight fever now. Going to make a doctor appointment tomorrow. let me know what they say. Best of luck to you.  I have never heard of back pain causing heart problems. If you are having that much problems, I am surprised the doctors haven't tried to make you more comfortable and done X-Rays on your back.. Also a chiropractor can help with that if you are out of alignment...Better than drugs!  From my daughter's experiences, possible nerve impingemen in prone position  is this your first time taking loratadine? Have you experienced muscle cramps before you took loratadine? Do you have any changes in your workout routine recently? If needed, you should stop taking Loratadine and see if these symptoms are improved.  I would ask for medical tests/ X-rays. Maybe you have a herniated disk or pinched nerve somewhere close to your spine, but there is a possibility it is more severe. I don't know what a doctor would do, but I would be persistent. I do not think it is easy to lose that much muscle mass without decreasing exercise quite a bit. I would not expect chemical imbalance that rapidly without damage to cranial glands or quitting steroid use or something.  First start by creating a healthy diet and a consistent workout program. If you are trying to do core and body workout in the same routine which it sounds like, I would recommend doing weighted ab workouts 3 times a week. Weighted sit ups 4x til failure, decline weighted sit ups 4x til failure, take a barbell and put weights on both sides then get on your knees and roll it out to a superman position then back (not sure of name but its great for lower abs) 4x til failure, and mason twist with weights 4x til failure. Physical exercise is a must and should be done on off days of core 3 days a week giving you Sundays for rest. That has been my core workout for 2 months and I finally got a six pack so it take some time but it definitely works. This will help you a lot but your diet is the only way you will be able to trim that unwanted fat from your body so try and stick with rice, oatmeal, chicken (not breaded), fish, broccoli, peas, pasta, and more. Shoot for your 1-1.5 your bodyweight in grams of protein a day If you wanted to workout as well and haven't in a while start lighter at 3 days a week then pick up to 6 days a week with a consistent routine. I like doing 4 sets with 8 reps for gaining muscle mass with Monday/Thursday Chest+triceps, Tuesday/Friday Back+Biceps, Wednesday/Saturday Legs+Shoulders. Always do core and abs at the end as they are worked with most workouts. Hope this helps as it has done wonders for me  Highly disagree with the answer above. You need to invest in a protein shake that has branch chain amino acids and glutamine in it for muscle tissue repairing and amino acids are protein if you were wondering. For weightlifting it is a necessity to be drinking protein and keeping up with calories (not fats) in order to have the push the next day you workout. I go to the gym 6 days a week and have been taking 165-240g of protein with a lot of food rich in protein a day since my bodyweight is 165. As soon as I drink protein after an intense workout I feel drastically better. I have trimmed my body fat by 6% in 3 months and finally packed on a six pack. Hope this helps as it has tremendously helped me  oh sure just be careful no traidmil if it's your leg  Aquatic therepy would help you, no joint stress. You can build up muscle in water.  yes  pain in my buttocks and down my left leg......being seated relieved the pain.........could not even stand for shower or brush my teeth.....pain for several months.............had an ablation on the branch nerves of the sciatica...........pain went away........maybe 3 years ago  I have also been wondering if it might have something to do with the detox diet pills I have been taking for the past 2 months. They dehydrate the crap out of me if I don't drink at least 8-14 big glasses of water a day, which in turn causes painful headaches. Thought maybe this could be a symptom of the dehydration as well. I can consult with one of the physicians that I work with, I just don't want to waste their time if this is just a symptom of being stressed. anyone have any ideas? thoughts, opinions??  just go to a chiropractor. if youre lucky, it will be easily diagnose-able.  Forgot to mention, I have always had bad anxiety and stress if this plays a factor in anything.  Seems like Anxiety and nerves can do alot more than most people would think. My nerves are really bad too at times and causes me upset stomach, bathroom trips. Hope everything works out for you!  Close your eyes and pray is all I can think of. Hope this dosent happen, Take care!  I would tell him to go see an orthopedic doctor. he probably has a torn rotator cuff or a dislocated shoulder.  no i dont believe so  take a glass of water add 2 teaspoon sugar and a little bit of salt and juice of half lemon and shake it well than drink it slowly by sipping it you will get good result  Fibrositis is what hey call it ...only relief i get is from soma which i can not function to well on  The body responds to what is known as the SAID principle. Specific Adaptations to Imposed Demands. When you look at marathon runners, they are generally thin but actually have a higher body fat % than sprinters. This is an adaptation, when you run for long periods your body needs energy. If your exercise program has no variation your body adapts and begins to hold on to it's fat so that it has energy stores to be used during long runs.  are you properly resting, stretching and putting cold/slight pressure to let it heal?  you can't get muscle spasm unless you work out those muscle.  if you sweating profusely with muscle cramp, dizziness and either shallow or trouble breathing yes it is heat exhaustion.  The answer depends on your breast implant material, but I'm assuming it's silicon and they are not conductive. Also, people tested on the toughness of the material and it showed that silicon implant can stop a bullet. If you have problem and questions, you should ask the doctor who gave you those implants.  You may be losing inches! Not just lowering your number on the scale!! :)  You need to visit a Gastroenterologist to classify what type of disease you have this may be a serious Gastrointestinal disease.  I have a feeling like I know what might be causing it now. I remembered a time when I was young (probably 12 or 13, around the time the pain started) and we had these square, floor scooters. Well, a friend was pulling me around on one using a jump rope. I went extremely fast, the rope broke, and I went hurtling into the cement wall, smashing my left side on it. My entire left side bruised and was swollen for a while. I think that, during that injury, I might have slightly fractured a rib or something (I didn't go to the hospital after the injury so I don't know), and maybe, when it healed, it healed slightly out of place. In the part where it hurts, there is a red line going straight across, where the skin is actually pinched in. I don't remember exactly when the pain started, but I feel like this must have been the time, since it was several years back. Does this sound right? Even if that was the issue, how could it even be resolved?  Yes  My pain is on the right side, lower back. i have been taking a fairly strong pain medication which only makes me drowsy so I can sleep, but I'm still in pain. I see a Urologist every 3 - 6 months for chronic kidney stones. This time, though, it is different. I am getting chills and sweats associated with the pain. Is this normal?  After a message of any kind you need to drink plenty of water. Messaging releases toxins in your body.  Low energy levels, high burning of calories, it may be reason, that you feel tired, your body wont get proper rest, this could also be the possibility.  go to the doctor asap  yes if you are fighting sleep it very well can.  If you have not sought professional medical treatment, I urge you to do so. You may have only a hairline fracture in your sacral area, but the pain may be radiating to other areas. Please seek medical attention as soon as possible.  No, normally you might feel a litlle achy or have other symptoms the same night or maybe the next day but not usually a week later. It may be some other virus. Marieh9  Your symptoms sounds more like a form of Arthritis, have you been checked for Rheumatoid or Psoriatic Arthritis? I have Psoriatic Arthritis and that is what I go through, I am also a diabetic not on insulin. If possible go see a Rheumatologist they will be able to diagnose you on either of these. I hope my answer was helpful  I realy hope you havent come down with carpal tunnel in wrist, and arthritus that is causing the arm weakness. But all of those are better options than learning that The thorasic part of your back is messed up. The arm pain may be as simple as you unknowingly holding it differently through the day and the rest sounds like middle back issues. I am full of more opinions than i am at winning over a jury. So the jury is out and if i were right you go see no less than 2 of the top ten neurologist because second opinions are always a good idea, but dealing with neurological pain you make sure you see a established dr. and then one that has been in his field 34-40 yrs of age. Lots of conflicting new procedures out there.  If this pain is worse when driving or sitting long periods, you may have a disc in the L's such as L-1 lumbar 1 the disc could be leaking or even gone and you have bone on bone, in which case you are one tough individual. I know that pain. My surgery fixed that, I woke in the recovery room telling anyone who listened my leg doesnt burn111 dONT SEE A ORTHOPEDIC DR./ A NEUROLOGIST that is atleast in the top ten will do. He will likely offer alterior route that doesnt require narcotics. Best of luck  definitely shin splints or small fractures in the bone. they are hard to get rid of but see ortho.  I'm not a doctor but based on experience and information my doctors and reading have given me, I do know that potassium, one of the 3 electrolytes along with magnesium and sodium chloride, does effect the heart and when your body is low on potassium or magnesium it can cause muscle cramping or spasms. Therefor, it is possible that electrolyte imbalance could be the cause of back spasms. When I had the imbalance it caused cramps, spasms and pain in my legs and feet. Any imbalance of electrolytes it a very serious condition and can lead to my medical issues including cardiac arrest and even death. You should go to either the ER or your physician and get blood work done. Best of luck!  Just 3 days ago, I had the same occurance, I had just logged into my computer, and minutes later, a pain struck the left side of my back, right by my left kidney. I tolerated it for 2 hours, as I was in a training class the pain became more intense. I figured it was just a spasm then maybe its my kidney, as I had surgery in 2000 due to a 5" diameter hematoma and 3 months ago, I was punched in the same kidney by my abusive husband,. I hobbled to my boss to inform him and that I could no longer endure the sharp, throbs of torture. He had me to grab my notebook to study at home, but the extra 2lbs of weight, was too heavy and I nearly lost my balance. I was not allowed to drive myself home, instead, a manager dropped me at the nearest hospital. After CT scans, blood and urine work, they could only diagnose me to have acute back pain, gave me scripts for Lortab and Valium, with a injection of Morphine and Benadryl from the outbreak of whelps where the I.V. was stabled, discharged me home, where i was bed ridden and slept away 2 days. They gave me symptoms of what causes acute back ache, since i didnt twist it, it also stated 'from prolonged sitting'..3.5 weeks of sitting with 2 15 minute breaks and a half hour. My back couldnt take another day, so why cant this be considered ' workers comp'? well, they termed me for a 3 day absence with medical document which is 3 points, but you have to have 12 to be termed. humm...  When I got blood clots in my leg I had muscle pains in the back that were very intense but no pain in my shins. I'd get it checked out for sure though.  Liv.52 was introduced in 1955 by as a specially formulated proprietary herbal formula for healthy liver support. Proven effective in over 198 clinical studies, Liv.52 is recognized by thousands of health professionals as one of the most effective liver support formulas. Liv 52 is the most extensively used herbal combination supplement for liver all over the globe. http://www.onlineherbs.com/livercare-liv-52-from-himalaya-100tab.html  no thats something different , that kind of charley horse is due to the lack of air in your mussel , its a from of rigamortis the same chemical that makes your body stiff when ur dead , what happens is you legs use the air in your blood to constrict the mussel when ur running , i was in track myself as a kid and this happen to me as well, when u push the body beyond its limits the mussel when then use a chemical ( sorry i dont remember the name) in place of air . because your body hasent enough air at that time to forfill the need.... this cause the stiffness it like i said really a from of rigamortis , pretty cool huh its normal to feel stiff for a bit , i felt very sore for a day or so after . it happend to me durning a race which im happy to sya i had won :) its nothing to worry about , i hope this answerd your question  you need to see an experienced doctor to give you the turn your head and cough while he is squeezing your testes, seems like a forgotten art in the medical world. make sure he knows his business and is honest. take the time to tell him exactly what's going on in your life and body, like any accedents or exercises that may have contributed to your condition, I should have went to med school, think carefully and be very honest and exact. Beg him to be honest and sincere, make sure he earns his money.  From another post similar to this one from the Physician Assistant who responds to question here on Web MD:  My husband and I use Wild Wipes and we love them! Wild Wipes are intimate wipes for men and women, they're really soft and smell really nice! Their website is www.wildwipes.com and if you use promo code "wild" you get free shipping too  I also have peripheal artery disease. I had severe pain in my left calf when walking, the right also hurt but not as bad. I saw a vascular surgeon who did some tests. He scheduled a procedure where he put a scope in to my lower arteries. When he did this he said it was worse then he thought. He put 2 stents in the artery on the left, and 1 stent on the right. No more pain! I can walk without the severe pain in my calves. My legs will feel fatigued when walking, the doctor said it's from the low blood flow, but without the pain it is so manageable. I'm seen by him every 3 months, my legs are checked with the pressure cuffs each time. Maybe a vascular surgeon could help you with some of the pain you're experiencing. Good luck.  Whenever you have significant physical trauma that results in an injury, inflammation will occur on the site where the most impact occurred. When inflammation happens, some people will develop a low grade (99.9 oral temperature) fever due to the body working hard to heal itself. Sweating could be contributed to such a fever, as you are warmer than usual.  Possibly, but could also be due to "soft tissue" issues with the ligaments, muscles, etc. There is also something called a Baker's Cyst that can form behind the knee that might cause these symptoms.  no  I get cramps in my body everyday. what can cause this?  swimming is great to build muscles almost effortless and relax at the same time.My father and I have been working on this same problem.I have thyroid problems and dropped down to 100 lbs.Dad drank all his life till 10 yrs ago. This is what we have done.In the morning we take short walks as tolerated and again in the afternoon.We bought 3 and 5 lb. weights that strap on our wrist and ankles.We strap em on for our walk and left our arms as we walk.we also sit in the easy chair with weights on and do leg and arm lifts.If you don't have weights you can use a can good out of the cupboard and lift the can as a weight till you can get one.I was 100 lbs now weigh 115 in just 2 1/2 wks..Dad has gained some of his muscle back as well he was 107 lbs now weights 119 in 2 1/2 wks.Consistency is the key .Try to walk at the same time each day.This will also make your heart stronger.Oh yea we also use Whey Protein and make milkshakes twice daily.So GOOD LUCK and I hope this info is useful to you .God Bless you on your way to recovery!  Fractured tailbone. There is nothing they can do about it. I have fractured mine a few times it is NO fun!  yes, it will tighten that area. I guarentee you! contract and relax those muscles repeatedly 7 to 10 times then hold tightly/contract for as long as you can while sitting at a stop light in your car, at the office, watching tv or when ever you think about it and you will notice results quickly and so will your partner. if you can't always do it for that long of a time or that many reps don't worry. any added amount will make a difference.  hopefully you have seen a doctor about this strain if it seems serious, it may be a torn muscle and may cause other problems. Mistreating an abdominal strain (either by icing or stretching wrong) could be fatal. speak to a doctor before treating a sprain. :  i have had ALOT of kidney stones and the pain was always in my lower back  Over extension or overuse of the muscle not a good idea. Charley (Charlie) Horse is muscle that is telling you that it doesn't have enough oxygen or other necessary chemicals to work properly. You could damage your muscles by not listening to your bodies indication that something is wrong. Muscle can bleed and this can cause a lot of pain. You need to rest the muscle that is in pain not push it further.  could be allergic reaction to a med  I had the same type of pain. My doctor said the femoral nerve was being compressed in my back and sent me for therapy. I was very doubtful about this, but after a few weeks of therapy, the pain disappeared. The main exercise was:  I have muscle pain and my thighs have changed shape ,waiting to see a neurologist to see if statins are the cause ,i have been on simvastatin -side effects ,rosuvastatin-side effects ,pravastatin -side effects and fibrates -side effects  No matter how much you take care of yourself, eat healthy and exercise regularly, there are still some health problems that may occur without you being able to stop the onset. Erectile dysfunction is one of such conditions. It will affect your sexual ability and prevent you from achieving erections of satisfactory hardness to start and complete sexual intercourse. Of course, erectile dysfunction is more likely to occur at older age, but the sad truth is that it's not directly related to the patient's age. If you have this kind of problem and would like to make sure it's resolved in no time, you may consider taking Viagra. Many people buy Viagra online these days after they realize this may be the only affordable solution to their problem. Indeed when you compare Viagra price to the price of a special surgery with a device implanted into your penis, the choice becomes very clear. Anything that involves any kind of surgical invasion is best to be avoided if other options are available, and Viagra is one of those options. This drug was designed for the needs of men with erectile dysfunction and you can buy such drugs online. genericedmedications.com  I think so, yes. In addition I have found that if your legs are in good shape because you exercise regulary, then it tends to tighten up your pelvic floor muscles to. Just my own personal experience of course.  You can try icy hot, heat wraps and alternating hot and cold packs. Resting the muscle is the best way to heal it. If it doesn't get any better in a week or so call your MD to check for more serious injury.  Most likely you bruised your tailbone. Bruising of the tailbone can be quite painful. It can take up to a few weeks to feel better. If you pulled a muscle in your butt cheek then that could take just as long to heal. A heating pad works good for a pulled muscle. You could also alternate with an ice pack. And before you know it, you will feel better.  David  FWIW, deduced an iron or protein deficiency led to two bouts of calf cramping, causing a severe strain in a ligament or tendon in each of the calves. I believe the condition was heightened by strenuous cycling for a three month period before the injury that created a need for more nutrients, which I didn't intake, and led to the deficiency. This was the initial injury. I saturated my diet with protein, vitamins, and an iron supplement, which corrected the deficiency. But the strenuous activity followed by complete inactivity led to atrophy of the calf muscles. It was pretty serious. I could pinch a lot of flesh on my calf. A slow increase in exercise has corrected the pain and weakness. Maybe this report will help someone down the line.  Sorry there is no cure yet. But they feel that stem cell may be of help. I too have parkinsons. Michael J Fox has a wonderful web site. About stem cell reserch.  no but have bulging disk and nerve conduction problems per emg test  Pickle juice has salts and electrolytes in it much like gatorade which replaces the electrolytes you lose through sweating, preventing cramps. My cousin played football in high school in georgia and he says the football team would drink pickle juice during 2 a days in the summer to stay hydrated. He swears by it and says itre hydrates faster than water.  I would go to another doctor. as soon as you can. tell them to check for gallstones  I have the same problem but i have had back surgery with fusion and cage in back...u? Have not been able to find the cause?...Thought maybe a kidney stone but pain comes and goes!  