I had same problem w/neck. Please go get Cat scan ,they blew it off cause "I was too young to have Throat Cancer" Well I just finished operation on inside of throat ,29 treatments of chemotherapy and radiation for STAGE 4 THROAT CANCER FROM HPV!!!! Good luck!  It sounds like it could be a mild form of staff. I had something similar and my doctor gave me pills. But another doctor told me to take a bath in plain water and a cap of bleach and after about a week it went away.  Was the 'head' removed? Think...did the front of the tick, between it's front legs have a drop of blood/liguid visible after removal? Was the tick at all actively flailing its legs/trying to move? (As opposed to a piece of you attached to it resembling a small blood blot and a highly active tick IF RECENTLY ATTACHED)  Hey don't worry! This can be due to following reasons: You don't like attending classes You are not interested in homework and don;t understand in class. So for this try to make yourself attentive in class, when you start understanding you will automatically start doing HW as well as feel interested in classes.  Tell her to goto another doctor, those are also symptoms of a heart attack. Don't want to cause undue worry but I had those symptoms that was leading up to my heart attack.  To feel like you are dying at age 18 is very concerning. You should definitely consult your family physician and possibly see a specialist. Persistent symptoms, after Lyme disease has been treated appropriately with antibiotics, is a very controversial area. We do know that long-term antibiotics do not help and are associated with serious complications. We also know from recent studies that Lyme disease does not relapse, but you can get reinfected. The most common symptom of Lyme disease is a classical rash, erythema migrans, and patients who get this rash again have another infection, not a relapse. A small percentage of patients who are treated for Lyme disease (10-20%) develop persistent symptoms, which may last for 6 months or more. This syndrome is called Post-treatment Lyme Disease Syndrome (PTLDS). According to the most recent advice from the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) there are many fraudulent products claiming to treat "chronic Lyme disease". So be cautious and make sure you are not being treated by quacks. Treatment by a physician associated with a University teaching hospital would be a good choice. In addition to seeing your physician and making sure there is no other condition responsible for your symptoms, the CDC recommends that you eat a healthy diet and get plenty of rest, talk to a counselor, and keep a diary of your activities and symptoms.  Pregnancy can be a scary time and all women worry about whether something they did might harm their baby. The best advice is to never take any medication, both over the counter and prescription, during pregnancy without first discussing this with your doctor. The first trimester is a time where the baby is developing and miscarriages happen. A few studies have suggested that medicines like ibuprofen, which is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), can increase the risk of a miscarriage in the first trimester. But other studies have failed to find a connection. A recent study done at Vanderbilt, though, has good news. This study looked at over-the-counter NSAID use in pregnant women during the first six weeks of pregnancy and found that there was not an increased risk of miscarriage. There are also concerns that NSAIDs can cause heart problems in the baby in the third trimester. In general, women should avoid medication use during pregnancy, if possible, and always talk to their doctor first. Most experts think that acetaminophen (Tylenol), rather than an NSAID, is a safer option for occasional pain relief during pregnancy.  My personal preference is heat. It seems to be better for me than ice. Some people get better relief from ice, so I would suggest try them both, and then use what works the best for you.  I get this too. Its due to the high salt/urea level of your sweat. Assuming it irritates your skin, but the irritation is in areas like armpits and groin, using a barrier/anti chafing cream (just mustnt be water soluble) will reduce the irritation to the point you may not get a rash).    I'd go to the doctor. She is probably allergic.  Although I don't known your medical history or possible other symptoms, I highly recommend that you seek emergency treatment immediately. As a matter of fact, please and allow professional medical personnel to assess the cause of your pain. You have everything to lose by delaying medical evaluation.   The first doctor to assess the condition should be your primary care physician. The family doctor will be able to review the patient's medical history and will have familiarity with your husbands overall health. The diagnostic process for neck pain can involve different body systems. The pain can be caused by nerve disorders, muscle injuries, and even some diseases such as infections. The general practice doctor can evaluate the symptoms, order diagnostic tests like blood work and x-rays, and determine what kind of specialist is needed. Based on your husbands condition and preliminary tests results, the primary care physician may start treatment before referring him to one of the following specialist: Back and neck problems can become like a painful nightmare. Since you've tried OTC medications coupled with heat/ice compresses without improvement, it is time to see the Family Doctor. If he cannot be seen within a day or two a visit to the local hospital's emergency room is justified. I hope that your husband's condition improves quickly.  It is unlikely that your knee surgery has any relationship with your stiff neck. Stiff necks are most frequently a result of trauma in the form of moving suddenly in a jerky fashion. The stiff neck may also be caused by haphazard sleeping positions or maintaining a general poor posture. Treatment of a stiff neck may start with warm compresses, massage of the affected area with over the counter muscle creams and liquids, and the taking of analgesic medications. If your neck remains stiff and painful after 72 hours following the recommended treatment, a visit to your family doctor or the chiropractor is justified.  I hope that you've already received the answers that you're seeking along with a large dose of positive resolution.I just saw your posting today, the sixth day, and wanted to offer my help. I am not an expert in diagnosing medical conditions, but do have an education and work history directed heavily in the medical sciences. Additionally, my daughter and son-in-law have been paramedics for over 15 years. With that introduction, here are my thoughts on your symptoms and blood studies: 1. As you know , some of your symptoms can easily fit into more that one medical category. Additionally, your symptoms and out of range lab results are suggestive of irregularities that could be associated with various body organ abnormalities. Some of these conditions are very serious while many others are much more palatable. I am sure that at this point, you just want an answer. 2. My list of possible medical conditions include: - Pyelonephritis, - Diabetic Hypoglycemia, - Pancreatitis, - Miscarriage, - Pelvic Inflammatory Disease, - Stomach Cancer, and, - Diverticular Diseases of the Colon. Please feel well soon.  It's can be tough diagnosing an itchy body. Hives are red, itchy welts on the skin and may be caused by various allergic agents and even nervous conditions. Treatment of hives is directed at removing the source of the offending source. I had a generalized body itch, took the same course of action as you, and eventually broke down and was seen in a walk-in medical clinic for professional help. My symptoms were mostly limited to feeling itchy from head to toe with only a faint trace of a skin rash. I though that I had considered all possible causes including bug bites and new products entering my body such as foods, beverages, soaps, and medications. I also noted that my wife who shared our common bed, was free of the same symptoms. Obviously, I was not contagious. In my situation, the hives condition was caused by an oral ant-biotic that I had already taken for 5 days. Since I had previously taken this same anti- biotic in the past without negative consequences, and didn't immediately see a reaction to the current treatment regime, I mistakenly excluded the anti-biotic as my allergic source. In my case, I was given an injectable dose of corticosteroid, prescribed Prednisone and directed to terminate the offending ant-biotic. In your case, after 3-4 days without resolving the issue through hydro cortisone and antihistamines, it's probably time to see a doctor.  Of course you may be serviced at an urgent care clinic, but I don't see that as being your best choice. Urgent care center doctors see individuals for relatively uncomplicated matters that can be resolved in one visit. Conditions such as colds, viruses, rashes, minor injuries, bruises, cuts requiring stiches, and infections are typical types of straight forward ,easily diagnosable cases that respond well to immediate treatment. A migraine headache is a symptom of some other disorder within the body such as hormonal changes, head/neck injury, alcohol consumption, sexual activity, eye conditions, ears, nose, & throat disorders, emotional stress, ingesting certain foods and beverages, environmental factors such as breathing polluted air, and many other reasons. There is also a relationship between family heredity as a predisposing factor seen in suffers with migraines. I recommend that you begin your search for resolution by making an appointment with a migraine headache specialist. Other doctors who may provide you with answers to your headaches include: Neurologists, Pain Management Specialists, OB/GYN Specialists, Endocrinologists, and Allergy Specialists. The next task is to begin keeping a journal of all daily activates. It should include times, dates, all physical and emotional events, all foods and beverages consumed, and of course, headaches. Note the start and end times for all headaches, the quality of the headache (What does it feel like?), your pain level (1 - 10), treatments attempted, and your response to those treatments. If the headaches cannot be reduced in their number of episodes or their intensity in a reasonable amount of time, then going to a hospital emergency room or urgent care center is justified. In the interim , take the medications as instructed, maintain a quiet and dark environment during acute headache periods, apply a facial ice pack/and or heat to the painful areas, eat and drink nutritious meals, and rest as needed. Unfortunately, migraine headaches are painful and may be difficult to diagnosis in the differential process of identifying the precipitating factors known ("triggers") which are unique to the individual sufferer of a migraine headache. Feel better soon.  $ 10K- $20K is a big price range, and although very expensive, it could be the going rate depending on some variables. There can be a big difference in medical procedure costs based upon the geographical area of the country, the person who is doing the procedure, the exact type of epidural procedure, and the facility where the procedure will be preformed. The costs are typically lower when preformed in a doctor's office, but that savings comes with additional risks for medical complications. Of course large medical insurance carriers can negotiate the costs of procedures significantly lower to what is referred to as "Usual & Customary Charges" wherein a non-insured individual pays the highest rates. I see a common range for the epidural procedure to be between $3,000 - $7,000. It is probably in your best interest to contact multiple providers for this procedure in your area and compare prices. Some large hospitals make available, as public information on their web site the average charge for most procedures.   I am sorry for the suffering that Motor Neuron Disease is delivering to your father. I am equally sorry for the stress that it has caused you and your family. Watching your fathers quality of life deteriorate over a 4-5 year period must almost be unbearable. Crafting an honest and complete answer to your question was especially difficult for me. MND is a horrible disorder that may begin slowly but quickly picks up speed with its destructive disease advancement. Motor Neuron Disease is progressive and leads to nearly complete paralysis and breathing distress. Most cases of MND are due to Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALSL) or Lou Gehrig Disease. Currently, the medication Riluzole is the only FDA approved drug used to treat MND. Riluzole is hardly a silver bullet in the effort to treat MND. Studies have shown some benefit of Riluzole to slow the disease process. As you probably know the prognosis for MND is grim. If you want to know the true devastating and shattering life expectancy projections for MND after its initial diagnosis, please continue reading my answer. My opinions First of all, each life is unique and precious. I believe that miracles are possible. New treatment options for MND are being worked on. Nobody can predict exactly how the published survival rates apply to your fathers disease. With that said, there is currently no cure for MND and treatment efforts usually turn to palliative measures. Hospice care can be a key ingredient to ensuring patient comfort as the disease finalizes its assault on the muscles of the individual. Here are the sad statistical survival rates for MND: 1 in 5 will remain living after 5 years of its diagnosis; 1 in 10 will remain living after 10 years of its initial diagnosis. I recommend that you and your family talk with the physician treating your father with Riluzole. Perhaps your father should also be part of that discussion. The specialty of that doctor is not as important as their familiarity with your father's case. That individual can best assess your fathers future prognosis. The tumor in the lumbar area is most likely unrelated to MND. But the tumor should be assessed and recommendations made for its possible treatment. You deserve honest answers to your questions and concerns. May you and your family experience peace during this time of uncertainty.  The first step to take should be to have a complete medical exam including blood studies and a medication review(sometimes different doctors prescribe medications without knowledge of the other doctor's prescribed medications. Too much medication can influence your energy level and cause drowsiness). Once you are found to be medically fit (no cancer, no heart or major organ problems),you may move on to what I suspect is the cause of your fatigue; that is, your chronic physical pain and resultant depression. Your next step may be to seek a referral to be seen by an orthopedic surgeon to receive appropriate treatment options for your neck, back, shoulders, torn rotator cuff, and torn ACL. This one doctor, along with a pain management specialist, may be able to keep your pain level within an acceptable range without taking large doses of energy draining medications. Finally, continue with your counseling and seek methods to reduce stress in your life. Stress causes emotional and physical problems. Eat nutritious meals, exercise as permitted by your physician and as tolerated (take neighborhood walks to see nature, animals, and to interact with other people), and get 8 hours of sleep each night. My plan is not a magic bullet, but it is different from what you are doing now. Your current plan of action is leaving you in pain, in a chronic sleepy state, and joyless. You deserve better. .  I have right bundle branch block and my physician not was not concerned. He explained to me that if it had been a left bundle branch block that he may have done investigation beyond my E.K.G. test. According to my doctor, the majority of cardiac work is completed on the left side. My understanding is that a left bundle branch block may have little to no significance or its presence could indicate underlying cardiac disease. Left bundle branch block is sometimes seen with Cardiac Enlargement, Aortic Valve Disease, and a host of other cardiac conditions. Although most organs of the body work like a finely tuned orchestra, irritable bowel syndrome and back problems more than likely are issues not related to a diagnosis of left bundle branch block. the LBBB finding and recommend that you discuss it with your doctor and determine if further workup is needed. Perhaps a referral to a competent cardiologist (heart specialist) is justified.   Swollen neck lymph nodes may be the result of an infection, inflammation, cancer, or viruses. In your case, it is suspected that your recent cold is the cause of the enlarged neck lymph node. Treatment is dependent on the cause with bacterial infections possibly needing antibiotics, a virus needing to run its course, and cancers being attacked with multiple individualized treatments. The link below will access a WebMd article on the topic of lymph nodes. http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/swollen-lymph-nodes-topic-overview?wwparam=1307921683  I meant to put 'tourettes' not torrents. Sorry.  Could be pinch nerve in neck, have a Nerve conductive test done ask doctor I have the same thing an that's what we found was pinch nerve in neck .  I had been having a similar problem for quite some time. It got so bad that I finally went and saw a Chiropractor. He gave me 1 suggestion and I tried it. It worked for a couple of nights. Lay flat on your back, with 1 pillow under your head, and pillows on both sides of you. When that stopped working for me, I was then seeing a Physical Therapist. She suggested that I lay on my side (whichever side was more comfortable), with 1 pillow under my head, a pillow between my legs, a small towel roll between my waist and the bed, and a body pillow behind my back. I have been sleeping that way for over a month now, and it has been amazing! I fall asleep much quicker, and then I sleep really well through the night.  My daughter has cat scratch fever wheb she was little it would start with a sore throat and the throat would get infected a huge knot of puss went from one side of her kneck to the other. Finally had to take her to the hospital and an dr numb her kneck where the infection was at and lanced it to get the puss out, the puss was the infection going from one side to the other so yes you need to see a dr soon as possible.  It can be treat with HT (Hormone Therapy) in which women need to opt for Birth control or oral contraception pills. It is prescribed because they contain hormones estrogen and progesterone and helpful to control irregular periods. So, you can opt for Depo Provera, Nexplanon and Ovral G etc. And to get them at your doorstep you may go for online pharmacy Meds247online.  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  Instead of eating those greasy foods, you should really just try do do regular small bowl of lettuce, or a carrot or any kind of veggie, or even a fruit. I am not a bright one, but I try to eat healthy. When you have high blood pressure, or diabetes, I heard that eating fruit, or a veggie will help You get healthier, or better. I am not a expert, I am a regular person, so ask you friend, family, neighbors,but eat healthy and you can may be get better! So stay strong and go on!  Also, I haven't slept a whole lot lately.  I was just diagnosed with the exact same thing (same place too). I was told to make an appointment with a neurosurgeon IMMEDIATELY! I suggest you do the same.  numbness happens tingley feeling. extreme pain where i have to sit down and try to focus so will quit spinning. I've seen a Dr. already and he keeps on subscribing different pills that dont work. Any thoughts.  One may have the wrong strenght in their personal/and or reading glasses.  ...Firstly this is a problem to be solved by a team approach. First see a derm and an endocrinologist. They together will check for hormonal imbalances such as PCOS -- PCOS (polycystic ovarian disease) which can result in excessive body hair and facial hair. It can also be accompanied by cystic acne and weight gain. There are many other causes of excess hair growth . Sometimes it is genetic, or cause from certain medications. Some ethnicities grow darker thicker hairs as well. In general a routine blood test to look for PCOS and other abnormalities can lead to a simple treatment with a medication and as well laser hair removal. ...Remember - please see an endocrinologist and a dermatologist as well as your gynecologist. Stick with board-certified physicians.  looked into getting MRI or seeing an Orthopedic specialist for a pinched Nerve or cervical Neck problems. Had a Neck n 2 shoulder repairs. I have been in pain just like yours since last Shoulder surgery n told possible SSN Super Scapular Nerve problems.  I would consult your doctor asap. They may want to do a scope to look inside your throat for possible tumors. What kind of pain is it? Is it located in your throat itself or in the neck in general?  You can use products developed for use on the face. Look for ingredients such as retinoids (retinol, retinyl propionate, and others), peptides, vitamin C, niacinamide, caffeine, grape seed extract, marine extract, and other antioxidants.  There are excellent chemical peels or laser peels your dermatologist can offer you to help treat this very sensitive area. My preference is the fractional CO2 laser.  It could be from sun exposure, fragrance, or any underlying even subtle irritation that causes inflammation of the skin can leave behind discoloration, also known as hyperpigmentation. There is also a type of yeast infection called tinea versicolor that can leave your neck, back and upper arms looking blotchy. Your dermatologist will be able to help clarify and offer you the proper treatment to clear the condition.  It could be psoriasis or a condition called seborrheic dermatitis. Both are chronic conditions but have different underlying causes and somewhat different treatments. You can start by using a salicylic acid-based wash and OTC hydrocortisone, and a salicylic acid or tar-based shampoo. If it does not improve, your dermatologist will be able to evaluate and offer prescription treatments to better control the condition.  There are no treatments similar to Botox that last longer. Botox does work very well in the right candidate to smooth neck bands, but not for excess skin. There are new radiofrequency, and less invasive liposuction-like devices that are coming in the next year or so that may work well for "turkey necks" but nothing beyond liposuction and plastic surgery for now.  There are no treatments similar to Botox that last longer. Botox does work very well in the right candidate to smooth neck bands, but not for excess skin. There are new radiofrequency, and less invasive liposuction-like devices that are coming in the next year or so that may work well for "turkey necks" but nothing beyond liposuction and plastic surgery for now.  There are excellent chemical peels or laser peels your dermatologist can offer you to help treat this very sensitive area. My preference is the fractional CO2 laser.  You can use products developed for use on the face. Look for ingredients such as retinoids (retinol, retinyl propionate, and others), peptides, vitamin C, niacinamide, caffeine, grape seed extract, marine extract, and other antioxidants.  Has a Doctor verified you have an ear infection ? I had HORRIBLE pain in my ear. I went through 5 courses of antibiotics before the decision was made that I should see a Specialist. The problem was not in my ear, the glands in my neck were blocked and were pressing against my ear. I had a huge bulge under my jaw from the infection. I had surgery at MD Anderson Hospital almost a year ago and all is fine.  Thank you for reaching out with this question. It's an important one for others your age who have your symptoms. My advice? Check with your doctor before doing any exercise at all, even walking for exercise. He or she can give you specific instructions for what type of exercise(s) to do, for how long, and at what intensity. If you decide to walk anyway (hey, I know how you 86 year olds are!), please have someone with you at all times. Because of your weakness, I have a real concern about your falling and breaking a hip. Right now, you may need to focus more on diet than on exercising, especially since you say you feel extremely weak. I salute you for being a survivor and wish you many more healthful years! You inspire me.  Honestly, the only way to diagnose strep is through a lab test. Even if all the signs (like throat redness) and symptoms (like soreness) are there, it still may not be strep. Even "white spots" in the back of the mouth are no guarantee it's a case of strep. is almost always accompanied by fever. Are you using a thermometer to measure your son's temperature, or are you relying on the old hand-to-the-forehead method? It's very important to use a thermometer when assessing fever. I mention this because it never ceases to amaze me how many people do not have this basic tool in their medicine cabinets. Keep in mind, also, if you're giving your son acetaminophen (Tylenol) to ease the pain of the sore throat, this could cause him to register a "normal" temperature on the thermometer (because acetaminophen is a fever-reducer). Instead of speculating about what might be going on with your son, I suggest you take him to his pediatrician. Since the problem has been going on for nearly a week, it's not a bad idea to get medical attention. I hope your little boy feels better soon! Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you experience this. It doesn't sound pleasant, that's for sure! Whenever a patient describes pain with words like "jolt of electricity," we tend to think in terms of nerve pain. Only a physical examination and perhaps some testing like X-rays or MRI can say for sure what's going on with your neck. That said, I would suspect you occasionally pinch a nerve when you turn your head suddenly. This type of can occur if you have a spinal disc that is slowly collapsing or if you have some arthritis in the vertebrae (spinal bones) of your neck. While I don't think this situation is an emergency, I would suggest you get this checked out by a health care provider soon. Catching spine problems early usually results in a better outcome. You can start with a visit to your primary care provider, and he or she can get the ball rolling. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. Pain is never fun! I would urge you to get in to see your doctor as soon as possible. What you're describing does not sound like a migraine at all, but it could possibly be an ear infection. In rare cases, an untreated ear infection can move into the bone behind the ear. This normally happens in children and is called . No matter what the underlying cause of this pain is, the fact it's ongoing and seems to be getting worse means you need medical attention. If you can't get an office visit, it's probably time for a visit to urgent care. Feel better!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds very unpleasant! A number of things could be going on here, but it's not likely your gallbladder is involved. The gallbladder is located on the right side of the body, near the bottom of your rib cage. It's doubtful the gallbladder could refer any pain to the left shoulder. I can think of any number of reasons you'd be having this pain, from a slight fracture to a injury to an aggravated . The only way to find out what's going on is to see a medical professional for an examination and possibly other testing, like an X-ray. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider (PCP) to have this evaluated. It would be helpful to evaluate it when it's actually flaring up, but that might be impossible to time. Even if you're not having a pain episode, your PCP might be able to come to some conclusion as to the cause of this pain and get you started on treatment. Best of luck to you!  If the situation concerns you, the best bet is to call your primary care provider or, if you feel the situation is life-threatening, call 911. Since you said this same thing happened the last two times she received steroid injections to the neck, it sounds as if this may be her body's normal way of reacting to the injection. However, any time you become worried or frightened about a person's (or your own) reaction to a medical procedure, it's a good idea to seek medical attention. I hope you find this response helpful.  I'm sorry to hear you're suffering like this. It's bad enough to take on a new job without then coming down with mysterious physical symptoms! Unfortunately, it's impossible to tell whether this is serious or not. Obviously, you should know the and also know the . While anyone can have a heart attack, it's more likely among people with multiple risk factors. I would suggest you make an appointment with your primary health care provider to evaluate your symptoms. Your provider probably will want to run some tests, such as blood work or possibly and EKG. Many medical conditions could cause the symptoms you describe, including low thyroid. Your health care provider can correlate your health history with your new symptoms to arrive at a diagnosis. I hope you feel better soon!  I'm sorry you're going through this and that the medications didn't give you any relief. When symtpoms persist after treatment, it's always a good idea to return to the doctor to update him or her and get reevaluated. I'd suggest you do just that. Tinea barbae is a type of , which is an inflammation of the hair follicle (the part of the hair that's embedded in your skin) caused by an infection. Tinea barbae is caused by a fungus, which is why your health care provider prescribed an anti-fungal cream (clotrimazole) to treat it. However, since that didn't work, it's time to get the rash re-checked. I'd suggest you also share with your doctor that over-the-counter lotions and creams made the rash worse. If possible, tell him or her specifically which items you used. That may help get you a better diagnosis. Good luck to you!  I'm sorry your mom is going through this. It sounds like a very uncomfortable situation. If it's been less than a week since your mom saw the doctor, then you may just need to hang in there awhile longer. The symptoms you describe could be caused by many conditions, including a cold virus. You may need to take a "watchful waiting" approach to see if the situation gets better or worse. If it gets better, then great! If it gets worse, I'd suggest a return trip to the doctor. Keep in mind, I'm just making suggestions. I am not in a position to suggest a diagnosis or give medical advice. Hope your mom feels better soon!  Good question. I guess I'm assuming you're the one with and that you have had this diagnosis confirmed by a doctor. If not, and you suspect you have in your neck, obviously you need to see a doctor as soon as possible because the situation could be very dangerous. Bones are very good at repairing themselves. In fact, bones are constantly remodeling their structure, replacing old cells with new ones. The type of treatment for a bone fracture depends on the location and severity of the break. For example, a simple broken arm may be treated only with stabilization (a cast) while the bone mends itself. On the other hand, a severe fracture of bones in the ankle may require surgery with the use of screws and plates to hold the bone fragments together. Like I said, if you suspect you have a broken bone in your neck from an injury, you need to seek medical attention. A doctor will advise you on what treatment is required, if any, for the situation. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry you're experiencing this. Medical diagnosis and treatment can be very confusing, sometimes! Certainly, in the neck (cervical vertebrae) can cause pain. The pain is caused by pressure on the nerve roots where they extend from the spinal cord and through the vertebrae. If the discs in your neck are degenerating (becoming stiff or even collapsing), this can put pressure on the nerves and cause pain. Sometimes, a doctor will look at pictures of your neck from an X-ray or MRI and will not see any areas of nerve compression. Because of this, he or she will tell you you shouldn't be having any pain. However, it's not always possible to see a compressed nerve on an X-ray or MRI. If you're having pain in your neck, you can return to your doctor to let him or her know this. Your doctor will determine what type of treatment might work best to relieve your symptoms. I hope you find relief soon!  The type of flushing you describe after drinking alcohol is not necessarily unusual. Alcohol consumption causes veins to dilate (get larger), which can cause the skin to appear reddened. This venous dilation also is the cause of the warm feeling many people associate with moderate drinking. Absent any other symptoms, you probably need not worry about this bit of flushing caused by consuming a moderate amount of alcohol. Note, however, if you take any prescription medications you should consult your health care provider or a pharmacist before consuming alcohol in any amount. Alcohol can affect medications in many different ways, so if you are drinking (even wine or beer) you want to make sure it's safe for you. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds absolutely miserable! Because this situation is now going on three weeks, I would suggest you get it checked out. You may be able to avoid the emergency room (and the high fees involved) by searching in your community for a free or low-cost health care clinic. Sometimes these have the name "healthcare for the homeless," but you usually don't have to be homeless to take advantage of the services. I cannot provide a hotlink here, but if you visit http://www.hrsa.gov/gethealthcare/affordable/index.html, you can search for low-cost health care in your area. I wish you all the best with this!  I'm glad to hear all is good, and I hope I can help set your mind at ease. A in the neck can send pain radiating down the shoulder and arm -- and even into the chest area, which could indeed feel like the symptoms of a . Presumably, you received an X-ray or MRI scan of your neck. This is usually how a pinched nerve in the neck is diagnosed. Pinched nerves in the neck are often caused by compression of a disk in the spinal column of the neck. This compression puts pressure on the nerve, which in turn causes the pain. You're right that there's no relationship between a pinched nerve in the neck and a heart problem. It's just that the pinched nerve caused you to have pain that was similar to what a person feels when they have a heart attack. Hope this helps!  So sorry to hear you're going through this. It's difficult to cope with severe pain. Unless you're experiencing along with this pain in your neck, please do not clog up the emergency room. The emergency department should be reserved for true life-or-death emergencies or serious traumas like broken bones. Unfortunately, severe neck pain doesn't rise to that level. What you're describing sounds like the classic symptom of a . There are many possible causes for , ranging from a to a . It sounds like you've done everything right, in terms of home treatment. However, one round of ibuprofen, one hot shower, and one good massage may not be enough to alleviate the pain, especially if it's caused by something like a herniated disk. (Also note: No one should take more than 2400 milligrams of ibuprofen within a 24-hour period, and no more than 800mg every 8 hours.) Again, assuming you're not exhibiting any (which generally don't include "stabbing pain at the base of the neck"), your best bet is to continue to try home remedies. If the situation doesn't clear up within a few days, make an appointment with your primary health care provider for an evaluation. If the situation gets worse (such as your arm starts to go numb), then you might consider heading for an urgent care facility. Wishing you well!  Unfortunately, your question is lacking crucial information to provide a good answer. How old is your son? Has he received routine childhood vaccines? Enlarged lymph nodes can signal a variety of potential conditions. Your best bet is to take your son to his pediatrician for an exam. If your son has not been immunized against (the MMR vaccine), you definitely should seek medical attention. Mumps in a young man (generally older than age 10) can cause a related condition called , which is swelling of the testicles. This can cause fertility problems down the road. Regardless of your son's immunization status, having enlarged lymph nodes is not normal, and you should seek medical attention. If your son is running a high fever, you should seek emergency medical treatment. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. (generic name hydrocodone-acetaminophen) shouldn't cause your blood pressure to spike. Quite the opposite, in fact. Pain can cause your blood pressure to go up, though, so be sure to take enough medication to keep your pain adequately controlled. Several things can cause your blood pressure to spike temporarily, including needing to urinate (pee). However, if your post-operative pressure is above what's normal for you, please call your surgeon's office to advise them about what's going on. They need to know. I wish you all the best with this!  I'm sorry you're going through this. I want to caution you, however, that you should never self-administer antibiotics. It's this type of usage that is causing a rise in the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Your best bet is to see a medical professional. Your condition can only be diagnosed through a physical exam and possibly some other testing, such as a throat swab or blood work. It could, as you speculate, be a virus. If it is, it should clear up in 7-14 days. No antibiotics required. However, it could be something other than a virus. Many conditions can cause the symptoms you're describing, from an inflamed salivary gland to an abscessed tooth. The only way to find out is to visit a health care provider. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It just goes to show how negatively pain can impact so many aspects of our lives. I commend you for being committed to your sexual health and marital relationship. You're a good wife for wanting to build that intimacy back up! I'd suggest you start by assessing what non-sexual positions are the most comfortable for you. For example, if sitting in a chair provides relief, try adapting that for a sexual purpose. Have your husband sit on a chair and then sit on your husband, if that makes sense. Another suggestion is to try having sex in a water environment, such as the shower or a bathtub. This may be especially helpful if warm water gives you pain relief. Just be careful nobody slips! You may simply have to experiment to find positions that work for you. Do not be shy about seeking out aids, such as swings or slings that suspend from the ceiling, if you need something like that to help take pressure off your back during sex. A less expensive and less permanent solution may involve plenty of pillows to prop and support body parts. Again, experimentation is going to be key here. If you feel shy about expressing your feelings or needs to your partner, please don't hesitate to consult your doctor, a nurse, or a psychotherapist who's experienced in sexual health to help with communication and to help you find solutions. Believe me, they will understand your concerns and treat you with utmost respect. All the best to you!  Well, I recommend you get this checked out. Heart problems can hit like lightning (heart attack) or come on gradually. It sounds like you may have a heart problem that's becoming gradually worse. Of course, this can only be determined with a physical examination and some other testing performed by your health care provider. Chest pain that lasts 8 hours is nothing to ignore. Please get medical attention as soon as you can. All the best to you!  Gosh, it's really hard to say what could be causing this without performing a physical examination. Have you injured the shoulder? Slept on it wrong? Do you engage in contact sports? Any of these things could cause the symptoms you describe. It could be a pulled muscle, muscle spasms, shoulder injury, nerve root compression at the spine -- and that's just for starters. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider to have this checked out. With a good physical exam and possibly some other testing, your provider should be able to diagnose and treat the source of the symptoms. Hope you feel better soon!  I'm confused. If the MRI showed bilateral , why would you believe that's not the cause of your symptoms? Mastoiditis is an infection of the skull bone that lies just behind the ear. It normally is treated with oral antibiotics because it's a bacterial infection. Ear drops also are frequently used. If you have any questions about your diagnosis or treatment, you should call your health care provider's office for a call back or to make an appointment to see your doctor. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry you're going through this and hope you have sought medical treatment. Unfortunately, it's impossible to diagnose a condition like this without a physical exam. Many conditions can cause the symptoms you describe. A medical professional needs to see this and possibly run some additional tests in order to figure out what's going on. Meanwhile, be extremely careful not to touch surfaces or other people while the rash on your hands is active. Wear light gloves, if possible, to keep from spreading whatever this may be to others. I hope you get a diagnosis and feel better soon!  I suppose it's possible. can be very painful, and I'm sure it might feel as if the pain is radiating down the neck to the shoulder. However, the pain you're describing could be caused by many other conditions, including muscle strain, , or even possibly . The only way to tell what's causing your pain is for you to get an examination by a medical professional. If your pain doesn't clear up or if it's accompanied by a fever, I'd suggest you contact your primary health care provider for an appointment to find out what's going on. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. The fear of having cancer must be very tough for you to cope with. I'm glad to hear you have a mammogram scheduled. That is a good starting point, and it sounds like your health care provider is on top of your situation. While you wait, try to remember that worrying will only cause you misery and can even have a negative impact on your immune system. Look for support from family and friends. Try to distract yourself. Focus on the many positive things in your life, no matter how small they may seem. If you can try to get a massage or otherwise pamper yourself to relieve your excessive stress. Even though you have a family history of cancer, it's not a sure bet you have cancer, too. It's entirely possible your breast lump is benign (non-cancerous) and that your other symptoms can be attributed to a virus or even stress. I know it's hard, but try to work on reducing your stress level and staying as healthy as possible as you work through the process of getting a diagnosis. Take care of yourself!  I'm sorry to hear you go through this, and if it helps I'll share this: It happens to me, too! Some people are just naturally prone to flushing when they're embarrassed, angry, or otherwise experiencing heightened emotions. Have you ever noticed whether or not your neck flushes for no reason at all? Mine does. Sometimes, I can just be sitting around minding my own business, get up to go to the bathroom and notice my neck's all red. What the heck?! I don't know if there's any medical explanation for this. I've noticed, personally, that it seems to happen more in fair-skinned people of north European descent. It could simply be that flushing (which is caused by increased blood flow just beneath the skin) is more visible in fair-skinned people. I don't know. If possible, try to learn to live with this unique trait. When people tease me about this, I laugh right along with them. I say things like, "Some people wear their heart on their sleeve. I wear my emotions on my face!" If the anxiety aspect bothers you, don't hesitate to seek counseling from a trained psychotherapist. Anxiety can be managed through cognitive therapy (talk therapy) and medication, if warranted. A counselor also can help you cope with the embarrassment you feel about the flushing. I wish you all the best, as a kindred spirit!  Sorry you're going through this misery! First, let's not jump to the conclusion this is , though it certainly sounds like it could be. I'd suggest you see a medical professional for an accurate diagnosis. As you know, if it is shingles you may be able to take a prescription medication to help with the pain. If it's not shingles, your health care provider may be able to provide you with treatment for whatever it actually is. Try to refrain from pulling your hair out, as this can cause permanent loss of hair in those areas. Also remember shingles in the blister stage is contagious and can cause someone who's never had to come down with the illness. To help avoid this, make sure you're washing your hands thoroughly and often. Also do not share any combs, brushes, or other personal hygiene implements. I hope you get a diagnosis quickly!  I certainly understand her reluctance to seek medical attention when she doesn't have insurance. Many communities offer free or low-cost clinics to people who are uninsured. Maybe you can help her find one of these. I think your daughter needs to get this checked out. It may be completely benign, such as a lipoma (a fatty non-cancerous tumor). But then again, it could be something more serious. Certainly, if your daughter has a fever or is experiencing unintended weight loss, she needs to be checked out as soon as possible. You might encourage your daughter, also, by reminding her the cost of an office visit is substantially less than the cost of an emergency room visit, so why put off getting this thing looked at? I wish your daughter all the best!  I'm sorry to hear about your auto accident. You obviously were lucky to survive. The chest pain you describe could simply be caused by the rib fracture. Ribs can take a very long time to heal. A month isn't very long, in terms of a rib fracture. If the chest pain has gotten worse since your accident, or if it's accompanied by a fever (over 101F), racing heartbeat, or shortness of breath, then I'd suggest you see your primary healthcare provider immediately or go to the emergency room. These symptoms can be signs of an infection or a blood clot. I hope this helps and wish you all the best in your recovery!  Whether or not you have insurance, if you are experiencing any of these symptoms, you must go to the emergency room immediately: A crushing, squeezing, or burning pain, pressure, or fullness in the center of the chest. The pain may radiate to the neck, one or both arms, the shoulders, or the jaw. The chest discomfort lasts more than a few minutes. It can diminish in intensity and return. Shortness of breath, dizziness Nausea, heartburn, or upset stomach Sweating or feeling "the chills" A weak, fast pulse An irregular heart beat Cold, clammy skin, or a gray color to the face Fainting or loss of consciousness Fatigue These are the symptoms of a heart attack . My purpose is not to alarm you but to inform you so that you can assess your symptoms and make an appropriate decision about what to do. Even without insurance, you can access health care in most cities. If you don't know how to access free or low-cost care in your area, call your local hospital or a crisis hotline. They will be able to provide you with resources for free and low-cost health care so you can get this problem checked out. Good luck to you!  First of all, thank goodness you apparently don't have meningitis! How scary. In answer to your last question: Yes, I think the ER doctor should have explained to you exactly what to expect after your lumbar puncture. In fact, you should have received some sort of written instructions. Beyond that, I think they should have given you additional, verbal information about what to expect due to experiencing six attempts. It's possible the site is still sore because of multiple tries and because of hitting a tendon. However, if you begin to run a fever, it's time to seek medical attention. Fever could be a sign of infection. Lumbar punctures are performed under sterile conditions, but infection can occur after-the-fact. I don't think four days of soreness at the puncture site is unreasonable, but if you're concerned, you might give your primary care provider a call. It never hurts (no pun intended) to get these things checked out. I hope you feel better soon!  psoriasis? If so, not to worry it's quite treatable.  Not sure, is a friend  it could be your thyroid. I would go to a walk-in clinic to get it checked out.  ProActive is the best daily product to keep your skin healthy and clearer than "normal." It's only about $25.00 and it WORKS. You also need to check with your family doctor, or your Dermatologist to make sure that the type of acne you have isn't a more serious kind. Do some research on the different types and severity of acne to better determine if yours is just the run-of-the-mill, common type that we all experience at some point in our lives, or if it could be more serious. Almost everyone in the world has had blemishes in their lives, so don't let it get your confidence down....we've all been there!  You say have shingles 3 weeks ago , the little red tiny spots may have not related with shingles , because it is a long time . First you can daub some medical which cure Skin allergy , and you can put on a face mask , so that you can reduce The virus from other person . if you had do these , your symptoms continue , i think you should have a doctor .  There are many potential mechanisms by which food may cause symptoms. Allergic reactions are caused by allergic antibodies leading to immediate hypersensitivity reactions. Nut allergy typically causes itching, lip/tongue swelling, nausea, vomiting, lightheadedness, flushing and/or rash. The rash is usually hives (welts) but some develop other types of skin eruptions. Ulcers in the mouth is an unusual manifestation. Make a list of all the foods that cause the symptoms, timecourse of development of symptoms in relationship to eating the food so your doctor/allergic can further investigate.  I do not know of a way to explain those symptoms in the context of your allergies. I would mention them to your primary care doctor so an investigation into other possible causes can be undertaken.  Medicines can relieve 		 neck pain and reduce 		 inflammation of the soft tissues. Pain relief will 		 allow you to move your neck gently, so you can begin easy exercises and start 		 the healing process. Although pain relievers, muscle relaxants, 		 and antidepressants are commonly used for neck pain , none are well-proven 		 treatments. 2 Nonprescription pain 		 relievers include: Creams or gels, such as Bengay , that are rubbed into the 			 neck. Acetaminophen , such as Tylenol , which reduces 			 pain. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , including 			 aspirin (such as Bayer), ibuprofen (such as Advil), or naproxen sodium (such as 			 Aleve ), that can help relieve pain and reduce inflammation. Do not give aspirin to anyone younger than 20 because of the risk of 			 Reye syndrome . Prescription pain relievers include: Muscle relaxants , which are used to treat severe neck 			 pain and spasms when neck pain begins (acute neck pain). They include diazepam 			 (such as Valium ), cyclobenzaprine (such as Flexeril ), and carisoprodol (such as 			 Soma ). Narcotic pain relievers , which are used to treat 			 severe short-term (acute) neck pain. They include codeine , acetaminophen and 			 hydrocodone (such as Vicodin , Lortab ), aspirin and oxycodone (such as 			 Percodan ), and acetaminophen and oxycodone (such as Percocet ). Antidepressants , which are used to treat long-lasting 			 (chronic) pain. They include doxepin (such as Sinequan ) and amitriptyline . 			  Characteristics of 		 neck pain include: Pain that occurs from the bottom of your head to the top of your 			 shoulders. Pain may spread to the upper back or arms. Pain that is worse with movement. Limited head and neck movement. The neck may be stiff or 			 tender. Headaches . These are common and may persist for months. Nerve-related symptoms caused by pressure on the 		 spinal nerve roots or 		 spinal cord include: Numbness, tingling, or weakness in the arm or hand. A burning feeling when touched on the skin of the arm or hand. 			 A pain that feels like a shock and extends into the arm or 			 hand. Leg numbness or weakness, and loss of the ability to control 			 urination ( bladder control) or bowel movements. This occurs when 			 there is considerable pressure or injury to the spinal cord. If your neck pain is long-lasting (chronic), it may be 		 difficult to cope with daily life. Common side effects of chronic pain include 		 fatigue , 		 depression , and 		 anxiety . For more information, see the topic 		 Chronic Pain .  Yes, some can depending on how the pain is and how much you can handle  That was more then likely the pain.  Did they say it was near the hypo thalmus which regulates the body's temperature.  It could be a Brachial Cleft Cyst. Might appear small on the outside of the neck but is actually growing on the inside. Mine required surgery to remove (still have the scar) and grew to the size of a softball by the time it was surgically removed.  Sorry for the continuation, but I feel as much info as possible needs to be given. There has been no change in diet, exercise, or schedule (sleeping, work etc). There has been no added stress in life recently either. No matter what time of day, the pressure on the center of my neck (not the side muscles), as stated a thumb pressing "up into my skull" gives me a sort of orgasmic feeling, as if I didn't know I needed relief. More so it is the feeling of breathing 100% oxygen. (I work on aircraft oxygen systems and often test them. The pressure on my neck gives the same sort of "coming to, or awakening" that breathing 100% oxygen does). During a Migraine, this pressure point provides the most "instant" relief possible. I have been to my (military) PCM numerous times now, with no avail. Also my healthcare currently isn't accepting off-base referrals. Therefore, I am not able to see a Neurologist, or a radiology center fora CT scan. Thanks in advance for any help provided. -J  You could be experiencing bone spurs in your neck. It is very painful, can come and go and the severity can vary. Turning your head a certain way can cause a flare up. You should start with a simple x-ray, then if that doesn't show the answer, then proceed with an MRI  Yes it could. I am experiencing the exact same thing. I am 53 and never had Migraines in my life until I was involved in a car wreck and hit my head. I now get Migraines frequently.....sometimes 2-3 a week  You need to see a physician about this IMMEDIATELY.  When I have my pains, it is in the middle of my back. It doesn't start on the right or left. It starts where my spine is and moves around to the front to where it hurts to breathe and move. The only thing that helps me are two bags of ice, for my back and just under my ribcage, and either 2 alieve's or 2 midol's. I had to checked out and was hooked up to a machine and everything. They said it was my breathing, but I can't remember if that was exactly the case. I lost 41 pounds but I could still feel the start of it but, I would take medicine before it could go any further.  Hi. First you should know what causes cancer. One of the major things is tobacco smoking or genetic mutation from your DNA.  I recently just got over Pneumonia myself and according to my discharge papers, it says that if you develop neck pain or stiffness that you should contact your doctor immediately. I had a little bit of both but I believe mine was from the bed rest. I would call your doctor and ask what they think you should do. Hope you feel better soon!  it could be the left tonsil...Look at it with a flashlight by looking at the throat. If you see anything white (white dots) they need to see a doctor. That is usually a sign of Strep Throat which can be extremely dangerous if not treated right away with antibiotics. If the tonsil looks healthy then it could also be a lymph node  I do recommend getting another doctors opinion. It does seem like something that needs to be further evaluated. However, I would not assume he needs to see an oncologist just yet. I recommend seeing another primary care pediatrician and going from there.  There is always a risk with anesthesia, however the chances of things going wrong are slim for healthy children. Children of young ages get anesthesia every day for procedures like this one. I myself had it when I was just 6 months old and again at 7 years old for surgeries and all went perfect! It sounds like it would be a good idea to get it removed, especially since the surgeon is reassuring that there is a very slim chance of things going wrong,  Have you seen a doctor for this? That is a very long time to go on with this and not see a doctor. I recommend going to see one asap.  It sounds like Mono or Epstien Bar Virus (They can cause each other thogh) because I had both in Summer 2012 and I still got the swollen lympnodes (If you get these from Mono they can last up to a year)not suppose to but I do and to tell you the truth I think I am getting it again but a whole lot worse Mono can lead to Lymphoma (same symptoms as Mono) and I know that because my ex did and well I know I got Lymphoma or Mono again but anyways if you got Mono there is no treatment for it the only thing you can do is get a lot of rest and take some over the counter pain pills and you cannot do hardly any physical activity because when you have Mono your spleen gets swollen and if you fall you could rupture your spleen and the result for that is Hospital for a while. Mononucleosis Symptoms Pain or discomfort Enlarged or swollen glands Fever Excessive sweating Night sweats Skin rash Sore throat Yellow skin Yellow eyes Decreased appetite Fatigue Headache Tenderness to touch Weakness (generalized) Swollen tonsils Tender glands Unable to blink or close eyelid  Yes. There are nerve roots between the bones that connect each vertebra. If you have a slipped, bulging and/or herniate disc, depending on which way the disc pushes, it can affect any nerve that leads to the head and/or anywhere else in your body and cause pain.  Might be gall bladder  Median nerves symptoms can be caused by problems from the neck all the way down to the hand. In some cases there are problems with the nerve itself, and with the mylien covering. You really need a more complete workup to determine the cause of your median nerve neuropathy rather than at face value assume its a problem with the carpal tunnel. Some patients due require re-release of the carpal tunnel, or local flap to cover the median nerve depending on the problem if the workup reveals the cause of your symtpoms localize to the carpal tunnel region.  My son had problems with his lymph nodes swelling and after the fear of lymphoma we found out that the cause was infection. Hopefully your outcome will be something easy to fix  Enlarged lymph nodes in the neck and jaw area can be caused by several conditions. If lymph nodes persistently remain enlarged after several weeks doctors usually consider a work-up to help determine the cause. Work up can include physical exam, lab tests, x-rays, and sometimes biopsy of an abnormal lymph node. Some infections that commonly cause enlarged lymph nodes are strep throat, mononucleosis, cytomegalovirus, toxoplasmosis, tuberculosis, and HIV infection. There are many more possible infectious causes. Some cancers cause enlarged lymph nodes such as head and neck cancers and lymphoma. There are several other medical conditions such as lupus, amyloidosis, and sarcoidosis that can cause lymph node enlargement. Certain medications can lead lymph node enlargement as a side effect. It is best for your brother to follow up with his doctor who can evaluate the need to do further work-up if lymph node enlargement persists. Here is a link to an article about enlarged lymph nodes http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/swollen-lymph-nodes-topic-overview Take Care  I have a device that I lay on floor and stretch my neck to help relieve some pain form bulging discs in neck. You can get shots for rotator cuff pain. How long the shots last is different with every individual. I've learned not to do certain things with my shoulder. Surgery can fix them all but that's not an option at this time, for me. I take over the counter pain med., don't want to start anything stronger, that's up to every individual.  A dermatologist can examine the skin for abnormalities and assess for appropriate treatment. While "age spots" can appear as people get older, it is important to make sure any new skin "spots" are not suggestive of something concerning. A doctor can make that evaluation.  I would look at the sentence under the Answer. " This Answer should not be considered (Good) medical advice and should not take the place of a (LLMD) doctors visit". I added the words in brackets.  Personally, I found the answer to this above, very misleading. Although she mentioned the controversy, but she did not tell you about the overwhelming evidence against the CDC's view point on Chronic Lyme Disease. You are not alone, your are not the only one receiving answers such as this one as to why you are still sick. You will see for yourself through the help of a Lyme Literate doctor, that antibiotics can and will help improve your symptoms. You will also begin to find that no doctor with a closed mind will be able to help you through this. There is a group on Facebook called Lyme Disease Awareness, go there and get the right information from 13k people just like yourself who have been denied long term treatment from doctors. I was one of those people. I had other doctors who said I was fine, call these Lyme Literate doctors quacks. That quack gave me my life back! Go to the Columbia University Tick borne Diseases research Center website, at the top there is a second opinion option in one of the menus, click it and go see doctor Brian Fallon and get your answers there or at lymedisease.org  Try Yoga. The knots are due more than likely to stress. So Yoga is a way to let go of stress, and probably do something nice for your heart too.  i am a yoga guru in India. Been in the field for 12 yrs. I also have been suffering from arthritis for some time , in the neck , hands and low back. Believe me I am not taking any medicine. I have been able to manage only with Yogaanasas, Yoga nidra or Corpe pose.You have to learn from an expert and not self learn. It is a good pain reliever.  Strress, but I would take NO CHANCES get in and have a cat scan!  ... Swelling in the back of the neck and back in fibro, especially during a flare-up, is usually due to painful muscle spasms and bulging. Muscles that go into spasms will shorten in length, meaning they become thicker or bulge up. This appears as a swollen area to observe, and one can feel the lump or muscle swelling as well. It's not a true edema or fluid-type swelling. Heat or ice can help painful swelling/knots/nodules/spasms in the muscles. I prefer heat but some like cold better. Massage, stretching, and rubbing in a muscle cream are other types of self-directed treatments that may help and can be done by anyone anywhere. [A] doctor may consider prescribed treatments if the self-program does not settle down the pain. ...  Yes, there are a number of exercises you can do 1. Planks: Starting position: Lying on the floor assume the up position in a push up. Hands flat on the floor, abs tight, legs straight. Helpful tips: -be sure to look straight ahead (in this case your looking at the floor directly beneath you). This keeps your cervical spine in a neutral position. -If this bothers your wrists, perform them with your elbows bent and your forearms flat on the floor -as fatigue sets in, don't tighten your neck muscles by clenching your jaw this might irritate your neck -repetitions: 3 times 30 seconds 2. Side Planks Starting Position: Lying on your side with your legs straight and stacked one on top of the other, your hips flat on the floor, elbow bent. The elbow is directly underneath the shoulder and the forearm is flat on the floor. Exercise: Raise your hips and legs off the floor, at this point the only thing in contact with the floor is one foot (the other is stacked on top of the one supporting you), your elbow, and forearm. The free arm can either remain resting on your side or you can raise it ou to form a t-position. Hold for 30 seconds, then rollover and perform lying on the other side Helpful tips: -just like with planks keep your cervical spine in a neutral position by looking straight ahead. 3. Crunches and Sit-ups -Many times these exercises can still be done in folks with neck problems. However there are 3 key points to keep in mind. 1. Don't clasp your hands behind your head. Many times as people tire they begin pulling on there head to bring their body up---irritating the neck. 2. Fold your arms across your chest or keep them straight at your sides, this will stop you from pulling on your neck. 3. Really concentrate on leading with your upper back and torso versus your head. The abdominal muscles are responsible for flexing your torso not the neck. By concentrating on using your abs, you can keep your neck in a neutral position. 4. Knee Tucks on a stability ball Starting Position: Assume the position I described in the first plank exercise your shins are now resting on the top of the stability ball. Exercise: Tighten your abdominal muscles and slowly draw your knees towards your chest. Pause, then return back to the starting position with your legs straight Helpful Tips -Exhale as you pull your knees towards you -Keep your neck in a neutral position by looking down at the floor 5. Since your dealing with an injury its important to start slow, concentrate on your form and proceed cautiously before attempting new exercises. Also run these exercises by the physician treating you for this condition to avoid re-injury For some additional exercises and video directions for some great exercises click on the links below   (CIP), also known as , is one or more rare conditions where a person cannot feel (and has never felt) physical pain. Paitents with this dissorder can still feel touch they just can not feel pain. It is a neurological problem. You should get checked out by a neurologist to make sure everything is okay.  The treatment of neck pain depends on its precise cause. Treatment options include rest, heat or cold applications, traction, soft collar traction, physical therapy (ultrasound, massage, manipulation), local injections of cortisone or anesthetics, topical anesthetic creams, topical pain patches, muscle relaxants, analgesics, and surgical procedures. Home remedies for treatment, such as Jacuzzi treatment, neck pain relief exercises and stretches, and neck pain relief products such as neck pillows for sleep and hot pads can be very beneficial for relief of some forms of neck pain. There are many treatment options, depending on the particular neck problem and past treatment experiences. Alternative treatments that have been used for chronic neck pain include acupuncture.  Neck pain is commonly associated with dull aching. Sometimes pain in the neck is worsened with movement of the neck. Other symptoms associated with some forms of neck pain include numbness, tingling, tenderness, sharp shooting pain, fullness, difficulty swallowing, pulsations, swishing sounds in the head, dizziness or lightheadedness, and lymph node (gland) swelling. Neck pain can also be associated with headache, facial pain, shoulder pain, and arm numbness or tingling (upper extremity paresthesias). These associated symptoms are often a result of nerves becoming pinched in the neck. For example, compressing the nerve of sensation to the back of the head, which comes out of the neck, causes headaches in the back of the head. Depending on the condition, sometimes neck pain is accompanied by upper back and/or lower back pain, as is common in inflammation of the spine from ankylosing spondylitis.  Possibly hypothyroid. Look up conditions on here and see if they relate. That would be my best guess without knowing more. It can make you feel really bad if left untreated.  You should see your doctor. Sharp pain like that could be a sign of something serious but there is no way to know without seeing your doctor.  Hi, Ok for a start google depo shot side effects, a lot of what your saying is there, as for coming off it that would be your call. But you need to sit on your computer and find something that's a near match. have you thought of Nuvaring, that may help, there's IUD that's if you have had a baby, but cant remember if would help with your problem with the periods. Do hope some of this helps. Good Luck  Hi Your find bed sores are from people who are bedridden, ie in bed 24/7. Yours could be from as you say, but if you can sleep on your back do this alternately, this should ease your problem. Good Luck  Hi Heres some links that may help you understand things a bit more. http://www.cancerfightingstrategies.com/fungus-and-cancer.html#sthash.UvQpjJBD.dpbs http://www.topicalinfo.org/forum/topic.asp?TOPIC_ID=242 http://www.merckmanuals.com/home/skin_disorders/fungal_skin_infections/candidiasis.html http://www.earthclinic.com/CURES/melanoma.html Look not knowing just what your son has so put in this last one, all things naturl can help as well. Just copy each one into google to open and read. Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi found you this link, see if it helps you. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23703415 Just copy into google to the www. to open and read Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think this is getting into Chinese medicine area, try searching there. Good Luck  Hi, This is off my head, but do you feel shorter? it could be a crushed disc? I would get to an ER and tell them you storey, they should give you an x-ray on an MRI, either will show if you have had damage done. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you just have a stiff neck, you need it massaged with some pain relief a couple of times a day, give a it a couple of days doing that, and it should just ease away. Good Luck  Hi TLT, You have not said if your on any kind of BC, if not give it a try. Heres 3 links that may through some extra light on your problems. http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/menorrhagia/DS00394/DSECTION=causes http://www.marieclaire.com/health-fitness/advice/female-hormones-cycle http://blogs.webmd.com/womens-health/2010/11/let-it-bleed-causes-of-heavy-periods.html Do hope you find the help you need Good Luck  Hi, Sounds like summer flu, just treat it as you would flu in the winter, hot drinks, pain killers and drink lots of fluids, if you don't feel like eating then don't Just stay in bed and sweat it out. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, So you think your falling, me I fall off a kerb, gives you a jolt, for me, it means the wife gets my knee up the backside. There called sleep twitch's, or hypnic jerks, your find you not alone, I think we all get them at sometime. Do hope this helps you, Good Luck  Hi Its a warning, have you been strenuous through your life so far always working to the edge, then yes it will happen, like I said its a warning, time for you to start slowing down, if your still in the army, think about getting out, or find a good number in there. Know what I mean, try the motor pool, worked for Sgt Bilko. Good Luck  Hi I think its about time you gave up the bike for a while and get into a car, its not helping by the sound of it. Im sure your g/f or wife would prefer something red hot and throbbing between there legs like you would want it to be? Yes Sop for a start get in touch with a uro and get some tests done, and see what treatment he can offer, the bend is from a build up of plaque, I have seen an operation for this in the UK about 10 years ago on channel 4. But have a read of this link. http://www.webmd.com/erectile-dysfunction/guide/erectile-dysfunction-peyronies-disease Also try these links. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/04/health/treatment-for-peyronies-disease-shows-promise.html?_r=0 Been also trying to find a link between cayenne pepper and the plaque in your penis, its good for removing plaque from the blood, then hit a brick wall for an answer to pyronies. So see if anything above helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Ok try this, but I do take laying on your back is OK, lift your right leg up, your hubby swings his right leg over, and he can then enter you from here, you rest your right leg on him, from here he can have sex with you, he can play with your breasts and nipples, and why having sex he can massage your clitoris or you can, orgasm city here you come. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK you say he's very active, that's good for him, I think some how he's had a strain in his neck muscle, this a repeat of that. Get him in a gym next time he OK, let them show him how to slowly re-strengthen up his muscles up, with luck this should overcome the problem. Do hope this helps him. Good Luck  Hi Your find that's from putting pressure on you system, blood pressure would be the main culprit. But if your really worried go see either your doctor or optician and get some tests done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, So, A you should have been to a doctor 51/2 months ago. Now, B its sounds like you have big trouble, so now go to your doctor or an ER ASAP but I would not tell them how long you have had it. Good Luck  Hi When you had this head trauma, di you go to an ER? If not then is the time to get thereASAP One never knows what we have done. Good Luck  Hi Have a look on www.earthclinic.com I did and now on apple cider vinegar and L-carnitine fo9r it seems to be working for me. Good Luck  Hi Your tinnitus works with your heart and blood flow, so when you bend over the blood flow to you head goes up, hence it get intensified, and when you hyperextend your neck and head it goes the other way. If you think about it, its quite simple. Good Luck  Hi Your tinnitus works with your heart and blood flow, so when you bend over the blood flow to you head goes up, hence it get intensified, and when you hyperextend your neck and head it goes the other way. If you think about it, its quite simple. Good Luck  Hi If you follow this link there are some ideas for mole removal without surgery, you mat find this helps? Good Luck  So Sorry here's the link. Link http://www.wikihow.com/Remove-Moles-Without-Surgery  Hi can you take advice, if you can try these they may just help with time, one is cayenne pepper, very good for arthritis or RA, you just need a 1/4lb jar some tomato paste and CP, mix some with tomato paste and thin with olive oil, do this to a heat that suits you at first, you have to try it. OK you take 3 small spoonful's each morning first thing wash each one down with water, just give it time and it will work, so overtime you can build up the heat you take. Apple cider vinegar should help your other problem, I take this as well and the CP. But just put a small amount in a small glass, mix with orange juice and take, do this 3 times a day, see how this helps you, I have some fibresitus or something like that, its keeps it down for me. Just go to www.earthclinic.com, and www.cayennepepper.info lots of info on both. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If its that bad the ER first would be a good thing get it cleaned out first then see how its looking before you get involved with a plastic surgeon. Good Luck  Hi What your getting is a side effect of cervical spondylitis, its something your just going to have to live with, the only thing you can do during sex is to try and keep away form doing those things. I know its easy to say, but hard to do. You did not say which diabetes, 1 or 2, if its 2 are you controlling by diet and exercise, if you can it would be best for you sex life, diabetes drugs are sex killers. Have a read of this link, could be helpful. The Link, http://www.researchgate.net/publication/7376788_Improvement_of_sexual_function_in_male_patients_treated_surgically_for_cervical_spondylotic_myelopathy Just copy into google to read it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes you can get thrush from mould spores, as these are in your basement, there could be a permanent lift of spore from your basement. just through ventilation. So get your self well get some masks and get the mould sorted out, some antibacterial spray should help, spray and wash down, as you go round the basement. Get it cleared, then get better ventilation to stop the mould coming back. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Do you know if you grind your teeth during the night, all your symptoms look as though they point to that problem. How do I know, I do the very same thing, if your under stress or having any problems, that's how you do it, its down to troubled sleeping. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It takes 3 months for HIV to show through, these symptom's could just be from you worrying and stressing your self, after having unprotected sex. Try relaxing takes, some timeout, do anything than thinking you made a mistake. Good Luck  Hi I have a couple of thins you can try, one is not to drink any coffee again, see how that goes. The next is from another persons research, its this. Histamine Intolerance http://www.imupro.com.au/food-intolerance/symptoms/histamine-intolerance http://www.allergyuk.org/common-food-intolerances/histamine-intolerance And a couple of sites you can look at. You can also try earthclinic.com you may find some help on there. Do hope you get some relief. Good Luck  Hi We all have a pulse in the right side of our necks, you may have a swollen gland that's giving you some discomfort. I would get off and see your doctor, just to be on the safe side. Good Luck  Hi This sounds like baby has its foot or something else in a nerve, they will do this sometimes. I think you know when its labour pains, labour pains will grip you, like you will not believe. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of going on the BC pill, to control your periods, that would get that part out of the way. The hair growth sounds like you producing to much testosterone, hence the hair growth, why not get your doctor to do a hormone test again, (perhaps your doctor forgot to get back to you?) that would tell you how things are going with your testosterone, and your other hormones, but being on the pill may help to straighten them out. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes you can either go sit in the sun, naked if you can, no sun creams or oils, just O natural, the sun reacts with you blood gets turned into vitamin in your kidneys. Or you can go get some vitamin D tablets/capsules, either sould do it for you. Me I jus love being out in the sun, and yes O natural, I do believe it keeps you healthy. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just think cayenne pepper, its so good for our blood if taken right, I take it daily, I put my self on it for ED help. But here's a link that may help you understand what it will do for you. The Link http://www.zetatalk.com/health/theal02i.htm Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Go see a dermatologist as soon as possible.  go to a doctor to have it looked at, it may need to be removed.  There certainly might be. You really don't state the "neuropathy" you're experiencing. If it's pain, numbness, tingling, ... "neuropathy" is a general term as given to a condition of the nerves, so you really need to supply more information. Until one has that information, to assume anything would be wrong to state on this page. The neck to finger tips may be a red flag for a nerve degeneration, ... but to be honest, ... this sounds like perhaps a circulatory situation. Best to see your doctor and have a 'work-up' done. Best of luck to you.  You should be checked out to be sure you don't have a concussion. You may have strained your neck, more likely than any kind of spinal injury, but conking your head could have resulted in a bruise on the brain - that's what a concussion is, and you don't need to have lost consciousness to have one. I had a number of concussions that were not treated in the past, and regretted it. It's better to check it out than to be sorry. After all, your brain is the most important organ in your body! A promptcare location or your local ED should check out your head and neck. In the meantime, put some ice in a baggie and rest it gently against your head. Keep your head elevated. Don't take any meds that could fog your head and make a diagnosis difficult. Good Luck!  No  If you still have those symptons you need to go see your doctor. If they have gone, I would worry unless they come back. Good luck.  I have had the same symptoms. It could just be a pinched nerve or disc damage. To find out for sure you'll need to see an Orthopedist, Neurosurgeon, or Neurologist and get an MRI. I had surgery for mine and was pain free the next day.  c4ncer.  It could be a pinched nerve or, God forbid, an aneurysm. PLEASE see your doctor or go to the emergency room immediately. This is NOT something you want to take any chances with. You are the best advocate for your health, take advantage of that and take care of any problems that come up with your health - and take any preventative measures to make sure you stay healthy.  Wrinkled necks have to be treated much more delicately, much more carefully, because there is a little greater risk of problems, because the neck skin is thinner. It doesnt heal as well, it doesnt regenerate as well. The facial skin is fabulous, pretty much got that down, were kind of still at the frontiers at what to do with the neck and the upper chest from sun damage and aging. But, a combination of bleach creams, low intensity laser like treatments, like intense pulse light, which is popular and its good because its safe, but you have to have a series. You cant expect it to be one blast and have the job done as when we do the chemical on the face, when its a one time treatment. But typically over a period of a year, with 5 or 6 treatments, and they are quick, they are office visits, in and out, no down time, virtually no discomfort, add a little bleach cream into the mix, and that skin will look better. Not as perfect as the best result from a chemical skin peel on the face, but were working on the neck.  Perhaps. Redness and swelling are signs of infection or inflammation, so it would be wise to see your medical provider to determine the reason. Inflammation can be caused by the suture material, but your biggest concern would be a wound infection. Infected wounds can quickly get out of hand, so do not delay in getting this properly examined.  It is a problem if you do not know the CAUSE of your symptoms. Rather than try and figure out what you have or worry about having a heart attack, it would be best for you to be examined by a medical professional -- someone that can take a thorough medical history, examine you, order an diagnostic tests, and give you the true answer. Unfortunately, this is not something that can be done blindly over the Internet.  That is really up to you. I don't have enough information about the type of pain, severity, location, duration of the pain, your age, etc. to really make that decision for you. The only way you can get this problem properly evaluated to SEE your medical provider. I see no point in waiting at all.  As much as I would like to help you, you cannot be blindly diagnosed over the Internet by providing a list of vague symptoms. While I am sympathetic to your lack of insurance and financial constraints, the ONLY way that you can get to the bottom of this four year old mystery is to see a medical professional -- one who will perform a thorough medical examination and order some diagnostic lab tests. Sorry.  There can be many causes for itchy skin, but one common cause that can occur in those areas would be atopic dermatitis (eczema). Experts say that atopic dermatitis is not a "rash that itches" but rather an "itch that rashes", so itching is the primary symptom. Of course, when these areas itch, you will scratch. This can create an itch/scratch cycle that can only be broken by: 1) take an antihistamine like Claritin or Zyrtec to control the itching. 2) reduce the inflammation by using hydrocortisone cream, and finally, (3) do your best not to scratch, especially to the point where you may break the skin. This will set the stage for a secondary infection, and make things worse.  Yes, it is safe.  Unfortunately, no. Triamcinolone will not help Bell's Palsy. Prescription oral steroids, if taken early can help, but the topical steroid creams will not have any effect on this condition.  Yes, in my opinion. Taking them out sooner (7-10 days depending on the size and location of the sutures) would reduce the chances of getting a "rail road track" scar, but if you are not the type of person that scars easily, it may not be a big problem. As long as those sutures do not get buried in the skin during those extra days, you should be fine. Thirteen days may not be ideal, but it may be the best you can do. I am guessing, but are you traveling and may not be home to get them out eariler?  No...There are no bursas in this area, but you can get neck pain for a variety of other reasons and causes. It would be wise to see your medical provider so that you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  Depends on how hairy you are....if you were Sasquatch, you could certainly have head lice on non-head areas. Mostly, head lice live on the head (occasionally the eyebrows), and body lice live on the other parts (including the clothing). The pubic area can have pubic lice (aka, crabs)  I have no way of confirming or disputing this chiropractor's diagnosis, but I do have issues with the treatment plan. Degeneration by definition is "wear and tear, often due to aging". I don't believe it is possible to reverse aging by chiropractic adjustments, but then again, I am not a chiropractor who believes in those things. Before mortgaging your house, see an orthopedist for a medical opinion and have some imaging studies read by a radiologist. I think you will find a different perspective on your neck and low back issues  Yes...that would be one of the more logical possibilities to account for large, reactive cervical lymph nodes. I am glad you are seeing an ENT....  Zithromax will have no effect on influenza. It is an antibiotic and this would only work for a BACTERIAL infection; influenza is a virus. The prednisone may have been for wheezing (?). Neither medication will cause swollen lymph nodes, but your underlying medical issues, whether it was influenza or not, certainly can. You would need to see your medical provider again to properly evaluate the significance of those nodes.  I can't examine you, of course, but these knots are most likely reactive lymph nodes . You would need to see your medical provider to determine WHY this is happening.  An Orthopedist would be the best place to start.....  It can....some of the muscles of the neck attach directly to the skull. This can cause a muscle tension type headache.  It is very difficult for me to comment on your case, since I do not know any of the details, including the reason for the antibitoics in the first place. Not all "swollen glands" are bacterial, so if you a a viral infection, they would not help (no matter what antibiotic you chose) If you are getting worse, it is up to your doctor to run some additional diagnostic test. I think this would be better than just throwing another (a 4th) antibiotic at it without really knowing if the underlying reason justifies it.  Probably nothing at all. You may have this extra hair genetically , but there is no reason for you to keep them. You can wax 'em off...pluck them out...or see a specialist and have this extra hair permanently removed. Most of these things are unwanted genetic gifts from your parents or grandparents, but if you feel you are having a hormonal problem that is resulting in excess hair growth, you would need to see your medical provider.  Migraines are vascular headaches, and not all headaches are "migraines". Migraine does not mean a severe headache, it is just one type of over a hundred different kinds of headaches. The type of headache you may be describing is one of the more common types....a muscle-tension headache, but the pain under the breast is not a typical symptom. Muscle-tension headache can certainly come from the neck. Since you cannot be blindly diagnosed over the Internet, I would suggest that you see your medical provider for a proper examination.  Those problematic moles can be surgically removed easily by your medical provider (if they do this type of procedure) or a dermatologist. There are many methods to do this, but most are either a shave biopsy or an excisional biopsy. Larger ones may require a tiny stitch or two; smaller ones may just be cauterized. This is definitely not something you can do a home. The moles will then be sent to pathology to be tested to make sure they are benign. There are no non-surgical ways of removing them.  Sometimes. This is called "referred ear pain". Because of the muscle connection from your neck to the area behind your ear (the mastoid area), pain in this sternocleidomastoid muscle can cause pain to be referred to the ear. Pain can also be referred to the ear from problems in the mouth, TMJ, lymph nodes, salivary glands, and throat, so if you are having problems in any of those areas, please see your medical provider so you can be properly examined. Don't forget that ear pain can also be a problem IN the ear, too!  I can address your BPPV concerns, but unfortunately, it is not possible to predict how long you might have symptoms (assuming you were correctly diagnosed). BPPV has an annoying habit of coming back. BPPV is an inner ear problem. It does not cause palpitations or "head rush", and is not related to neck disorders, so these symptoms are not likely associated. Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV) is the most common cause of vertigo. The patient usually has episodes of recurring vertigo lasting several minutes or as brief as 15 seconds. Specific movements of the head often provoke the attack, usually following a brief delay of several seconds. People quickly realize the specific head motion or motions, which tends to trigger an attack. There are effective treatments, but you may need to see an ENT. <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p sizset="false" sizcache0545374454700537="300.71828182845905 46 23"> </o:p>  You are most likely getting (hives). Hives can be caused by the temperature change that you mentioned. You can try taking a long-acting antihistamine before these warm season exposures (loritidine Zyrtec, Allegra), to see if it helps. Urticaria caused by temperature changes may not be prevented by antihistamines however, but it is worth a try. Keeping your skin surface cooler would also seem to be a reasonable preventative; wearing clothing that "breathes".  I can't comment on the accuracy of his diagnosis since I can't examine your child, but a three-year old who has been vaccinated with the chicken pox vaccine can certainly get painful shingles. It doesn't happen very often, but I do see this several times a year in my busy clinical practice.  Maybe, but it depends on which fingers are involved. The nerves to the hand, arm, and fingers does originate in the neck.  Then, get an opinion from a MEDICAL DOCTOR, such as an orthopedist. All you have now is your chiropractor's opinion -- someone who is getting some financial benefits from keeping you under care for a long period of time. If you have osteoarthritis, chiropractic is NOT going to cure you. So, see an orthopedist. Have an MRI of your neck,  One form of vertigo could be caused by neck/head movements, and that would be BPV (benign positional vertigo), but there can be hundreds of causes.  No, it does not. There are no rules in medicine that state a person can only have one medical issue at a time, so you can have both, but they are not related.  As you know, I have no way of examining these mysterious red blisters over the Internet, so I am at a disadvantage. Hand, Foot, and Mouth disease will give whitish papules (look like tiny blisters but are more firm) on the PALMS of the hands, SOLES of the feet, and canker-sore like lesions inside the mouth . What you are describing would not be consistent with Hand, Foot, and Mouth disease.  Maybe your doctor should refer you to a back specialist (orthopedist) for a higher-level evaluation. Musculoskeletal issues in the neck can be very complex, so you will need a careful medical history, thorough examination of your neck/shoulders, and most likely, some imaging studies. Don't ever worry about asking your doctor "too many questions". They are not working for free...they get well-paid to address your concerns.  Whiplash involves the neck, not the lower back. You will need to see your medical provider again so that the back can be properly evaluated.  Unless your friends are psychiatrists, I would not trust their diagnosis of you being crazy. I cannot give an medical explanation as to why your elbow cyst causes you to have neck spasm, but I can tell you that nerves from the neck do go to your elbow area. See your medical provider so you can have this so-called "weird cyst" properly diagnosed.  A bulging eardrum can cause vertigo due to the pressure. This usually means a middle ear infection, but cephalexin would not be my drug of choice to treat this in an adult, although I don't know your dosage or medication history. The medicine probably is not your culprit, but rather your ear disorder. Vertigo is also common in INNER EAR infections, and these are often viral. Viral infections do not respond to any antibiotic therapy. Since I have no way of knowing your diagnosis or severity of symptoms, you will need to consult your medical provider if you are not getting better.  I have to see your MRI to really make that call. Personally, I have to TWO rotator cuff repairs (both failed), and may be facing a third surgery in the future. Each person's injury is really unique, so it would really be impossible to blindly know if you need surgery or not unless I was intimately involved in your case. I don't even know your age or how this incident occurred. I can tell you that orthopedists are surgeons and surgeons do like to perform surgery. Your cortisone injection was most likely for inflammation and pain, so I hope that helps, but it will not fix a complete tear.  The legs are only ONE problem when there are suspected peripheral artery disease. A more critical artery would be the carotids....the two main blood supplies to the brain. The neck Doppler is to make sure the carotids are patent.  Contact dermatitis is a itchy rash caused by CONTACT with some allergen.....soap, detergent, perfume, plant, etc. Eczema (atopic dermatitis) is genetically-dry skin. They can both be treated with topical steroids, like you are using, but it can take a while to get it under control. Contact dermatitis will continue to bother a person as long as the unidentified allergen is around. Eczema can last a lifetime....  No. This type of laser will not cause any problems with your vocal cords.  Get a paper tablet and write one thousand times: "I will not mess with a pimple in my ear every again." Then, call your medical provider, explain the situation. You will either be prescribed an oral antibiotic over the phone for the infection you most likely caused, or you will need to be examined first-hand...and, then prescribed an antibiotic.  Maybe, this could be a delayed drug reaction, perhaps from the antibiotic course, or this could be hives to something entirely different. You will need to discuss this with your medical provider -- someone who knows you, the details of your care, and someone that can examine you first-hand.  There is probably little or nothing that can be done medically to make you grow facial hair. If those hair follicles were not present when you were born, you can't grow new ones. It is too late to change your parents and genetics, so the amount of facial hair that you have now is about all you will get. I don't think that medicines used for patchy baldness in men will work the same way on your face, but that would be up to your doctor or a dermatologist to determine. Testosterone, a male hormone, can cause some facial hair growth in men how are low, but again, if you do not have those follicles, it may not help. Your first step is to see a dermatologist.  There are more things that can cause neck/back pain than scoliosis, so I would suggest that you see a medical provider (orthopedist) for a consultation and higher-level examination. Neck pain is usually NOT solely related to scoliosis. Having a comfortable bed is always good, no matter what the reason for you back pain, but you would have to try various mattresses and pillows to find the best combination for you. What works for one person, will not likely work for another.  My son is biracial and his dr said that its just his tyroid gland that its ok that they are swollen,just as long as there is no pain.He said that alot of boys get it.  Hi to both of you and I too am concerned about my wife Debra who is Type 2, seven rods in her back, Dvt in her legs, going thorough menopause, has alllergies and she has all things that you have been experiencing. You have to look at everything. I tell my wife Debra to invesigate everything and find out what works for her, and her Doctor said too that everything was fine. I told her to research her Metformin and she decreased it by 1000mg a day. Guess what she has never felt better, all because she has been losing weight.. Everybody needs to adjust things in this life. We also need to look at other things and it may be or not the problem like weather, flu, colds, nurtition. Try theses Immune Boasting Foods- Elderberry, Button Mushrooms, Acai berry,Oysters,Watermelon,Cabbage,Almonds,Grapefruit,Wheat germ,Low Fat Yogurt,Garlic,Spinach,Green&Black Tea, Sweet Potato and Broccoli and my favorite beets. My Wife just said it could be stress and or associated the nerves so the B-Vitimins would be area to start. I have to go, Bye Steve & Debra  You probably need to take your ass to the doctor before you get Alzeimers in your sleep and throw up everywere and dont know what the hell your doing.  It sounds to me like it is muscular skeletal. But there are a number of conditions that could cause those type pains. One could be related to a spinal condition, but it could also be arthritic changes or Fibromyalgia. You probably should see someone who will evaluate you for these issues. Probably a Dr. Who specializes in rheumatism or orthopedic conditions. Tell your physician about it and he can send you to the right specialist.  You may be eating certain things that could cause this. Spicy or hot foods are more likely all the time going to give you heart burn , and BBQ such as meats and sauces. Although this may be something more serious - Possibly may be Heart Disease or a sign of a Heart Attack. Please consult your Physcian for a correct diagnosis as I am not the most smartest person in the world.  Tinnitus can be a jaw joint or TMJ-related issue. A dentist will do a complete examination, which includes evaluating: Changes in the degree to which you can open your mouth Deviations in opening and closing Clicks, pops, or pain A load test X-rays CT scans MRIs. It also could be an ENT or neurological issue. So you may want to see your physician for an exam, as well.  I have tried heat and medications for the fibro flare ups but I don't know  One option to consider is a chemical peel. Dermatologists that are familiar with chemical peels use a combination of salicylic acid, AHA, and TCA to remove the top layer of the skin and encourage new skin growth. Chemical peels can be very effective and are less costly than most laser treatments.  Neck lines and sagging neck are common complaints. Most patients ignore their necks until they notice how aged their necks look. The neck skin is fragile and requires more moisture than the face. Just like you moisturize your face you should be moisturizing you neck. Youll be glad that you did.  Plaque psoriasis needs to be addressed primarily by your physician. Plaque psoriasis can be treated with topical and systemic medications. There are also other treatments for plaque psoriasis without the possible side effects of systemic medications.  Hi I have this too and my doctor said it was due to a thinning disk in your neck vertebre and it was pinching a nerve. She said nothing can be done cause it was from me having RA and just old age. Im 54. I hope you get help with this, I know its painful and I cant even sleep. Sometimes the pain meds dont work. Tamara  Hi I have Rheumatoid Arthritus. I feel that way all the time and also feel an achyness all the time. But I think you should go see a Rheumatologist and he can tell weather you have Osteoarthritus or RA. Or even if your doctor does xrays and blood tests, they can tell. I hope you get better soon. Tamara  yes  This sounds like a pinched nerve or possibly nerve damage. CAT/MRI will be required for diagnosis.  well, i thought this was a place where people could get some answers, but apparently not...  I have had the same problem. The sleep number bed with the memory foam overlay is best. Although the pillow you use may be more important. You need a good one, that cradles your head, and is slightly raised at the neck area. Sleep number can help with that too.  no  possible infection of a tooth on that side? or just simply your body actively fighting possible infection somewhere on that side? how do you feel? see any open soars? tooth aches? throat? nose? ear?  you should have finished them as your doctor advised you to. Gargle with warm salt water and even gargle with hydrogen peroxide, if the soars in your mouth do not show improvement I strongly suggest you seek medical attention to avoid further infection you most def. already have and are battling right now.  I dont see any appropriate answer to this question besides keeping a close eye on the person mean while taking them to the ER. They can be VERY serious, and should be taken that way to avoid complications that could have been avoided. keep them awake....  Here is a that should answer your question. The longest it has taken during this outbreak so far is 42 days. Regardless of what is causing the symptoms you list, it's worth calling your doctor and getting in to see him or her soon. We hope you get to the bottom of this soon. The WebMD Answers Staff  Hi and welcome! The only way to know for sure what these bumps are is to have your doctor or primary care provider take a look at them. In the meantime, here is some information on that may give you some ideas. The WebMD Answers Staff  I found this information on here on our site. (It's in the Bulimia section, so please try to overlook that.) If you're seeing blood in your stool or experiencing any of these other symptoms, please reach out to your doctor and let him or her know what's going on and find out if there are other alternatives or answers. We wish you the best! The WebMD Answers Staff  Vitiligo on the neck is a loss of skin color in patches. The loss of skin color tends to progress, and may even cover the entire skin.  Throat cancers may show symptoms of a lump and/ or sore throat that doesn't go away, a hard time swallowing, and change in voice. Click here to view a site for more details..  possibly scabies. The itching is intense at night, often not noticed during day.  If it is not constant i would get your blood sugar levels taken. Sometimes low or even high blood sugar can cause headaches and to become lightheaded. Low blood sugar symptoms include : shaking, fast heartbeat, sweating, anxiousness, dizziness, hunger, weakness or fatigue, headache, and irritability. High blood sugar includes: being thirsty, frequent urination , hunger, blurred vision, tiredness, and nausea. If you believe it is low blood sugar try to drink some orange juice or eat a candy bar and if it doesnt go away then contact your doctor. although i do not believe that it could be a brain tumor.  You could be getting strep throat. But normally if you are middle aged or older you will have problems with your iron levels. Especially with you being a woman. I believe that they are not connected symptoms but i did search the symptoms together and the most common diagnosis is leukemia. I believe that if you did have leukemia it wouldve been caught a long time ago not just recently. So i would just go to the doctor and ask for a physical. I hope this helps  Please take your child to the ER and get the Dr. there to refer you to an oncologist. This could be an indicator of cancer or it might be nothing more than a swollen lymph gland, but you don't want to take chances with your child, I know. Good luck.  SYMPTONS OF A STROKE: dizziness constantly tired unexplained drop in bp vomiting head ache sensativity to light my mother in law had a blood clot in the brain steam. she described it as having a explosive mirgrain when she was awake. but all she did was sleep for hours and hours at time. she would wake up long enough to do the nesscities and back to bed she would go. do this for about 2 -3 days before but some ppl can do that for up to a month before they actally have one. ekg and blood work wont show any of these it's neurological. but wont show up on a ct because it shows the brain not the brain steam. which was where everything else came in. every sympton you mentionted plus nose bleeds and busted eye vessals but not every body does that, fact a lot of ppl do not.  My personal advise, see a chiropractor. They are marvelous. You can find some that will work with you per your insurance/not being able to use it. I used to have major migraines all the time. ( to the point of violently vomiting) from all the pain. They work wonders. I get adjusted once every week or more if I need it. I havent had a migraine or even a headace in years. They dont always work for everyone but its helped me so maybe it could help you too. 		   <!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <w:WordDocument> <w:Zoom>0</w:Zoom> <w:DisplayHorizontalDrawingGridEvery>0</w:DisplayHorizontalDrawingGridEvery> <w:DisplayVerticalDrawingGridEvery>0</w:DisplayVerticalDrawingGridEvery> <w:UseMarginsForDrawingGridOrigin></w:UseMarginsForDrawingGridOrigin> </w:WordDocument> </xml><![endif]--> <!--StartFragment--> I have a very similar problem. It seems to be a side effect of taking insulin. It starts with a tightness and pain in the back of my neck and then progresses into a headache. It becomes nearly unbearable. I have stopped taking the Novolog and within 24 hours or so, it goes away. I also get extreme weakness, shakiness and extreme pain in my spine. This is not a listed side effect. My doctors have not heard of this side effect nor do they know what could be causing it. The only thing I have found is that people with MS and Type 1 (I have not been diagnosed with MS and I have Type 2) sometimes get neck pain but it did not explain why. Im not sure my doctors actually believe this is happening. I also had the same experience when taking Humolog, Lantus and Levemir. By the way, the Lantus and Levemir increased my blood sugar levels. I have sensitivity to many medications and often get the opposite effects from what is expected. I cannot function from these side effects and I am concerned about not taking the medication. I also experience nausea. Has your mother experienced anything like this? <!--EndFragment-->  my neck cracks alot but not that prompts a head ache  From an article on WebMD that I found: If the spinal cord or nerves become squeezed, 		 symptoms may include: Numbness, weakness, cramping, or pain in the 			 legs, feet, or buttocks. These symptoms get worse when you walk, stand 			 straight, or lean backward. The pain gets better when you sit down or lean 			 forward. Stiffness in the legs and thighs. Low back 			 pain. In severe cases, loss of bladder and bowel control. Symptoms may be severe at times and less severe at other 		 times. Most people will not be severely disabled. In fact, many people do not 		 have symptoms at all. From this it doesn't look like vertigo is typical, but I would speak to my doctor. Here is the article if you want to read more: http://www.webmd.com/back-pain/tc/lumbar-spinal-stenosis-topic-overview  http://www.webmd.com/parenting/baby/tc/postpartum-first-6-weeks-after-childbirth-recovery-at-home (especially in the arms, neck, 				or jaw) are common after childbirth. This is because of the hard work of labor. The soreness should go away in a few days." I found this really cool article about what to expect after a cesarean too - http://www.webmd.com/baby/tc/cesarean-section-what-to-expect-after-c-section  Here are the most common Fibromyalgia symptoms:  sounds like a pinched nerve. My daughter had that and it was from too much texting/computer.  Is it in line with the ears, right above where the soft part starts down the neck? Marble size? Bone hard? If so its completely normal! I have one and many other people do too. I've read you can trace your lineage to a certain region of the world if you have that bump. And the old wives tale of "bigger the bump smarter the person." lol  As one of member previously said, light to throat and find any white or block dots. if it is severe, consult the doctor.  Most probably an impingement either on a tendon or other. When blood flow is blocked..dizziness quite common.  i would suggest tylenol and mucinex, drink lots of water to thin out the mucus, the tylenol will help with the other symptoms  this could be a tension headache  I have experienced the same thing - it is very scary. The doctor's attribute it to extreme acid reflux. I am taking medication for the acid reflux and it helps; however, every now and then I eat more of a food I should eat in moderation - I overpower the medicine and once again have radiating pains in my chest, throat, and jaw. Hope this helps - ask your doctor. Good luck!!  Neck pain is a symptom. The causes can be muscular, neurological, or skeletal.  Have you seen a rheumatoid dr. for testing? It sounds like fibromyalgia, which I have. Mornings are the worst for me.  if you are female, this could also be symptoms of heart problems such as coronary artery disease. If you ARE STILL having these issues but only on an irregular basis, I would definitely consult with a cardiologist. I experienced the very same symptoms and only through my persistence and a caring doctor, did he find that I had one artery that was 70% blocked. While performing the angiogram, the doctors also discovered I had an artery behind my heart with a 99% blockage and of course, they fixed that first. I had no idea something as simple as a painful neck, such as the typical stress related pain, could possibly be heart related in any way. It then started to cause pain in my elbow and I thought I had twisted it doing something. I received about 3 injections in it before the I started to experience other aches and pains normally attributed to aging issues but at 60 years old, thought I was just showing more signs of the aging process. I was fortunate enough to find a doctor that knew something had to be happening so I went through many tests that would always come back as normal although the symptoms remained. The worst part was that I would never have consulted a heart specialist for any of my symptoms had another doctor ask me if I would mind seeing one of his colleagues. A heart doctor for neck and elbow pain? I thought it couldn't do any harm and when all tests came back as normal, I thought I was wasting my time until they suggested an angiogram...and I have to admit, I was just as shocked as they were when they discovered the "hidden blockage" behind my heart that did NOT show on any of the tests they performed on me. If you are female, see a cardiologist and don't wait...  Check with your ENT... could be something to do with the sinus'.  My dr had told me it is normal to feel like that and symptoms of strep is swollen neck and lymph nodes. I know i felt like i got hit by a truck for two days  You Should See a doctor Just Because Its The Neck and the Spinal Cord area See a Doctor To Make Sure your Fall did'nt damage any nerves  it could be menopause  some medications cause numbness  some meds cause numbness  You may have strained your ocular muscles. I fell down the stairs in November and strained all my muscles. Didn't know why my eyes hurt until February. Don't wait get checked out.  I lay on the edge of the bed on my back. Hubby stands next to bed and pulls me towards him. if your husband is tall you can use pillows to adjust height. My husband has a bad back and this is a good position for him also....for oral sex I sit on the floor or pillow with my back against the bed.. This supports my neck.  get second opinion from nerophysician!  I do that all the time...even in bed. GO SEE A CHIROPRACTOR! I wouldn't want to live without one since I started seeing one. Usually, a quick adjustment to the neck is all it takes. Also, ice packs to the area help with the pain.  It sounds similar to some sensations I get from Fibromylagia.If the sensation is like a burn and it makes it hard to move your muscles sometimes I would do some research on other fibromylagia symptoms and see if it matches up. Good luck!  This also happens to my girlfriend, the doctor told her she needed more iron in her blood, this worked, but whenever she stopped taking iron pills she got dizzy and had headaches again. so probably a good diet with lots of iron.  Sore swollen neck near my wind pipe on my left side  i do not have a herniated disc  no   My right side shoulder has pain that makes it hard to turn my neck  I think it's kinda permenant .. but try exfoliation and use an emolient .. it's one of those changes that happen after pregnancy  this could be psycogenic with her going through menopause .. but doctors should also have some lung investigation.. some lung disorders cause pain that's radiated to the abdomen  I have had tendonitis and bursitis in my shoulders for several years now, causing pain in my shoulders, neck, and upper back. I get severe headaches, lightheadedness, and dizziness that, according to my doctor and chiropractor, are directly related to the pain I have in my shoulders. From my understanding, it is pinched nerves that actually cause me to get lightheaded and dizzy. It is important to note that I also have neck pain stemming from a side to side whiplash injury from an auto accident 12 years ago. I believe it's one of those questions, which came first, the chicken or the egg. So, I'm curious if you also have neck pain. IF you have neck pain, from an accident or injury, I would definitely recommend getting seen for that, as well. I would also recommend seeing either a neurologist or an orthopedic surgeon (or both) to see if there are any remedies for the cause of your pain. I just had an arthrogram done (a specialized MRI) on my shoulder, and have finally discovered that I have several large bone spurs on my shoulder, rotator cuff, and collar bone that surgery can fix. I am NOT a person who jumps into surgery, but after years of suffering, I (and my doctors) feel that it is the last option available to finally get some relief. I wish you good luck in finding the cause (and hopefully a remedy) for your pain and lightheadedness. I am a FIRM believer that pain is our body telling us that something is wrong; and we should NEVER ignore it.  This sounds like either pinched nerve in your neck or maybe even fibromyalgia. You need to get this checked out.  It can be caused by many things. I had "vertigo" from a medication I was on once. The ER doctor asked me if the room felt like it was spinning or did I feel like I was spinning. He explained that usually if the cause is from the neck up (inner ear, ear infection, etc.), you will feel like the room is spinning and if the cause is from the below the neck (such as cardiac issues), you feel like you're spinning. Some of your symptoms are also those of diabetes. If the room is spinning, you can take Meclizine OTC (check with a pharmacist if you are taking other medications). If the problem is inner ear or an ear infection, this should help your symptoms. If it doesn't help or your symptoms get worse, you should probably see a doctor to rule out more serious conditions.  sounds like swollen lympnoids. sign of infection  hUsBaNd wIfE dIvOrCe +91-9829717996 LoVe pRoBLeM sOlUtIoN bABA ji ...  hUsBaNd wIfE dIvOrCe +91-9829717996 LoVe pRoBLeM sOlUtIoN bABA ji ...  infection  yes  I have also been wondering if it might have something to do with the detox diet pills I have been taking for the past 2 months. They dehydrate the crap out of me if I don't drink at least 8-14 big glasses of water a day, which in turn causes painful headaches. Thought maybe this could be a symptom of the dehydration as well. I can consult with one of the physicians that I work with, I just don't want to waste their time if this is just a symptom of being stressed. anyone have any ideas? thoughts, opinions??  it depends does your doctor say you have osteoporosis. yeah yeah i know it sounds like an old people's thing but just ask your doctor  do you have any redness in the throat or white patches in mouth, this could be a symptom of strep throat. my friends daughter has strep, she had swollen/tender glands but also had redness/white patches in throat. try Take care health at walgreens, or minute clinic at CVS, their prices seem to be reasonable. Most services at walgreens are only $59-$99. I recently used walgreens for what ended up being a skin infection in the outside of my right earwhich only cost me $20 for visit and $5 for prescription, since I had insurance. without would have only been $89 for visit.  My son went through this same thing when he was younger, the doctor ran all sorts of tests and did the IV antibiotics and no change. If your daughter is sleeping a lot along with the other symptoms, have her doctor check for mono disease. This is what my son was diagnosed with and it took a month and a half after diagnoses for it to go away. Also try the mixture of ibuprofen and Tylenol together for the fever. I hope she feels better soon. Good luck.  Alcohol can cause high blood pressure and high blood pressure does make you look and feel flushed. Do you have any kind of a rash? Like pimples? or blisters? If that's the case, It might be shingles.  You can go for following exercises that are given below: - Press Ups: - press-up exercises are helpful for leg and back pain. Lie on stomach with your arms bent and palms on the floor. Extension Exercises: - Lie on your stomach with the arms and legs stretched out. Raise one arm and the opposite leg, holding them in this position for 3 seconds. Lower them to the ground, repeating the same movement with the other limbs. Curl-Up Exercises: - The curl-up exercises strengthen the abdominal muscles, which will provide support for the back, relieving the pain. Leg Raise: - The leg raise exercises are beneficial to strengthen the lower abdominal muscles, which can support the back and diminish the pain. Leg Lifts in the Water: - Water exercises are also recommended if you suffer from sciatica pain. The exercises (i.e. leg lifts) can focus on working the stomach muscles and provide a good stretch for the legs. Hope you will get positive results.  Sometimes when they do a lumbar puncture, it can cause some of the spinal fluid to leak a bit...I know it happened to me and it caused me to have a headache for about a week afterwards. I just treated it as best I could and eventually the symptoms went away. However if you're still suffering after a week, I would go to your regular doctor..not the ER. Tell him what you had done and let him know what symptoms you're still experiencing. That way he can see what the results are from your previous tests and maybe order more accordingly. Good luck!   	 	 	 	 	 		<!-- 		BODY,DIV,TABLE,THEAD,TBODY,TFOOT,TR,TH,TD,P { font-family:"Arial"; font-size:x-small } 		 -->Looking for Chiropractic Specialist 	 	 	 	 	 		<!-- 		BODY,DIV,TABLE,THEAD,TBODY,TFOOT,TR,TH,TD,P { font-family:"Arial"; font-size:x-small } 		 --> . Please contact Dr. Kevin Ho they help you and for all your pain. Click the above link and book your appointment online now.  go back to the Dr. Bronchitis can become pneumonia.  What is the source of your neck pain? If it is your muscle around your neck, you can massage/stretches to it and apply heat. If it is your bone, you should see a chiropractor  can you describe the neck pain? otherwise you must have strained your neck somehow. if you didn't injured them as you didn't get hit on the neck, then how is your posture?  go see a doctor. you are probably going to have to have a x ray done.  i have the same difficulty and have found that mine is from degenerative disc disease. However ive yet to find a way to stop them and i have had mutiple cervical neck injections, massage, pt and on and on. Mine probably stems from a whiplash in the 70s. massage and pt do help a little  You have to make sure that you are properly washing your ears everyday with mild soap and water. You may also apply some topical medications that you can purchase over the counter.  I strongly advise you to see a dermatologist as soon as possible. Taking care of our skin is undeniably our great responsibility so you have to do all the necessary actions to keep your skin blemish free. You may speak to Eric Schweiger, M. D or check out http://www.clearclinic.com/ for the best in skin care.  You may advise your boyfriend to see a board certified dermatologist about that particular concern or he may check out www.clearclinic.com.  Hi, It sounds like your accident was quite traumatic, and your symptoms may be due to stored emotional and or physiological sensations from the accident. Look at Traumasoma.com. Dr. Scaer is an expert on Trauma and his information may give you some insight and direction for treatment. Peter Levine is also a top expert in this area. Plenty of videos on YouTube also. Good luck!  this is a case cevical spondylitis which mean iflamation of the cervical spine  no  Talk to your doctor about the symptoms you are experiencing, If they can't find a common medication, they could make a combination medication to target all of your problems. It could get expensive though, just be mindful Insurance companies do not like to pay for compound medications. And not a lot of pharmacies do these kind of medications, but none the less it is possible. Not everyone is the same, nor does everyone respond to the same things. So discuss your options vigorously with your doctor.  My experience was an allergic reation to an antbiotic. I was eventually diagnosed with exfoliative erythroderma. It took a about two months and a ten day hosptal stay to get that diagnosis. The longer no action was taken, the worse the condition got. My reconmendation is to persue this untill you have a finite action plan. My diagnosis came from a dermotologist that was recomended and arranged by my allergy and asthma doctor. Treatment was long (over a year), and I experienced many complications.  i have chronic mononucleosis and have all these symptoms but i usually have a fever for about a week before i have another attack.  I think you will be okay. It's not like you actually had their blood on your hands and I've never heard of blood dried on paper harming anyone. Take a deep breath, you are going to be okay.  I suffered from vitiligo for three years. It first grows out on my neck and then spreads to my face, which makes me look awful. I dont like the way that strangers look at me. I tried many treatments such as laser surgery to remove it, but it really just can cure the symptoms on the surface, months later, I found it still grows out on my neck. This really bothers me, and makes me lack of confidence. However, things turn better when one of my mothers relatives in China told me to try some Chinese herbs. He invited us to go to China to receive the treatment. First, i just want to have a trip, which i thought will makes me feel happier. On the other side, I dont believe those Chinese Traditional stuff, sounds like witchcrafts to me,. However, magics really happened on me! After the treatment, I do get better now. They use some secret prescriptions from the ancient time, and pure Chinese herbs that dont have side effects. Anyways, I m so glad to share this story with people that have same problems like me. Hope you can have a try too. Here is some information about this hospital:website:http://www.vitiligotcm.com/ email:curevitiligo@aliyun.com  Could be Migraine, however check with your doctor, just to be sure and safe. Thanks  I had the same symtoms. Mine started behind my right ear, then in my neck and shortly later in my shoulder and down my arm. But after a year, pain started on my left shoulder and arm. My hands and fingers started going numb and tingling. My first MRI showed a little disc bulge. Couple of years later the MRI showed stenosis. I had surgery. Helped, but a year and half later I got internal scar tissue and I have stenosis from that, which is displacing the spinal cord. So now I'm worst than I was, So good luck! Also, an MRI always doesn't show the problem until it becomes bad. I think there are other tests that can help. Or maybe you need another pathogist to read Your MRI. AND see a Orthopaedic specialist and get on a payment plan.  It could be a number of things. Since it includes difficulty to swallowing I wouldn't keep putting it off. Get it checked out. I don't think E.N.T's will bill you. they will more than likely want to pay up front and that can get expensive. At least the ER will bill you. If it bothers you to swallow that tube is right by the tube you use to breathe.    Tension headaches/migraines and if they are bad enough they could cause nausea and vomiting, and sensitivity to light. Migraines can be one sided. Massage therapist, or chiropractic visits are helpful. Putting ice packs to the back of the neck is also helpful. I find sitting up in my recliner in a dark room is more helpful than lying down.  you may want to look into Vertigo. my mother was just diagnosed with this and had a lot of the same symptoms. She'll go for days without an episode then all of a sudden she's dizzy, off balance and she ended up hurting herself fairly badly when she fell and hit her head. I'd suggest going to the doctor asap if you're able.  Possibly Irlen Syndrome, also known as Scotopic Sensitivity Syndrome. Self test at irlen.com; you can also look up screeners in your area to find out.  The main answer that I can think of, is it's your nerves. It can be just stress related. Have you been under more stress the past two or more months? You could be suffering from anxiety and/or depression, and not even realize it. No, that does not mean that you are psychotic, or look and behave just like the people in those antidepressant commercials either. If you look those conditions up, you may find many symptoms that match not just your pain but, possibly other symptoms you may be experiencing, too. There is also the possibility, that it could be nerve pain. I suggest that you take some time to think about not just the pain you are feeling, but also, what other problems are you experiencing? You should talk to your doctor about the pain, and anything else that is bothering you, and/or maybe causing you to behave unusual to others around you. You may also be having problems with circulation. You should just go see your doctor, an if you're the type to forget what you thought about wanting to ask then, think about what you want to ask and discuss, the day you set the appointment, write it down, or even write down everything you want to say and bring it with you. Well, I hope you do find out what is causing you that discomfort, and get some relief. If you want to, you can let me know what you found out.  it could be costochondritis which is difficult to diagnose- it isn't life threatening, just annoying.  ear nose and throat. Vertigo is usually caused by to much fluid in the inner ear.  The main symptom of pleurisy is pain in the chest. This pain often occurs when you take a deep breath in or out, or cough. Some people feel the pain in the shoulder.Deep breathing, coughing, and chest movement makes the pain worse.Pleurisy can cause fluid to collect inside the chest cavity. This can make breathing difficult and may cause the following symptoms: Bluish skin color (cyanosis) Coughing Shortness of breath Rapid breathing (tachypnea) Pleurisy may develop when you have lung inflammation due to infections such as pneumonia or tuberculosis. This inflammation also causes the sharp chest pain of pleurisy.It may also occur with: Asbestos-related disease Certain cancers Chest trauma Pulmonary embolus Rheumatoid arthritis Lupus COPIED FROM:http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/PMH0002347  dont know but if its giving him pain i would go see the doctor about it , may first make a call to the doctor he may tell you a few things that can help make it go away , has he had it long? is he 100% sure that he wasent hit on the head , you know boys will be boys :) i think only if he has pain is it really something to worry about , hope this helps  your mouth is full of nerves and just because you have pain in one place doesnt mean thats where its coming from. i would make a check up with your dentest if it doesnt let up , and infection can live in your gums , which is very bad since it can cause an abcest which can go into the spin and brain. if left untreated can lead to death ! on the lighter side a little meds can clear that right up , hope you feel better and hope this helped :)  sound like it possible your having pinched nerves which when the area is stressed is iving you the numbness , the puffiness its possible because the area has some problem when you use it which its kinda hard not to causes the area to become swollen i think it something to get checked out by your doctor , neck pain really blows , i have a reversed cervial spine so i know how it can stop your whole life i would ask for a mri cause it doesnt sound like a bone problem , hope this helps  depending on how bad it can go from headaches , toothaches, blurred vision (in very bad cases ) inablity to focus , finfing it hard to think, pain in your jaw, due to something like your cervical spine not being in the right place ex: reversed cervical spine which causes the bones to be ..as it says in the name reversed which i myself have and its very painfull after you spine curves more than a 20 degree angle in the wrong direction , also things like bad posture can cause neck pain , if you sit on front of a computer for a long tome each day. i hope this helps you :)  sounds to me like you might have shingles ,check it out pronto  The test would be conclusive at that time. However, the HIV virus can take some time before being able to show up on a test. Getting tested again wouldn't hurt. Once every 6 months to a year, is ideal, especially if you are continuing to have sex with sex workers. I wouldn't freak out too much yet though. Many things can cause swollen lymph nodes, including a sinus infection.  I used to get headaches in my sleep too. First, it's helpful if you are not dehydrated or still digesting food at 11 pm and beyond because your serotonin is produced then, if you don't have food allergies and sensitivities (biofeedback is a great way to get a full panel) then I might recommend finding a upper cervical chiropractor N.U.C.C.C.A. is their title so you can look them up that way. I feel great when I wake up now. Hope that helps.  YES!!! The fact that you are asking that question and you lost consciousness it warrants a trip to the ER.  I had a fall a month ago and hurt my neck and shoulders (it was a fall down a rocky hill.) I have the shooting pain down both arms and into the fingers. I have already waited longer to return to dr. than I should have.  Based upon my personal experience along with my husband, daughter, and now hundreds of people that I have come to know through a variety of venues (I am a professional counselor with 30 years of experience)- your symptoms can absolutely be attributed to persistent borrelia (Lyme) infection- and perhaps coinfections. I strongly recommend you review the International Lyme and Associated Diseases (ILADS) website for up-to-date and accurate information. Because of what comes down to what is now willful ignorance, many doctors are poiltical hacks rather than physicians- like the "expert" who gave you horrible advice on this forum.  may need to see Chiropractor, mine does at times and one day I'll deep breath and pops on it's on  my advise would be go to the er if it doesnt get better, because these can be signs of a stroke or something else.  I've been a physical therapist for over 25 years. For some reason people still think that massage and ultrasound is primarily what we use for treatment. That may have been true 20 or 30 years ago but the therapists I know and have worked with in recent years do very little ultrasound, especially for neck pain. Most "massage" has been turned over to massage therapists as well. We often use a lot of specific exercise techniques to stretch or strengthen the region, manual techniques like joint mobilizations or manipulation, etc. We do use both mechanical and manual traction, some electrical modalities, dry needling, taping and other techniques. We also use heat or cold but to categorize what our profession does these days as "heat, ultrasound and massage" (what we disparaging call a HUM job) is ill-informed and insulting.  shoulder pain problems  shoulder pain problems  I had a positive lymph node on my neck (one that is enlarged for at least a month) and had it removed and biopsied. The local small town pathologist told me I either had HIV, cancer or lymes....Really narrowed that down, eh? So he sent my node to Cornell University to the top lymph node doc in the country (that's what he said) and the report came back Toxoplasmosis. It's a parasite that's harmless unless you're pregnant. I'm just saying the possibilities are many, most are harmless. Just make sure your specimen goes to a qualified pathologist. Good luck :)  Well I'm not an orthopod but a retired xray tech of 42 years. Small bones like in the hands and feet start to mend (produce new bone growth) in about 7 to 10 days, it's evident on xrays..It's called "callus formation. It's not mended but starting to, evident on xrays. It's considered a common event that small bones, even ribs, are pretty much healed in 2-3 weeks, but they give you a few weeks more, just for good measure. Large bones in 6-8 weeks. But per your question, new bone growth is pretty much evident on xrays in as little as 2 weeks. I'm guessing, if the bone fragments are in close proximity to each other. Just my opinion. Hope this helps.  Just opinion here but maybe it's not bacterial or maybe it's MRSA? Have to consider viral or fungal infection. If so then antibiotics would be ineffective. Think outside the box. Is this a person that has had numerous antibiotics thru their life? Our society believes you should get antibiotics for everything, whether they are indicated or not. Maybe try antifungal or antiviral med if nothing else is working. Immune system is probably compromised already so last ditch might be steroids? Just thinking to myself. Hope this helps. Bless you.  I'm not a medical professional, but you should get to the dentist or doctor immediately. The infection can spread to your eye or worse. I have seen it happen. Please get help now.  Let me say again not a node. its doesnt swell or become soar if i get sick, it has nothing to do with being sick, its always there the same size just like the first bump i describes. my final bump i just noticed the other day. Its kind of under my tounge (another word i cant spell) or on the floor of my mouth, but just where my hard gum line meets the soft floor of my mouth.It stick out a little bit and is annoying. I looked online for a long time in search of my most recent bump but, most of what i found there were multiple conjoining bumps. Either way Im freaked out as I see some pretty crazy stuff online, yet none of it completely descibes me  try using more pillows to elevate your head so you do not have to resort to sleeping in recliner.  Maybe you should get your nerves tested. I had a neck injury that was not visible from my MRI and CAT scans and was effecting my right arm. I was feeling nerve pain down my right arm and tingling at my fingertips and also had weakness in my arm. When I injured myself, my spine pinched my nerve that runs down my arm.  Stiffness in neck, when really bad cannot bend neck in any direction. Feels swollen, affects jaw, and ears. Causes tightness in muscles of cranium, and pain and stiffness from area of neck near the base of cranium and spine ( Very stiff and horrid pressure in mid to upper spine is a main contributor as well.) Hearing loss in right ear is almost complete.Left ear is losing hearing as well. Every nerve on my upper torso (muscular rigidity, or atrophy happens in both shoulders, with pain running under armpits, causing numbness in both arms. Confusion, the inability to speak is very frustrating. When I feel frustrated with this pain, I cannot express any emotion. almos like I am in a walking coma. Nerves on my skin hurt so much it is painful to shower. All the while my neck continues to stay stiff and feel like a knuckle feels when it needs to pop, and sometimes the neck does pop, but it isn't the bones that pop, it's the muscles that pop. Right before they pop the muscles in the neck sound rusty? Yes, they make a sound like an old leather baseball glove would make if you opened or closed the glove. Last but not least, the taste in my mouth is horrendous. It feels like the nerves in my mouth have been muted, or are hurt (stinging) some way. I don't know if the taste is coming from the drainage from my right ear. Which gets filled with so muhch pressure, the ear drum breaks (chronically) and then heals up, until pressure gets bad again. While the ear drum is still unbroken, the drainage runs down my throat, making my throat sore, and giving me that horrible taste and stinging in my mouth. +  That I am not for sure of. I have a friend that also has the same condition. She says she gets pain in and around face and neck area tender and painful. I want to believe she said does swell sometimes. The ER here in MS was also not familiar with it. They thought she said fibro and its not the fibro. Not sure wh ya lot of places havent heard of it. You may want to look it up on mayo clinic online. May give you some better insight. I know a doctor in I think was Florida was doing some kind or laser treatment without surgery. My friend has said that they also call it suicide disease. http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/trigeminal-neuralgia/DS00446/DSECTION=symptoms here is the link to symptoms right on site. check it out is exactly how she described it to me.  Could possibly be sinus infection. Take some of the new Advil allergy and congestion pills available. Box is yellow and green says New at top. Other than that possibly need to go to doctor or clinic or er. Not sure if hay fever but I get the same feelings. Advil allergy and congestion will work for hay fever too. Better to try then not to. You only get I think 10 pills for 6.00 and I buy them at DG store Dollar Store. One every 4-6 hours as needed. Try it other than that I dont know  I fell that people experience anxiety in many different ways. In your case, one might say that the stress your homework can entail might subsequently trigger a specific chemically cranial process, making you experience panic or anxiety due to the situation. I would say that anxiety related to school is quite common. I personally experience immense anxiety when I have to give presentations for school-somewhat a similar situation. Hope I could help you out! This is my first answer haha.  no  I think you should get it checked or take a picture of it to see if it changes you should have saved the tick also watch for a bullseye shape mark that would be bad  well you need to see your family physician first then she/he will refer you to whom ever they think is fit for you  Are you female? Over 40 or no ovaries? Could be menopause!   About 2010, I got a concussion when I fell while I was a patient in the hospital, strangely enough. I did not, at that time, have vestibular issues. But, I do now. It's very frustrating when you're doing the PT for vestibular, and still have the symptoms.   I passed out without any warning. Stood up, and 30 seconds later, passed out again. Both times, I landed on my face. But, I was unconscience before I even hit the floor. Doctors were thinking it, likely, was seizures. The last time I had a seizure was approx. 1985. But, I have been taking my medicine to prevent them for many years. Could it be possible that switching to a newer drug (Antivert) may be to blame? I don't know why my neurologist made me switch. After all, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. According to him, Dilantin is a very old medicine. I have gone back to taking Dilantin. But, I am getting therapy for vestibular as a result of the episodes. BTW, is there a difference between dizzy and light-headed?   Hot flashes? I, a 48 year-old man, get them. I don't know if mine are caused by all of the bipolar meds that I take.  I would love to get an answer as well because I have been experiencing the same sensation for a few weeks. I feel it in my upper chest near my neck, face and ears. Those areas get read and blotchy and feel hot to the touch. It last a few minutes and then goes away. It burns, feels prickly and after a while slightly itchy. The burning is the worst part of it because it feels like a terrible sunburn! I sure hope we get some answer!!  You might need a chiropractor to relieve the pins and needles/numbness - If you are tired all the time, get checked for lyme disease - I had it for years and did not know it until I could not move anymore - If you don't take omega 3's and 6's essential fatty acids, you can become very tired so add this to your diet  If you have had lyme disease and did not take antibiotics until you were symptom free, it will return - I know it happened to me because I could not get treatment I needed because of lack of knowledge from infectious disease doctors - long term lyme disease required IV antibiotics to penetrate the underlying tissues - you need to see a lyme literate doctor who has success in treating lyme disease - www.ilads.org  Nerve damage in your neck. Pulled muscles in your neck. Either way if you are continually getting headaches you need to see your doctor. I have this exact problem. Good luck  Here is a great slide show from the site that might help you identify it.  As I am not a doctor I won't even speculate on what injury or issue you may be having. However, you may try having an MRI done, that was how I found out I had herniated the c5-c7 vertebrae in my neck in a car crash.  since she is diabetic you have to rule out hypoglycemic headace get a GRBS tested if GRBS is less than 60 mg ask her to take some sugar or candy., treatment for gastritis can also be given. A neck xray can rule out cervical spondilitis    Seek medical attention now. This could be related to a more serious condition rather than just a headache. Because your headache presents itself when you lie down, this could be tumor related. I had the same symptom for 3 months. When I finally went in and they did a CT Scan, I had a Primary Brain Tumor.  You might have high blood pressure.  Have you had your thyroid checked? I was having pain and stiffness right posterior neck and subscapular muscle spasms. After taking 25mcgm of synthroid the pain, stiffness and spasms went away.  It could be the mattress itself, the positioning of your body whilst sleeping, or the material the pillows are made from. I would say to invest in another mattress or try sleeping somewhere else to see what happens. Your neck is greatly affected by the positioning of your body.  The same thing happened to me, and when I had an MRI done, they determined that I had a herniated disc.  