Do not drink it. Many friends of mine have tried it and it always gives the the poops. Try rubbing or or anouther alternative walking, swinging. Keeping the mind snd body busy.  The answer to your question is debatable. Some people swear by it; myself on the other hand wouldn't accept it even for free. Canola Oil may stand for Canadian Oil in honor of its developers. Most of the world's canola crop is genetically modified.Years ago there was a cheap oil used for industrial purposes called "Rapeseed". It could not be used in food back then because it contained a bitter taste and had a substance in its make-up that caused heart disorders in lab animals. A group of Canadians scientists wanted to change "Rapeseed" into an editable product and found a way to create a seed with less of the offending agents. Today, Canola Oil is manufactured using extreme heat causing a build-up of unhealthy trans fats, a possible dangerous solvent chemical called hexane, and a questionable deodorization procedure. Some studies have reported that up to 5% of the Canola Oil product is made of fatty acids that contain unhealthy trans fats. Artificial trans fats are very dangerous to human beings and have a negative association with heart disease about the world. I cannot endorse canola oil. I think that it has an unfriendly taste and probably even more of an unfriendly affect on our bodies.   Yes, you can take them together; there is no contraindication. . As a matter of fact, one of the major vitamin and natural supplement providers (Natures Bounty), has a combination capsule of Coq10 and fish oil that can be purchased at most Wallgreen Pharmacies.   Corn syrup is a sweetener while corn oil is a fat. Corn syrup is produced after corn oil is removed from the corn. The common feature of both products is they have their origins through the corn corp. Corn syrup is sweat and may negatively influence the insulin production in humans. It is insulin that helps regulate appetite. Through a manufacturing process, some foods products are made with an even sweater version of corn syrup called High Fructose Corn Syrup. Corn syrup and High Fructose Corn Syrup are big business entities and come with much controversy concerning their overall consumer health safety. Corn oil is primary used as a frying agent and is valued for its high burn point. Some studies have suggested that Corn Oil may prevent cancer. The jury is still out on those claims of Corn Oil being superior to Olive Oil as a healthy substance.  Dry skin is common as we age, but conditions such as eczema and psoriasis can also lead to extremely dry and cracked skin. Applying a daily moisturizers especially after showering, limiting showing time, and bathing in warm & not hot water help. One major tip is to use skin products that contain petroleum or lanolin. These help seal moisture in the skin. They also produce a barrier that protects against the loss of natural oils within the skin. If the symptoms persist despite these simple tips and a change in your routine, it's time to see a dermatologist. A history and physical is what a dermatologist will look at to determine the cause. Occasionally other tests such as a thyroid panel or Vitamin D level may be needed.  It sounds like to be like some sort of cyst. Especially the way you describe it. You should see your Doctor about it and he may be able to tell you what it is or help with a prescription.  Recurrent boils should be cultured and evaluated by your dermatologist and often require antibiotics by mouth in order to properly treat them. Along with this you can use warm compresses and topical benzoyl peroxide as well as aloe and honey, which are soothing and antiseptic. The areas should also be washed daily with antibacterial soap and water.  This could be a condition called hidradenitis suppurativa, which could occur at any time. It is a scarring condition of recurrent boils in the groin, under the bra line, and even at the underarm region. It may be worse due to hormonal imbalance and weight gain. There are oral and topical treatments your dermatologist would be able to offer to help control the condition and minimize scarring.  ...Gone are the days of using corn oil. It is high in omega-6 fatty acids and we just get too much of that type of fat in the American diet and it competes with omega-3s which are the more anti-inflammatory type of fatty acid. Which is where canola oil comes in. It is a made up name but the the oil comes from tiny seeds and it is a real oil that is high in monounsaturated fats and does contribute plant omega-3s as well. I use canola oil and olive oil in my cooking (usually canola in my baking because it has a neutral flavor). Extra virgin olive oil has more of the antioxidants and phytochemicals in olives because it's from the first "press." You might have heard that "light" olive oil is used in baking because it has more of a neutral flavor. You want to stick with extra virgin olive oil and use it anywhere the wonderful olive flavor is complimentary. Olive oil has a lower "smoke point" than say canola oil which means it will start to break down and smoke when heated at higher temperatures. If you are doing some high temperature oven frying or pan frying, use canola oil instead.  I'm sorry to hear you're dealing with this. As a plastic and reconstructive surgery nurse, I've worked with many hidradenitis patients, so I understand how painful and embarrassing it can be. I'm afraid, in general, I don't have good news for you. is a difficult, insidious disease. It basically is an infection of the apocrine sweat glands and only occurs where these glands are located in the skin: the armpits, groin, perineal area, perianal area, and areola (area around the nipple). Hidradenitis in not curable. In general, patients go through mild outbreaks that are treated with antibiotics or other therapies. In my experience, hidradenitis almost always recurs, however. The only permanent solution to the problem is surgery. Surgery is usually reserved for intractable cases where the lesions won't heal and stay open and oozing for weeks or even months. I'm not sure what your doctor is planning to inject you with. Botox (botulinum toxin) is not indicated for hidradenitis, and there's no evidence it would be useful. Botox is used to treat excessive sweating, which is called . It's possible your doctor is planning to inject corticosteroids into the lesions because this is a fairly common treatment when the disease is in the milder stage. In general, hidradenitis patients should focus on keeping the apocrine gland areas very clean with gentle, daily washing using an antibacterial cleanser and cleansing only with bare fingers. It's helpful to avoid any sort of skin trauma in susceptible areas, and even washing with a washcloth can possibly trigger an outbreak. I wish you all the best with this condition.  The best answer to your question is this: Call your surgeon's office and ask. If the boil is not located anywhere near the surgical area, the surgeon probably will simply proceed with the surgery. But that's his or her decison, and the sooner you alert the office to this development, the better it will be for everyone. If the boil is located in the surgical area, it still may not be a problem. In fact, the surgeon may decide to remove the boil during the surgery. It all depends on what type of surgery you're having and in what area of the body. But, anyway, as I said the best thing you can do is call your surgeon's office and let them know. Surgical scheduling is an art all unto itself, and if your case has to be delayed, it's better for the surgeon's scheduler to know about it as far in advance as possible. Wishing you all the best!  I have every confidence your doctor knows what he or she is doing. Bactrim (or Bactrim DS) often is prescribed to treat infections of the tissue, such as a boil. Bactrim is actually a combination of two different antibiotics: sulfamethoxazole and trimethoprim. This one-two punch of drugs will attack several different strains of bacteria. If you ever have a question about a medication prescribed by a health care provider, it's perfectly OK to question them about it at the time they prescribe it. In fact, you should always ask what the medication is being prescribed for, why the doctor chose that particular drug, how to take it, and what the possible side effects are. By asking these questions, you make yourself a better-informed patient. Lastly, always take a prescribed antibiotic exactly as labeled. And always take the full amount of the prescription. Do not stop taking an antibiotic just because your symptoms clear up. This type of behavior may contribute to the recent development of antibiotic-resistant organisms. Hope this helps!  Please do not ever try to induce labor on your own. This can be very dangerous for both the mother and the baby. If you are pregnant, please seek medical attention immediately. Every woman should receive medical care and guidance throughout her pregnancy in order to ensure the health and safety of her baby and herself. If you cannot afford care, please call your local Medicaid (in the U.S.) office for assistance. I do not know if castor oil will induce labor or not. If you are in crisis over pregnancy please call a local crisis hotline, women's resource center, or your local hospital. They can direct you to resources to help you cope with whatever is going on. Best wishes to you.  I'm sorry you've had a bad experience with the emergency department. Usually, don't require emergency treatment, so there was no harm in your trying to treat this at home. However, the fact you're now experiencing scrotal (swelling of the scrotum) tells me the problem has escalated and you should seek medical attention. If you have red streaks on the skin around the area of the boil, or if you're running a fever, you should see a doctor as soon as possible. If you're not feverish, you could try calling your primary care provider to get an appointment soon. Be sure to let them know what's going on, so they can advise you if it's OK to wait. Hope you get this cleared up soon!  I think you're referring to the fact people with blood sugar problems can be slow to heal. That's why foot care is so important for people with diabetes. Preventing sores is better than trying to heal them. If your blood sugar is well-controlled through diet and/or medications, you should have nothing to fear from a boil. You probably will heal just fine. If your blood sugar is not well-controlled, then you would be wise to work harder at this. Make sure you're doing everything within your power to eat a healthy diet, get some exercise, take your diabetes medications, lose weight and so on. Some people with diabetes never get their sugars under control, but most people can do it with some discipline and willpower. If the boil is giving you discomfort and needs to be drained by a health care provider, don't hesitate to make an appointment. That way, you can also get instructions on to best care for the wound so it heals well. Wishing you well!  I think you're referring to the fact people with blood sugar problems can be slow to heal. That's why foot care is so important for people with diabetes. Preventing sores is better than trying to heal them. If your blood sugar is well-controlled through diet and/or medications, you should have nothing to fear from a boil. You probably will heal just fine. If your blood sugar is not well-controlled, then you would be wise to work harder at this. Make sure you're doing everything within your power to eat a healthy diet, get some exercise, take your diabetes medications, lose weight and so on. Some people with diabetes never get their sugars under control, but most people can do it with some discipline and willpower. If the boil is giving you discomfort and needs to be drained by a health care provider, don't hesitate to make an appointment. That way, you can also get instructions on to best care for the wound so it heals well. Wishing you well!  Great question! That yellowish film you see probably is part of the healing process. As the body heals a wound, it frequently produces an overabundance of proteins. These proteins often look exactly like your description: a yellowish film. This film often is described as thick, sticky, or gunky. As long as the area of the boil doesn't become extremely painful, red, or hot, and as long as you don't start running a fever, the healing process is likely proceeding normally. If you experience any of the above symptoms, you should contact your primary care provider. You can gently cleanse the area with lukewarm water and mild soap. You don't need to scrub off the yellowish film. Hope this helps!  Well, it's impossible to say what has caused your red spots without an examination, but I wouldn't jump right to staph. So many things can cause flaky, red patches on the face including, as you pointed out, eczema. If gentle cleansing and applying skin lotion or cream doesn't help, you might get it checked out by a doctor, just to be safe. This illustrates common adult skin conditions, though it doesn't include a picture of a staph infection of the skin. I hope the patches clear up soon!  Your girlfriend should see a health care professional about this. It's not the kind of thing you should try lancing yourself, as that can introduce infection into the wound and cause more problems. Your description of the lesion makes it difficult to tell if it is a , though it doesn't sound like it. These types of cysts occur very close to the vaginal opening. Like I say, your girlfriend needs to see a medical professional about this. Wishing you well!  i would try getting a can of thick it you can get it at walmart but i suggest getting it online it is so much cheaper. My grandfather has been drinking it and it has helped a lot. easy to use and is not nasty to drink. :)  When it comes to medication products, it is important to read all product labels carefully before purchasing and consuming any item. Consult the local pharmacist to help make sure no shellfish materials are found in the product. Remember, also, that ingredients change from time to time. So check labels every time you shop. Fish oil products usually come from oily fish, such as salmon, trout, swordfish, and mackerel. Particular products that are EPA and DHA derived come from the omega-3 sources tend to be more bio-available, making the product more effective to provide the cardiovascular effects desired. Shellfish are typically not used to make the fish oil products. However, it is important to read all ingredients on the bottle. Call the manufacturer to make sure there are no shellfish ingredients. Once you find a particular brand that works for you, stick with it. But continue to check the label to make sure nothing has changed with the product.  It is important to read the bottle, looking at active and inactive ingredients, to make sure that it doesnt contain iodine. If you are still unsure, check with your pharmacist to make sure that it is all right to ingest. I also recommend calling the manufacturer to make sure iodine is not listed as a component. Better safe than sorry!  Many people have tried using herbals. Several herbal medications have been associated with aiding in pain relief, such as black willow, meadowsweet, passionflower, and valerian. It is very important to remember that herbals are not monitored for safety and effectiveness by the FDA. Therefore, we do not know how they work, or if they work. The side effects could be more intense than the benefit of taking the product. Research is limited when it comes to herbs. However, we have seen many studies done using acupuncture and massage therapy with migraine patients. This is thought to relax the body to aid in the decrease of muscle tension and stress levels, and prevent the onset of migraines. Check with your insurance company, because sometimes these migraine-reducing therapies are insured services.  Oily hair is a natural production. If you wash your hair frequently it causes your body to produce more oil. The less you wash it, the more the production slows down. Ways to absorb body oil is to use baby powder. Just use a small amount at the roots and pat the white color out. Some hair salons have colored hair powder that can be used if you do not like the white powder. As for the face or skin, a light lotion that is less greasy should be applied as a moisturizer. There are also face towelettes that can be used to blot the face and eliminate oil and perspiration.  Whether you have diabetes or not here are some healthy cooking oils to choose from. Choosing the right oil depends on what kind of fat the oil is made with. There are three kinds of fats: saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated. Saturated fats are butter, lard and shortening. They are solid at room temperature and linked with elevated cholesterol levels and increased risk for heart disease. If you have diabetes these should be very limited. Polyunsaturated fats are canola oil, sunflower oil and walnut oil. They are always liquid even if placed in the fridge. These kinds of fats can improve blood cholesterol levels and reduce the risk of heart disease. Monounsaturated fats are olive oil and peanut oil. They are always liquid at room temperature but become semi-solid when placed in the refrigerator. When these are used in place of saturated fats they too can reduce the risk of heart disease. Follow this link to find out what the top 3 oil picks are.  Even though your husband is black his skin has to be very dark not to see redness. Signs of infection are redness, tenderness at and around the area. If it is an open wound drainage, that is a yellowish or green color, foul smell, chills,elevated temperature. The white patches sound like a sign that boil is coming to a head and start to drain. When area starts to drain, keep a dressing to absorb drainage . Never squeeze a boil,pimple that can drive drainage deeper into surrounding tissues. Take warm showers, pat area dry and cover with a warm bandage. Change dressings when they become soiled. It is important to keep area dry and clean. Never apply any medications or ointments in the wound unless instructed to by a doctor. In situations where you are unsure of infection, have area checked by a doctor. Has your husband ever been tested for diabetes? If he hasn't it would be a good idea to make an appointment for a check up. Keep a record of these "boils" your husband has and discuss outbreaks with your doctor. If your husband has a history of having boils in buttocks, groin and armpits have your husband ask his doctor about hidradenitis suppurativa.  This is a great question, I do get asked about these common wives' tales, and unfortunately there is no data, they have never been studied, and therefore not recommended. I mean, the only real way to kind of decrease your factors of getting heartburn is to really change your diet. Decrease your caffeine intake. Don't eat spicy foods. Stop smoking. All these little things will probably end up doing better things for you and are very easy to incorporate in your everyday activities.  I know your Dad wants to help you, but I dont think this old remedy is a good choice. It is important that you work with your doctors, trust them and their judgment because the treatment selected depends on the cause of the constipation. Its work in progress.  Good question and one that I have to answer a lot because many people don't know that they really need to get the prescription filled! The FDA-approved dose of Lovaza is four capsules per day. It could take up to 14 capsules per day of an omega-3 supplement to provide the same amount of active ingredients proven to lower very high triglycerides. Omega-3 dietary supplements have not been approved by the FDA to treat any specific disease like very high triglycerides. Supplements also do not go through an FDA approved manufacturing process. If you have any other questions, talk to your pharmacist, its worth the extra time.  apply heat as often as you can....I had one a few years ago and it was so deep and the puss was hard the dr couldnt get it out even after cutting it open. i kept heat on it for a few days and it drew the puss out. good luck, those are awful. for future reference the pharmacy sells something called boil ease behind the counter. its a topical cream you apply when you feel one coming up and it really helps get rid of it quickly. :)   Yep. I'm a big wanker myself  when I'm in the mood, I can go for hours and get pretty rough handling going on, so I've been in the same boat myself. My tool had gotten really dulled in feeling, so I started using man1 Man Oil and now it's great  it's livelier and really responds better to the touch and really great. So yeah, definitely get some and try it yourself. You don't wanna mess around with losing sensation in your equipment.   Yep. I'm a big wanker myself  when I'm in the mood, I can go for hours and get pretty rough handling going on, so I've been in the same boat myself. My tool had gotten really dulled in feeling, so I started using man1 Man Oil and now it's great  it's livelier and really responds better to the touch and really great. So yeah, definitely get some and try it yourself. You don't wanna mess around with losing sensation in your equipment.   So, I've had pimples on my pole, too, and it's not like I don't wash a lot. I also have gotten a lot of rashes and dry skin on my tool, so I did start using Man1 Man Oil, and things really got cleared up for me. What you may have are Fordyce spots, which are harmless, but it helps to keep your tool moisturized. My advice is to get some and use it.<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p>  If it truly is Staph then yes, it is in your blood stream, and will remain there forever. Do not fear you just must eat and stay healthy and stay clean. If you see someone with a boil RUN!!!!!!  St. John's wort is an herbal supplement that has many drug interactions. In your case, it can make your simvastatin less effective, which can result in elevated cholesterol levels. It also can affect blood glucose. I would suggest you avoid St. John's wort. If you are having symptoms of depression (a common use for St. John's wort) you should talk to your health-care professional, who can help.  Yes. It would be OK. There are no dangerous drug interactions between Alli and the medications you listed. The one suggestion I would give you is to separate your Alli doses from the fish oil by at least two hours, to ensure you get the full benefits of the fish-oil supplement.  Yes. There are no drug interactions between Parnate and fish oil. You should be OK. Be sure to tell your doctors and pharmacists about all the supplements you take. They need this information to take the best care of you.  There are many differences between Lovaza and fish oil supplements. For one, Lovaza is an omega-3 fatty acid prescription medication, which means it has specific indications and is regulated by the FDA for content, safety, and purity. Fish oil supplements are not regulated by the FDA like medications are. You have to be careful when buying fish oil supplements because [they] come in many different strengths and forms. Always ask your pharmacist to recommend a reputable brand that is labeled correctly, and to help you figure out how many capsules you need to take in order to get the right amount of EPA and DHA to help you with heart health.  There is a difference in the types of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids they provide. Flaxseeds provide alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), which our bodies convert in small amounts to EPA and DHA, which are the omega-3s found in fish oil. But neither flaxseed nor flaxseed oil has been shown to reduce triglycerides like fish oil has, though flax may be helpful for lowering total and LDL cholesterol.  I do not see any medications on your list that should be separated from the others. So it appears you can take them all at the same time. Certain calcium supplements (carbonate) need to be taken with food. But other than that, they can all be taken at any time of day. Your pharmacist is the best person to talk to when you have medication questions -- they can help you come up with a schedule for all your medications.  My Aunt had the exact issue during her radiation and chemo treatments for breast cancer. I know she used nutragena Tea Tree oil shampoo which relieved the itching and flakiness greatly. She used tea tree oil cleaners on her face also. She found she used a lot of aveno baby products also. I think there was an oatmeal bath soap (liquid) that was also helpful.  Research shows that over the short-term low carbohydrate/high protein diets have beneficial effects on blood lipids, especially raising the good kind of cholesterol,  There could be a few different reasons why you bloat. Here are some ideas: Too much sodium can cause water retention that makes you feel bloated. Check the sodium of the meals you are consuming. Eating quickly (and too much) can also cause abdominal distention. Fat or rich foods that take longer to digest can increase bloating. It could be due to a lack of healthy bacteria in your gastro-intestinal tracts. Try adding fermented foods like yogurt and kefir or even a probiotic to see if it helps. There are certain foods that may be making you feel bloated. See this WebMD article for more of the details. If the bloating causes you problems, and isn't helped by any dietary changes, you should see your healthcare provider to rule out any medical causes. Best of luck to you!  Boils themselves are not contagious, but the bacteria that cause boils are. Boils are skin infections, commonly caused by the bacteria in the family staphylococcus or by other bacteria. The bacteria manage to temporarily evade the bodys defenses and grow in a tightly defined area. Small boils often go away without treatment. In some cases, the skin infection may progress to become an abscess: a lump with a pocket of infected liquid (pus) inside. Touching someones boil, then your own skin, wont necessarily cause a boil to form there. The process by which boils form is more complicated than that. The bacteria may spread to the new persons skin, but never cause a boil. Some people are more susceptible to boils and skin infections than others. One member of the staphylococcus family called MRSA (methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus) causes a large percentage of boils today. MRSA is spread from person to person in close contact. Outbreaks of MRSA have occurred in dormitories, military barracks, athletic facilities, and prisons -- all places where people are in close contact. Good personal hygiene is the most sensible approach to prevent the spread of bacteria that can cause skin infections. Wash your hands with soap and water after touching a boil. A boil can be kept lightly covered with clean gauze. Apply warm-water compresses to help your body clear the infection. If you have a persistent boil or feel you need to squeeze or lance a boil, see a doctor.  Quit agitating it...It came from some type of medication with sodium...Reduce your sodium intake gradually...  no once the core of the boil is removed the boil heals up and that is the end of it -- I myself had a boil many many many years ago and I have not had any since.  No,it will eventually pop on it's own or if it's hard and has been there long time may have to have it cut out or lanced by doctor.  No. Boils are not contagouse..  Hi Time to get off to your doctor, with luck he/she may lance it for you if its ripe, its about the best thing you can have done. Good Luck  Hi seeing as I have my own organic olive grove my vote will be for olive oil, in a new report they say olive oil is very good for the bones, following the Mediterranean diet there is a high intake of olive oil, they say the average Greek consumes a wine glass of olive oil a day, which I could very well believe, and you can google about taking two table spoons of olive oil a day, your find lots of info on how good it is for you. But I think you find any natural oil is good for you, the problem these days is so much oil is recycled, a lot of veg oil is. that's why there is so much trouble with it. Do hope this little bit helps. Good Luck  Hi First google this, natural ways out of high cholesterol you should find loads of help. Also have a good read on this site, www.spacedoc.com all very interesting just in case they want to put you statins. So lots of help. Good Luck  Hi Boyfriend/Husband been nibbling on them? OH why think of cancer? OK just give them a sae salt water wash twice a day, try and keep them dry through the day, the salt will aid cleaning and healing, see how you get on. Good Luck  Hi if your taken the aspirin at night and the others through the day cant see any problem, your aspirin you should take just after you last meal of the day, been on that for the last 16 years I think, doctor said he was going to do the same after 50. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just wait a bit longer, it needs to get ripe then you can have a go squeezing it, if not of to your doctor and get it lanced. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have a read at the bottom of this link it may help you and the use of onion oil or black seed onion oil. The Link, http://gotclearskin.typepad.com/tfp/2011/06/psoriasis-what-works-for-me-.html Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi It helps if you have HBP in lowering blood pressure, have a look at this link, well worth a read. The Link, http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/druginfo/natural/993.html Just copy into google up to the www. to open and read. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As this ois a not a visual site? I think it would be best to see your doctor, let him/her look at it. Good Luck  Hi The boils are yours, the hair follicles that have gone wrong, so no, they cant be passed on. Mind you not nice having sex with somebody who has boils. Good Luck  Hi See answer above.  Hi This is how you get a boil? A boil is a red, painful, lump on the skin that develops at the site of an infected hair follicle. They are also called furuncles. A hair follicle is a small cavity in the skin from which a hair grows. Boils most commonly develop on areas of skin where there is a combination of hair, sweat and friction, such as the neck, face or thighs. Over time, pus forms inside the boil. This means it grows larger and becomes more painful. In most cases, a boil will eventually burst and the pus will drain away. This can take from two days to three weeks to happen. If you put boil in google, then look at the images, do these match yours? If so then you cant catch boils, there just something trhat happens Are you sure its not a wart? Or warts if there is more than one? And if so these could be genital warts and could be from the last time you had sex, now if you still have these, then get off to your doctor or an STD/GUM Clinic, and get tested ASAP, this would be for you own knowledge , once you get this thats it you now have it and you get break outs from time to time. So go get tested. Good Luck  Hi, Perhaps your skin is becoming allergic to the pads your using, try and find some unbleached pads, or change to tampons. That's if you use pads, otherwise get the pimples tested by you doctor next time you have your period, just remember they have seen it all before. Good Luck  Hi This first piece is from WebMD, I'm putting it here as an intro, but should help you for a start. http://www.webmd.com/vitamins-supplements/ingredientmono-1092-coconut%20oil.aspx?activeingredientid=1092&activeingredientname=coconut%20oil So just hit on the link. Then just goggle your question you find lots of info. But do use just virgin coconut oil its best, and here's a tip its very good for sex as lubrication. But it wont clog up your arteries, its to natural. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Stefano, So nice to see a name, your find the way we sweat and it s smell is from what we eat and drink most times, so check out what your eating and drinking, it would be a good place to start. Have a look on earthclinic.com You may find an answer there, start by looking under allergies. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think you need more help than just a diet, see the list below, its all of these you need to be doing, thats if you smoke and drink. You can take steps to prevent high blood pressure by: losing weight if you need to exercising regularly eating a healthy diet cutting back if you drink a lot of alcohol stopping smoking cutting down on salt and caffeine For more help have a look on this site for cayenne pepper, look up the page on HBP your find it very interesting, The Link, http://www.cayennepepper.info/health-benefits-of-cayenne-pepper.html Also google natural ways out of HBP, on here your find lots of ways you can do it. Do hopr this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Smithy, I have seen some bits about this on www.earthclinic.com but never taken any notice of it but its there, and I think you find lots to read. Good Luck  Hi If its just peanut, he should be OK, but do check. Good Luck  Hi, Well if its itching like crazy, like I remember it does, you could try some good olive oil, virgin would be best, or aloe vera gel, both very safe, I did my sons back with olive oil when he got sunburnt the other year, he could not believe how good it was, he's a chef and thinks its only for cooking with and salads. And the aloe vera, is great for sunburn, and your skin. See how you get on. good Luck  Hi You should find this link from WebMD helpful. http://www.webmd.com/oral-health/guide/geographic-tongue Good Luck  Hi Coconut oil is a good choice but try the extra virgin, or almond oil this is recommended by Dr Betty Dodson, if these don't affect you there's good old baby oil, and olive oil if your in the kitchen for kitchen sex. Just enjoy your sex life. Good Luck  Hi The first thing you should do is get it cut very short, try buying you own hair trimmer, and just use no 1 cut, do this and you should not worry to much then, its called being a man, this may cut the greasiness in your hair, google hair vitamins and take it from there, you may need to do a mix, I found a mix of natural vitamins are best. Also have a look on www,earthclinic.com you may also find some useful help on there. I hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Google this, coconut oil, taken daily, good for reducing belly fat your find lots of sites all giving it the thumbs up. Take it from there. Good Luck  Hi See the answer above.  Hi When I was a kid my Mother always used warm olive oil the put cotton wall in over night, and the wax come out the next morning, if you such a bad problem never use cotton buds. Olive oil is more natural thing to use warmed up, you can do this by putting the teaspoon in hot water, it then just warms the olive oil up before somebody dribbles it in for you, then just rest for 5 minutes to let go down you ear cannel. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi When I was a kid my Mother always used warm olive oil the put cotton wall in over night, and the wax come out the next morning, if you such a bad problem never use cotton buds. Olive oil is more natural thing to use warmed up, you can do this by putting the teaspoon in hot water, it then just warms the olive oil up before somebody dribbles it in for you, then just rest for 5 minutes to let go down you ear cannel. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi if these are white spots on your penis and scrotum, there just Fordyce's spots all quite normal, and they will just go as you age, but the real bigger ones you can squeeze them, you get like a white worm of pus come out, it clears them away, use a hot face cloth first, it helps. Not a lot else you can do. Good Luck  Hi Found you this, its a link to a site. http://www.fordycespots.com/faq/fordyce-spots/how-do-i-distinguish-between-fordyce-spots-and-pearly-penile.html Just copy this link into google to open and read. Should help you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, No but internal haemorrhoids would give you bleeding, cant see how fish oil would do that, unless it still had some very big bones in it. Any help. Good Luck  Hi, The rule is this, see blood in your urine or stools please see you doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi if you google this, drink castor oil to hurry delivery, the is so much info, its for and against, so lots to read, if need be you can just pass it on. But I do know that my mother tried it way back in the late 1940s, your find its just to get your system working, and by doing this whoops you make a baby. Do hope this helps you and your friends. Good Luck  Hi Probable its because you were on some good vits if you look the bottle/packet if you still have it, and your see what was in them. But here's a list that may help, ok there's zinc, iron, vitamin B,s, C, D and Folate, beta carotene for vitamin A, Sulphur, and Omga-3, these should bring your hair back to full glory. Good Luck  Hi Your find that both, Coconut and olive oils are traditionally used to moisturize and treat skin infections. Does that help you. Good Luck  Hi Your find by doing a lot of reading up about this, some people are even born with them, and for the rest of there lives they just keep coming. I had a mate at school he was always having them, worked with a much older guy once just the same spent his whole life living with boils, sometimes between 6 to 10 at a time. Me, can only ever remember having one. Your find your just one of those people. Sorry for you. Good Luck Last thought, have a look on www.earthclinic.com you may find some help there.  Hi Your find by doing a lot of reading up about this, some people are even born with them, and for the rest of there lives they just keep coming. I had a mate at school he was always having them, worked with a much older guy once just the same spent his whole life living with boils, sometimes between 6 to 10 at a time. Me, can only ever remember having one. Your find your just one of those people. Sorry for you. Good Luck Last thought, have a look on www.earthclinic.com you may find some help there.  Hi, If you google this you may find an unusual answer, but its Garlic and Parsley, I us this mix to help keep my blood clean, in a fight with ED, this come up when I google Garlic and Parsley for ED, also taken Cayenne will help, as this cleans plaque from your blood, get your blood clean should work wonders for you, does for me and ED, also have a look at Green Tea another thing that's very good for the blood. Good Luck  Hi, Yes you are right, go to the top of your class well done, to back that up you can google caster oil for dry eyes, lots of help and including this link. its for earth clinic, its a site well worth keeping in your computer, lots and lots of help. The Link, http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/dry-eyes-how-to-cure.html Just copy this into google to open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Really good olive oil from Greece, but always extra virgin oil, you can use this oil for most things even getting tanned and sex, taking two table spoons of olive oil daily is very good for you, and give you a very healthy heart. Its good for our bones good for your hair if it gets dry, best all round oil you can buy. I will have fresh olive oil for sale, come the new year, all organic and sent from here in Greece, comes in 17 litre cans at 6 euros a litre. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I would get the co detector checked out, it sounds like fumes to me, when the guy checked out your furnace did he check the flue, sonds from what your saying it may just have a crack or small hole. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi What follows is how to draw a boil. you don't need a pencil and paper for this.  Hi Found you some very good info, just follow this link. The link, http://womenshair.about.com/od/problemhairadvice/qt/Coconut-Oil-Hair-Treatment.htm Just copy into google to open and read. Good Luck  Hi Sorry but why would you wont castor oil your now in contractions, caster oil is used to do that, and again your now there, just go with it, when they get down to 3 minutes then off you go to hospital, mind you this would depend how far you are from it? Good Luck. Many happy days to come.  Hi It seems that yes its very safe for use as a massage oil or for use as a sexual aid, there's even some one who uses it with condoms after doing a test with it and condoms. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi the reason you get ingrowing hairs is because your shaving is wrong, your trying to shave real close?yes, well forget that, to do that your shaving upwards? yes, wrong. You always shave the way the hair grows ie downwards, do that you should be able to forget you worries, and have no more ingrowing hairs. But just in case you do get the odd one, just open the top with a clean needle and inside you should see the hair, just pick it out and the pluck it away, do give is a sea salt wash, this will help clean and aid healing it should be cleared up in 24 hours. Always use a bit of baby oil after shaving, it will help the skin, and make it feel nice. I do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I would have a good read of this link from WebMD, it will answer your question. The Link, http://www.webmd.com/vitamins-supplements/ingredientmono-1092-COCONUT%20OIL.aspx?activeIngredientId=1092&activeIngredientName=COCONUT%20OIL I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sorry but yes, it would be wear hair follicles are next to the lip. Good Luck  Hi Just copy this into google, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rapeseed, it give all the answers you looking for in one go.OK Good Luck  Hi, This medicine is not known to cause any problems during pregnancy or while breast-feeding. However, as with all medicines, you should seek medical advice from your doctor before using this medicine if you are pregnant or breast-feeding. Good Luck  Hi, Here's two links, these should help your daughters scalp, but please if you do follow this advice please use Greek extra virgin olive oil, organic could be best, see I do have my own grove here in Greece, every little helps in plugging our oil. http://www.peashealth.com/can-olive-oil-be-used-for-treating-eczema/ http://homeremediesforlife.com/olive-oil-for-scalp/ Just copy into google one at a time to the www. To open and read. Hope this helps your daughter. Good Luck  Buy and mix equal volumes of H2O2 and generic Listerine. Splash this and let dry on the affected area after shower. Use Neomycen Ointment in the nares at night to treat staph reinfections.  I would see a dermatologist instead of your regular MD. Sounds like a skin disorder or infection and they may be able to prescribe you a topical cream that will help.  Boils will bleed because it is a skin infection and if the skin surface is broken, that is what will cause the bleeding. If it is bleeding on its own that means the area is overly inflammed and abcess burst. Try reading this article to determine if its something more serious: http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/guide/boils  to add, because i was at the character limit had to post separately. The itch is very slight and just mostly dis comfortable like i would have to adjust every so often. I have no discharge. and i plan to see a doctor, i just dont have time today, trying to go tomorrow. I have no problems urinating also. I started using Lotrimin today so hope that helps.  Vitamins do not prevent boils. These are skin infection, usually Staph. You should see your medical provider for a proper treatment regime.  No. Cranberry pills would basically have no effect on boils (even though cranberries have a very weak, natural antibiotic).  You may have had a partial wax impaction, but when you added the oil, the wax softened and now you have a complete wax impaction. It is very unlikely that you damaged your hearing, so assuming that you do not have ear pain or other signs of an ear infection, you can lavage (wash) out your ear canal with a gentle stream of warm water (just slightly warmer than your body temperature). The warm water stream will most likely dislodge the softened wax, so you can do this in the shower....allow a stream of shower water to go in your ear canal (a hand-held shower works the best). Once the water gets out of your ear, your hearing should return to its normal level again.  Castor oil will still have laxative effects, whether you drink your dose straight or mix it. If you mix it with tea, you are going to have some pretty nasty tea to drink, but the laxative effect will be unchanged.  Yes, there can be a correlation. People wtih diabetes (especially uncontrolled diabetes) are considered immunocompromised, so having skin infections would be one manifestation that can occur.  You are correct about it appearing to spread based on your original exposure. You may have been exposed by the oils on your clothing or shoes that you touched later, or by some of the tools you used to cut it down. The oleoresin is so stable that it can last on objects for YEARS, so you better carefully wash any clothing or objects that may have become contaminated. If you have a dog and dog came in contact with poison ivy, the oil can be on the fur, so wash the dog, too. In my opinion, there is no such thing as a mild case of poison ivy, so I tend to treat them more aggressively (based on my own childhood experience of the misery it causes). Prescription prednisone, topical steroids, and oral antihistamines is the treatment of choice, so it is time to consult a medical provider.  If you want an exact answer, then you will need to be examined by a medical professional. Based on the information you have shared, there is a very good chance that you do have a perirectal abscess or a pilonidal abscess. Either of these two painful conditions require immediate medical attention. Do not delay.  No...it is a terrible sunscreen; none at all.  I do not know any special oils, applied to the scalp or ingested, that will cause black hair to grow faster and stronger. Sorry.  NO.....this parasite does not cause boils.  You could not shave. By going au natural for a while, you will probably heal these ingrown hairs. Many people who shave will get this condition, called "folliculitis", and the best solution is not to shave. If you must shave, then use a new, clean razor each time. Use an anti-bacterial soap or a get a prescription antibacterial solution/lotion to use on the area after you shave.  Jock itch (tinea cruris) is caused by a yeast/fungus, so the best treatment would be an antifungal cream, not coconut oil.  A boil or abscess can occur ANYWHERE on your body's skin surface. Without an examination, I would have no way of knowing if this self-diagnosed boil is related to your bowel movements or not, so I would strongly suggest that you see a medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  Every human on this planet has E.coli in their intestines. This is the part of our normal, intestinal flora. We do not, however, have the 0157 strain that causes life-threating health consequences, unless we got if from a contaminated source. Bloody diarrhea is not likely from "too much olive oil", so I would encourage you to seek medical care. There are many other bacterial forms of diarrhea that can cause this. Insurance or not, your health is worth spending money, just like you would spend money to fix your car....or your computer....or cell phone.  ....only if the boil had teeth. Use hot compresses, but if the boil is getting worse, see your medical provider so it can be properly treated. Treatment may include lancing the boil to relieve the pus and/or antibiotics.  Follow your doctor's instructions....you can take both on the same day without problems.  No, I can't say this is "common", but it does happen. You will need to see your medical provider to be properly examined and treated. It may be good to culture one of those boils to see what organism is causing the issue (usually Staph).  It can bad breath, but finding the underlying cause would be very desirable. Start with seeing the dentist....  It depends on the TYPE of dermatitis. The word "dermatitis" is very vague and only means inflammation of the skin. There can thousands of types of dermatitis.  You probably won't find it....it most likely was BLACK TAR that used to be sold in metal containers. As a grandfather myself, I remember this from my youth. You can use hot water compresses for the same effect.  No...I don't think you can "heal" are hole in your tooth by supplements and oils. I am not sure what you are reading, but I would question the validity of those claims.  Yes...E.coli can be one of the possible pathogens since this bacteria quite prevalent in the neighborhood.  You may have heard alot, but I have not. I have no idea what "oil pulling" is, so could you please post another question and explain? I may not be able to provide you an answer, but you can provide ME with some information.  I cannot blindly treat what you are calling a "heat boil" over the Internet. You will need to see a physician in India again for a second opinion. You may need an antibiotic but this is just a guess since I have no way of examining you. Sorry.  It may have sometime to do with your fall/winter attire. Many of these boils start out as folliculitis (an infection around the hair follicles), so heat and/moisture in this area can be contributory to seasonal outbreaks. I don't know if you are shaving in this area, but this, too, can be a factor.  No. In order for a medical provider to determine that nature of any skin lesion, they would need to examine your son first-hand. A vague description of "sores" just isn't specific enough to narrow down the many, many possibilities.  Virtually ANYTHING can cause hives, and coconut oil could be one of the possibilities if you had contact with it.  You will not likely find any medical provider who will do that. Making a determination about a skin lesion (cancer or not) is more that just the visual appearance. It is the location, size, elevation, etc.....AND a careful medical history. Since you don't know what it is, I would not suggest any home removal techniques. Get an expert...your regular medical provider or a dermatologist to make this very important decision.  Herpes simplex virus can be spread in that manner IF this person had herpes and you were susceptible to getting it. Since many people have antibodies for herpes already from a past infection (even from a child), you may not be susceptible. If you are, then keep in mind that not all exposed people will get it. If you were exposed, only time will tell....herpes can take several weeks to a few months after exposure before you may see an herpetic break out. Sadly, brushing your teeth, using Listerine, and wiping off that pipe beforehand did not lower your risk.  No, I am sorry, but mineral oil will be an effective treatment for an ear infection.  Olive oil, or any oil for that matter, doesn't get rid of earwax. It may hard earwax, but in order to remove excess wax, you would need to follow up with a . Washing the ear out with warm water is the safest way to wash out excess ear wax. Olive oil is safe to use in an ear canal to soften ear wax, assuming the ear drum is intact (no rupture or tubes). If there is ear pain or other signs of infection, oil should not be used. Remember that earwax is a beneficial coating to the ear canal, protecting it from water and other moisture. It is not dirt. In most cases, it does not need to be removed unless there is a wax impaction. The use of Q-tips is never indicated in the ear.  I can't examine your ear over the Internet, but I suspect your olive oil-based ear drops have softened/liquefied your ear wax to the point where you now have a complete blockage lying against your eardrum. If you are not having any ear pain or signs of an ear infection, you can safely wash out your ear with a gentle stream of warm water (you can use an ear syringe or the shower). This will likely dislodge this waxy mass and your hearing will be miraculously improved. Do NOT use Q-tips, or you will pack the wax in more tightly.  As much as I would like to help you, it would not be prudent to attempt to diagnose this skin lesion based on a few photographs, let alone offer you patient-specific treatment. Dermatological diagnoses require more than just a hands-on visual examination. It requires an extensive medical history, family history, and a tactile exam. Even then, a dermatologist may recommend a pathological exam (a tiny biopsy or excision) in order to confirm a diagnosis. You will need to SEE a medical professional in order to be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. Unfortunately, this cannot....and should not be done on-line.  Tight pants can rub on sensitive skin. If the skin is irritated, it becomes more prone to an infection from surface bacteria. A boil can be Staph, so this should be promptly treated. You may find looser jeans more comfortable until this boil resolves.  No. Tea tree oil does not prevent head lice.  I would not treat a 12 month old baby with medically-diagnosed asthma with ANY oregano. This baby needs to be under the proper MEDICAL treatment for asthma, not herbs or Italian spices..  That would depend on the particular bacteria that is causing the boil. This is why medical provider order a CULTURE and SENSITIVITY report -- to determine the bug and the drug this best to use. While Keflex could work for some, many boils are Staph or even MRSA, so Keflex would NOT be the antibiotic of choice.  Up to 50% of women who present with symptoms of a urinary tract infection have something else. Similar symptoms can be caused by urethral irritation (the opening where you pee), and this irritation can be caused by yeast, a vaginal infection, dryness, irritation for clothes/soaps/detergents/dryer softeners, sexual intercourse, or even dryness associated with peri-menopause. Your may need to see your medical provider so that you can be properly examined.  Assuming your diagnosis of a wart is correct, freezing may be the preferred method because of its location. Duct tape would be worthless on your lip.....tea tree oil has not proven to be effective....and salicylic acid products (like Compound W) is really not recommended for facial areas, like the lip.  I don't think you will find this to be true. There is no medical evidence that proves that castor oil, olive oil, or Vaseline will help your eyebrows grow.  Either one is fine, assuming your primary care doctor is comfortable in lancing these things and taking a wound culture to identify the "bug" (usually Staph). Because you are a diabetic, you may be more prone to these things, and more prone to infections that can get out of hand, so please do not delay getting treatment.  ...As long as you're on municipal water there is no need to boil it. The powder doesn't mix well in ice-cold water -- lukewarm tap water works best. Remember, tap water is what heart surgeons wash their hands in. It's very close to sterile, and much more stringently controlled and monitored-- by law-- than bottled water. Don't waste your money and don't contribute to growing landfills by buying bottled water, except for maybe those times when you need a bottle to travel (even then, refillable bottles are cheap and work just as well!).  See your obstetrician, or get to an emergency room. You are in premature labor, and a doctor needs to monitor your condition. A baby born too soon may be at risk for complications. DO NOT TAKE ANYTHING -- GET TO A HOSPITAL IMMEDIATELY.  Your condition sounds quite challenging. Boils all over the body may be secondary to an altered immune system, an opportunistic staph infection, or a hereditary condition of the sweat glands referred to as hidradenitis suppurativa. Your first step is to undergo a complete examination by your internist, including a comprehensive blood panel to determine if there are any underlying medical causes for your skin changes.  The following doses have been studied in scientific research: : For high triglycerides: 1-4 grams/day of fish oils. For high blood pressure: Either 4 grams of fish oils or fish oils providing 2.04 grams of EPA and 1.4 grams of DHA per day. For atrial fibrillation (one of the chambers of the heart doesnt empty properly and this increases the risk of blood clot formation leading to stroke): Eating tuna or baked or broiled fish providing omega-3 fatty acids (fish oils) one or more times per week seems to reduce the risk of atrial fibrillation in patients aged 65 or older compared to consuming fish once per month or less. But there is no benefit from eating fried fish or a fish sandwich. For kidney problems related to using cyclosporine to prevent organ transplant rejection: 12 grams/day containing 2.2 grams EPA and 1.4 grams DHA. For reducing the overall risk of death and risk of sudden death in patients with coronary heart disease: Fish oils providing 0.3-6 grams of EPA with 0.6 to 3.7 grams of DHA. For treating asthma in children: 17-26.8 mg/kg EPA and 7.3-11.5 mg/kg DHA. For preventing and reversing the progression of hardening of the arteries: 6 grams/day of fish oil for the first three months, followed by 3 grams/day thereafter. For rheumatoid arthritis: Fish oils providing 3.8 grams/day of EPA and 2 grams/day DHA. For attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A specific supplement containing fish oils 400 mg and evening primrose oil 100 mg (Eye q, Novasel) six capsules daily. For preventing miscarriage in women with antiphospholipid antibody syndrome and a history of past miscarriage: 5.1 grams fish oils with a 1.5 EPA:DHA ratio. For painful menstrual periods: A daily dose of EPA 1080 mg and DHA 720 mg. For Raynauds syndrome: A daily dose of 3.96 grams EPA and 2.64 grams DHA. For weight loss: A daily serving of 2-7 ounces of fish containing approximately 3.65 grams omega-3 fatty acids (0.66 gram from EPA and 0.60 gram from DHA). For slowing weight loss in patients with cancer: 7.5 grams/day of fish oils providing EPA 4.7 grams and DHA 2.8 grams. For improving movement disorders in children with poor coordination (dyspraxia): Fish oils providing DHA 480 mg combined with 35 mg arachidonic acid and 96 mg gamma-alpha linoleic acid from evening primrose oil, 24 mg thyme oil, and 80 mg vitamin E (Efalex). For developmental coordination disorder in children: Fish oil providing EPA 558 mg and DHA 174 in 3 divided doses. For depression along with conventional antidepressants: Fish oils 9.6 grams/day. For keeping veins open after coronary bypass surgery: 4 grams/day of fish oil containing EPA 2.04 grams and DHA 1.3 grams. For preventing the collapse of arteries opened by balloon therapy (PTCA): 6 grams/day of fish oil starting one month before PTCA and continuing one month after PTCA, followed by 3 grams of fish oil daily thereafter for six months. For reducing and preventing the long-term continuous rise in blood pressure and to preserve kidney function after heart transplantation: 4 grams/day of fish oils (46.5% EPA and 37.8% DHA). For preventing clotting after placement of a tube for dialysis: 6 grams/day of fish oils. For preserving kidney function in patients with severe IgA nephropathy: 4-8 grams/day of fish oil has been used. For combined high triglycerides and high cholesterol: Fish oils providing EPA 1800-2160 mg and DHA 1200-1440 mg combined with garlic powder 900-1200 mg/day has been used to lower total cholesterol, LDL, triglycerides, and the ratios of total cholesterol to HDL, and LDL to HDL.  Coconut Oil has insufficient evidence for: 	 Head lice . Developing research shows that a spray containing coconut oil, anise oil, and ylang ylang oil appears to be effective for treating head lice in children. It seems to work about as well as a spray containing chemical insecticides. Psoriasis . Applying coconut oil to the skin before treatment of psoriasis with ultraviolet B (UVB) or psoralen and ultraviolet A (PUVA) light therapy doesn't seem to improve effectiveness of the treatment. Heart disease . A study in India suggested that eating coconut or taking coconut oil doesnt seem to affect the chances of having a heart attack or developing chest pain ( angina ). Weight loss . High cholesterol . Diabetes . Chronic fatigue . Crohn's disease . Irritable bowel syndrome . Thyroid conditions . Other conditions . More evidence is needed to rate the effectiveness of coconut oil for these uses.  This could be osteomylitis and usually takes a long corse of treatment with packing and making sure their is proper drainage/and possible removal of the membrane lining the hole allowing the proper anti-biotics to take effect.  fibrous food. not overloading but introduction of it in regular diet helps a long long way.  well yes  yes  it needs to be opened up to drain boils are painful but the fluid inside is a liquid and bloody drainage use heat packs to help drain it. staff comes with fevers and body pain flue like symptoms have been described by people and the drainage is thicker yellowish stuff now MRSA is fast spreading and it goes deep into tissue it makes huge pockets of thick puss and is hard at the touch like a mass it has a hard puss that comes out in big chunks it is very very painful and high fevers and severe flue symptoms[ it is deadly] DR WILL NEED TO OPEN AND PACK WITH STERIAL GAUZE TO LET IT HEAL FROM THE INSIDE OUT.AND WILL NEED A GOOD BROADBAND ANTIBIOTIC!!!!  That's not going to do much to make your butt bigger. Taking fish oil as a vitamin supplement should help. Also, check out site: http://www.wikihow.com/Get-a-Huge-Butt  Yes  I have had this problem myself. Not being an expert, I would say the blood is caused from some tearing from having hard or large stools. I have had a problem with constipation my entire life starting as a child. I wouldn't go because I knew it would hurt & the longer I went without going the worse of course it got. I have found that taking a stool softener capsule every night has helped immensely. I just buy the generic/store brand type. 100mg capsules of Docusate Sodium & I take two every night. If you experienced more bleeding than what you say I wouldn't suggest this but I would venture to say this will help you based on my own experiences. Also...drink a lot of water!!! It will help tremendously! I hope I have been some help. Good luck to you.  You can take a soda/pop/beer bottle, wash it out. Fill half way of water and bring close to a boil. Put it over the area and it will pull it out!  When I was a kid and we would go deep sea fishing we used to use 'sea-bands' which were like bracelets that hit a certain pressure point and prevented sea sickness. I would try this before ingesting anything - especially considering that you are on medications.  canola  if you want to thin your blood then dispersable asprin in a little cold water will do the trick, but consult your doctor before you take them, thats if you want your blood thinning,or are you affraid that your blood is to thin already ?  you need to go to your dr. to have them check it out my husband has just had a rough time with this been to ER and then had to go back to family dr, he became very sick with this and its very painful and they still dont know how he got this  Also, I believe this person gave me MRSA months ago before he contracted the sepsis. He is AMA, Im pretty sure; my main concern is I have a toddler in my home? I'm scared to death, yet dont know how I could squeze a doc appt i this week!?!  Use a clean wash cloth , heat with hot water as hot as u can stand apply to infected area hold with pressure till cloth cools repeat 5 times continue until fluid starts draining then use a dressing to cover if sore does not open after repeating process for four days go see dr  use a clean wash cloth heat with hot water as hot as u can stand apply to infected area repeat 5 times or until soar opens and drains if draining cover with clean dressing if after 4 days of doing hot-compresses if soar has not opened go to DR  in my family it has been contagious just by walking into the infected persons home with never touching a thing and walking right back out and within 25-48 hours will have one so for us it has been airborn and recently when one gets a boul another gets mrsa  Sounds like you may have a boil,especially if is tender and warm to touch.  Is the medicine Zovirax or something like that? Do you have pills also? Do you think you could have washed in the shower a little too roughly? When I've gotten them (mine are actually Herpes but called them Boils for years because my husband wouldn't accept it until I made him go with me for a test last year). I do realize we get regular ole boils also. However I've never heard of bleeding. If the sore is currently Open, I would stop the medicine for a day then start back again and see how it does. Alternatively, I wish you could see or talk to a Nurse or Dr., but if you're on here you may not be able to do that. Another thing I've found soothing is putting a warm Chamomile tea bag on there for 1/2 hour; I got that from hubby- he brings me a bowl of hot water to keep rinsing & "steeping" the tea bag. When you wash, just Blot with a clean cloth (don't re-use until washed) / water only until healed better. The Emergency Room taught me that because I became allergic to soap & all ointments when I had any infections, etc. It helps alot.  if they are dry and scaly it could be eczema.  yes  A weird trick my dermatologist gave me when antibiotics failed was apple cider vinegar by applying it to acne twice a day for a couple minutes to get rid of old skin cells due to the acidic levels which replaces them with new healthier cells. This personally has helped me a lot and as weird as it sounds, eating nutritional foods was the other tip she told me so foods rich in vitamin a, c, and e help a lot but stay away from saturated and trans fats along with processed foods. Also I found out on WebMD that 30-100 mg of zinc a day will help decrease the oil produced by body. Gives this a try as all are very inexpensive compared to the antibiotics and creams dermatologists prescribe.  no  yes  Anytime of the day, other than late at night and moderation.  yes  i have had mrsa boils since november 2013 4 to be exact now i have another one do i still need to go to the doctor to get more antibiotics????  heat at the site, tempurature(could start out low grade the become high), pus from cyst, fatigue, body aches-----any or all of those or anything similar to that  Instead of taking a lot of vitamin pills, get back on the prenatals. I am 23 and I have had 4 children. The doctors told me I can keep taking the prenatals if I would like to because of all the vitamins, so it is safe to keep taking prenatals if you would like to. I think it would be better than to take a lot of different ones when you can take 1. Hope that helps.  www.vitiligotcm.com    There is a program called OraWellness which claims to kill bad bacteria in the mouth to prevent cavities and tooth loss. You can learn more at orawellness.com  IF its MRSA or worse than a big pimple then go see the doc - i had a boil on my knee at 9 yrs old -couldn't bend my knee much or walk so FINALLY mom (our doctor in the house LOLs) got out the epsom salt in warm water on towel + put it on knee for a few hours -then poked n drained it + did that again the next days = in a few days it quit hurting + cleared up w/in a week never had no more boils = whenever Id see any big pimple start to hurt Id pop it n drain it n put aloe vera or honey on it + drink more green tea + it goes away  Don't know.  I dont believe so, make sure you take antibiotics as prescribed and finish them. Staph will come back and if you do not take antibiotics as prescribed and finish them, you may end up with MRSA. Good luck!  Argan oil is the best to reduce signs of aging and wrinkles. It is indeed rich in antioxidants. For further information I suggest you check out this website http://arganoils.com/arganoil.html It's a great source of information.   to the morning diet shall also help do the trick.     is an antibitoic often perscribed for intense bacteria infections and is double the strength of Bactrim. It is effective against bacteria that have a knack for developing the ability to resist other antibiotics (i.e. MRSA). You doc may have thought you could have MRSA. You could have a nasel swab to test for MRSA or the boil secretions to be sure, but think this is a good option if the doctor thinks your infection is intense enough.  There is an ointment you can get from your pharmacist. It looks like the black tar but has a different name. It is kept behind the counter, and works wonders.  Had simalar problem and could not get any answers. Researched simalar conditions for over two years. finally found a possibile answer, (not a cure but keeps them at bay). Cut Out All Pork Out of your diet. Read all Labels and take caution, no chips fried in pork fat, no lunch meat, no canned meats, etc.,etc., It took me about three months for the bacteria, enzymes, ??? what ever it is in pork to get purged out of my system, and it worked. Have not had any reoccurances since then. It may be worth a shot, ain't gonna hurt. Good Luck.  How do I register?  How do I find some practitioner who will administer ear washin?  Yes it can contribute to COPD symptoms. You should not be exposing yourself to any chemicals. Home heating fuel, oil, when the furnace is not working properly can release fumes and oil into the air. This sounds like an OSHA issue (if in the States), you should not be exposed to this nor should anyone else be exposed.  I have had the same prob i was told was an infecton in your body.if not treated properaly could turn into a staff infection.you will need to see a doctor and get antibiodics(bacterial kind) and simply change a few things,such as: do not share towles,wash clothes,razors and toothbrush with any one else.and use antbacteril sope.hope this helped  I don't know boils are an infection deep under the skin, but you should have it looked at by your doctor.  Looking beautiful and young is dream of every human, yes oiling your body once in a week is a good practice, but can also consider the resveratrol as part of practice, it helped me a lot in uplifting those ugly wrinkles from my face, and it also helpful in preventing hair loss. I suggest you to go for the and the .  There is a difference in both. Cod liver oil also contains the vitamin A and Vitamin D, cod liver oil is manufactured from the liver of fishes of cod family, the cod family fishes able to produce the oil in the liver that's why it is called cod live oil. The fish oil is produced from the fatty layers of flesh from fish, it is not from the liver of fish, and that is why it contains high level of EDP and DHA but doesn't contains the vitamins. There are some supplements which are the combination of fish oil and resveratrol, which are very much beneficial. I must suggest, not all fatty acids are bad, the fatty acids of fish oil are superb and when combine with the it is amazing. Know more about the resveratrol: http://www.resveratrolreviews.com/  can you tell me if it is safe for someone to take 3000 fish oil a day?  improve memory  