Before using any over the counter medication, diabetics should first discuss with their doctor whether the medication is safe and appropriate. A common medication used for runny noses is a decongestant. Decongestants are available either as a pill or as a nasal spray. Common decongestants found in pill form include pseudoephedrine and phenylephrine. Both of these ingredients may raise blood glucose and blood pressure levels. People with diabetes should only use decongestants cautiously and under the direction of a doctor. Because of its misuse and side effects, pseudoephedrine is found behind the pharmacy counter. This measure means that pharmacists can make sure that pseudoephedrine is being used appropriately. Phenylephrine may be found on the store shelves. Remember that many cold medications contain multiple ingredients. Be sure to read carefully all the ingredients in a preparation. Many cold preparations contain non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS) such as ibuprofen (Advil) or naproxen (Aleve). These agents can be harmful to the kidneys of diabetics and, if pain is not an issue, may not be needed. Therefore, buying separate ingredients rather than a combination medication may be safer. A nasal decongestant works more quickly than a decongestant taken by mouth. This preparation is sprayed into each nostril. Nasal decongestants usually do not have a significant effect on blood glucose or blood pressure levels because their effect is mainly local. However, if used excessively, they can have effects on glucose and blood pressure. The important downside to nasal decongestants is a possible rebound effect that makes your nose even more congested if you use them for more than 3 to 5 days. For that reason, they are best for short-lived colds and not for persistent allergies. Saline nasal sprays are safe for diabetics and do no affect blood glucose levels. Nasal strips are another good option and are available over the counter. The strips work by mechanically opening the nostrils. Antihistamines are a commonly used for a runny nose. Antihistamines can help dry a runny nose due to an allergy, but are not helpful for a runny nose due to the common cold. Antihistamines do not raise blood glucose levels and are usually safe for diabetics. However, some of the older over-the counter antihistamines cause sleepiness. This can be a real problem in diabetics, especially when combined with sedatives or alcohol. Diphenhydramine (Benadryl) is an antihistamine that causes sleepiness, but fexofenadine (Allegra), loratadine (Claritin) and cetirizine (Zyrtec) are less sedating. The most important step, though, in treating your symptoms is to be sure you have the correct diagnosis. Go over your symptoms and signs with your doctor. Many times, what seems to be an allergy may in fact be a bacterial sinus infection. Bacterial sinus infections are common in diabetics and need to be treated with antibiotics, which are only available by prescription. So dont rush out and buy an over-the-counter preparation without first talking with your provider.  It IS possible to have both at the same time but if you think you go ta yeast infestion from sex, is it possible that you may have an STD rather than a yeast infection? If the OTC meds don't take care of the problem in the number of days you are supposed to use it, I'd definitely get checked for an STD.  My wife has been diagnosed with Congestive Heart Failure (COPD), Cardiomyopathy, and Cardio Arrhythmia more than 15 years ago. She also has lung disease in the form of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), and Asthma. She has had a painful recovery from a full knee replacement surgery 8 months ago and periodically takes Tylenol to reduce inflammation, and control pain. Her cardiologist supports Tylenol as her OTC drug of choice. It is always a smart decision to discuss all over-the-counter medications with your physician before starting an OTC medication regimen. Many of these OTC treatments contain ingredients that may interact with other medications and/or be contraindicated for cardiac patients.  From the tone of your question, it appears that you suffer from intense back pain. Severe back pain can control your life and needs to be medically assessed. I suspect that you'll be disappointed with OTC medications to treat your back pain as they probably won't touch your pain. With that said, you may consider taking Ibuprofen. Ibuprofen is available OTC in a strength of 200 mg. Prescription strengths of Ibuprofen are available in 400 mg., 600 mg., and 800 mg. Therefore you could buy OTC Ibuprofen and take up to 4 pills to provide you with the maximum 800 mg. strength. This practice should only be considered to gain some short term relief (2-3 weeks max). It should also be noted that like most medications, Ibuprofen can have serious side effects and even cause stomach ulcers. It should be taken with a meal or milk and the daily dosage should not exceed 3200 mg. My suggestion is to see a pain management specialist who can prescribe something stronger and assess possible back damage and provide other treatment options. Physical therapy and biofeedback may also help or you may need a prescribed narcotic to obtain pain resolution.  Metoprolol , according to the FDA is a prescribed beta-blocker approved to treat heart complications such as hypertension, heart pain /angina,and prevents heart attacks by controlling heart beating,high blood pressure, and the dilating of blood vessels. I am doubtful that any over the counter medication can truly mimic the effects of Metoprobol. Never just stop Metoprobol without the doctors approval. Feeling sleepy for most of the day can be an annoying side-effect of your heart meds, but I suggest that you speak with your cardiologist before consider stopping Metoprobol and starting any over the counter product. Some options to control your sleepiness may include dosage reductions or changing to a similar acting beta blocker that does not cause you to be exhausted. Your cardiologist weighed the potential side effects and interactions with other medications against the possible benefits. The conclusion determined that the benefit to asking Metoprolol was in your best interest. With that said, there are a few anecdotal accountings of herbs imitating the actions of metopropobol as follows: Hawthorn- is a shrub with a long history of medicinal use for the heart. The leaves, berries, and flowering blooms have been used by individuals specializing herbal mixology to treat arrhythmias & other cardiovascular diseases. Linden- is a tree with yellow flowering blooms. Some herbalist claim in usefulness in treating high blood pressure. Motherwort- Herbalist report that it reduces blood pressure and slows the heart rate down. Some of the down sides of replacing your cardiac medicines with these herbs are the lack of scientific studies on their effectiveness and possible side-effects. The FDA has not approved their usage for heart usage. Even some proponents of these herbs clearly warn that these natural ingredients should never be taken with other heart medications. Conclusion: I am not against the using of some herbs in daily life. Just discuss and obtain your doctors approval before jumping into the use of herbs to replace cardiac meds. My answer was intended to be helpful and respectful. I wish you a long life.  The list within the bolded hyperlink represents 50 different OTC and Prescription Medications available to treat Hemorrhoids. This list was obtained from a WebMD article whose link is included directly below this sentence. http://www.webmd.com/drugs/condition-1701-Hemorrhoids.aspx?diseaseid=1701&diseasename=Hemorrhoids When you open this link you'll immediately see which medications are available as OTC, By Prescription only and indicated for hemorrhoid treatment, and other hemorrhoid medications that are by prescription only , but written by the doctor as an "Off Label Usage". Reviews for many of these medications are also available within this article to compare patient opinions on the drug's efficacy.  Saline nasal sprays or mists can be applied to the nasal cavity. Avoid sharing spray bottles with other members of the family. There are many types of nasal sprays available in the OTC aisle; be sure to ask your pharmacist for help with product selection.  I think it may be yeast fungus. A yeast shampoo from your doc may help. Take charge now. Your hair can fall out.  As per your query it seems you are having a severe back pain. And I can understand that you are feeling very seek and also feel trouble to do your household works. So, I would love to tell you that you can have Soma 350 mg for back pain relief as it is very fast and effective muscle pain relief medicine. And it is easily available to online pharmacies like: Meds247online. So, you may have it as soon as possible to get relief.  It could be seasonal allergy Rhinitis. It occurs at the time of season changes and people easily get such symptoms. So, you need to treat it by having medicines like Allegra. Such seasonal allergies are caused due to dust and pollen etc. So, to treat it you may opt for Allegra which is effective non-sedating antihistamine medicine that is intended to be used to treat for relieving allergy symptoms such as hay fever, itchy eyes, runny nose and others. Allegra is easily available on online drug pharmacy Drugpillstore.  Although some diet pills may work to promote weight loss and boost energy, are the side effects really worth it? Take Alli , for example, the first FDA approved over-the-counter weight loss pill. Some of the side effects of Alli include oily or fatty stools and difficulty controlling bowel movements that can cause leakage into undergarments. Also, although rare, a more serious problem is possible liver damage. Keep in mind that Alli is actually approved by the FDA, undergoing a very extensive process, while many other pills or supplements have no additional research to verify their claims or identify risks. The answer is simple: diet pills cant replace healthy lifestyle behavior changes like implementing an exercise routine or eating whole food to promote weight loss.  yes  Freckles: To lighten them, regular home peels can be helpful. SPF 30 broad spectrum is a must daily. Also wear a broad-brimmed hat if you are on the beach. Retin-A and natural lightening agents can be helpful, as well. For in-office procedures, stronger peels can be done. The Triad, the IPL, or even the Medlite; all are designed to lighten freckles. Scars: OTC scar treatments include Mederma and wearing sunblock. In-office procedures include the Vbeam laser and laser toning. The Vbeam pulse dye lasers reduce the redness of a scar and the toning can soften the scar. Fraxel is another great treatment for scars that have been present for a long time. Fraxel helps to smooth the surface. For raised scars, silicone gel sheeting will help to shrink them. Also cortisone injections help shrink thick itchy scars (keloids).  Taking Diet Pills will only curb your appetite, they will not help you stay healthy. They can also lead to an addiction. You do need to do some form of Exercise, like walking or Biking.  I like both actually. I think that over-the-counter retinols have come a very, very long way, and for some people who cannot tolerate prescription products, over-the-counter products are just fine. So for a lot of my patients, especially ones who are in their 20s, or even early 30s, I often recommend going to the drugstore and getting retinols over-the-counter as part of their skincare regimen. However, for most patients who can tolerate the stronger higher concentration prescription retinoids, something like Retin-A or Tazorac. I think those are really great products for younger people in helping treat acne, and over time, to help your skin cells turn over to more normal, healthy, natural way, that helps keep your skin looking young and health over time.  You can use products developed for use on the face. Look for ingredients such as retinoids (retinol, retinyl propionate, and others), peptides, vitamin C, niacinamide, caffeine, grape seed extract, marine extract, and other antioxidants.  There are no over-the-counter versions of Latisse. There are products that call themselves eyelash conditioners, but Latisse is an FDA-approved product that contains a drug that would not be legally available in OTC products. The good news is that Latisse is eye-safe, has FDA approval, and is highly effective for growing lashes.  There are no over-the-counter versions of Latisse. There are products that call themselves eyelash conditioners, but Latisse is an FDA-approved product that contains a drug that would not be legally available in OTC products. The good news is that Latisse is eye-safe, has FDA approval, and is highly effective for growing lashes.  You can use products developed for use on the face. Look for ingredients such as retinoids (retinol, retinyl propionate, and others), peptides, vitamin C, niacinamide, caffeine, grape seed extract, marine extract, and other antioxidants.  I'm sorry you're having symptoms like mood swings and hot flashes. That sounds unpleasant! I want to let you know that these symptoms can be caused by things other than a lack of estrogen. Usually, one ovary can provide enough female hormones to keep a woman from getting the symptoms you describe. So, I'd recommend you get checked out by a health care provider to see if your estrogen levels really are causing these symptoms or if it's something else. In answer to your question, there is no such thing as an "over the counter estrogen pill." Estrogen is a regulated substance that can only be obtained by prescription. There are many over-the-counter products that claim to improve menopause symptoms. These products usually are herbal supplements. Many women say these products do help them with the symptoms of menopause. While these products generally are safe to take, keep in mind they are not regulated in the same way drugs are. Use your best judgement when taking any over-the-counter product, even if it's labeled as "natural," "all-natural," or "herbal." I hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. Burns can be so painful! First, I want to suggest you stop using hydrogen peroxide on your burn area. It won't help, and it could actually keep the wound from healing in. All you need to do to clean the burn is use cool water and plain soap. Gently pat dry. Then apply an antibiotic ointment. Your choice of Neosporin is great! You can keep the burn covered, if you'd like. Please do not self-medicate with oral antibiotics. These medications should be taken only as directed by your health care provider for the specific infection they were prescribed for. An oral antibiotic may not even be necessary for a burn. You didn't say how long ago you sustained this burn, but you certainly could make an appointment with your primary care provider to take a look at it. He or she will be able to better assess the wound and advise you how to care for it. I hope you feel better soon!  Boy, do I hear you -- because I have the same thing! Some people simply have a chronically runny nose. Usually, the fluid is clear and thin. This condition is called " ." This means your runny nose isn't related to any allergic cause. If eating spicy or hot foods makes this problem worse, the medical term for it is "gustatory rhinitis" or "gustatory rhinorrhea." Either way, there's no cure. There's no cure for non-allergic rhinitis, either. If you've tried over-the-counter pills and prescription nasal sprays without relief, I'm not sure what to suggest. More hankies? Sorry I can't be of more help, but at least take comfort in knowing you're not alone: About 20 million Americans suffer from non-allergic rhinitis. Take care!  Thanks for your question. I understand your situation. Some of these prescription medications can be very expensive. You might start by asking your pharmacist of there's a generic alternative to yet. It would be irresponsible of me (or anyone else) to make specific drug recommendations in a forum like this because these choices must take into account your complete medical history. However, I'm willing to share some widely available public information with you. Pantoprazole belongs to a category of drugs called "proton pump inhibitors." Generally speaking, all of the drugs in this category end with the suffix "azole." Some other examples of proton pump inhibitors include omeprazole (Prilosec, Zegerid) and lansoprazole (Prevacid). Although each of these drugs is a proton pump inhibitor, they all work slightly differently, and For example, 20mg of pantoprazole (Protonix) is NOT equivalent to 20mg of lansoprazole (Prevacid). It's very important you do not self-dose. If you choose to try an over-the-counter proton pump inhibitor medication, you should use it according to the package instructions. Your best bet is to consult the prescribing doctor by phone or ask your pharmacist which alternative medication may be right for you if you can't afford your pantoprazole. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry you're going through this and that the medications didn't give you any relief. When symtpoms persist after treatment, it's always a good idea to return to the doctor to update him or her and get reevaluated. I'd suggest you do just that. Tinea barbae is a type of , which is an inflammation of the hair follicle (the part of the hair that's embedded in your skin) caused by an infection. Tinea barbae is caused by a fungus, which is why your health care provider prescribed an anti-fungal cream (clotrimazole) to treat it. However, since that didn't work, it's time to get the rash re-checked. I'd suggest you also share with your doctor that over-the-counter lotions and creams made the rash worse. If possible, tell him or her specifically which items you used. That may help get you a better diagnosis. Good luck to you!  That's a very good question. Unfortunately, the answer is no. Any time the skin is cut with an incision, a scar will develop. That's just the plain truth. There are several things you can do after surgery to minimize the appearance of a scar, but it will always be there. After your incision has healed (and after your surgeon has given his permission), you can try massaging the scar several times a day using as much pressure as you can tolerate. A scar is basically a buildup of fibrous tissue. The more you massage this tissue and break it up, the less noticeable the scar may be. You don't need to use a fancy product while doing this scar massage, either. Plain lotion is fine. It's the mechanical action of the massage that matters. When I was a plastic surgery nurse, the surgeon I worked for always told patients to avoid applying pure Vitamin E oil to any incision. This can cause reddening of the scar in some people. However, a lotion or cream containing Vitamin E is fine. Remember that your scar should continue to fade over time. If your scar is unattractive to you, there are some relatively new products on the market called silicone sheets or gel patches that seem to work quite well to help minimize scars. They're also rather expensive. Reminder: NO scar massage before your surgeon says it's OK. Your incision needs to be fully healed before you start massaging it. Wishing you all the best for a successful surgery and speedy recovery!  Oh, ouch! That sounds painful! For those who don't know, the frenulum linguae (sometimes called the lingual frenulum) is that piece of sail-like tissue that attaches the tongue to the floor of the mouth. You're wise to be concerned about infection. The main sign you should watch for is a fever over 101F, along with generally feeling crappy -- as if you might be coming down with the flu. Those would both be indications to seek medication attention. In the meantime, you might try gently rinsing with antiseptic mouthwash a couple of times a day (don't go overboard with this, as that could be counterproductive). You can continue to brush your teeth, but spit gently. The good news is your tongue (and mouth, in general) tend to heal quickly. You probably will be all healed up within a couple of weeks, tops. If your frenulum linguae doesn't heal or if it gets swollen, angry, and red, then I'd suggest you see a doctor. Chances are you won't have to resort to that, though. Hope this helps!  Real testosterone supplements are a controlled substance that can only be obtained by prescription. The so-called "male enhancement" products you hear advertised cannot, by law, contain testosterone or any other controlled substance. However, a number of these male enhancement pills have been recalled and confiscated over the past few years by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) because they contained illegal and unlabeled amounts of prescription drugs designed to treat erectile dysfunction. This tells me that these supplements may not be safe to take. It may be difficult to tell exactly what's in them. If you believe you have low testosterone or have male performance issues, I suggest you consult a medical professional. He or she will treat your concerns with sensitivity and dignity. Many of these problems can be effectively treated. And, no: "low-T" is not an epidemic. Men naturally produce less testosterone as they age. For some men, this causes problem getting or sustaining an erection, loss of libido, and loss of energy. If you fall into this category, you certainly may want to seek treatment because testosterone therapy has been shown to improve these symptoms. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry you feel your sex drive isn't where it should be. Sexual health is a very important part of our overall well-being. If you don't have health insurance, I'm assuming you have not had your testosterone levels checked with a blood test. I wouldn't assume your testosterone levels are low just because you're having an issue with your sex drive. Unfortunately, there are a lot of so-called "male enhancement" products out there that claim to help with erectile dysfunction and low testosterone, but these products may not have any scientific backing -- and some have been shown to illegally contain prescription medications. To be clear, the only thing that can raise testosterone levels is testosterone replacement therapy (like a prescription gel), and you can only get that from a health care provider. Erectile dysfunction (not being able to get an erection or only being able to get a poor quality erection) can be a sign of a larger health issue. If you're experiencing problems getting an erection, I would encourage you to see a health care provider for an evaluation. Even without health insurance, you may be able to be seen at a free or low-cost clinic. You can get information about low-cost health services by calling a local hospital or even your city's information office. Best wishes to you!  My gut response to this is: None of them. Diet pills are not the answer for long-term weight loss and energy. The best way to lose weight and increase energy is simple. Eat a healthy, balanced diet and exercise regularly (at least three times a week). If you do just these two things, and do them consistently, you'll lose weight, keep it off, and probably see your energy level rise considerably. Check out for plenty of tips of on how safely lose weight and keep it off for good! All the best to you!  No, there isn't. is a prescription medication that reduces the production of glucose (sugar) by the liver. There is no over-the-counter equivalent to this drug. Metformin is prescribed mainly to people with to help control their blood sugar levels. If you have been diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes, and your healthcare provider has prescribed metformin for you, it's very important you take it as prescribed. If cost is a problem for you, talk to your healthcare provider about this issue. Your provider or diabetes educator may be able to work with you on other ways to help control your blood sugar, such as through exercise and diet. Usually, metformin is used in combination with lifestyle changes, so if you're not already exercising and following a diabetes diet, you can possibly reduce your need for medications like metformin by working harder on these lifestyle changes. WebMD offers a very active and supportive to help you get your diabetes under control. I encourage you to check it out! I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're dealing with this. It sounds exhausting. Although you don't have insurance, you need to get checked out by a doctor. Chronic can have many bad side effects, such as causing a mineral imbalance that affects your heart. Most cities, even small ones, offer free or low-cost health care clinics. Some of these clinics allow people to pay on a sliding fee scale. This means the fee is based on your income and expenses. You can get information about these clinics by contacting your local Medicaid office. Or use a search engine and type in the name of your city, followed by "free health clinics." Meanwhile, it's very important you drink plenty of water. Chronic diarrhea can cause severe dehydration. I wish you all the best in getting the problem diagnosed and treated.  There is nothing over the counter, however the manufacturer of the drug used to prevent outbreaks (Valtrex) does have a patient assistance program which, once you sign up, will mail you a 3 month supply of the drug at one time. When that three months is almost over you will receive the next package. At the end of a year, you'll have to be reassessed, but if you still don't have insurance you will still qualify. The manufacturer is Glaxo-Smith Kline, the name of the program is Bridges to Access, and here's the link: http://www.bridgestoaccess.com/ I hope this helps!!  Common causes of cough include nasal allergy with post-nasal drip, acid reflux and asthma. Do you have nasal congestion, sneezing and drip? I agree that a trial of antihistamines is helpful. You can consider adding on a sinus rinse, and talk to your doctor about a nasal steroid spray to help decrease the drainage. Do you experience any heartburn symptoms? Do you feel short of breath? I would let your doctor know if you have persistant cough as additional therapies or investigations may be warranted.  There are three different types of nasal sprays used for allergy relief: corticosteroids, antihistamines, and decongestants. If you need relief, you would work with your ob-gyn to make sure one of these medications is right for you, especially the decongestants (the only group found over the counter). Examples of corticosteroid nasal sprays include fluticasone (Flonase), mometasone (Nasonex), budesonide (Rhinocort Aqua), flunisolide (Nasarel), triamcinolone (Nasacort AQ), and beclomethasone (Beconase AQ). Side effects can include unpleasant smell or taste, nasal irritation, and nosebleeds. These medications are much less likely to cause any side effects than are oral corticosteroids. Prescription antihistamine nasal sprays include azelastine (Astelin, Astepro) and olopatadine (Patanase). Side effects of antihistamine nasal spray may include bitter taste, dizziness, drowsiness or fatigue, dry mouth, headache, nasal burning, nosebleed, nausea, runny nose, sore throat, and sneezing. Examples of nasal decongestant sprays include phenylephrine (Neo-Synephrine, others) and oxymetazoline (Afrin, others). Nasal decongestants can cause dryness, burning, or stinging inside the nose, runny nose, and sneezing. Taking too much of a nasal decongestant can cause irritability, fast or irregular heartbeat, dizziness, insomnia, headaches, anxiety, tremors, and increased blood pressure. Don't use a decongestant nasal spray for more than a week or so, or you may develop severe congestion as soon as you stop taking it (rebound congestion).  Prevacid, or lansoprazole, has recently moved from prescription strength to over-the-counter. The over-the-counter dose is labeled for adults, 18 and older. This medication is intended to treat stomach ulcers or heartburn that occurs 2 or more times per week. It is not a quick fix to elevate symptoms for heartburn. It slows the production of acid within the stomach over a period of time and is taken daily for 14 days. We recommend seeking medical advice if the product needs to be taken for more than 14 days. I would not give Prevacid to your 9-year-old child. While this product is found over the counter, it still must be used according to its labeled directions in order to be safe and effective. If your child is having constant heartburn or stomach issues, seek medical advice from your pediatrician. Consider looking at the cause of the symptoms to help educate your child. For instance, eating slower, avoiding certain foods that trigger symptoms, or eating smaller portions may help his/her symptoms. While medications are readily available and sometimes seem to be the quick fix, look at preventing the symptoms by changing behaviors.  Protonix and ranitidine can both be used to treat GI ulcers, GERD, maintenance therapy for ulcer prevention, and heartburn. Both of these medications block acid production by two different mechanisms. Protonix is a proton pump inhibitor while ranitidine prevents gastric acid stimulation by blocking histamine release in the stomach. Protonix is prescription strength, while ranitidine is over-the-counter. This means that there could be a price difference, depending on the co-pays with your health insurance. Protonix does have a generic (pantoprazole) that is equally effective as the brand name. If you are thinking about switching, without knowing the severity of your stomach condition is it hard to give information as to whether ranitidine can be supplemented for Protonix. I recommend that you speak to your health-care provider about your options. These medications do work differently and the effectiveness can be different. If the symptoms have subsided, keep in mind that the medication can be the controlling factor. Therefore, it may not be necessary to switch if your current treatment is working for you.  Without knowing the exact medication his father gave him, it is really hard to say whether or not the combination is safe for your husband to take. Keep in mind, while over-the-counter medications are readily available, safety is still important. There are still drug-drug interactions that can occur, toxicities with taking too much, and it is important to take medications, whether prescription or over-the- counter, for the right reasons. Most over-the-counter sleep aids contain diphenhydramine as the active ingredient. If he was given 3 pills, he could have taken too much. Another thing to keep in mind is that many sleep aids contain a pain reliever, such as acetaminophen or ibuprofen. If he is taking Percocet, which contains oxycodone and acetaminophen, he could be taking too much acetaminophen, which can be very toxic. Mixing over-the-counter medications with prescription medications is not as simple as one would think. It is really important to check with a medical professional to make sure there is no duplication or drug-drug interactions.  This medication is not intended to be crushed or chewed, which may interfere with the absorption of the medication and decrease the effectiveness. If you are experiencing symptoms of heartburn or an ulcer, seek advice from your health-care professional. There are liquid products available also.  Over-the-counter vitamins usually have less folic acid than prescription prenatal vitamins. Also, depending on your lab results, your doctor may have prescribed more or less of some vitamins. So consult with your ob-gyn first. If your doctor approves, its fine to use over-the-counter vitamins. It is really important to make sure you are giving your body the right nutrients during this time of fetal growth.  OTC energy pills and supplements contain a large amount of caffeine, sometimes 2-3 times the amount of a cup of coffee, depending on the brand. By increasing your daily caffeine dosage, you may be increasing your risk of caffeine addiction. And too much of any stimulant has consequences for the body, such as elevated blood pressure and an increased heart rate. This could be dangerous. I would use these products with caution, or not at all.The risk can be greater than the value of the short energy boosts they provide.  Depending on the severity of your hemorrhoid condition, there are plenty of over-the-counter products that you can purchase. The over-the-counter FDA-approved products for treatment of hemorrhoids include Preparation H products and Tucks pads. Both of these products also have generics available. Preparation H has many different formulations, which contain different ingredients. Therefore, reading the label to look at the active ingredients is important. The wipes contain witch hazel, which is used as an astringent. The cream, gel, and ointment products have many different ingredients. Phenylephrine is used as a vasoconstrictor. Hydrocortisone is for anti-itch. And pramoxine serves as a local anesthetic. Either Preparation H products or Tucks pads can help temporarily relieve your symptoms, until you are able to see your health care professional. Make sure you inform your health care professional about what over-the-counter medications youve used and for how long you used them.  Salicylic acid is available at drug stores for wart removal. However, if the wart is in a very callused place, you may want to have your health care professional freeze the wart off with prescription-strength medication. Sanding the skin down can flake off the wart and transfer it to another location on the body. Seek medical advice for the quickest, safest removal.  Gas relief medications, specifically simethicone products, have been used in every age group, including infants. One important tip is to pay attention to the dosage to make sure it has a safe and effective concentration for the patient. A child, between the ages of 2-12 years, should take 40 mg of simethicone per dose with meals and at bedtime. Adults can take 80 mg-180 mg of simethicone per dose with meals and at bedtime. Check the product you have at home. Look for the active ingredient and the dose. This product is not intended to be cut in half. Make sure you follow all directions that are on the label. While over-the-counter medications are readily available for the consumer, the products are only as safe as our usage. Follow the directions and do not manipulate or deviate from them unless you have been advised by your health-care professional to do so.  Currently, the only safe over-the-counter medication for the treatment of headaches during pregnancy is Tylenol (acetaminophen). Make sure you are using a product that only contains Tylenol (acetaminophen) and not other ingredients. Remember to follow the directions according to the labeled product, or as your health care provider advises. If this medication is not working, consult your ob-gyn to find a medication that is effective, but still safe for your unborn baby.  There are caffeine pills that you can find over-the-counter to aid with energy. Products such as NoDoz, Alert, Vivarin, and Stay Awake contain 200 milligrams of caffeine and are used for energy and treatment of some migraines and headaches. Common side effects include nausea, stomach upset, insomnia, restlessness, nervousness, tremor, headache, and lightheadedness. Large amounts of caffeine may cause frequent urination, flushing, muscle twitch, or irritability. Use with caution! Too much caffeine is not healthy and can become addictive. Withdrawal can make it difficult to back off, so tapering down the dose may be necessary. Prior to use, you should discuss the risks and benefits of using caffeine supplements with your pharmacist or health-care professional. Other products consist of herbal remedies. Use caution since there isnt a standard or enough research behind these products to promote their use (NOT FDA approved).  Some antacids may pass into breast milk. However, no evidence exists that indicates that the ingestion of antacids through breast milk causes problems for nursing babies whose mothers use antacids occasionally. It is important that you check with your pharmacist about any possible interactions prior to taking an antacid. Without knowing the name of a specific antacid, it is difficult to say it is safe.  There is no stronger over-the-counter medication for headache or migraine pain relief. Headaches are very individualized. There are several over-the-counter medications you can use to alleviate painful headaches. These medications include acetaminophen (Tylenol), an effective over-the-counter analgesic (pain reliever) and antipyretic (fever reducer) medication. This medication can help with achy pain, stiffness, and fever. However, it does not have any anti-inflammatory properties. This is important for some types of headache relief. In addition, the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug class (NSAIDs) consists of products like ibuprofen (Motrin, Advil) and naproxen (Naprosyn, Aleve), which work by exhibiting analgesic relief, antipyretic, and anti-inflammatory properties. Lastly, combination products, such as Excedrin Migraine, contain acetaminophen, aspirin, and caffeine. These ingredients combined make a more powerful headache/pain reliever than the ingredients separated out alone. It is important to follow the instructions on the label of over the counter medication and not to mix products, in order to prevent overdosing or toxicity. Monitor the frequency and intensity of your migraines to know when it is time to seek professional help and possibly the addition of a prescription medication.  Over-the-counter treatments for eczema include anti-itch products that contain diphenydramine or hydrocortisone, and moisturizing lotions, such as Cetaphil, Eucerin, Aquaphor, and their generics. For more severe cases, over-the-counter regimens may need to be supplemented with a stronger steroid cream. Seek medical advice if over-the-counter treatments do not help to control your symptoms or your lesions become worse.  There is not a product to eliminate freckles. However, if you have sunspots or darker areas that have developed later in life after sun exposure, there is a prescription-strength bleaching cream that can be used to reduce the color. Whether it is freckles or sunspots, it is important to have the discoloration checked out to make sure it is not an early sign of skin cancer. A dermatologist can aid in a skin cancer screen, which takes about 15-20 minutes. The doctor can also assist with getting you a prescription for bleaching cream if the discoloration is not cancerous.  Try Prilosec OTC  For the uti problem, my doctor suggested drinking cranberry juice to prevent them not cure them. So try drinking more cranberry juice and of course water.  Premenstrual yeast infections are fairly common. The timing has been attributed to either a slight blunting of immune function at this time in the cycle, or pH changes. (Menstrual flow is alkaline and the good vaginal bacterias prefer a more acidic environment.) Yet in your specific case you mention using both an over the counter treatment (hopefully one with a truly active ingredient such as miconazole or clotrimazole) AND prescription Difulcan tablets. Frequent/recurrent yeast infections that do not respond to any of the prescribed treatments suggest a couple of POSSIBILITIES. First that yeast is not the culprit, or second that it is one of the atypical subtypes of yeast ("candida"). The easiest way to help unravel this question is to have the GYN do a yeast CULTURE the next time you have symptoms. If the culture is negative then yeast is not the cause. Some other conditions which can produce yeast type symptoms include: 1. Cytolytic vaginitis--this is an overgrowth of the beneficial, hydrogen peroxide producing lactobacili that help keep the vagina clear of undesirable bacteria. An overgrowth can produce an itchy, burning, irritating discharge. 2. Lichen sclerosus--this is a skin condition outside the vagina (usually between the vaginal opening and the anus) that can create intense itching and irritation. 3. Contact dermatitis--this would be from a change in tampons/pads, new bubble bath, etc. If the yeast culture is positive, then the lab can identify which of the yeast subtypes may be the villain. Most yeast medications are developed for candida albicans --about 80% of yeast infections are due to this. The other 20% or so are uncommon subtypes (e.g. candid glabrata). To treat the less common subtypes clinicians may try boric acid vaginally or even painting with a gentian violet (very messy!). If these are truly reoccurances of candida albicans you might need repeat or prolonged treatments. A blood sugar or hemoglobin A 1C test can be considered. If you have ever had someone give you oral sex (or you use saliva for masturbation) you may be getting exposure to yeast. Yeast is present in the gut from the mouth to the rectum. You can certainly try the so called lifestyle treatments for yeast. Additional lifestyle methods, which have been advocated for "yeast infection prevention," include: a diet low in refined sugars and simple carbohydrates, avoidance of tight jeans, use of cotton underwear, eating natural lactobacillus yogurt, and others. There are few, if any, good research studies which demonstrate that these methods are helpful, but some women swear by them. Bottom line, although it's more expensive, a yeast/candida culture may help find a diagnosis and direct treatment if this pattern persists.  Nexium is a medicine that is available over the counter and which can be used to treat heartburn symptoms but it should only be taken on a doctor's advise.  Try to freeze it off with Dr.Scholl's "Freeze Away". Repeat several times. It works, I removed one close to my eye. It takes a couple weeks to disappear completely.  It was probably Debacterol, a naturally derived treatment for Canker Sores developed around 100 years ago. Debacterol permanently resolves canker sore pain after a 5-10 second application. This singularly effective treatment for Canker Sores is not widely known, but it is still available by prescription in the United States. It is made by EPIEN Medical who maintains a website dedicated to the product -- Debacterol.com. Further information and web-based prescription services can also be found at FocusedRx.com.   Due to the fact that my dr had me on 10/650 hydrocodone/acetaminophen 8 x day for a few years my liver test were extreamly high. He even called me personally and asked if I was alive (not funny at the time). He switched me to 10mg oxycodone and no acetaminophen what-so-ever. Ibuprofen is all I'm allowed. Though my case may be rare, I don't recommend acetaminophen to be taken daily EVER. Be sure you know the warning signs, as I was vomiting alot and very tired all the time for no reason.  It is normal for it to take a good 2-3 weeks before kids are back to normal after. Was he on a prescription that was stopped? My sister just had hers out a month ago and she did really well the first few days and then went down hill a little. I also had mine out when I was young and I did the same as her. The bright side is that your son will be much healthier without them and children recover a thousand times faster than adults!  All warts wherever they are should be seen by a doctor for evaluation.  Well, they actually would all probably help; but theres a few other things that we need to know here. Does the patient want to have something thats gonna cause em drowsiness, or something thats not gonna make them tire. The other question I have is, are they actually living with the pet? You know, its one of those things that they might go over to a house once in a while occasionally where there are pets there that they have this allergic reaction to, and in that case theres different choices based on that medication. For something quick, Zyrtec or -- over-the-counter is a great choice. It will cause a little bit of tiredness; but it does work, usually within 30 minutes. Claritin is a non-drowsy one, but sometimes you have to take it for a few days before itll make you feel better. But once again, we just need a little bit more information. But if the patient can go to their pharmacist and ask them and tell them Yes, I live with the cat year-round and things like that, we can help them in the right direction as far as what product over the counter may be a good choice, or refer them to the proper healthcare professional.  These are always tricky areas, because I have to ask my patients a lot of questions. First of all, I have to ask who is it for and how long have you had it? Because in some cases, if you have diarrhea or constipation, it could be related to another condition. So I will ask my patients, have you referred this to your doctor or other healthcare provider, because there may be some other things going on. Children too, I tend to be more along the lines of calling a pediatrician first before making any recommendations, because it could be a virus. In some cases, the best therapy is just giving them some Pedialyte, keeping them hydrated, giving them some Tylenol possibly for their fever, but not really using things like Imodium or Pepto-Bismol, because that might keep the virus inside, and therefore they are not going to get better. So there are a few things that I need to know. Constipation is always a problem. But once again, it comes down to have the pharmacist asking you some questions. A lot of medications are constipating, so if I find out through your medication list; you should have a list of all your medications at all times and carry it with you, that you are on certain pain medications or certain antidepressants, these can all cause constipation. So you may have to change your diet. That's usually the number one way we want to go when treating constipation is lifestyle modifications. Adding more fiber to your diet. Increase your water intake. And not rush the harsh things like laxatives. Stool softeners are really safe in women. Women become constipated when they get pregnant. So therefore, stool softeners are safe for using them, along with changing their diet a little bit. So there are a lot of different options that are available for patients, but pharmacists are going to ask you a lot of questions, so be prepared to open up a little bit so I can help you out.  This is a great question. But of course as a pharmacist, I have to ask the patient a few questions too, because we need to find out what is the root cause. Could this be more of a virus running around and causing that nausea and vomiting, because in that case, it's really just flat Coca-Cola syrup over some ice, and just letting it pass. If it becomes very violent though and they haven't been able to keep any food or water down, you have to go in the emergency room, because dehydration could cause more problems down the road. So you want to be really careful about that. If you are pregnant, once again, you can't really take the over-the-counter products that are available, such as Meclizine, basically known as Dramamine, or also Bonine. Bonine is a chewable form of the product. These are not safe in pregnant women, so therefore they have to go more the natural route. They could possibly try; there is a wristband that they could wear around their wrist to help prevent that as well. But if it's just for motion sickness because it was on a boat; which is very common for people, or a train. The products that are available; Dramamine and Bonine, are quite effective. They may cause a little bit of tiredness, because they are actually antihistamines, and by causing the drowsiness, they are actually calming down the center in your brain that causes the nausea and vomiting. But once again as a pharmacist, I am going to ask my patients a few questions first before I can help you find the right choice.  This is a growing area. We have had a lot of consumers and patients ask about vitamin and herbal supplements. One of the things I want to let patients know is that there really isn't a lot of data on these type of things. The FDA doesn't really oversee them very strictly. They are available over-the-counter. But they could actually interact with other medications. They could interact with food. We just don't have the data to know. So I tend to advice patients that, you can take them, but follow the directions on the package. If you are not feeling well, monitor your symptoms. If you feel more groggy, if you are taking prescription medications, let your physician or healthcare provider know. Because we are finding out more and more that these products are interacting with medications, and nine times out of ten the healthcare provider wasn't aware that people were on this to begin with. So really important that you bring the bottles in, and we can write down exactly what's in these supplements, because even though it might say, contains active ingredient X, we are also finding out that the fillers or other different types of roots or powders or sugars may also lead to other direct interactions as well. So I would definitely exercise caution. If you are a beginner and having these problems with not falling asleep. Number one person you should go see is your doctor or healthcare provider to find out why are you not sleeping, and based on that, we can make effective recommendations on what your therapy should be. Keeping a diary is something that I recommend for patients; whether they are not sleeping, diabetes, high blood pressure, migraines, really helpful to have that information, and present it to physician, because in some of these cases you might go see a group of physicians. And your regular doctor may not be available. So to be able to show them that information and have it down in a diary is really valuable, and to show your pharmacist. Because we might say, oh look, on this day you started not feeling well, but look, you started two other new medications. So it really helps us put the pieces together to make sure that you are feeling the right way and that your medicine is working and its safe.  This is not common with Advil PM. Now, there are other products in the market though, so once again, we have to encourage consumers and patients to read the bottle and know what the active ingredients are. Advil PM contains Ibuprofen, and Diphenhydramine, which is really Benadryl. So if you are taking Benadryl for your allergies and now you are taking Advil PM on top of it all, that could be a problem, because you may end up with a lot of drowsiness, and actually you might feel that hangover in the morning, like oh, my head feels like it's floating, it's because you have taken too much Benadryl.  I believe that, that product actually contains an antihistamine. What patients and consumers may not be aware is that many of the over-the-counter products contain antihistamines, because they make you drowsy, thus helping you fall asleep. They are safe when used properly and follow the directions on the box. But once again, if you are taking Benadryl or you are taking other antihistamines like Zyrtec and things like that, it has what we call an additive effect; drowsy plus drowsy equals really drowsy. So you want to exercise caution when using that. A lot of people too may not realize this can cause things like dry mouth. It could cause things like constipation. When you have too much of these drugs together, they are actually drying you up and therefore leading to these other problems. We don't want to use these type of products in the elderly, because of the fact that they can help them.  I would definitely recommend seeing a doctor or a healthcare provider. One of the common causes of insomnia is pain, and we all are realizing now that your level of pain is different than my level of pain, and that could be the cause of it. The other thing is, what pain pills are we taking? Are they taking a lot of acetaminophen or Tylenol? Are they are also taking Motrin or ibuprofen? What other sleep aids are they taking on top of that? Do they realize that Tylenol PM has Tylenol in it on top of all these acetaminophen they are taking? So we want to make sure that the healthcare provider or doctor is aware of this situation. The pharmacist needs to be aware of this situation in case they are taking any prescription medications on top of it, and their pain really needs to be assessed. Even though they say it's doing okay, there are some prescription medications, or they may have to go to physical therapy; which should be better options for them and they may not have to rely on so many medications. They may also not be feeling well in general. The side effects from the medication, the drowsiness, or upset stomach, could lead to bigger problems down the road. So I would highly encourage that person to definitely consider seeing at least a primary care physician for just an evaluation and to make sure everything is in check.  This is a hot topic right now. I think what a lot of consumers and patients didn't realize is that acetaminophen is also known as Tylenol over-the-counter or APAP. In prescription medications, it's also included. So we had a lot of people taking two medications that contained a lot of Tylenol, and exceeding what we call the daily dose. If you are a healthy adult. You don't want to exceed more than 4000 milligrams a day. In the elderly, we recommend 2000 milligrams a day. We also found out that a lot of people were taking it too many times a day, not following the directions on the box. So we really want to make sure that people understand it's important to take it as directed, as per the instructions on the box. If you ever have any questions about the dosing, come and talk to the pharmacist, we will be more than happy to help you with that. We also want to make sure that you don't drink any alcohol while taking these products. And that you also want to avoid alcohol containing products. Some cough syrups still contain alcohol, and it's usually just enough that with the Tylenol in the alcohol, it actually causes an elevation in your liver enzymes. We see this a lot sometimes with people who have the flu. They tend to not feel well, they are taking a lot of cold medicines on top of Tylenol for their fever, and there has been some emergency room admissions, where peoples liver enzymes were elevated just from a few days of doing this. So that is the reason why it's a hot topic right now.  It has been in the news lately and the reason why is because children were getting multiple different types of medications, not intentionally and were exactly following the directions. The parents were kind of like, well I need to go to work, and I need to get my child to school. So they're giving them all these different types of medicines not realizing that some of them contain the same ingredients. Children were becoming very tired, they were having different types of reactions and actually some children did end up in the emergency room. The labeling and directions have actually been revised and now, most products are not recommended for use in children under four. So, as a parent when you come into the pharmacy, ask the pharmacist if they can assist you in making sure you're choosing the right product. The pharmacist is going to ask you a lot of questions including, what is your child's weight? We are finding out more and more that these medications need to be dosed on the child's weight rather than their age. Also when you get a dropper or spoon that comes with the medication, you want to keep those together. That spoon was specifically designed for that medication to make sure your child receives the right dose. Read the labels. The labels may have Tylenol Cough and Cold, but it is going to contain some products other than just Tylenol. Then you might go to a Robitussin type of product which may contain the same thing as well. Make sure everyone in the house is aware of what you might be giving your child to help their cough or cold. Sometimes we have nannies or grandparents that come over and say, oh, I'm going to give him some medication. Well, make sure everyone knows when the last time the medication was given, what was given and keep track of it. Sometimes also the best medication is no medication at all. We might want it to run its course, or it may just require something like a simple nasal drop, or running a vaporizer at night. It's as simple as that. But we really want to keep this in mind, we want to be safe, we want to make sure that parents understand that. There are lot of questions around this topic. Ask your pharmacist or the medication experts, we'll be more than happy to help you with this.  There actually is. There are products that are called Mylicon Gas Drops where the active ingredient is Simethicone. This has been approved by the FDA, it's very safe.  There is actually nothing over-the-counter that you can use for an ear infection that actually make it go away, but you can give a product like Tylenol or acetaminophen for the ear pain. Well make sure that you take your child though to their pediatrician, healthcare provider to be evaluated, and don't be alarmed if they say, we are not going to give any antibiotics. Believe it or not, in most cases, ear infections will actually resolve on their own.  Diaper rash is a common problem and I can tell you that there are a few things that parents can do to help prevent it, and then there is also ways to treat it. Preventing it, what you want to do is make sure you change the baby frequently. You don't want them to sit in a white wet diaper all the day long and by actually cleaning the area very well and letting it air dry little bit, before you put on the next diaper. You want to carry things in your house as far as wipes to make sure you clean the area throughly, and use things something like Desitin ointment, which is a zinc oxide base. It actually will create a water-tight barrier that will help prevent moisture from staying on the skin. There is also Boudreaux's Butt Paste, which is another popular product just as good as Desitin, has the same active ingredient in it. If you notice though that the rash is becoming a little bit more inflamed and red, seems to be spreading, baby is running a fever, then you want to have it checked out by your pediatrician. Because they may actually need prescription medication, because it could have became a little more fungal. Speaking of fungal, the one thing that I think a lot of parents do is put cornstarch on a baby when they are doing the diaper change, and that is actually not something that you want to do. It actually help trap in fungus. So don't use any powder at all.  This is a great question. When patients come in or consumers and ask me about heartburn, as a pharmacist I have to ask them a few questions, to find out what kind of heartburn are they having. For instance, if they are having heartburn at night, they really need to see a physician. I need to find out how frequently they are having their heartburn. If they are having it everyday, or is it only one or two times a week? Then I need to ask them some questions about their diet, because what they may not understand is that diet, caffeine, acidic foods, even smoking could lead to heartburn. Then I will look at them and say, okay, are they taking any other medications? My elderly patients hopefully they have their medication list with them. I will be able to take a look and see what's appropriate for them. There are a variety of different products that are available. If it's just something for quick relief, then you could use like an antacid, like a Maalox or a Tums, something along those lines. If it's something that maybe needs a little bit more consistency, then we can go more towards a Pepcid type of product, which works a little differently by cutting down on the amount of acid in the stomach. If they complain that they have had it more frequently during the day, for a number of days, then the choice might be something like Prilosec OTC, which they are going to take for about 14 days. If they come back to the pharmacy after that, and the 14 days, and it hasn't worked, then I am going refer them back to their physician or their healthcare provider for further evaluation.  One of the questions I have for this patient is they state that they have congestion. So I am questioning as to why they are using an antihistamine such as Benadryl or Zyrtec. In the case of a congestion patient, you want to use things like in a pregnancy patient, especially things like a saline nasal spray, you don't want to use a Sudafed containing product because those aren't exactly for, approve for use in a pregnant woman. But if she has like itchy eyes or things like that, then we want to make sure that the doctor, healthcare providers or where the fact that she is having these symptoms. She may have actually using too much of a combination product for too many things that she really didn't have. If she is not sneezing. Or she doesn't have a runny nose and she doesn't feel like there is a drip running down the back of her throat causing a cough, there really isn't need for her to take Benadryl. So as a pharmacist, I am going to ask her a few more questions including the fact of where is she in her pregnancy, how long has she had these symptoms for, and what are her symptoms and she may end up needing no product at all.  Many pregnant women struggle with acne. So one of the common questions I get as a pharmacist is, can I use these type of products? I really don't recommend and the reason why, what a lot of people don't realize, is that they can actually be absorbed through the skin and travel into the blood stream, they can cause some harm to the baby. So I would just basically recommend using a basic moisturizer. I know it's tough when you have acne, but it's worth it because you don't want to harm your baby. So I really caution against these type of products being used, especially the night cream with a Retinol. That is actually a derivative of Vitamin A and there have been studies that have shown.  Actually yes. Prescription vitamins are actually formulated just for pregnant women and they do contain higher amounts of certain vitamins that may not be found in over-the-counter versions especially in iron, calcium, and Folic acid. Folic acid is really important to help your baby develop, especially their spinal cord and their brains. We want to make sure that women understand that they could take the over-the-counter version but they may not be getting enough Folic acid. So once again, talk to your pharmacist if you have any questions. We may refer you back to your OB/GYN or healthcare provider to make sure that you are going with the prescription version instead of the over-the- counter.  This is a question that a pharmacist is going to ask that patient, a lot of other questions. I need to know who has the upset stomach. And for how long have they had this upset stomach? This could be some occasional heartburn, it could be though something much more serious. Sometimes upset stomachs, can also lead to things like viral infections. So, we may not want to necessarily treat it. We want to find out if this is an elderly patient, may be they've had it for a long time, and there is another medication that could be causing this upset stomach as well. So, we are going to have to find a little bit more information. So, things like telling us, what medications you are taking? Are you taking any over-the-counter or herbals, because they have a possibility of possibly causing an upset stomach as well, finding out if you are running a fever. All these little questions that we are going to ask you, are probably going to help us help you better.  Diarrhea is a condition that once again as a pharmacist I can tell you all the time I ask a lot of questions, especially around the fact of, are you running a fever? How long have you had the diarrhea for? Is the diarrhea -- do you have dark though diarrhea? Because that could be a sign of internal bleeding. So you want to be very careful about the suggestions that we make. In the case of diarrhea too medications sometimes aren't always the best choice. You want to change your diet? You want to make sure that you are hydrated. A lot of people forget that when you have diarrhea, you lose a lot of fluids. So, you want to do re-hydration first. Things like pedialyte, increasing your water intake and then introducing all foods in general. Typically in the past there was something called the BRAT Diet, which was bran, rice, applesauce and toast, to help with diarrhea. That actually is not the recommendation anymore, they actually want people to start eating pretty normally to get their body back in balance, as well as increasing their fluids. Only then if there are some problems where they say, you know, I've been increasing my diet, I still have a little bit of diarrhea, Imodium or something like that be appropriate. But we do need to ask a few questions to find out what is really going on?  There are some topical medications that can be used for cold sores, such as Abreva. It comes in a pump dispenser that contains a cream that can be applied. The cold sore may not go away immediately. You may need to use the medication for a few days.  This is a popular question that I get at the pharmacy. Typically the topical hydrocortisone products are very effective to use as long as the skin isn't broken or bleeding. If the itching is really bothersome, an antihistamine like Benadryl or Zyrtec may be appropriate as well. Be sure to have your medication list handy when you are talking to the pharmacist and let us know any other over-the-counter products you may have tried already too, so we can help make the best decision.  Good question. This really depends on what type of infection and how severe it is. Typically if you have a small cut, you can wash with soap and water and then apply a triple antibiotic ointment. If the infection on the skin appears red, warm to the touch, painful, or oozing, you will need to see your health care provider. Skin infections can be very difficult to treat and can require prescription antibiotics if not taken seriously.    Great question. The over-the-counter sleep aids only help you fall asleep, not stay asleep through the night. You also want to be very careful with these type of products also for your age because they may cause side effects like dizziness, dry mouth, and constipation. I would advise speaking to your doctor or healthcare provider and making an appointment for further evaluation. Prescription medications are available to help you stay asleep through the night. Thanks for submitting a question today.  Shingles is tough because it typically requires evaluation by a doctor or health care provider and prescription medications to help speed the recovery and for the pain. There are no over-the-counter creams that can be used for the pain and stinging.  I would like to know why you want to take OTC Zantac. Both of these medications are used to treat heartburn but they are usually not taken together. It should be one or the other. Zantac works by trying to decrease the amount of acid in the stomach where Prilosec turns off the pump that makes stomach acid. Typically you should take Prilosec for 14 days in the treatment of heartburn. I would also like to ask if you are taking any other medications, since Zantac can interact with many of them.  This is a great question. If you have completed a 14-day round of Prilosec OTC and your heartburn is not resolved, you need to see a health care provider for additional evaluation. If you heartburn is resolved, you should continue to use dietary/lifestyle modifications. You should only repeat the 14-day treatment course of Prilosec OTC every four months if needed.  Great question and something that you should always ask your pharmacist because you need to be careful with over-the-counter medications even while you are nursing. Allergy medications like Claritin, Benadryl, and Zyrtec have all been found in breast milk. Because of the higher risk of adverse reactions in infants generally, and for newborns and premature infants in particular, antihistamine therapy is not recommended in nursing mothers.  This is a popular question that I get a lot at the pharmacy. For a headache, you can take Tylenol or acetaminophen. This medication is safe to take if you have stomach ulcers. You want to make sure you follow the dosage instructions on the package and if you have any questions, talk to your pharmacist -- we will be happy to answer questions like this.  This is a very serious question. You have to be very careful with a supplement like potassium -- if the levels in the body become too high, you can end up with heart problems like arrhythmias and possibly death.  This actually happened to one of my family members, especially as drug formularies change at certain times of the year. Allegra-D is comprised of two drugs: fexofenadine (an antihistamine) and pseudoephedrine (a decongestant) available by prescription. There are several antihistamine/decongestant combinations that are available over the counter but you need to see the pharmacist in order to purchase, like Zyrtec-D, Claritin-D, and Alavert-D. I recommend you talk to your pharmacist to see what one may be best for you since some may cause drowsiness and others do not. Also, be sure to work with your pharmacist, and bring your medication list to help determine if there are any drug-drug interactions with other medications you might be taking.  Great question. No, there are no over-the-counter medications that help lower blood sugar. If you have been diagnosed with diabetes, it is important that you still try to see a health care provider for evaluation. Depending on your condition, you may be eligible for some classes of medications that are available generically and are lower in cost. You want to make sure you do not ignore this because you can end up in the hospital if your diabetes goes untreated. You are on the right track though, diet, exercise and lifestyle modification are important factors in helping lower blood sugar. I encourage you to visit the American Diabetes Association web site at www.diabetes.org for more information and tips. Talk to your pharmacist too, they may be able to help you choose a more cost-effective meter to test your blood sugar at home.  Good question and one that I have to answer a lot because many people don't know that they really need to get the prescription filled! The FDA-approved dose of Lovaza is four capsules per day. It could take up to 14 capsules per day of an omega-3 supplement to provide the same amount of active ingredients proven to lower very high triglycerides. Omega-3 dietary supplements have not been approved by the FDA to treat any specific disease like very high triglycerides. Supplements also do not go through an FDA approved manufacturing process. If you have any other questions, talk to your pharmacist, its worth the extra time.  [This is] something that you should always ask your pharmacist because you need to be careful with over-the-counter medications even while you are nursing. Allergy medications like Claritin, Benadryl, and Zyrtec have all been found in breast milk. Because of the higher risk of adverse reactions in infants generally, and for newborns and premature infants in particular, antihistamine therapy is not recommended in nursing mothers.  Shingles is tough because it typically requires evaluation by a doctor or health-care provider and prescription medications to help speed the recovery and for the pain. There are no over-the-counter creams that can be used for the pain and stinging.  ... This really depends on what type of infection and how severe it is. Typically if you have a small cut, you can wash with soap and water and then apply a triple antibiotic ointment. If the infection on the skin appears red, warm to the touch, painful, or oozing, you will need to see your health-care provider. Skin infections can be very difficult to treat and can require prescription antibiotics if not taken seriously.  Saline nasal sprays or mists can be applied to the nasal cavity. Avoid sharing spray bottles with other members of the family. There are many types of nasal sprays available in the OTC aisle; be sure to ask your pharmacist for help with product selection.  There are several conditions that could cause symptoms similar to yours. One common condition linked to the use of decongestant nasal spray for several weeks is rhinitis medicamentosa. This article has lots of info about this: http://www.webmd.com/allergies/features/nasal-spray-are-you-overdoing-it It would be best for you to see a doctor who can examine your nasal passages and perform a medical evaluation. Your doc can help determine the exact cause of your persistent symptoms. Take care  Warts can sometimes be difficult to treat. Given that the wart is on your face, it would be best to see a dermatologist for treatment. If you are not satisfied with your current doctor, seek out a second opinion on treatment. It may be that in your situation, repeated treatments are needed.  There are many over-the-counter treatments available for GERD. The pharmacist would be able to help you compare options and costs. There are also lifestyle changes you can do to help as well. Here is some info about that: http://www.webmd.com/heartburn-gerd/lifestyle-modifications-for-gastroesophageal-reflux-disease  If you take medication for high blood pressure and cholesterol, there are some cold medicines you want to avoid. Depending on how well your blood pressure is controlled, and the rest of your medical history, it may be best to avoid decongestant medications that contain phenylephrine or pseudoephedrine. These can increase blood pressure and heart rate in some people who are sensitive. Before taking any over-the-counter cold medicine, you should talk to your pharmacist, who can collect more specific information about you and your medications and make the best recommendation for you.  It depends. Almost all the night-time cold medicines contain medications that can make you drowsy. Adding a benzodiazepine to that could make someone excessively drowsy. Without more specific information about which medications you are referring to, I would have to refer you to your personal pharmacist. He/she has your personal medical information and can help you best.  You have to be careful when mixing over-the-counter cold medicines. As a pharmacist, I tend to tell my patients to avoid products that treat multiple symptoms and contain several ingredients. When you use these products, you often end up taking something for a symptom you do not have. Also, you may end up taking too much of one type of ingredient if you mix products. I do not know what cold medicine you took, or if that medicine contained a cough suppressant. Therefore, I could not tell you if it was OK to use dextromethorphan with it. I suggest you take the products to a pharmacist who can review them with you to make sure you do not overdo it.  You should not mix over-the-counter cold medicines without talking to your pharmacist to ensure you do not take medications that interact.  Yes. Most over-the-counter cold medications are safe to take with Zoloft. You should check with your pharmacist, who can recommend the best product for you that will help your specific symptoms and not interact with your prescription medications.  No. Over-the-counter cold medicines will not affect the effectiveness of birth control pills.  It is not recommended to combine sleep aids with narcotic cough syrups. It could make you excessively drowsy and is most likely unnecessary, since the cough syrup will help you sleep.  To answer your question, I really would need to know more specific information about which medications you are referring to. In general, people with hypothyroidism and high blood pressure are advised to avoid decongestant medications that contain phenylephrine or pseudoephedrine because these medications can raise blood pressure and cause a rapid heartbeat in some patients. Ask your pharmacist which cold medicine would be right for your specific symptoms and with your current medications.  It would depend on why you take aspirin and which over-the-counter cold/ flu medication you are referring to. If you take aspirin, you would want to avoid cold and flu medications that contained an anti-inflammatory, like ibuprofen, and stick with cold and flu medications that contain acetaminophen. Always check with the pharmacist to ensure that the cold and flu medication you are choosing is right for you.  If you have high blood pressure it is usually advised that you avoid cold medicines that contain a decongestant like pseudoephedrine or phenylephrine, because they can raise the blood pressure and heart rate in some people. Your pharmacist can help you choose a cold medicine that will help your symptoms and mix well with your prescription medications.  No. Whooping cough should not be self-treated with over-the-counter medications. If whooping cough is suspected, the person needs to be seen immediately by a physician and receive antibiotic therapy. Whooping cough is dangerous, especially in infants, so it is important to seek medical attention promptly if whooping cough is suspected.  To provide you with the best advice, I would need to know more about your husbands medical history and current symptoms. In general, decongestants that contain pseudoephedrine would be safe considering his medications. As far as the cough goes, it would depend on the type of cough he has. If it is a loose cough, it would be safe for him to use guaifenesin, an expectorant, to help him bring up the phlegm thats making him cough. Guaifenesin would not interact with is medications. I suggest you talk to your pharmacist who can collect more specific information from you and make the best recommendation.  There are many over-the-counter medications available for cold sores. Most of them treat the pain and discomfort of a cold sore with anesthetics. There is one product available that speeds up the healing process for cold sores called Abreva, which contains docosanol. This medication, when applied several times throughout the day at the first sign of a cold sore, can reduce the time the cold sore lasts. I suggest you talk to your pharmacist who can help you find a remedy for your particular situation.  No. All hormonal forms of birth control require a prescription. Only emergency contraception is available over the counter to people age 17 and older  and this is not a reliable method of birth control. It is intended to be used only in the event of regular contraceptive failure.  No, Allegra-D is not available without a prescription. Alternatives to Allegra-D are available, like Claritin-D and Zyrtec-D. Ask your healthcare professional if using one of these products as a substitute would be OK for you.  I can tell you that there are no negative drug interactions between dextromethorphan, antihistamines, and steroid nasal sprays. But I cannot tell you at this time if dextromethorphan is the best product to use for your daughter's type of cough. I suggest you talk with your health-care professional who will collect more information from you and make a recommendation.  Yes, it is safe to combine over-the-counter antihistamines with pain relievers, such as Motrin or Tylenol. I would suggest you consult your pharmacist to ensure you are taking the correct dose of these medications.  For chest congestion, it is usually best to use an expectorant. These medications help loosen and thin mucus in the chest so it is easier to cough up. Guaifenesin is an expectorant that is safe to take while using lithium. It is always a good idea to talk to your pharmacist before taking any over-the-counter medications. They can help you choose the best one for your symptoms, namely, one that will not interact with any of your other medications.  Postnasal drip from a cold is best treated with first-generation antihistamines (such as diphenhydramine, chlorpheniramine, or brompheniramine) and pseudoephedrine. This combination has been shown to effectively dry up the drip, and relieve the cough and sore throat that can occur from the drip. You should talk to your pharmacist to review all your symptoms, and find the right over-the-counter products to treat them all.  Over-the-counter antihistamines are safe to take if you use Lexapro. But I suggest you use one that does not cause drowsiness. Antihistamines can cause drowsiness, which can be more pronounced in someone taking a medication like Lexapro. Always ask your pharmacist before using an over-the-counter medication to ensure it is safe for you.  If you are overweight, the only over-the-counter diet medication I would recommend as a pharmacist is Alli, which contains orlistat, a medication that blocks some of the fat you eat from being absorbed to help you lose weight. It is the only over-the-counter medication for weight loss that is approved by the FDA. It is safe to use it with Prozac. There are no drug interactions.  None of the over-the-counter appetite suppressants are approved by the FDA. Therefore, we cannot determine if they are safe or effective. All of them are supplements, which means they are not regulated the same way medications are and there is no guarantee of what is actually in them.  There are many differences between Lovaza and fish oil supplements. For one, Lovaza is an omega-3 fatty acid prescription medication, which means it has specific indications and is regulated by the FDA for content, safety, and purity. Fish oil supplements are not regulated by the FDA like medications are. You have to be careful when buying fish oil supplements because [they] come in many different strengths and forms. Always ask your pharmacist to recommend a reputable brand that is labeled correctly, and to help you figure out how many capsules you need to take in order to get the right amount of EPA and DHA to help you with heart health.  No. If it has been determined that your husband needs testosterone replacement therapy, only prescription forms are considered safe and effective and are approved by the FDA.  It is the same ingredient. But if he was prescribed the folic acid for a specific condition, he should only substitute it under the care of his health-care professional. It is important that his health care professional know about it.  No. There is not. If someone needs testosterone replacement for low levels, only the prescription versions have been proven to be safe and effective.  If your father is having prostate problems, it is very important that he see a health-care professional for an examination and evaluation. There are no over-the-counter treatments for prostate problems. While there are supplements that are marketed for prostate health, none of them are approved by the FDA or recognized to be safe and effective if someone is not properly diagnosed. I suggest you look for a free health clinic for your father so he can receive a proper examination. Check out this website: http://findahealthcenter.hrsa.gov/ .  No. There are no effective over-the-counter diuretics. If you are experiencing water retention, you should see your health-care professional for an examination. Water retention could be a sign of other conditions that should be checked out by a doctor  The three OTC pain relievers available are acetaminophen, ibuprofen, and naproxen. None of these interacts with amlodipine. So any of them would be considered safe to use for short-term management of pain or fever. Ibuprofen and naproxen, when taken chronically for pain, can raise blood pressure. In this case, acetaminophen would be best. There is more to consider in finding the right pain reliever than just the other medications you take. I would suggest you talk to your pharmacist, who can evaluate your entire situation and help you find the best pain reliever for your needs.  It can only help to take a prenatal vitamin now, but the most important thing to do is to make sure you get at least 400mcg folic acid daily. You might want to check your blood levels to make sure you aren't anemic and that your vitamin D levels are normal. If they are not, it's beneficial to correct these deficiencies before becoming pregnant. For more on what to do before pregnancy, see this WebMD article.  Cough and cold medications and decongestants may cause the eyes to dilate. In general, any medication that is a stimulant may cause the eyes to dilate. While it's not particularly common, this could include ADHD medications such as Adderall or Ritalin. Of course, certain illegal drugs do this as well, such as cocaine.  I am not a vet but I do have 3 dogs and 3 cats so I have a lot of personal experience with pets. I would be concerned about the dog dragging his back legs. That is not something that would generally be caused by the routine causes of diarrhea. I am pretty confident any veterinarian would suggest the dog needs to be seen probably sooner than later. That is not something that over the counter meds would be able to treat.  Am a pharmacy student I think that this problem is mainly related to stress. I see that you you can try many things for anxiety. Including :exercise,yoga,sport,music.other than that limiting caffeine consumption can make you feel better.  Hi Here is a link from WebMD, you should give this a good read, as you can see its a process of elimination to you get to the last one. The Link, http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/hyperhidrosis-treatment-11 Hope you find some help, or like me just live with it. Good Luck  Hi Here is a link from WebMD, you should give this a good read, as you can see its a process of elimination to you get to the last one. The Link, http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/hyperhidrosis-treatment-11 Hope you find some help, or like me just live with it. Good Luck  Hi You need to get to an ER, they will help if need be get them out by hand, its about the best way I can answer this, but it will help to get things moving again. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, there are two ways you can go, first I suggest you google yeast infections and sea salt, that's one way to fight your on going problem, or second you can google yeast infections and boric acid, they say this works 98 out of every 100 women who use it, but with this method you can also fight it two ways, by using the capsule and taken a 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water and drink through the day, this way you fight you ways, give it the old double wammy. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi With HBP you need to exercise, so get out walking, but not just walking try brisk walking, this will work you heart, and get you blood pumping around, also get in swimming daily if you can, very good for losing weight, and its low impact, so very good for your joints. As for a diet try the cabbage diet, and it dose not mean that you sit down and eat just cabbage, but google it, you only need to get your head round it for 7 days, take the next week off but eat sensible, for that week then do it again and so on. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, First go have a look on www.earthclinic.com your find loads of natural help on there. For what I have and along with ED I take Cayenne Pepper, works well for what I have in my hands, have a read up about it on www.cayennepepper.info I take mine mixed into tomato paste, thin it down with olive oil, mix it to a heat that suits you, take 3 small tea spoonful's each morning first thing, and just keep at it. The links just copy into google to read them. Good Luck  Hi, First go have a look on www.earthclinic.com your find loads of natural help on there. For what I have and along with ED I take Cayenne Pepper, works well for what I have in my hands, have a read up about it on www.cayennepepper.info I take mine mixed into tomato paste, thin it down with olive oil, mix it to a heat that suits you, take 3 small tea spoonful's each morning first thing, and just keep at it. The links just copy into google to read them. Good Luck  Hi, If you live near the sea, try swimming at times your having a yeast problem, if not just simple get some sea salt, sprinkle some into a warm bath, when its dissolved just get into it, at let it do its work, let the water get inside you, you can google yeast infection sea salt bath, lots of info. Good Luck  Hi, A good cure for this is to start getting either chilli powder or cayenne, into to you taken some daily, your find you can get capsules for both, but watch them, can give stomach cramps, I take cayenne daily, I mix it in tomato paste an thin with thin with olive oil, you make this to a heat that suits you at first, and over time you can build up the heat, I take 3 small tea spoons each morning with chopped garlic added in each morning. You should find this helps over time, its not a quick fix, its helped mine over the last 2 years, did start this for ED, also helps clean your blood. Do hope this helps you . Good Luck  Hi just google this, anti shingle vitamins, lots to read, lots you could take. Also go have a look on www.earthclinic.com under shingles, lots of ideas of stuff you can take. But from what your saying it may have beaten you to the line. Good Luck  Hi Just follow this link, your find loads of help. The link, http://www.earthclinic.com/CURES/acne.html Good Luck  Hi, Well if its itching like crazy, like I remember it does, you could try some good olive oil, virgin would be best, or aloe vera gel, both very safe, I did my sons back with olive oil when he got sunburnt the other year, he could not believe how good it was, he's a chef and thinks its only for cooking with and salads. And the aloe vera, is great for sunburn, and your skin. See how you get on. good Luck  Hi If your trying to get pregnant, forget OTC supplements, just remember to get pregnant its all down to timing. Day 14 give or take a day, is the day for ovulation, so you need to have unprotected sex 4 days before that, this allows male sperm to reach the womb, and that takes 3 days, male sperm can live for 7 to 10 days max in your womb. So by doing that his sperm is there waiting for your egg. OK See its timing, hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Get hold of some Boric acid powder, ask in your chemist for it, its cheap to buy, daily you put some in the bottom of you sock, and slowly it will kill it, I do the same each morning, but my sock is only one for just over an hour, flip flaps rest of the day. But if your getting pains down your toe, this after a couple of days will go, then you know it working. Our chemist out here in Greece put me on to this, a good women. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Its best she takes no drugs, just google natural ways out of depression, by going this way will be a lot better for her and the baby. Your find differant ways to try just pick one and stick to it, theres even meditation. Do hope this helps her. Good Luck  Hi Try this then, get it shaved, have a hubby get him to do it, he will love doing that for you, but only shave downwards, that way you get no itching from the hairs, then try taken warm sea salt baths twice a day if you can, you only need enough water to cover your vagina, the sea salt should help clear away what you have, its good for vaginal problems, BV or yeast infections and lots more. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Ask any company selling these and they will all say yes, they have to, they want you to buy them. But just google this natural testosterone boosters and see how you get on, lots of help. So how old are you, and are you having ED problems?  Hi For his ear wax use some warm olive oil, just dribble or drizzle it in slowly, to warm the oil just put a tea spoon in very hot water, then add in the oil to warm it, works a treat, the olive oil that is, just let him lay till its gone in, my Mum did this for me when I was a kid. Sorry after its gone in just add some cotton wool and leave overnight, after that it should just work itself out. Just do one ear each night, till its gone. As for the ringing, sounds like it could be tinnitus, he needs check for this, see his doctor. Do hope this helps. Good Luck   Hi For his ear wax use some warm olive oil, just dribble or drizzle it in slowly, to warm the oil just put a tea spoon in very hot water, then add in the oil to warm it, works a treat, the olive oil that is, just let him lay till its gone in, my Mum did this for me when I was a kid. Sorry after its gone in just add some cotton wool and leave overnight, after that it should just work itself out. Just do one ear each night, till its gone. As for the ringing, sounds like it could be tinnitus, he needs check for this, see his doctor. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi What you really need to do is find out what's giving you your problem, get this done and you would know what to stop using. Its done by putting samples of what you use in small caps and taped to your skin, left there for 24 hours, you go back any problems shows up. For you, it would be best way to go. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try these, they could help you a bit more, but do suggest you google both, for more facts. Black Cohosh. Evening primrose oil. Both of these are help for the menopause, so may help you. Good Luck  Hi First you want to get the healing done, sea salt is very good for this, if you have a sitz bath, or in a normal bath with that you need a couple of handfuls of sea salt. this will help clean and heal the tears. The only real thing if your vagina can take it would be silicon lube that you can buy anywhere these days, but a good one, this will add extra slip. By doing this it should stop the tears. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi cant see how the two co-inside with one another, perhaps the something deeper that's giving you your headaches, I would see your doctor over that. But as for the small vaginal tear, just give it a warm sea salt wash twice daily, sea salt will help heal and clean at the same time, just do it till it heals. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  No, it is by prescription only go see a doctor.  get a girl friend...  You should just take the Tylenol, like your doctor suggested. Medications like ibuprofen and Aleve all have the potential of causing bleeding (just like aspirin). There is nothing over the counter. If you need something stronger than Tylenol, you will need to contact your medical provider for a prescription; perhaps one that has codeine.  I know of no effective, over-the-counter diuretics. Why don't you see a medical provider to determine why you need a diuretic and have one prescribed for you.  Antihistamines are used for hives.....Benadryl (diphenhydramine), Claritin, Zyrtec, Allegra, etc. are over the counter antihistamines.  The list would be too extensive to post, so my advise to you is NOT to take any over-the-counter medications if you are having a blood test, unless they are essential to your health and well-being. I do not know what you are taking and why, nor do I know what type of drug screening test you are getting. If you do take or have recently used illegal drugs, I can tell you that tests are becoming more and more sophisticated all of the time.  Going to the hospital ER is really not the best place to evaluate a two-year old eye injury with residual symptoms, and.....there is really nothing over the counter that I could recommend over the Internet, since I do not know anything about you, your medical history, age, extent/type of injury,etc. You need to SEE an eye specialist....an ophthalmologist; someone who has the training and ability to conduct a high-level evaluation. Before ANY treatment, one must first have a definitive diagnosis.  Personally, I think those "testosterone boosters" are worthless, but you have to make your own decision. Herbal and over-the-counter non-drug therapies do not have to prove effacacy in the same way of prescription drugs.  Over the counter steroid creams will not help peripheral neuropathy.  You can take any of them. I do not know of any specific contraindications or adverse drug reactions from combining any cold medicine (decongestant, antihistamines, cough expectorants, cough suppressants, or mucous-thinning agents) with ibuprofen.  I think thye are perfectly safe. I can't imagine a situation where these strips would be hazardous or cause tissue damage.  Dermatitis is just "inflammation of the skin", and there are thousands and thousands of types of dermatitis. Your first step....and most important step....is to have this chronic dermatitis properly assessed and diagnosed by a dermatologist. Rather than blindly treat a skin eruption over the counter, it would be best to get to the bottom of this problem, once and for all.  Vaginal yeast infection, yes. Urinary tract infection, no. Urinary tract infections require antibiotics that are not over-the-counter. A urine test confirms the infection, the type of organism, and the best antibiotic to use. Self-diagnosis and self-treatment has it's risks.....  No, they are not, but some minor urinary tract infections (assuming your self-diagnosis was correct) will resolve on their own by your immune system.  A photo rarely helps when it comes to these more challenging diagnoses. As much as I would like to help you solve this five year mystery, this cannot be accomplished without at hands-on examination. Because of the long duration of this problem and failure with various treatments, I would strongly suggest that you see a dermatologist for an expert evaluation. The diagnosis is the key....so unless you get a definitive diagnosis, the treatment would just be random trials.  No, unfortunately. A bunion is a bone growth  There is really no "average time". Most people with sinusitis do not have any loss of taste or smell, but for those that do, it can take several days....to several weeks....or even longer, for those senses to return. As much as we would like to predict outcome, healing time is so variable in humans, that it would be impossible.  No, there is nothing over the counter that will really help genital herpes. Sorry.  When it comes to ANY medication -- over the counter or prescription -- you need to call your obstetrician's office for patient-specific advice and recommendations. I can assure you that they have had this question before. While many OB's have prescribed codeine-containing cough suppressants, others will not use them. Honey is a good cough suppressant, too...and considered safe if store-bought and purified. The real question might be the underlying reason for your cough....that maybe something you should investigate before treating it.  There are two types of cough medicines: expectorants that cause you to cough, and suppressants that quiet a cough. I am assuming you desire a suppressant and something over-the-counter, so one with dextromethorphan, like Delsym, would probably be the most helpful.  Not really. There are veterinarian and aquatic medications (used for tropical fish) but they are not for human use. Tetracycline, like most ORAL antibiotics, are prescription only.  If your boyfriend truly has influenza (many people who self-diagnose it are wrong),he may respond to prescription antiviral drug called Tamiflu. While no medication, over the counter or prescription, will cure the flu, Tamiflu will shorten the course and help alleviate the symptoms if taken soon enough (in the first two days).  Maybe....it depends on how early the pregnancy is. Ectopic pregnancies rear their ugly heads quite early and many women do not even know they are pregnant when the terrible pain begins. No pregnancy test will determine the location of the pregnancy (uterine or ecopic)...only an ultrasound can do that.  Benadryl (diphenhydramine) does not cause a fever, nor is fever an adverse reaction to this antihistamine. Allergies do not cause fever, so any elevation in temperature that may have experienced is most likely do to your cold (assuming you have correctly diagnosed yourself). Fever is the body's natural response to fighting off an infection.  Moderate alcohol consumption will not interfere with any of your over-the-counter (topical) yeast treatments.  Over-the-counter what? Having a total hysterectomy should not preclude you from taking anything over the counter, but since I don't know what medication you are talking about, or anything about your medical history, I will need to recommend that you speak with your medical provider first.  You should check with your doctor... I suffer from Anxiety/Depression, and was off my meds while TTC and during early pregnancy... however, I got worse around week 10... and my phsychiatrist and ob/gyn agreed I sholud go back on meds... I was on Paxil CR pre-pregnancy, and got a prescription for Zoloft during pregnancy... I did great, and was put off them again a few weeks ago in preparation for breastfeeding, but I know that I might have to go back on meds postpartum..  I do not think that they can be damaged, but if you are whitening the adjacent teeth be aware that you might change the color match. Also, if you are whitening the adjacent teeth, there is no reason to place the gel over the porcelain veneers.  Every pharmacy in America has white strips and whitening toothpastes that can give you a whitening result. However, the best results are always attained when a professional is guiding the treatment. There may be reasons that you arent a good candidate for whitening and only a dentist can tell you.  When caught within the first 48 to 72 hours, the administration of anti-virals can help to weaken the virus. After that period of time, using anti-virals is ineffective. At this point, treating your symptoms of pain become the primary concern. Not everyone develops post-herpetic neuralgia, but there is no way of determining who will. Keep yourself well-hydrated and eat a healthy diet, keeping yourself as healthy as possible and try to manage your stress as you continue to heal.  The No. 1 cause of premature aging and sunspots is sun damage. Avoid direct sunlight during peak hours, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Most sunblocks that contain titanium dioxide will help. Compounds that contain salicylic acid will resurface your skin. Compounds that contain tretinoin will help rejuvenate your face by encouraging collagen production.  Simple acne can sometimes be treated with over-the-counter products. In your case, it sounds more complicated and you may be experiencing another condition that resembles acne. I recommend going to your dermatologist and getting evaluated.  Several of the popular over-the-counter agents, including skin-bleaching agents and topical acids (salicylic), have been used to fade tattoos. Unfortunately, many of these products require continuous use for six months, and they work by removing the outer layer of the skin. Very colorful and deeper tattoos may be more difficult to completely fade using this approach.  There are a number of OTC remedies that you can try. Most of them are either benzoyl peroxide or salicylic acid based. Give one or the other of those a try to see if you get any relief. Many patients get adequate relief from an over-the-counter remedy.  Hi and welcome! I am not sure what medication your doctor may have used, but your pharmacist may be able to help. I'd recommend stopping by your local pharmacy and chatting with him or her. In the meantime, here is some information on and their treatment that I hope will be helpful. Take care, The WebMD Answers Staff  Diet pills rarely lead to permanent weight loss. The best method for weight loss is the tried-and-true formula of good eating habits and plenty of exercise. Using over-the-counter weight loss drugs is a short-term solution to a long-term problem. Save your money and spend it on nutritious foods. Get in touch with your hunger and appetite instead of relying on supplements that are uncontrolled by the FDA and often have no scientific proof of effectiveness. Experts agree, the best way to lose weight is to get regular physical activity and eat meals made up of foods that satisfy hunger and control appetite. Include a source of lean or low-fat protein at all meals and snacks along with high-fiber fruit, vegetables, or whole grains for the most satiating meals.  While Prilosec or Gaviscon--or even Pepto-Bismol--might help the reflux as well as the stomach pain, if you have chronic pain when eating, there is a possibility that you might have a peptic ulcer. Generally, pain increases whenever food is consumed (ie. when your body initially begins production of gastric acids in order to start digesting your food) and can be excruciating.  You may try to meditate first before you sleep. You have to get rid of all the things that brings you stress. Not having a good sleep can affect the beauty and smoothness of your skin. Start taking care of your skin now. Visit http://www.clearclinic.com/ for perfect ways to stay pretty.  You can take 2 25mg antihistamine (Benadryl) every 4-6hours. But don't take anymore than 6 in a 24 hr period.  I know this doesn't help, but I think you should go to the doctor. It's my understanding that this is basically an infection. You might be able to save money by not having the tooth capped, but it's my understanding that you need to get the infection addressed.  I would definitely go to the dermatologist to find out for sure. I have had allergic reactions to the sun, sun block, water in strange places that I'm not used to.  I've had a few yeast infections that caused that discomfort, which usually results from scratching or rubbing too much down there when it itches. Some of the yeast infection medications also include a little tube of cream that is there specifically for the relief of the discomfort you are experiencing.  Tylenol PM is fine to take. It's just Tylenol and Benedryl, both of which are fine to take during pregnancy. As for the rest, I would ask her OB.  There are a lot of over the counter medications for your condition. And they do help. I would suggest you ask your Pharmacist for the best one to fit your problem.  what over the counter energy pills to offset present rx pills  I've yet to find an over the counter remedy. The only real relief I've had is a long term use of Doxycycline - I've been to numerous dermatologists and have tried many different options (both prescription and over the counter)  If you're 18 or older Advil Migrane and Excedrin Migrane are really good. I don't know about all around pain relievers. Advile migrane is a gel, so it is easy to swallow and fast-acting, it also lasts all day. Excedrin Migrane is supposedly the safest and #1 nuerologist reccomended migrane medicine. Also if you're not talking about a migrane just a really bad headache, please don't take these because these are really strong drugs and can hurt you if they are in your system fro no reason.  I/m not a DR. but when I had a severe pain behind my right ear and went to the er they said I had Bells Palsy. I also had right side paralisis on my face. I would suggest a Dr. visit. Sorry I couldn't be more helpfull.  When I was pregnant I took Tylenol and Advil.  I am not familiar so much familiar with over the counter weight loss pills but I suggest that you speak with Dr. Eric Schweiger, an Assistant Clinical Professor of Dermatology at Mount Sinai Medical Center. He can help you with your weight loss plans.  It will largely depend on your food intake too. You have to make sure that everything is running smoothly on your diet. You also have to make sure that you are having a regular exercise. Keep motivated.  Keep yourself busy during the day, have a relaxing bath after a healthy dinner and avoid too much thinking. This way, you will surely have a better sleep at night. It also helps a lot to meditate. Leave all the stress behind and take a good rest. Maybe it's the stress that brings all those skin and health problems all this time.  I don't know if it is related to diabetes but you can see your doctor for an oral medication like Diflucan (generic- Fluconazole). The only time I get a yeast infection is when I have to take an antibiotic. The doctor just prescribes this oral med to me along with the antibiotic. This is the only thing that works for me. Hope this helps :)  i would start off by saying 1 drink plenty of water , and two try as best as you can to pee after sex as this helps keep out things can can give you a uti, yeast infections are due to the yeast that lives in you intestines , if you do anal sex try to not do it before vag sex and if possible wipe yourself when u go number two toward your back not toward your vag as this will help limit the contact of yeast to your vag. hope this helps , also a healthy diet can help with utis, i get them sometimes started after my son was born and i began drinking lots of water and for me i was able to stop it without meds , if you try this and it doesnt go away go to your doctor , if you have had children before they say it makes it more common to have utis , hope this helps :)  As you have tried Diflucan, tell your doctor that it doesn't work. There are prescription creams for yeast infections they can give you that are stronger than the ones you get over the counter. Also, after sex try using cleansing wipes instead of just toliet paper after you urinate. You can get flusable wipes at Walmart for a few dollars. Also, if you haven't already, have the doctor check your blood levels to make sure you don't have diabetes. Women with diabetes are more prone to getting yeast infections.  Not a doctor but a mother of 3. at this age they don't have much. you should try a home remedy like prune juice. you should only use a very small amount at a time their systems react more quickly to things.  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  My husband and I started to use myfitnesspal.com 3 weeks ago and I have lost 3 pounds already. We are not going hungry, just counting our calories and cutting our portions as we have always been big portion eaters. We are also walking from 45 min to 60 min at least 3 times a week which gives you more calories. We usually don't use them though because the calories for women are 1200 and men are 1500. This system is a very good way to learn to eat better. Log in and check it out. You will be surprised and happy with what you find.  Possibly a allergic reaction or maybe a med interference. I have never been able to get any over the counter migraine meds to work besides excederine tension and i was put on fioricet which helped. I would say a different ingredient whether inactive or active is in the off brand. Nothing really compares to the original.  Due to heavy work many of them are not going to their bed at the right time but are waking at earlier hours. This effects very badly on our health conditions and may be lead to many health problems. So it is better to sleep somewhat earlier and do practice some exercise as your body can feel tired and you may get good sleep. This can rid of the problem from dark circles and you also had an option of some natural products usage for the problem you are suffering. Because of natural products you can get relief and gain more confidence.  It's related. Frequent high blood sugars feed yeast.  You can try icy hot, heat wraps and alternating hot and cold packs. Resting the muscle is the best way to heal it. If it doesn't get any better in a week or so call your MD to check for more serious injury.  I also have the same problem, and I have insurance and still deal with the same thing; have seen many docs and they don't give me no answers on how to stop it, a along with this problem I have been gaining weight, even if I only drink water it goes right through me, nothing I do seems to work, I have even cut down to eating 1 meal a day, my husband worriers about me so for him I do eat but very small portions but does not matter how much or how little I eat or drink it still goes right through me,,, please let me know if you find a solution to our problem, all I get from the doctors is what they call a dumping serfdom,  Why have you not gone to the doctor? It could literally be anything. From HIV to a dangerous flu or disease.  how do I treat occasional diarrhea in my dog  Drink lots of water. Do kegel exercises. You might notice a little difference. If you think you're going to shoot like a porn star, though, remember that they have ways of faking large ejaculations. Most men ejaculate only about a teaspoonful.  you need to get to bed earlier . try working out in the am and then maybe your body will be tired at night  