You can it just isn't as likely as it would be if you were to do it close to or on your ovulation day.  There are a few things you can do to help determine if/when you ovulate. You can check your temps, buy an ovulation prediction kit, and watch the changes in your cervical mucus. I recommend visiting these websites: Fertilityfriend.com will help you create your chart to to help you find out about your ovulation and Cafemom.com has a group called TTC (trying to conceive) those ladies know all about the charting :) Best wishes to you.  Try visiting Fertilityfriend.com This website can teach you how to better predict if/when you ovulate. Also, cafemom.com is a great support site of women just like you. Check out their group called TTC (trying to conceive). Best wishes!  While ovulating your body can produce it's own symptoms. I would check with your doctor to see if this is a possibility. Also be sure to take follow up pregnancy tests to ensure you are not pregnant as pregnancy can still occur with Plan B as well as bleeding similar to periods.  No she wont get pregnant. The vagina is full of toxic chemicals to kill of bacteria and even semen. About 70% semen from a full ejaculation is killed from the natural toxic chemicals created by the female reproductive system even before it reaches the uterus. So if I were you, I wouldn't stress out too much about your girlfriend getting pregnant cause the chances of your semen reaching an egg is about a 1/10000 chance.  yes,i am actually trying to get pregnant  I think you should contact your Gyno just incase,  Sperm can live for 3 days. Ovualtion is not always on the 12th and 13th day of your cycle. In a perfect world everthing can be counted exact. I would suggest that you use birth control and never had unprotected sex to be safe.  It could be a number of things. My experience has been overly stressed and worked out due to my job being physically demanding causing a late period. There could be a possibility that you're pregnant and your levels wouldn't be high enough to make a positive read. I had that happen my first pregnancy and had to take another test 2 weeks later and then came out positive. Your best bet is to put it in the back of your mind for now so you don't stress yourself out thinking about it. It's a 50/50 chance of going either way. You're pregnant or your period has delayed for a bit.  According to a reliable pregnancy calculator, and based upon the 1st day of your last period, the following information is revealed: Estimated Due Date is 5/8/2015 Gestational Age Today (9/13/2014) is 6 week(s), 1 day(s) or 1.41 month(s) months. Date of Conception was 8/15/2014. I hope that this answer has been helpful.  I don't have your exact answer, but if you have a smartphone you can download an app called "Period Tracker" that will keep track of your cycle, symptoms, intimacy dates, and ovulation. There is also a "Pregnancy Mode" that will track your pregnancy.  not likely but take a test in about 2 weeks  By convention, the first day of your period is the first day of your menstrual cycle. Around day 7 several eggs start to develop in your ovaries. However, only one egg will predominate and be release when you ovulate. For the average menstrual cycle, which is 28-32 days ovulation occurs on day 14. Remember that these are average days, some woman have shorter cycles and other have longer cycles.  for some, there are no early symptoms until the missed period; for others, there can be breast tenderness, mild abdominal cramping (implantation), mild spotting of blood (implantation), mild to severe nausea, irritability, and some absent-mindedness  The best thing you should do is go to your doctor. For one - a urine or blood pregnancy test, two - any other tests or exams on both you & your partner, like fertilization, test on your bodys, see if you're healthy, normal crap like that and to see if there could be anything else wrong. Go see your doctor, they'll ask you questions and you should ask him/her questions that you want/need to know or anything youre concerned about, they'll give you the best answer honestly.  I called and talked to my Dr. She said this "period" is on track with when I should have started but since we have been trying and this period is different to take a pregnancy test and on Monday call the office and let her know if it was positive, but if not then call anyway and set up my normal monthly appointments for treatments. So i guess it is just a waiting game.  The typical fertile window is 3-5 days long and it is just before you ovulate. Ovulation typically occurs about 14 days before the next menstrual period starts. So in a 30 day cycle, ovulation should occur around day 16 and your fertile period is between cycle days 11-16. The fertile window is determined when the cervical mucous becomes more elastic and receptive to sperm. Some women notice that is is more slippery when they wipe during this time. Men need to ejaculate once within a week of the fertile window to increase the number of younger sperm that will be in the ejaculate during the fertile window and have intercourse at least once during the fertile window. The day the OPK turns positive is probably the last day of the fertile window so I would try a little earlier. Don't worry about the semen leaking out of the vagina. That is normal. Only about 10% of the sperm are expected to get into the cervical canal, which is a reservoir and will release sperm slowly for days after intercourse to ensure that sperm are present when the egg is released.  Unfortunately, it's not possible to say what's causing this without doing a physical exam and maybe some other testing. It could be as simple as a muscle cramp. Your best bet is to make an appointment with your primary healthcare provider to discuss the situation. Please don't be embarrassed. Medical professionals deal with cases like this all the time, and their only concern is to make a diagnosis and get you appropriate treatment if required. Hope this helps. Good luck to you!  If you've had sex, then there's always a possibility you could be pregnant. sounds like implantation bleeding to me. My suggestion? get a pregnancy test.  Maybe you're pregnant. Or maybe its a side effect from your bc?  you are probably not pregnant. if there was no ejaculation, no sperm could have fertilized your egg to result in pregnancy. it doesn't matter if you we ovulating or not.  Yes. It's a little tricky and that's why some women don't know they're pregnant until they're further along because they take it as a light period. Take a test and find out.  Hello! There is a slim chance you could be pregnant. However; I don't believe that you are. Not unless the condom ( I'm assuming that is what you used?) broke, tore, or was defective in some way. Which you'd probably notice upon disposal. I think that you are late and now that your stressing about a maybe baby your period is being delayed more so. So lady I say relax! Grab yourself a glass of wine, a hot bath and good book and try not to think about it. I know it "sounds" easier said than done. But worrying isn't going to help you. Believe me honey I have been where you are a few times... up until finally getting my period on the very last day of the month or on the first of the next!! I wouldn't re- take another test until you haven't received a period by the next month. If it still comes up negative make yourself a doctors appointment if nothing else hearing that your not pregnant from a license doctor along with figuring out whats up with your wonky menstrual cycle will put you at ease.  It depends how long after actual ovulation. If one knows the actual date of ovulation, conception can occur up to 72 hours after ovulation as sperm can live inside the cervix for up to 72 hours under ideal conditions. An oocyte/egg has at least a 48 hour lifespan after ovulation. As you may know the most likely time to conceive is about 14 days before the start of your next period. So if one had a regular 28 day cycle, ovulation is around day 14; a regular 34 day cycle will have an ovulation around day 20. If one has a regular 24 day cycle, ovulation can be as early as cycle day 10. The problem arises among women who have periods/bleeds which are not linked to an ovulation. These "non-ovulatory bleeds" can occur randomly as the too thick lining of the uterus begins to shed on its own. The woman in this case could have a bleed and then an ovulation anytime thereafter. An even more risky scenario would be the women who mistakes bleeding associated with the release of an egg/oocyte as a period. In that case she could get pregnant from intercourse during her "supposed period" because she is actually at a very fertile time. Bottom line, getting pregnant during a "real" period is unlikely--especially if it has been 14 days since ovulation occurred. If [there is a concern] do a reliable pregnancy test about two weeks after the date of intercourse. A urine test should be reliable around the time of [the] expected period. Lastly, if a woman is really scared about having an unplanned pregnancy, the worry can cause her flow to be late. ...A urine pregnancy test can help resolve any concerns.  For years, women have tried to accurately determine timing of ovulation in order to conceive, or to avoid conception. The interval of maximal fertility begins five (Wilcox, 1995) to six days (Bigelow, 2004) before ovulation and declines after ovulation occurs. Lets look at some popular do-it-yourself methods of determining ovulation: calendar, basal body temperature charting, over-the-counter ovulation predictor kits. Calendar Charting ones cycles on a calendar, or using a string of colored beads (cycle beads), are low-tech methods of attempting to predict ones fertile time. These methods of ovulation prediction tend to work best in women with very regular cycles between 26-32 days in length. These methods are less exact at identifying the exact occurrence of an ovulation. An improvement in accuracy can be accomplished if the woman is taught to identify changes in cervical secretions (Bigelow, 2004). The LH surge and spike in estrogen levels, precede ovulation by about 16-24 hours. These hormonal peaks create the typical appearance of fertile mucus such as clear egg white consistency. However, recent intercourse or other sources of increased estrogen [e.g., polycystic ovarian syndrome] can mimic fertile mucus. Basal Body Temperature Charts Just prior to ovulation, there is a modest drop in baseline body temperature. At ovulation and after, the temperature rises about a half-degree Fahrenheit. That ovulation has occurred is identified after the fact. This is not as helpful for trying to conceive (or prevent conception). It does provide information about when the woman might ovulate in the following months, however. Ovulation Predictor Kits Perhaps the most reliable method to predict ovulation is to use an over-the-counter ovulation prediction kit (OPK). These kits measure the amount of LH in a womans urine. When that level peaks, one assumes that ovulation will follow within the next 24-36 hours. There have been numerous research studies suggesting that the over the counter OPKs are very reliable when used according to package directions (Eichner, 2004). One earlier study of five different OPKs (Ghazeeri, 2000) was able to identify an almost two-fold difference in sensitivity between the most, and least, sensitive kits. This suggests that OPK manufacturers should indicate the sensitivity of their product, as many home pregnancy tests do. One of the major difficulties with ovulation prediction/documentation is normal cycle variations. We suggest to women that it takes about 14 days after ovulation for the menstrual period to appear. This interval is called the luteal phase. Yet a variety of studies have demonstrated the length of a luteal phase can range from 10-16 days. Even more varied is the interval from the first day of flow to day of ovulation (follicular phase). The mean length of the follicular phase can range from 15-16.5 days plus/minus 2.6 to 3.5 days (Fehring, 2006). Therefore the variability between your cycle and that of your best girlfriends is likely to be in the weeks that precede ovulation (follicular phase).  A woman can have apparently regular flows and yet still not be having regular ovulation. How can this happen? In a cycle without an ovulation, estrogen stimulation (assisted by the hormone FSH) will continue to make the lining of the uterus grow thicker and thicker. In the absence of an LH (luteinizing hormone) surge, no ovulation will occur. The progesterone level will not rise. When the follicle that contains the un-ovulated egg involutes (shrinks), the womans blood estrogen level will drop. This triggers much of the lining to be shed. Thus if it takes two to three weeks for the follicle and un-ovulated egg to regress, the woman may have somewhat regular bleeds. How often does this happen? In the first year after menstrual periods begin, up to 55% of the cycles may occur without ovulation (Mansfield & Emans, 1984). In a study of 20- to 35-year-old women who had regular cycles but were infertile, an average of 30% of women were not ovulating. Among these 123 women with regular cycles the highest incidence of not ovulating was 41%. This highest incidence occurred among women who had never had a conception. Women who had at least one documented pregnancy had a lower incidence of non-ovulation despite regular periods (Hegab, 1987). Finally, the presence of very regular periods, accompanied by common premenstrual symptoms (molimena) suggests an ovulatory cycle  especially when there are menstrual cramps. Yet this may not always be the case. In as many as 5% of these classic for ovulation cycles, ovulation may not have occurred (Speroff, 1999).  Ovulation may not switch from side to side. We have been led to believe that the ovaries take turns for the releasing of an egg. It was not until two French researchers studied 80 fertile women, with ultrasounds and hormone levels, that it was documented which ovary ovulated (Ecochard & Gougeon, 2000). In the initial cycle, about 52% of women ovulated from the right ovary while 48% ovulated from the left. In succeeding cycles, ovulations alternated to the other side about 51% of the time. That means that one has only a 50-50 chance of releasing an egg from the opposite ovary as the month before. Ecochard and Gougeon also measured levels of ovarian hormones in urine to see if the side of ovulation influenced hormone production  it did not. This finding was confirmed by British scientists (Ojha, 2003) who followed 19 women for three consecutive cycles. Moreover, blood flow studies of these 19 women showed no influence from side of ovulation in blood flow within each ovary. The inference of Ecochard and Gougeon was straightforward. They wrote, It is concluded that in normally fertile women, the cycle length and hormonal profile are independent of the, most probably random, site of ovulation.  That is the best time to try to have a baby 2 weeks before you period comes you ovulate . There is a discharge from your vagina, it is clear and slimy and, you sometimes have pain like cramping when you ovulate. If you WANT to get pregnant this is the best time.  Most definitely. In a "normal" menstrual cycle of 28 days, ovulation is when the egg is released from the ovary around the 14th day. Your most fertile days are a few days before and after ovulation, as sperm can live for about 5 days, but the egg less than 2 days.  Why do you say you were fertile from May 4th to 10th? In a "normal" 28 day cycle you would've ovulated on May 9th and the egg lives less than a day. A man's sperm can live up to 5 days, so counting back from the 9th makes it unlikely that sex with your ex on the 2nd could have made you pregnant. 8 days before ovulation is too long, therefore the new guy is the more likely candidate. You seem to be on a dangerous course with your sex life. What does the word ex mean to you? How come you're still having sex with him if he's your ex? Why would you be having sex with two different men in three days?   If you suspect you are pregnant then you should see a doctor to confirm or even try taking one of the many pregnancy tests. Everyone is different when it comes to pregnancy, spotting, bloating, nausea, hot flashes, ect... If there is bleeding it usually is problematic and you need the help of a professional.  is that 2-3 days after your period ended? generally, ovulation can begin anywhere from 8-15 days (give or take) after day 1 of your period.  Personally i never spotted. I just missed my period and then got a positive pregnancy test. from the sounds of it looks like you could be and it might be too early for a pg test. try again in a couple days. If you are trying to conceive then i hope for your BFP! good luck!!  yes it all depends on if your fertile and if your eggs are good or not.  Pregnancy is a possibility  First let me say that if there was no penetration into your vagina it is unlikely your pregnant. With that being said, a boy does not always have to ejaculate for you to become pregnant. Often times there is precum which also contains semen and can cause pregnancy if they have penetrated your "hole". Peeing would not clean out the semen if there was any in you. The cramps may be caused by menstral cramps or possibly a side effect from the morning after pill. I suggest next time using a condom or other contraceptive if you do not want to get pregnant. Please remember that though other contraceptives may prevent pregnancy, they may not protect against STD's. Consult your doctor about the different precautions or options out there if your unsure what to use. If you are still worried about wether or not your pregnant you could try a at home pregnancy pee test stick.  I had a slight pain in that aria after having sex, a day or two latter I felt my best then started getting sick to my stomach. Never missed my next monthly so I just thought I dad the flu. the next monthly I missed and found out I was having twins.  Hi Meant to have come back yesterday after doing research on an other post. In your clotted blood did you notice what would look like tissue amongst it? if its yes then it was a miscarriage. Did your doctor ask this question? Good Luck  Hi Having unprotected sex 2 to 3 days before day 14 yes you could end up being pregnant, but for some women having unprotected sex anytime of the month means pregnancy, just one of those things. All you can do is wait to see if you miss your period then get a test done either an HPT or see your doctor. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you've missed one pill anywhere in the pack or started a new pack one day late, you're still protected against pregnancy. You should take the last pill you missed now, even if this means taking two pills in one day carry on taking the rest of the pack as normal. Do hope this helps with your small problem. Good Luck  Hi OK your find that most women get a discharge at some time, if its a clear discharge, then your OK. The best time to do a pregnancy test is the first day of a missed period or any day after that. Sorry for your problems. Good Luck  Hi I would say its pretty high, you will have to weight till this first day of your next period if it miss's to do a test, and take it from there. Do we take it that the sex was unprotected? Good Luck  Hi, Masturbating may lesion your chances, as you say will expel his sperm form your vagina, but in the heat of love making these things do happen. Around day 143 should be ovulation day, giver or take a day, so you need to be having unprotected sex around day 9, this gives his sperm a chance to be in your womb waiting for the egg, sperm can live for up to 10 days max in the womb, and sperm takes 3 days to reach your womb. So day 1, first day of your period, day 9 unprotected sex day, not to much sex or masturbating him before that day, and just lay on your back with your legs up after sex, they say that last bit helps? But do relax, its best that way, give it a chance and it will happen. Good Luck  Hi, Then it's time to go see your doctor, let him sort you out or pass you on to a gyno, best advice. Good Luck  Hi Trapped wind will make you feel bloated. Look as it broke on you ovulation day you would have been OK, first, your egg will only live two days at best, and second, any sperm getting through would have taken 3 days to reach your womb and the now dead egg. So are you pregnant? Good Luck  Hi I would give it a couple of months let your body get back in the grove, before you start for a baby, this will also let the drugs get out of you system, get fit, get healthy, in body and mind. Look don't expect miracles straight, sometimes after BC women do get pregnant straight away, others 3 to 4 months, and others a lot longer. Do hope this helps, well away you go then, times awaiting. Good Luck  Hi, After all you have done, I don't think so, it takes full intercourse and ejaculation to get pregnant. But playing around with sex can be very dangerous, male sperm goes bang twice once inside you, but the second time its not so much a bang but a whaling sound of a baby crying. Please think safe sex, think condoms or BC, but please keep away from depo shot, just google depo shot side effects your see why. But please safe sex. Good Luck  Hi, With luck you should be on the right side of not getting pregnant, but some would say there's never a right side, as there is always that chance, so if this was within the 72 hour window, then yes do take Plan B to be on the safe side. But for your own good, you should get on some form of BC, either the pill, IUD, the implant, the cap or the ring, there's lots of options. Just remember safe sex is best. Good Luck  Hi This piece of info which should help you answer your problem A woman's period blood colours and textures may vary during various stages of life and during times when certain conditions may interfere with the normal cycle. Here is a discussion of normal and abnormal conditions, which may affect the characteristics of one's periods. Slippery, jelly-like: Slippery blood that is jelly-like may be blood that is mixed with mucus from the cervix. Cervical mucus is normally present in your vagina, and when mixed with menstrual flow that is light, it may give a slippery gel-like texture. This can also occur with bowel movements when cervical mucus flows from the vagina. Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well as things seem to have gone as they should, why not just wait the 3 days and see what happens? Good Luck  Hi Well in 5 days if your period dose not happen, the that's the time to do a test, if it has not happened, blame it on the deop shot, sometimes it can take over a year or up to 2 years to get pregnant. As you seem to know when your about to ovulate, try having unprotected sex 2 days before, it takes our men 3 days to reach your egg, and your egg is only futile for 2 days, so they should be ok when they get together. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If it was a week before, ok toss a coin time, fact some women can get pregnant from any time of the month, others it has to right day hour minute and so on. But please remember it takes male sperm 3 days to reach an egg if one was there, but if the condom was hanging out a bit, then the chances are very slim. All you can do is wait to see if you miss your next period, and if you do then get an HPT or do a test at your doctors, but then it could be from stress of waiting that you miss your period. All part of the game. Good Luck  Hi There is a 72 hour window for taken plan B, so your outside the time, this is from the time you had unprotected sex, your next step would be the abortion pill, if you don't want and as you say to get pregnant, its your next step. OK that out of the way, when this episode is over, don't you think it would be best if you get on some kind of BC, there's a good choice today, but I would not think of depo shot till you have googled the side effects. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi What your looking for is Salpingectomy is the removal of one or both of a woman's fallopian tubes, the tubes through which an egg travels from the ovary to the uterus. If this is something you think would be best for you, I would talk this over with your doctor or gyno. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Female eggs like male sperm that's not used just gets absorbed into our body's, its not a yuk like thing, just a natural thing that's happens every day of our lives, with all sorts of things. So no need to worry. Good Luck  Hi, Try This, changes to the breasts can begin very soon after conception. Increasing levels of hormones cause increased blood flow and changes to the breast tissue. This increase can cause sore or sensitive nipples, a change that can be enjoyable for some but painful for others. As your body adjusts to the new surge of hormones the pain should subside. Does this help. Good Luck  Hi, First two things, do you want to get her pregnant, if not don't worry yet, getting a women pregnant is all down to timing with some women, right minute right day, some other women can get pregnant from any day of there cycle, its just the way nature works. But never heard of safe sex, condoms, birth control, UDI, if your not looking to get her pregnant, just think safe sex. Good Luck  Hi, While painful ovulation is fairly common in women and doesnt lead to other problems, painful ovulation can also be a symptom of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), ovarian fibroids or endometriosis. If you are concerned, see your GP and keep a diary beforehand, so you can let your doctor know exactly when in your menstrual cycle ovulation pain occurs, the level of pain on each day and how long it lasts. Just see your doctor and get checked out, this is only a theory . But hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi According to this piece of info, around 6 days ago. Ovulation usually takes place roughly 14 days after the first		day of the start of a period; however, the exact timing can vary greatly from		woman to woman. Some women know when they are ovulating because they can feel a		slight pain in their lower abdomen. Other women may bleed slightly in the		middle of their cycle. Info from http://www.netdoctor.co.uk One thing to remember is it takes male sperm 3 days to reach your womb, so you need to add this in when your trying to get pregnant. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, So you urinated before sexual contact, then that was good as this will flush any sperm from your urethra, which was good, I think your chances of her being pregnant could if there was any sperm be very, very slight. But please remember our male sperm is a dangerous stuff anywhere near a vagina, if you and your g/f want to play games suggest she gets on the BC pill, this would make sure you both have no problems. Do hope this helps you both. Good Luck  Hi OK you say a lot of sex before your due date, that's not a good idea, he could end up ejectulating immature sperm which would have been no good. But if he refrained for a few days before the third day you first had sex trying to get pregnant, then that may have been the time you got pregnant, if you have, it takes male sperm 3 days to reach the egg. OK when you next period is due and nothing happens then its time to do a test, either a HPT or with your doctor. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi When it comes to the human body, trust me anything can happen just the same as some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month. But female discharge can be just normal if you have a white or clear discharge at anytime of the month. But are you worried that your pregnant? Good Luck  Hi, Unfortunately the is yes you could be pregnant, its one of those quirks of nature, But in a few days you should be able to test yourself with a test kit. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Ovulation pain, or pain around the time of ovulation (since it doesn't necessarily happen at the very moment you ovulate), varies from woman to woman. Some experience a dull, achy feeling, which lasts for a few hours or even over a couple days. Other women experience a sudden, sharp pain, lasting just a moment. Ovulation pain is typically mild in nature, but it's been known to land some women in the emergency room for suspected appendicitis. Though such a severe reaction is rare, it does happen. Another term for ovulation pain is mittelschmerz, which is German for "middle pain," referring to the mid-way point in a woman's cycle when ovulation takes place. Sometimes using extra lubrication could help reduce the pain as it could be from dryness. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Do we take it that this was unprotected sex, then having unprotected sex always has the chance of pregnancy. All you can is wait and see, if you don't get your next period then that's the time for testing either HPT or your doctor. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes, it can be possible for a women to get pregnant from what you have done. Take two women, one has to have sex on the right day even the right minute to get pregnant, the next women can get pregnant from more or less an day of the month, its just our balmy nature we have. But remember male sperm is a dangerous stuff, should be handled with care, or poof your pregnant again. Good Luck  Hi See Above answer.  Hi I think the thing to do is wait to see if your period dose come at the right time, if not then do an HPT or a pregnancy test at your doctors. Brown blood means its old blood. See how it goes. Good Luck  Hi, Ever heard of condoms, safe sex, birth control being the pill, then come here and ask if I'm pregnant, or what's the chances, there is every chance you can get pregnant if you don't just follow safe sex. Just remember some women can get pregnant from any day of the month, even having unprotected sex during there periods, and some need to be the right day and even down to the right second to get pregnant, its a whole minefield out there. For you give it a week then get a home test kit, and see. Good Luck  Hi Do you mean that you had unprotected sex the day after? then no, it take sperm 3 days to get in the right place, so by then your egg would be gone. Just think this and see if it works, your cycle, around day 14 should be ovulation day, give or take a day, now it take 3 days for sperm to get in -place and can live for 5 to 10 days depending where you read, so you need to be having unprotected sex about day 8, this way the sperm is in place to receive your egg, if on day 21 you get spotting then you could be on your way to being pregnant. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The first thing would be how long you have been on BC, and what type, meaning pills, shots or IUD( google these for more info), the longer you were on BC the longer it takes for things to get back working as they were. Second its all down to timing with some women, now somewhere around day 14, now day 14 is, the 14 day after the first day of your period which is also the first day of your cycle, that's just a bit of info, now add into this, it takes 3 days for a male sperm to reach the womb, and it can get there first, it lives for a few days longer than you egg will. If you can try cutting your sex back to twice a week with 3 days in between this will keep his sperm in top form. Hope this helps a bit. Good Luck  Hi so you know how your cycle works YES day 1 being first day of your period, well day 14 give or take a day is ovulation day, so you need to have unprotected sex around day 8/9 it takes male sperm 3 days to reach your womb, and sperm can live in you womb for up to 10 days max. So you ovulate after the sperm will be there waiting. If you get spotting around day 21 then you should be pregnant. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck. PS Look throw away the test kits, just leave it to nature, relax take a deep breath, your get pregnant when your body is ready, outside of that get a sperm test done, you never know?  Hi Google the side effects of depo shot, your find all the answers you need and some you may not want to see, but if I'm right the last time you ovulated was before you went on depo shot, that's why your on it, it stops you eggs from falling, hence stops you getting pregnant. Good Luck  Hi But sorry the answer is yes, you can still get pregnant why having a yeast infection, may not be the answer you looking for? or is it? Good Luck  Hi This should help you, http://www.webmd.com/sex/birth-control/birth-control-depo-provera . Good Luck  Hi I found this little bit of information, I think this shows why. Ovulation occurs about midway through the menstrual cycle, after the follicular phase, and is followed by the luteal phase. Note that ovulation is characterized by a sharp spike in levels of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), resulting from the peak of estrogen levels during the follicular phase. I think your find this is why your hair get better, perhaps you need some kind of hormone replacement therapy. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, So lets take pre-cum, by itself it's ok , but if you b/f had an ejectulation then the could have been sperm in his urethra, then if that was the case then you could be pregnant. You seem to be having the signs. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well as you had your period on August 1st, then around day 14 would have been your ovulation day, give or take a day , so have sex 2 to 7 days before that would have done it, its takes male sperm 3 days to reach your womb, and can live for up to 10 days max. So 2 weeks would be about right then, your doctor would be basing his from your last period date so yes he's right. But dose it really matter when unless your not married and trying to workout who the father is by this calculation? Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Here's a bit of info I found, its interesting, being it's about re-cum. Can I get pregnant from pre-cum? Pre-cum or pre-ejaculatory fluid to call it by it's correct name is a clear fluid that appears on the tip of the penis when a man has an erection and is sufficiently sexually excited. It is a common misconception that this fluid is semen that has leaked out before the main ejaculation. This is incorrect because this fluid is produced by something called the Cowper gland and it's purpose is to flush out the penis before ejaculation. So can you get pregnant from pre-ejaculatory fluid (pre-cum)? Well...... as this fluid does not contain sperm it can't by itself cause a pregnancy. However as the purpose of this fluid is to flush out the penis it will bring any sperm left in the penis from the last ejaculation to the tip of the penis. If this happens that small amount of sperm could cause a pregnancy. If the man has urinated since his last ejaculation the urine would have flushed out and killed any left over sperm in the penis which means in this case a pregnancy wouldn't happen. The Safest thing is to assume that an erect penis is always capable of causing a pregnancy even before an ejaculation so cover it with a condom before it comes in contact with the vagina. Good Luck  Hi So from what your saying your trying to get pregnant? Then you need to have unprotected sex around two days before your ovulation day. OK your futile for two days and it takes male sperm three days to reach your egg, see it all down to timing for some women, and others can get pregnant from anytime of the month. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi A lot would depend on this, you say he touched your hole with his penis, was this before oral sex or after, did you take him all the way to ejaculation with oral? if he touched your whole then there could have been some transfer of sperm, but it would be an outside chance of you getting pregnant. But then you have done the right thing by taken Plan B. so with this I think its best you wait till you have your period, if you do, give a big sigh. But then you get yourself on BC but not depo shot, just google depo shot side effects, to see why. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See the answer above.  Hi See the answer above.  Hi Meant to have come back yesterday after doing research on an other post. In your clotted blood did you notice what would look like tissue amongst it? if its yes then it was a miscarriage. Did your doctor ask this question? Good Luck  Hi If your next period does not happen then do it then. Good Luck  OK lets start with you trying to get pregnant, you say you had sex 2 days ago if this was unprotected sex then you have done it about the right time, see it takes male sperm 3 days to reach the womb, so with your ovulation day about to come , your timing could be right. OK the cortisone shots you say first one, if the rest are low dose then you should be ok. cerebral palsy and cortisone shots, this was the only thing I could find doing research fro you, seems there a low chance of getting it in baby if the shots are high dose. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, You could very well be miscarrying. But why have you not been and seen your doctor or obstetrician, I do think this would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi, Sex wise, your overdoing it, when trying for a baby its every other day tops, the reason for the is that your sperm, the sperm your be using will not be up to the task you want it for, and also take into account it takes 3 days for sperm to reach the egg. So if your not getting there this cycle, remember next cycle, you will need to bee having sex around day 19 after the first day of her period, then try every other day after that, that might get you there. Good Luck  Hi These are some info and symptoms I found, when you look at these there pretty much the same as yours. These are early symptoms of the menopause, if you think these do match, then you should get off to your doctor, you can get hormone treatment to help. The most common symptoms are hot flushes and night sweats. Most women have more than one symptom. These may include: hot flushes and night sweats aches and pains crawling or itching sensations under the skin headaches vaginal dryness reduced sex drive (libido) urinary frequency tiredness irritability depression sleeping difficulty lack of self esteem forgetfulness Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well if the I pill has done its job you should be OK But as this was on ovulation day you were on the outside chance of not getting pregnant anyway, ok it works like this, so it was on O day? yes well the egg would only last 2 days max, and it takes male sperm 3 days to reach the womb. See an outside chance of not getting pregnant. Good Luck  Hi It seems day 14 is ovulation day no matter how long your period is, but also with this it can be give or take a day. But if your trying to get pregnant please just wait till things get settled, the length of time this takes all depends how long you was on BC, not being a party pooper, but you could be looking a year to get it right Hope this helps? no, but that's life on the good old BC. Good Luck  Hi 14 days after the last day of your period should be the day of ovulation, but then you have to think a couple of days each way, as not all women are the same, then it takes 3 days for the male sperm to impregnate your egg, but you can also add into the info that some women can get pregnant from any time of the month, its a whole mixed up world when its comes to getting pregnant. Sometimes the text book gets thrown out of the window. But do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think your in early menopause, so did a little research to back this theory up, and come up with this, I will tell you now its long, but packed with lots of facts. The Link, http://www.ion.ac.uk/information/onarchives/perimenopause You may need to copy this into google for it to work. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Well for one thing it just cant be ovulation spotting, if so from just where would it be coming from? It must be that the polyp site still bleeding, try some sea salt baths for the next few days, twice a day, let the water get inside your vagina, it will help with the healing, don't use any oils or creams. You could also have a small rear from the sex, the baths will help this as well. After the sea salt treatment see how it goes. Next time you have sex use some extra lubrication, it should help. Good Luck  Hi, Well for one thing it just cant be ovulation spotting, if so from just where would it be coming from? It must be that the polyp site still bleeding, try some sea salt baths for the next few days, twice a day, let the water get inside your vagina, it will help with the healing, don't use any oils or creams. You could also have a small rear from the sex, the baths will help this as well. After the sea salt treatment see how it goes. Next time you have sex use some extra lubrication, it should help. Good Luck  Hi Your husband ejaculating inside you is the most important thing for you to get pregnant, its a 50/50 chance on what sex you get, but it is your husbands sperm that denotes what sex. as you know your cycle and what day 1 is, ok so day 14 should be your ovulation day, give or take a day, you need to have unprotected 4 days before this, reason it takes sperm 3 days to reach your womb. so 4 days before means his sperm is there waiting for your egg, and sperm can live for up to 10 days max in the womb. So think day 10 for sex and hope things go right. Good Luck  Hi If your saying that this was unprotected sex, there is always a chance of getting pregnant whether he pulls out on not, there can always be the chance of some small amounts of sperm in his penis or pre-cum, that come out even if he does not ejaculate and pulls out. You can also add in that some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This is from Nuvaring, it may help you. Some women miss periods on hormonal birth control, even when they are not pregnant. Consider the possibility that you may be pregnant if: You miss a period and NuvaRing was out for more than 3 hours during the 3 weeks of ring use You miss a period and waited longer than 1 week to insert a new ring You have followed the instructions and you miss 2 periods in a row You have left NuvaRing (etonogestrel/ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring) in place for longer than 4 weeks If you know or suspect you are pregnant, do not use NuvaRing. See your health care provider as soon as possible. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So your wife's cycle is normal 28 day? Yes,. So day one is the first day of her period, around day 14 is ovulation day, give or take a day, now you need to have unprotected sex around day 10, reason it takes male sperm 3 days to get to the womb, and can live in there for up to 10 days at best, if things go well day 21 is implantation day, she may get some spotting, a small amount of bleeding, if she gets this and miss's her next period then she get tested either an HPT or at your doctors. See getting pregnant for some couples is all down to timing, but don't get stressed out trying, live as normal relax and don't worry about getting pregnant, doing that you will never get pregnant, just keep relaxed enjoy your sex life, but not to much up to ovulation day, but after that go for it. But most of just keep happy, it will happen Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Its a big question that you ask for something so simple to happen, ie getting pregnant. OK I think you find that you need to start by waiting and getting your periods back, let them get back into a cycle, for 3 months, this is so things settle down, and then off you go, and try to start a family. But be warned this could take some time, like a year or more. I do hope this helps in some way, sometimes life is hard, but try not to worry, and relax and carry on enjoying life. Good Luck  Hi OK Gildess FE 1/20 or its generic name ethinyl estradiol and norethindrone What is ethinyl estradiol and norethindrone? Ethinyl estradiol and norethindrone is a combination drug that contains female hormones that prevent ovulation (the release of an egg from an ovary). This medication also causes changes in your cervical mucus and uterine lining, making it harder for sperm to reach the uterus. Ethinyl estradiol and norethindrone is used as contraception to prevent pregnancy. I researched all this info for you. Do hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi Found you this info, its pretty standard. If you are keen to increase your chances of conceiving two babies then its important to understand how twins are made. There are two types of twins; identical and non-identical. Identical or monozygotic twins are formed when one egg is fertilized by one sperm which then divides into two separate embryos. Each shares exactly the same genetic components and identical genetic structures. Identical twins also share a placenta. Non-identical or dizygotic twins form from two separate eggs being fertilised by two separate sperm. These twins are their own unique little individuals and share no more genetic composition than siblings with the same parents. Each baby in a non-identical twin pair will have its own placenta. Another name for non-identical twins is fraternal; the other name for identical twins is non-fraternal. Last piece of info, your eggs are only in the womb for two days then they die off if not fertilized, so you would not be able to carry an egg over, none identical twins is when two eggs come down at the same time. Do hope this all helps you. Good Luck  Hi When she is in ovulation when do you have unprotested sex with her? if its then, well wrong, you need to have sex around day 10 of her cycle day 1 is the first day of her period, her egg only lives for 2 days inside her womb where as your sperm can live up to 10 days max, so having sex on day 10 your sperm should be in the womb( your sperm takes 3 days to get to the womb, so you now have some more info I hope. And it all helps. Good Luck  Hi Do you know if your mother or you have had your thyroid checked out at any time, this could be the cause of your irregular periods. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi For one you would not get a reaction that quick to being pregnant, have you had implantation bleeding/spotting yet? The have you had unprotected sex then? The only real way would be if you miss your next period, the get a pregnancy test done, either HPT or at your doctors, best way to tell, saves on the old wives tales. Good Luck  Hi Yes only when you ovulate which in your cycle is day 14, give or take a day, so if you had unprotected sex 4 days before then, this allows sperm 3 days to reach your womb and get in place for the egg, sperm can live for 5 to 10 days in the womb. Does this help you. Good Luck  Hi I found this for you, it may help in your condition, ie I mean getting over your problem. Its from the UK NHS. How long it is advisable to wait before you try for another pregnancy will depend on your specific circumstances. Your doctor should be able to advise you when (or if) it will be safe to do so. In most cases it is recommended that you wait for at least two full menstrual cycles before trying for another pregnancy, as this will allow time for your fallopian tubes to recover. However, if you were treated with methotrexate, it is usually recommended that you wait at least three months. Nevertheless, many women are not emotionally ready to try for another pregnancy so soon. Your chances of having a successful pregnancy will depend on the underlying health of your fallopian tubes. In general, 65% of women achieve a successful pregnancy 18 months after having an ectopic pregnancy. Good Luck  Hi The advice on testing for pregnancy is to do it on the first missed day of your next period. But from what your saying you may have missed, you need to have sex around 2 days before your ovulation day, reason, it take male sperm 3 days to reach your egg or where to egg will be, and takes your egg 2 days to get there as well, its all down to timing, now some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month. Some times getting pregnant can be worrying, just try relaxing and stop trying to get pregnant, put away the condoms and live your life, have sex when ever you want, I know its hard, but just try forgetting to get pregnant and who knows it may just happen when you least expect it to happen. Do hope this helps you and hubby. Good Luck  Hi OK yes you can be pregnant and still have a period, in fact a women can go through there whole pregnancy having a monthly period. But as for are you pregnant, you need to wait till you next period, that's if it comes, and do a test on the first missed day, or do a test on what would be your first missed day, or get your doctor to do it. And take it from there. Good Luck  Hi That long you should see a doctor, in fact you should have been there a year to 18 months ago. Good Luck  Hi Look we could chuck figures about for ages, the only real way would be to wait for your next period date, if you dose not come then get a test done, then either an HPT or best at your doctors, if you are you can take it from there. OK Good Luck  Hi all you can do is wait to see if you miss your next period, if you do you get tested, if not, your not pregnant. But I don't think so, having unprotected sex on your ovulation day is not the way to get pregnant. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi And? so where's the rest of your question. Just come back though, answer this, above.  Yes, you can still get pregnant. Sperm can live in the female genital tract for 3 days, so it is possible that there may be functional sperm in the vagina, uterus, or fallopian tubes at the time of ovualtion in your case.  Trying to get pregnant can be exciting, but also frustrating at times. Your wife would have to ovulate before being able to conceive, so conception just before ovulation would not cause her to have a negative ovulation predictor test. It is possible that she had not ovulated yet or that she did not ovulate at all that month. It is possible that the weird feeling was because she was getting close to ovulating. Remember that it is important to test for ovulation for at least 7 days midcycle. Regardless, if her period does not start when anticipated, then take a pregnancy test. Remember that 85% of couples trying to conceive will do so in 1 year.  I would go to your OB or get an RE I found out I wasn't ovulating either. They'll help you get on the right track! ..::Baby Dust::..  Absolutely Not  I would go visit your OB. Maybe you're not ovulating or your hormones are not balanced. I was still having periods but I was not ovulating. With help from my doctor giving me meds my husband and I got pregnant the very first cycle! Good Luck TTC! ..::Baby Dust::..  Yes you can, it's not the norm but for some like myself it may happen. I actually had a light period 4-5 months into all of my pregnancies which was attributed to having low level of HCG. All pregnancies were normal and the infants were fine but I did have bleeding while pregnant.  No, exercise will not stop ovulation or fertilization. The only case were exercise could cause an interruption in ovulation is if you have become underweight and experience an absent menstrual cycle from the lack of fat in the body. Women need a certain level of fat to have a menstrual cycle.  The only way to know for sure is to take a pregnancy test. Good luck!  It's a possibility but I will take a eary pregnant test to rule it out.  Yes, assuming her ovaries are functioning properly, she may still have cervical mucous changes.  If you still have ovaries, you will continue to ovulate until menopause, of course. Assuming your tubal ligation was done properly -- completely cut, a piece removed, and the ends separated -- there should be no way a rogue sperm can make it through (although it has happened, but rarely)  Have your gynecologist perform a pelvic exam during this time or order an ultrasound. A bimanual examination or the ultrasound may reveal the answer. One possibility of many could be an ovarian cyst.  Ovulation is the release of an egg - a human ovum. You cannot get pregnant if you are not ovulating and the right time of your cycle. Of course, you also need viable sperm, usually by having sex with a partner capable of fathering a child, and a uterus capable of nurturing a growing embryo.  Yes. Ovulation isn't just one day that can be accurately predicted (unless you have an ultrasound at home!), it is a of several days. The ovary will release an egg, it will be captured by the Fallopian tubes, and perhaps, become fertilized by any sperm that may be viable along this route. The egg remains quite vulnerable to impregnation for several days. We also know that sperm can remain viable and alive for up to a week in cervical mucous. Your body is uniquely designed to become pregnant, so when all of the pieces are in place.....pregnancy may result.  The pregnancy risk is very small....but not "zero". While I commend your attempts to limit your sexual activity to mutual masturbation, you have a responsibility to keep viable semen away.... ....from your female partner's genital area.  Don't try to prevent pregnancy by these cycle-timing methods and the "pull out" (coitus interruptus) method. Stop having unprotected sex if you don't want to become pregnant. Period. The only way you will know if you are pregnant at this point is to wait.....wait for a missed period or early signs of pregnancy. Then, take a pregnancy test and then repeat the test (if negative) a week or so later. I think you will find it much less stressful to use a condom than to go through this period of uncertainty over and over. Be wise.  What you are doing is not a baby dance, but more of a baby lottery. While it may be considered safe to have sex without any form or contraception at the end of your menstrual cycle, please keep in mind that sperm has this annoying habit of remaining viable for days in your genital tract. If you ovulate early, you may have some rogue sperm hanging around and anxious to find an egg. If you do not want an unintentional pregnancy, you will need to take viable steps to prevent it....not play the lottery. I have no idea if this act will result in a pregnancy, so you will need to sweat it out and wait. Do a pregnancy test if you are having any signs of pregnancy or miss your next period.  There is definitely a chance, since viable sperm can remain for nearly a week. If you don't want to get pregnant, you only have two choices: no sexual intercourse, or using an effective contraceptive method. You will just need to sweat it out for a while, perhaps take a few home pregnancy tests, until you are sure.  Sure. You can even have sex when you are not ovulating. Of course, having unprotected sex during ovulation is how you get pregnant, so if this is not your goal right now or if you are not on an effective method of birth control, many women will avoid sex during the only time of the month that conception is highly likely.  If you are having unprotected sex and have not conceived, it may be time for you to see a gynecologist or fertility specialist to see if there is an underlying medical reason in you or your partner. The female body is designed to get pregnant; not to prevent it. Many times, there are discoverable reasons, so you first step is to be properly examined and evaluated.  That is silly advice, but you do have a 50/50 chance of having a boy (or girl) no matter when you have sex...every day, or every other day. Chromosomes are INSIDE the sperm and egg...the "Y" doesn't really attach to anything.The fastest sperm is often the one that impregnates you, so if you want a boy, all you can do is hope that the sperm swims like Michael Phelps. There are many old wive's tales about techniques to improve your chances of having a boy or girl, but in the end, those techniques are no better than a coin toss. If you get what you want, you will praise the method you used. If you don't, you will not recommend it to anyone. So, let Nature make the decision for you and don't stress out about the sex of a baby that has not been conceived yet. Just hope for a happy, healthy baby.  No. You can not get pregnant from anal sex (even if someone told you this is where attorneys come from). Old joke.... If you are taking birth control PILLS, you will not be ovulating.  You will most likely be fine and not have an unintentional pregnancy. I can't quote your "odds" since there are too many variables in that equation. If you miss a period, then you will have to consider a home pregnancy test or two, but chances are you will be fine.  Charting your cycles and finding your fertile window can be confusing. The good news is that you are putting in the most important day, the day your period starts. A period start usually coincides with the time that our ovary hormones are at there lowest, when the cyst of ovulation from the last cycle has gone away and the body is just starting to pick our next cycle's egg. This is the most important date for your monitor. A period end date is much less helpful because length of cycle is affected by too many factors. I recommend continuing to do exactly what you are doing: enter the first day, best guess on the last day or just let it calculate the date.  There are very good chances that you can get pregnant, but there is no accurate confirmation till you miss your period, so good luck to you, if you are looking forward to get pregnant then I hope it's a good news :) As far as your nipples hurting and breast getting tender can happen without being pregnant too, before u get your period, hormones levels go up and it makes breast lil fuller and tender.  I checked several ovulation calculators, some gave my 1st day of ovulation as the 26th & others gave the 27th & I had unprotected sex on Sunday the 26th, approx the 29th I wiped & had brown blood, not like a period, had to wear a thin pad for a couple of days, still cramping a little bit. My period isn't due until the 12th so it's way too early to take a test. I'm just really stressing out about this.  If your couple ejaculated inside you, it is possible because the semen content had a lifetime of 72 hours after it is ejaculated inside a woman vagina.  If there were no vaginal penetration or insertion of semen in your vagina it is not possible for you to get pregnant. However it is dangerous to do without protection due to ETS diseases.  With Mono almost anything is possible; especially masking other disease processes including leukemia.  Sometimes it just takes time, give it a year if you are under 35. If you are over 35 then 6 months, if no luck by then call your obgyn and make an appointment. Or if your really concerend just go. And if nothing is wrong just relax enjoy the process of making a baby. When you let go and relax that's usually when it happens.  Spotting is not considered a "true" period; rather, the first day of your period begins when you see bright red blood (instead of the brown or rust-color associated with spotting). Given the length of time you've been on depo-provera, it may take some time for your body to readjust to its regular ovulation cycle after being subjected to the artificial one created by the birth control. I wouldn't start those ovulation tests just yet--give your body time to recuperate and have a normal, natural menstrual period. You can read more about timing your intercourse to coincide with ovulation times here, or talk to your doctor about what's best for you. If you're otherwise healthy, I'm sure you'll be well on your way to a baby soon!  YOU MAY OF HAD A WIERD PERIOD WHAT I CALL ON AND OFF AGAIN FLOW [LOL] OVILATION IS 2 1/2 WEEKS AFTER PERIOD NORMAL ESTIMATION IT HAS CLEAR SNOTTY DISCHARGE AND PAIN IN ONE OR THE OTHER OVIARY THE ONE THAT HURTS IS THE ONE DROPPING THE EGG EVEN BOTH OVERIES CAN HAVE PAIN DURRING OVILATION WHICH MEANS YOU ARE DROPPING 2 EGGS {;TWINS} IF BOTH ARE FIRTILIZED. I NEVER HEARD OF BLOODY DISCHARGE DURING OV THAT YOU DESCRIBE.[A NORMAL PERIOD IS WHAT I CALL IS[MY FRIEND IS VISITING] LOL!!!!  Not to my knowledge. I don't see a correlation there.  Some women get pregnant right after going off the pill and it may take others a longer time. If you are trying to get pregnant quickly, your best bet is to first find out if you are ovulating. You can buy an ovulation test kit at the store or try a basal body temperature thermometer to help figure it out. The thermometer is cheaper but not as accurate. Generally, it's best to have sex a day or two before you ovulate. You can also try counting in your cycle....most women ovulate between days 10 and 14. may give you some additional ideas. Good luck!  Probably because you period can be late fore unanimous of reasons like stress, changing you activity's or or mother nature just want to make you miserable!!!!  I would depend how regular you are honestly. Contrception date is a hard things to figure out because it could go either way. I counted back about 32 days from my missed period day since i have irregular periods to figure out my contraception date. Honestly, I just focus on the fact that I am pregant and coming in June i will be having a child....not so much when she was conceived.  You may want to take another test and also see your doctor.   Are your periods normal? Have you been on birth control in the last 6 months to year? If so, sometimes it takes a while to get back on tract. Was the bleeding light or like your normal periods? Are you having any other symptoms? If are trying to get pregnant, you may want to take a pregnancy test if the bleeding was spotting or light, you could be pregnant already. If you are pregnant, when the baby implants it's self to your uterus you may have some cramping and some spotting to light bleeding. I would talk with my OB-GYN and see what he/she says. You should ovulate about 14 to 15 days after your last period. Your temp will go up a little bit when you are ovulating and you might have some cramping too. I hope this helps....  Yes I think you are ovulating your body is trying to catch up I think . Did you have intercourse after you lost the baby because you can be pregnant again and Think it is a normal flow . Tell me more about it ?  also i have been making #2 more frequently  The life span of sperm after ejaculation depends on the circumstances. Sperm ejaculated into a woman's vagina can live in a woman's cervical mucus or upper genital tract for three to five days. Fertilization is possible as long as the sperm remain alive. So It is possible that u may get pregnant  Yes it is the result of plan b. I took it once and i had the same effects as you did and got my period a week later due to the pill that disintegrated the egg. The plan b box has the side effects as well.  have used IUDs in the past. It had to be removed due to heavy bleeding. I was still able to concieve.  some home tests will not read a pregnancy until 2 weeks 14 days after your missed period. i was 4 months pregnant and every home test was negative, i then went to the Dr to find out i was almost half way done with my pregnancy already!!! I was shocked!!! i have had 3 children since then and have NEVER purchased another home test!!  IF you got your period then you should not be pregnant. however, if it was late or if the period was way shorter than it should be (from your normal period) than it might be a spotting. i suggest either talk to a doctor about it or wait until the next month to see if you have another period  probably the best answer to get pregnant, is stop trying. it usally does works. my sister got 3 kids and both of her girls are unplanned. the boy (the middle child) was planned. they did not plan to have another child until the boy was 3 or 4 years old and that didnt happen. he was almost a year old when my sis found out that she was pregnant again.  You should definitely be tested for pregnancy as no protection is 100% effective and your symptoms can be related to pregnancy.  Normally 9 days after a missed period, but usually wait around 2 weeks just to be sure (:  NO  yes  You could be pregnant, but the best advice I can give you is GO SEE YOUR DOCTOR!  The odds are that you are not pregnant however there is always that slight chance as the only full proof birth control is abstinence. You probably should give it a week or so then take a home test if you still think you may be pregnant.  I have had these symptoms but I am going through peri menopause. I am 47. My mother went through menopause at 50. But you could still be pregnant. Take a test as soon as you can, and of course, see your doctor.  There are several things that could be causing this, but the two most likely would be endometriosis or polycystic ovarian syndrom (PCOS). As you said that you are an older couple this would be very, very unlikely after menopause, but you mentioned it is after ovulation. The fact that it has happened multiple times leads me to believe that it is endometriosis, however the duration of the pain could be a cyst popping, caused either by the endometriosis or the PCOS. Either way I would head in to see your gyno and explain the situation.  No, you do not still ovulate after conception. The point of ovulation is to release a fresh egg for fertilization. As you already have a very ripe and fertilized egg, there is no need for this.  yes for sure take a test and consult an OB GYN! GOOD LUCK!  You can still have your period when pregnant normally they are lighter than normal I'd say you can take one now or wait till next month to see if you have your period or not if you do have it and its still light I'd go to the doctor and have them give you a test because if your not pregnant they will be able to tell you why your having light periods / and of course if you don't start that's a sign you should take one :) I hope I helped! Good luck!  No you can't be pregnant in one day. Because sperms needs some time to travel to ovary and ovulate. Then only the reproduction takes place. baby carrier backpack  If you had your period - you have no reason to worry. Plus it's unlikely that you were ovulating at that time (a week before your period is well after when you'd typically ovulate). It's very unlikely that you pregnant.  but it was protected ???  Yes, it is possible and not uncommon. If you keep doing this, month  Yes, there is a greater chance since she is freshly cleaned from menstrating  @ NOHARD Yes, had thyroid checked a few months ago and it's completely normal.  The most earliest signs are fatigue, sore breast, missed period,and nausea. Several of websites say the same thing.  when i was early in pregnancy before i actually found out i was nautious morning noon and night not just in the morning and i was very sensitive to smells and something that might have smelled good to me before smelled horrible and made me nautious then! I smoked cigarettes before i found out and every time i would try and smoke it made me very sick to my stomach especially the smell! I was so tired and i couldn't get enough sleep no matter how much i slept ,that's all i wanted to do was sleep! theses symptoms started for me about 6 weeks of pregnancy up until 3 months and i found out i was pregnant about 8 weeks i knew once these symptoms started to occur i was most likely pregnant being i had two children already and had these same symptoms with the other two pregnancies!  My periods are very regular and not on meds!  If you think you may be pregnant, it's best to take a test. It could be ovarian cysts too. They are like cramps and usually the follicular cysts are most painful around ovulation.  just wondering if anyone had an answer on this?  it is possible that you could be pregnant, however it takes about a week to two weeks for the birth control to get out of your system. if i were you i would take a pregnancy test on or around the first week of February. hope this helps.  on or just before the 2an mth you will have tenderness in your breast,sick in the morning or night,you can smell things you wouldn't normally notice. crapping but no period,you may spot a little,pink,. id just go get a test if i were you..good luck  I agree. The best thing you can do is relax! Don't think about getting pregnant. Just enjoy. That's when it happened for my husband and I. I was constantly thinking, when I stopped thinking and just relaxed. Boom! haha  Sure can do to the potency of precum.  