might want to get a colonoscopy to check for obstruction may want to try magnesium citrate available at drug stores  If it is a home pregnancy test which aren't 100% accurate of course can give you the wrong result it also depends on when you took the test.  yes if period only lasted 3 days of those seven days.  what is famara?  a day or two delay.  yes.  what makes you to not see a doctor after the second month of not having your period.  the best is to go to a doctor and have a blood test done and ultra saund.  you have pilonidal disease What is pilonidal disease? source:http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/tc/pilonidal-disease-topic-overview  There is a chance of implantaion so you may be pregnant  You are probably just spotting. It is completely normal.  I WAS TAKING PILLS BUT NOW DISCONTINUE BUT IT STOPS MY PERIODS ALTHOUGH I M NOT PREGNANT .HOW TO GET PERIODS AGAIN?  The amount of time between periods can vary. It isn't exactly once a month; sometimes it can have a lot of delay and other times it can come earlier than expected. The blood flow is heavier on some days than it is on others. Sometimes there is a heavy blood flow, the next day there's hardly and blood, and the day after that, the flow could be heavy again. Also, the vagina tends to bleed less when the period is almost over. The stomach pains you felt were most likely ovary cramps, which are normal. They can start before your period actually occurs. Drinking lots of water, and placing a hot water bottle on your lower abdomen, can help soothe these pains.  It could be that your period is about to start soon. Cramps can occur before the period actually starts. If you don't think it's the right time for your period to be starting soon, and it doesn't go away after a few days, it could be something more serious. Ovarian cancer is one of the possiblities, so you may need to get it checked.  See a doctor.  It depends, if you had unprotected sex.But if the intensity of orgasm was not much at that level, such that there is improper combination of sperms then there is not possibility of getting pregnant. ?<!-- br {mso-data-placement:same-cell;} -->http://www.nationalhealthreport.com/  It is possible that you are pregnant. If you want to be sure, take a home pregnancy test or make an appointment with your doctor. If the home test comes back negative, you may want to see your doctor anyways just to make sure everything is okay.  At least put up your both feets at a horizontal way with some cusion to help, it should lower your swelling.  There are a few things you can do to help determine if/when you ovulate. You can check your temps, buy an ovulation prediction kit, and watch the changes in your cervical mucus. I recommend visiting these websites: Fertilityfriend.com will help you create your chart to to help you find out about your ovulation and Cafemom.com has a group called TTC (trying to conceive) those ladies know all about the charting :) Best wishes to you.  Try visiting Fertilityfriend.com This website can teach you how to better predict if/when you ovulate. Also, cafemom.com is a great support site of women just like you. Check out their group called TTC (trying to conceive). Best wishes!  I understand what your going through, not sure the cause because I have not yet visited a doctor, i'm seventeen and just got married but also, have not had a period since may 2013 and it's now November 2013. this may not help but you know your not alone. And I'm not pregnant.!  your hymen could have been broken.  Sorry but you completely misunderstood my question.  While ovulating your body can produce it's own symptoms. I would check with your doctor to see if this is a possibility. Also be sure to take follow up pregnancy tests to ensure you are not pregnant as pregnancy can still occur with Plan B as well as bleeding similar to periods.  Go to the E.R. to have them check on how your pregnancy is progressing or if you are experiencing a miscarriage. I have had 3 and each one had different symptoms from cramping with no bleeding to bleeding but no cramping. I also experienced bleeding throughout my third full pregnancy but still gave birth to a healthy child. Only a doctor can tell you what is happening.  Go to the doctor and have them run a blood test. I had tests come out like this and I was in deed pregnant. Only a blood test will reveal if you are for sure pregnant and how far along you are. This would also be based assuming you read the test before the throw away time and saw the positive (no matter how light) before 10 minutes.  Provera reacts to bodies differently. I was on it to "Stop" bleeding due to bleeding for 3 months straight. I have heard of women being on it to regulate a cycle that was late or too often so it really could go either way for you. This would be a question as to what your doctors plan is for the medicine.  ...The price of the sunglasses does not guarantee the amount of UV protection. More importantly, if you are wearing sunglasses that are darkly tinted yet do not offer much UV protection, the back of your eyes will be exposed to more UV light, not less. This is because the tinted lenses will encourage your pupils to dilate (enlarge), which will then allow more UV light to reach the back of your eye. Although this UV exposure may not take its toll immediately, increased UV exposure has clearly been linked to many forms of eye disease that may not show up for decades. Age-related macular degeneration and cataracts are just two forms of delayed eye disease that good (not necessarily expensive) eyeglasses can help prevent.  A thick white vaginal discharge without a smell is normal. Hormonal levels affect the amount and color of your vaginal discharge. Since birth control pills contain hormones it is natural that they will affect your vaginal discharge. Some birth control pills contain higher levels of estrogen and some are progesterone only without estrogen. If the discharge is bothersome it may be advisable to change to a different type of birth control. The concern with your discharge is that it smells. This could be a sign of an infection. You should see your gynecologist about your discharge and discuss whether it is a sign of infection and whether another birth control pill would be better for you. The estrogen in birth control pills lowers the acidity of secretions in your vagina and increases your risk of yeast infections. A vaginal yeast infection usually causes a sore, itchy vagina with a thick, clumpy, white discharge that has no odor and looks a little like cottage cheese. As long as a vaginal discharge is not associated with pain, itching, discoloration, or a bad odor it can be a positive effect. A vaginal discharge helps lubricate the vagina for intercourse. In women who are not on birth control, vaginal discharge can indicate whether or not ovulation is occurring. During ovulation women have an abundant, clear, wet, and stretchy discharge. Many women compare the discharge at ovulation to raw egg whites.  You should immediately consult a doctor because there are a lot of reasons for this starting from hormonal imbalance to cancer. Its always better to get tested as early as possible  Thanks, Nohard, but I'm not sure I follow your comment. Yes, I took my pills as normal after getting caught up on them. My bf and I were intimate days after I was caught up.  The most common reason for bleeding twice in one calendar month occurs when a normal period begins on the first or second day of the month, and then another arrives at the very end; because the normal cycle length (from the first day of one to the first day of the next) ranges from 23 to 35 days, this can allow two perfectly normal periods to arrive in the same calendar month. Most of the time, however, when women talk about having two periods in a month, they are not referring to this circumstance. Often they mean they are starting a period every two weeks or so -- certainly less than the 23-day interval that is considered within the normal range. Anything that can disrupt the delicate hormonal dance that produces ovulation can lead to either skipped periods or periods that come too often. Hormonal imbalance as a cause of frequent periods is often seen as a woman nears menopause. Thyroid dysfunction may also be a factor. Another reasons for twice-a-month periods is abnormal thickening of the uterine lining. This thickening can be due to hormonal imbalance or to taking estrogen without a progesterone medication as well; estrogen causes the uterine lining to proliferate and become thick and lush, while progesterone thins out the lining; a balance between these two hormones is necessary to ensure regular, moderate periods. Polyps (projections of tissue that protrude into the uterine cavity) or fibroids that impinge on the uterine cavity may also cause irregular periods. In this case, the uterine lining tissue that overlies these projections is less stable, increasing the chance that it will be shed at an inappropriate time. Also, fibroids and polyps increase the surface area of the uterine lining, often leading to prolonged and heavier bleeding. If your periods are coming less than 23 days apart (counted from the beginning of one to the beginning of the next), then you should see your gynecologist. A biopsy may be necessary to rule out an abnormal thickening of the uterine lining. Blood tests may be done to assess hormone levels. Most of the time the reason for frequent bleeding is benign, but occasionally the problem can be more serious; for this reason, and because excess bleeding can lead to anemia, too-frequent periods must be investigated.  No she wont get pregnant. The vagina is full of toxic chemicals to kill of bacteria and even semen. About 70% semen from a full ejaculation is killed from the natural toxic chemicals created by the female reproductive system even before it reaches the uterus. So if I were you, I wouldn't stress out too much about your girlfriend getting pregnant cause the chances of your semen reaching an egg is about a 1/10000 chance.  Get on the pill  I don't know why this has happened but I recommend that you visit your doctor.  Yes, This is very normal. You said you haven't had your period in 2 years. Your releasing all that backed up blood. You will experience:  My mom and sister went through the same thing. My mom is 50 and has had a tubal since 1987. She discovered she was suffering from severe endometriosis. She had an oblasion done and has never had another issue. My sister is 29 and last year she looked like she was 9 months pregnant. She has had her tubes tied since March 2008. She found she had endometriosis as well as tumors. They performed a hystorectomy and she has not had anymore issues so far.  dear Nohard,but as far as I know yeast infection is heavy and tick and just like cheese...but my discharge is yellow and not tick...do you think that it is due to taking Yasmin??  No I was not on the pill...I have not been on birth control for 2 years.  I'd take a pregnancy test.  Possibly.  I'd wait at least 2 weeks.  The short answer is yes and no. Yes she can get pregnant from pre-cum and, no she cannot get pregnant the day or two after her period ends. The long answer is as follows:<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p> Using a condom and/or birth control will help keep your minds at ease and are likely your best method for not having an unwanted baby. Most health departments will offer both at little to no cost. If it is true that her period ended on Friday then it is highly unlikely that she will become pregnant, day after pill or not. Sperm can live for 24-72 hours in the female body. Most will die off en-route searching for an egg however it only takes one egg and one sperm. A woman's cycle works like this. Period starts and triggers a turn of events. The LH phase is the phase when her body is not fertile, typically 10-16 days from the day the period starts depending on her specific cycle. Then the fertile days come in to play. For about 4-5 days her body will be in a fertile state but typically it is the last two days of this particular cycle when she is most ready to get pregnant. Once this phase is over her body prepares to have another period to shed the lining that has built up to accept the pregnancy. I would suggest getting an app on her phone that tracks her cycle and her most fertile times of the month. Mostly because I don't see you two using a condom or birth control no matter how many people tell you that you should. At least this way you two will have a better understanding of where her body is at and when its at that point to try and keep from getting pregnant. It can take about three months to get the app lined up with her cycle to track the days with the most accuracy. Please keep in mind that this is for a woman with a 'normal' cycle however even with an abnormal cycle it is highly unlikely to get pregnant within a few days of ending a period. This information comes from personal experience with tracking my own cycle to achieve pregnancy which I have done successfully. Best of luck to you both!  It could be a number of things. My experience has been overly stressed and worked out due to my job being physically demanding causing a late period. There could be a possibility that you're pregnant and your levels wouldn't be high enough to make a positive read. I had that happen my first pregnancy and had to take another test 2 weeks later and then came out positive. Your best bet is to put it in the back of your mind for now so you don't stress yourself out thinking about it. It's a 50/50 chance of going either way. You're pregnant or your period has delayed for a bit.  I have heard of some people having to have a blood test done to confirm pregnancy. It is very possible that you are pregnant, especially if you had a positive result on a test. It could just be that you have skipped a period. I would buy a slightly more expensive test and try again, or visit my doctor if it was me. I have always had dead on results with EPT pregnancy tests and they are fairly cheap. Good luck!  Greetings, if you have taken several Urine Tests and they've all come up negative, your HcG Levels might be too low to detect. A blood Test can give better results. Try going to your OB/GYN to have a blood Test done.  Did you have unprotected sex between your last period and this one? Are you stressing a lot? Those are things you have to look at first. Pregnancy shouldn't be the first thing people think about when it comes to late, missed or Spotting periods. Stress, being over weight, medication and a change in physical activity can also cause changes in your periods. If you are still unsure see your OB/GYN. I wish you the best. God Bless.   I am sorry for the illness of your brother-in-law. I do not know his medical history and I am not a doctor, but Ill try to provide you with some information as follows: Summary: Many times there are no overt symptoms of liver disease during the early stages of liver disease including cirrhosis. It is suspected that your brother-in-law may be in a more advanced stage of liver disease. Your brother-in-law appears to be in an acute stage of liver disease that has resulted in toxin build-up within the body causing stage 3 Hepatic Encephalopathy. Hepatic Encephalopathy patients may have a reversal of this condition with efficient and timely medical treatment. Unfortunately some Hepatic Encephalopathy patients do not respond to treatment and death may occur. I hope that this answer has been helpful and that you and your family remain well during this period of medical uncertainty.  I am sorry for your sister's decision. Unfortunately she has chosen alcohol over life. I am not a doctor; medical advice should always be sought-out first as being most reliable from the physician in charge of a patient's case. With that said, I'll help you to understand what may be going on from a lay-person's perspective, and from the outside. Your sister may be suffering from bleeding due to oesophageal varices . Yes, this one of the last stages of liver failure due to alcoholic cirrohosis. These varices can be seen as striations marks on the abdomen and represent blood vessels running from the GI tract. Blood is diverted by way of veins into the body's system without being processed by the liver. The varices eventually become larger and hemorrhaging may occur. Even with medical treatment, the mortality rate is high as re-bleeding episodes are frequent. Treatment made soon after symptoms appear may prolong life. These treatments include controlling the bleeding with ice packs, blood replacement, and various medications. Sometimes a patient with early diagnosis and treatment may become be a candidate for a life saving liver transplant. Due to the apparent advanced stage of liver disease in your sister's case, the most likely treatment will be efforts to prolong life through the control of bleeding and palliative measures. I am sorry for the dismal prognosis. Hopefully my answer has provided you with some beneficial information. I wish you peace during your time of family crisis.  The answer is a resounding yes . Waiting for a lung cancer diagnosis may be detrimental to the patient's health and ultimately their prognosis.. According to Journal of Thoracic Disease , "Many patients report delays in diagnosing their lung cancer disease. This delay may contribute to advanced stage at diagnosis and poor long term survival." Many aggressive lung cancer cases have already begun to spread by the time that they are initially discovered on screening studies. In the large study cited by Journal of Thoracic Disease , patients waited 21 days before seeing a doctor, and a further 22 days to complete any investigation. The medium time frame from presentation to specialist referral was 27 days and a further 27 1/2 days to complete further investigation. The medium wait time to begin treatment after entering a cancer treatment center was an additional 10 days. The overall time from development of the first symptoms to starting treatment was 138 days, or more than 4 months. I hope that this answer has been helpful and that you are successful in fighting this disease.  Sometimes as human beings, we are subjected to one stressing life event after another. No matter the nature of these negative events of life and their cumulative bodily assault, there is a tendency on our part to outwardly appear "strong" and remain "Poker faced". Recently, you've been subjected to more than your fair share of life's down moments. Let me tell you about a 1960's study completed by 2 men, Holmes & Rale. No matter what you may think about the study, there is certainly some degree of validity attached to the findings.They questioned 5,000 individuals about life events and developed a scale to assess the probably of experiencing a stress related illness. At the bottom of the scale were individuals who scored < 150 points with having only a slight risk for illness.150-299 points revealed a moderate risk, and 300 + points suggested Being At Risk of Illness . The scale applied a numeric value to 43 different life events. Death of a spouse was the number 1 stressor and assigned 100 points. Here are a few of those life changing elements & corresponding values that may apply in your situation: 8th place- 47 points - Dismissal from work, 6th place - 53 points - Personal injury or illness, 2nd place- 73 points- Divorce 3rd place- 65 points- Marital separation As you can see, I've only noted 4 elements out of the possible 43, and already show you in the moderate range for being at risk for illness. Just imagine what your total points may be after considering the remaining stressing elements. You have every right to feel, as you described, "A Bit Depressed". Other responsible studies have shown a strong relationship between pre-surgical depression and experiencing less than ideal surgical outcomes. These studies are also coupled with citations claiming that a more lengthy recovery period may be necessary. Finally, most doctors would tell you that the majority of their office visit patients have some co-existing stress and depression symptoms. With that said, here are a few recommendations respectively submitted for your consideration: - Tell your doctor about your depressed mood, - Start treatment in the form of talk therapy and/or medication prior to your surgery, - Discuss your depressed mood with family members and close friends. Just unburdening your true feelings to another human being is therapeutic, - Join a support group that meets your emotional needs. It is helpful to hear other people tell us how they dealt with the same problem that we are experiencing, You stated in your question, " I want to get the operation out the way, and my situation gives me some time to do the op right now, and get on with my life." So do not delay in having the surgery. Instead, focus on living a joyful life and receiving depression treatment. Visualize positive expectations; it's a powerful tool that really works.  According to a reliable pregnancy calculator, and based upon the 1st day of your last period, the following information is revealed: Estimated Due Date is 5/8/2015 Gestational Age Today (9/13/2014) is 6 week(s), 1 day(s) or 1.41 month(s) months. Date of Conception was 8/15/2014. I hope that this answer has been helpful.  Gabapentin or Neurontin is a great medication. But like many medications, side effects and drug interactions can occur. Gabapentin was approved by the FDA to control seizure disorders, but is often prescribed "off label" to treat neurological types of pain. While not reported as frequently occurring, serious long-term side effects seem to be limited to experiencing more seizure episodes and flu-like symptoms. Some less serious long-term side effects may include headaches, loss of appetite, and dizziness. I have taken Gabapentin 600 mg. 3x's per day for more than 15 years and would never consider stopping this pain treatment. My only side effect seems to sometimes feeling excessively sleepy, but I'll happily accept that problem in order for my back pain to have been reduced.  Hair loss can be due to many reasons. It is interesting to note that the average adult naturally loses 100 hairs per day (source WebMD). Dieting, taking of some medications, and stress can all be contributing factors to hair loss. Drugs.com reports that Prozac is seen as a causation in the process of losing hair (although on an infrequent basis). Another respected source claims that Prozac causes hair loss in every 100 - 1000 patients. There are also many anecdotal stories from regular folks like us who claim to have lost excessive hair while receiving Prozac therapy. Here are my suggestive actions and final comments: Yes, Prozac is most likely responsible for hair loss in some people. Congratulation on your weight loss, but I would now stay away from the Atkins diet . This low carb diet may be a good catalyst to start losing weight for a short period of time, but is not healthy over the long term..Stress not only affects hair loss ,but also many negative physical and emotional conditions including premature death. Find an outlet to safely eliminate stress. In a nutshell, eat nutritious meals, drink 64 ounces of water daily after discussing it with your doctor, sleep well (7-8 hours nightly), exercise as permitted by your doctor, develop friendships with others, enjoy working on a hobby, take care of a pet or volunteer to help others, and maintain a daily sense of gratitude and joy, These lifestyle changes will absolutely make you feel better and may even help to reduce your hair loss.   Nohard, thank you for your answer. Your suggested article was interesting and appreciated. I had read that Tart Cherry Juice (specifically) contains anti-inflammatory properties which helps with nerve control, may improve gout symptoms, and protects against muscle damage and the development of arthritis. I'm taking a leap of hope that some WebMd posters may have tried Tart Cherry Juice and can report on their experiences. I 'm looking for some reliable accountings from our peers to either support or refute what I had read. The product is somewhat pricy, but worth it if is effective in treating back pain.  I have a friend and she had her tube tied for 17yrs. She got pregnant and couldn't belive it. Neither could I, her tube came untied. So yes you could be pregnant. You could be going through mood swing and hot flases and still be pregnant. No one do not know your body, who are they to judge, only God and Mother Nature know best. Good Luck!  I hate to say it, if that the only way to get a period, take the period. Unless Mother Nature come by.  It could be something else, you need to go to doctor and see why are you having all these problem, maybe your ovarian cysts came back. I can't really say, I just advise you to see your doctor. I hope this help you. Good Luck Luv.  Wow, I don't think so. I say that because you did not mention any symptoms at all. Why would you want to get pregnant at 53, by time the baby get 18 you be 71. What is your health like? Are you in good health? I mean if you want to have a baby this late in life ,its a good for you. If you could get pregnant, you out of date. You didn't have a period in May 2011 its 2013. Now what that tell you. You not pregnant yet.  Actually, yes, you could still be pregnant. The only form of birth control that is 100% effective is abstinence. I know women who have gotten pregnant while on the pill. I realize that I'm a little late in answering your question, but it is possible.  I don't have your exact answer, but if you have a smartphone you can download an app called "Period Tracker" that will keep track of your cycle, symptoms, intimacy dates, and ovulation. There is also a "Pregnancy Mode" that will track your pregnancy.  You should try taking another test. Even if it was a little bit you could still get pregnant  thank you for that but sex has been the same since im living with my bf  I would say try taking another test. I read that sometimes it's better to take another test a week after the neg test  yes  I don't have an answer either but I'm also going to the dr for this Tuesday I have all the signs, I've also been trying to get pregnant for years. Can't wait to find out if it can actually happen I'm 36 so I was starting to really worry. Good luck!  The answer is yes, the only form of birth control that is 100% effective is complete abstinence. The effectiveness of the pill is very user dependent. Typically about 8 women out of 100 that use BCP's will get pregnant during the first year of use. However, when used as directed only about 1 in 100 women get pregnant. Remember, that this degree of effectiveness with the pill depends on you taking the pill exactly as directed and at the same time of day every day. Abnormal or breakthrough bleeding is common during the first few months of use and its very normal. This typically is just an adjustment that the body needs to make to the newer levels of hormones. The duration of this abnormal bleeding pattern depends on the type of BCP you use and often can last much longer in women taking continuous dose pills. To ease your mind, get a pregnancy test done. Many over the counter tests can detect pregnancy as early as 6-7 days before a misssed period. Also remember that BCP's don't protect against STD's, so if you are sexually active use a backup method like a condom.  For girls just entering puberty, its not unusual to have irregular periods. At the beginning of this stage of development not having regular and monthly periods is not uncommon. Most likely her body is adjusting to what will be a very complex interplay of hormones that result in breast develop, fat redistribution , bone maturation and monthly periods. Otherwise known as puberty, this is a complete, delicate, and permanent change in her body.<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> However, other clues to look at are stress, changes in weight, and excess exercise. Many girls participate in daily and strenuous physical activity and this can alter the delicate hormones that result in monthly cycles. Often, if exercise is excessive and accompanied by extreme weight loss this can cause missed periods. <o:p></o:p> <o:p></o:p> If youve notice an increase in facial hair, acne, or if she is overweight consider a prediabetes-like condition known as PCOS. A family history is important. Are there other women that have had late onset of periods, irregular period, or excess body hair? <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> Her missed periods could be a normal part of development. This is the perfect time for her and you to visit the pediatrician. Your daughter is entering a completely new stage of her life and she will have many questions about her body and the changes that will happen physically and emotionally . <o:p></o:p>  By convention, the first day of your period is the first day of your menstrual cycle. Around day 7 several eggs start to develop in your ovaries. However, only one egg will predominate and be release when you ovulate. For the average menstrual cycle, which is 28-32 days ovulation occurs on day 14. Remember that these are average days, some woman have shorter cycles and other have longer cycles.  <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p> </o:p> PCOS is the most common hormonal problem in young women. <o:p></o:p> It can cause infertility, diabetes, and an increased risk of some cancers. <o:p></o:p> The signs of this condition often include irregular periods, acne, and increase or abnormal distribution of body hair. Most women with PCOS have problems with weight management.<o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> There are many treatments that target specific goals: Oral contraception normalizes periods, improves acne and can help reduce facial hair; Diabetes medications, help improve insulin sensitivity and reduces the risk of insulin resistant and type 2 diabetes; Ovulation induction, can help women achieve pregnancy; But dieting , exercise, and weight loss are the cornerstone of treatment and targets all of the above. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> PCOS cannot be cured but it can be treated so its important to stick to your treatment. Even more critical is that you know what your treatments targets. Not all women with PCOS have the same objectives when seeking medical care. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> It appears that your goal is successful weight loss, and weight management. You need a health care team that knows how to handle weight issues more aggressively. Set realistic goals: what are your pounds per week to loss? Whats a reasonable calorie restriction for you? Whats your exercise plan? And how will you monitor these intervention and stick with your plan ? Your plan will help you and your healthcare providers move you toward weight loss and better health. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> One of many suggestions that I give patients are apps for smart phones and a buddy systems for exercise. You'll be more accountable and likely to follow through. At the time of your follow up, your doctor will then have information to push more aggressively through better nutritional consultation, prescription medications, or surgery.<o:p></o:p>  Yes, you could still be pregnant. Even with the best contraceptive method, if you are sexual active, theres always the possibility that you can get pregnant. A womens cycle can vary in days from month to month & ovulation doesnt always happen exactly on day 14. With all the hormones that control the female menstrual cycle theres quite a bit of variation in the timing of ovulation and your fertile days. A home pregnancy test can detect pregnancy with 97% accuracy but not all of them are this sensitive or accurate. Waiting a few weeks after a missed period increases the accuracy of the test. As far as abdominal pain, if its worsening or more severe and includes symptoms such as vomiting, fever, pain with movement, you should be evaluated as soon as possible. There are endless possibilities as to what could cause this pain and a physical exam & testing would be needed.<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p>  The length of a cycle can vary from month to month, so I don't know that anyone can confirm that a biochemical pregnancy has caused a delay in your period. If the egg has becomes fertilized, HCG is produced and a home pregnancy test can detect it in your urine as soon as 6 days before a missed period. If you are trying to conceive purchase a home pregnancy testing kit. Talk to the pharmacist since there are many available that have different sensitivities in detecting HCG. A fertilized egg not implanting into the endometrium could point to a luteal phase problem such as insufficient progesterone or problems with the uterine lining.  Not having your period, and stomach pain, are classic symptoms. Pain in your shoulder, or while having a bowel movement could also indicate an ectopic pregnancy. <?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p> <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p> </o:p> One of your biggest risks is having had a previous tubal pregnancy. <o:p></o:p> <o:p> </o:p> You should be evaluated as soon as possible since none of these are considered proof positive of a tubal pregnancy; regardless, youll need to figure out why you havent had a period.<o:p></o:p>  Home pregnancy tests can help you determine if you are pregnant before the first day of your next scheduled period. Some detect the hormones of pregnancy around four to six days before your next period. Some home pregnancy tests are labeled as being extremely sensitive, however these vary by brand. It's probably best to speak to your local pharmacist about the specifics of each of these over- the- ounter products to help you detect pregnancy as early as possible.  It was mainly just a bloody mucus when I wiped.. Does that mean I'm pregnant it happened 8 days after I had unprotected sex  This happened to me also. At 35 I stopped having periods for 10 years and then they started again regularly for 4 months and then stopped again, that was 5 years ago...still period free. Because of this we are at greater risk for uterine cancer and need to be vigilant about keeping up with our yearly check up.  it could be the birth control flushing out of your system, but that depends on the birth control you were on. I suggest going to the doctor anyways.  Thanks for your response...I went to the Dr. and I am pregnant and I live with my child's father so it wasn't any need to get in touch with him. He's been supportive thus far. Thanks again.  Sometimes the more active we are during our periods the easier they become.  First of all do not panic. There are a number of reasons that could explain a late period. Sometimes your menstrual cycle can get a little nifty and change its times and dates. If you are feeling like you normally do when you have your period then you are most likely to start it properly any time soon.Sometimes you may get the same side effects of your usual period and a little spotting up to a whole week before you actually begin. However this is no reason for you to worry, its nothing unusual and it does not mean that there is something wrong with you. I understand you say that you are 100% positive and certain that you can not be pregnant however I still must include as much as I can to help you and provide you with the necessary information. So if you have had sexual intercourse since your last period whether it was protected or not then I recommend that if you still have not started your period a week after it is supposed to be due then to take a pregnancy test just to be on the safe side. However it is not only pregnancy that can prevent you from receiving your period. There are other possible ways and I will list them here for you. If you do not believe that any of these reasons can explain your late/missed period then I strongly advise you to arrange an appointment with your GP as only he/she will be able to give you a definite answer. Until then please do not worry yourself just wear protection incase you do begin and just carry on as normal.  That could be very possible, I suggest getting blood work done, talk to your family doctor, it is possible she will refer you to a specialist. My biggest advice is to be open and honest with your doctors.  Yes it happened to me and I now have a 22yr old son! Get checked  1. No. 2. Lubrcation minimizes the risk, if the condom broke it would have broke completely - think of how rubber breaks.  why dont try to have the dna for your assurance but you said you didnt do it inside and dint finish ,, i might say its not yours  The best thing you should do is go to your doctor. For one - a urine or blood pregnancy test, two - any other tests or exams on both you & your partner, like fertilization, test on your bodys, see if you're healthy, normal crap like that and to see if there could be anything else wrong. Go see your doctor, they'll ask you questions and you should ask him/her questions that you want/need to know or anything youre concerned about, they'll give you the best answer honestly.  You should deff go see your doctor! Miscarriages happen some-what quickly, it doesnt last through-out your periods. But you could be getting the sympotms and the embryo/fetus - whatever could still be inside of you, you would need to go to the docs ASAP, that can hurt your body & mess up trying to concive later on. The miscariage signs are like lower back pains, horrible cramping, bleeding very, very heavily, headaches, and sometimes you can go under a panic attack because your body knows whats happening. Thats happend to me before. But ive been on the pill before my periods done the same, i think they're just irregular because of the hormones the pill is releasing in your body. But you never know, it could be something wrong with your body, go see your doctor, for sure.  I would say no. You can have implantation bleeding, however, implantation bleeding would never be enough to fill a super tamping.  You can deal with this situation. If you are on contraceptive pills then you may delay your periods with the help of those pills. For example; if you are having a combined contraceptive pill then you can make it by taking two packets back to back. It means if you are having a combined pill for 21 day which is follwed by 7 days without pills at the time of your bleeding. So, you need have a new packet of pills just after the first one you finished. If you do so; you'll surely delay your periods. And if you want the contraceptive pills or birth control pills at your doorstep then you may get them from online pharmacies like, Drugpillstore, Meds247online and Medsonline4u etc.  Did you take pregnancy test if not then please first of all go for it. If you took and it is negative then you are having Amenorrhea in which a woman experience absence of periods for three to six months or longer. It happens due to imblance of body hormones estrogen and progeterone. Due to this hormonal imbalance a woman usually got disturb her normal pattern of periods. And another reason for it in women can be PCOS and Hypothyroidism. So, if you want to regulate your monthly cycle you need to go for HT (Hormonal Therapy) in which a woman need to go on birth control pills to balance the body hormones. These pills or contraceptive pills contains body hormones estrogen and progestrone and help to control irregular periods. And for this you can opt for Depo Provera, Ovral G, Nexplanon and Mirena etc. And you may get these medicines at your doorstep from online pharmacies like, Meds247online etc.  As per your descriprtion you need to konw that what is Infertility and should you need to be on Clomid or not?  Ok, you are having hair on your chin and Acne also, then it means you are suffering from Hirsutism in which excess growth of hairs on the face or body are normal.  It can be Metrorrhegia in which women get such type of periods. It happens due to imbalance of body hormones estrogen and progestrogen. They disturb a woman's monthly cycle. And it occurs in the women with PCOS and Hypothyroidism.  The normal periods are of 28 days. But as you told you are having it three times then it is called as irregular periods. Irregular periods usually occurs due to hormonal imbalance of estrogen and progesterone and also caused in women with PCOS and Hypothyroidism. But any type of irregular periods can be treated if women opt for birth control pills or oral contraception as they contain estrogen and progesterone hormones and prescribed to control irregularities of periods. SO, please start having Birth Control pills like, Depo Provera, Nexplanon, Mirena and Nuva Ring etc. And if want them on your doorstep then go for online pharmacies like: Meds247online.  Thanks. I've never been irregular like that before. I do t take any meds or anything. Not on birth control.  If u experienced a period, in my experiences (not a doc....former medic in army and worked in emergency rooms, combat situations, etc., plus have wife, sister, 16 yr old daughter, 10 & 8yr old daughters who live with me since their birth, and wife's family mostly women as well...) a sign of a period plus period-like symptoms such as the bloating, suggests a pms cycle. But, nausea, drowsiness, may suggest something else like a cold or flu this time of year. may be stress-related depending on your personal life. I would contact a nurse or ob/gyn professional for further information to other medical possibilities and get a proper pregnancy test to rule it out or confirm. I hope i helped!  Similar thing happening to me. We are trying and 1st day of last period was 2/23-Had sex entire week of 3/4 when supposedly ovulated on or before 3/8. 6-7 days later, I began cramping/bleeding bright red blood on 3/13 for past 4 days. More tired, hungrier, feel "different", slight pelvic pressure at some points, no breast tenderness or changes so far. All pregnancy tests (urine) have been negative. "Real period" supposed to be here in 1 week or so. Pregnant or not?!?!?!?  If you have not had your period and they are usually regular, yes you may be pregnant. They only way knowing for sure is either getting an over the counter test and/or going and seeing your doctor. i would suggest going and speaking with your doctor because if it is not pregnancy you may have another medical condition. Hope all goes well.  Yes you could still be pregnant. Some women will have period like symptoms at the beginning of their pregnancy. If you do not have any cramping, i wouldn't worry. I would retest and go speak with your Doctor right away!  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  I am 37 years old, just found out i am pregnant. I have three wonderful boys, with one man we were together 13 years but split when my youngest was 7 months old. I am now living with a man and been together for three years. The thing is i am scared about it having another child, and being the only parent to care for it. I love the man i am with, but he works long hours and is gone for weeks at a time. What am i to do to raise this child alone, one day i was browsing on the internet i saw chief oduduwa L, on facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) oduwalegba@outlook.com or +2348165061583, testimony saying that he help people who cant get pregnant, and people that dont have any child that are looking for, i quickly took his email and contact him for help after doing what he ask me to do things change and that day i got my self back again and i was having enough power and every thing went through. So i contact my friend that live in NYC she has be married for 12 years but no child, to my best surprise my friend that was childless for the past 12 years was pregnant oh my God with oduduwa all thing are possible  I am 37 years old, just found out i am pregnant. I have three wonderful boys, with one man we were together 13 years but split when my youngest was 7 months old. I am now living with a man and been together for three years. The thing is i am scared about it having another child, and being the only parent to care for it. I love the man i am with, but he works long hours and is gone for weeks at a time. What am i to do to raise this child alone, one day i was browsing on the internet i saw chief oduduwa L, on facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) oduwalegba@outlook.com or +2348165061583, testimony saying that he help people who cant get pregnant, and people that dont have any child that are looking for, i quickly took his email and contact him for help after doing what he ask me to do things change and that day i got my self back again and i was having enough power and every thing went through. So i contact my friend that live in NYC she has be married for 12 years but no child, to my best surprise my friend that was childless for the past 12 years was pregnant oh my God with oduduwa all thing are possible  it is definitely possible to get pregnant while on the pill, especially if you have only been on it for a couple months (your body may not have absorbed and reacted to the hormones at a "normal" speed) You should take a pregnancy test very soon. If it is negative, take one more 1-2 weeks later. If they are both negative it is possible these are just side-effects of how you react to this specific birth control. If it continues to be bothersome, or gets worse, go to the doctor. have a proffessional pregnancy test done and (asuming it is still negative) discuss changing your contraceptive method.  You could be. If you have a normal 28 day cycle you would of ovulated around the 15th if you had unprotected sex around that day you could of conceived. I'd say take a home pregnancy test if still negative ask your dr for another blood test. Good luck to you.  when is my due period  Yes. No matter what anyone or experts say, IT IS ALWAYS POSSIBLE!!! My mother was told she could never have children, she had 7.  My personal opinion is, stress! Ask most brides... most get their period on their honeymoon, even if it isn't time. I also, personally, get more regular, when I take on a healthier way of life- food, exercise, happiness. When it happens, it seems to make up for lost time.?? I don't know, but I wouldn't worry.    I stoppped my periods during surgery (they said it was due to age and shock to system) - they put me on heavy duty hormones for a year to see if they would start up - they didn't - It has been sometime now - when I started bleeding again I had pap and biopsy and I had the beginning of endometrial cancer - I never regretted any of the hormones I took - - abd I am fine. I do remember the Dr doing a hormone check.  I hope you still get your pap's - I found out that I had the beginning of endometrial cancer after having stopped bleeding for about a year (due to age and shock to system during surgery - not hysterectomy.  I called and talked to my Dr. She said this "period" is on track with when I should have started but since we have been trying and this period is different to take a pregnancy test and on Monday call the office and let her know if it was positive, but if not then call anyway and set up my normal monthly appointments for treatments. So i guess it is just a waiting game.  It may be possible. I took a home test this morning and it was negative. But I think It was due to user error. I don't think I provided enough..um...well you know, to get a correct reading. Are those normal signs of early pregnancy?  Im very sorry to hear that happened to you. I hope you are all right. My boyfriend and I have been trying to concive for about 5 or 6 months now. I've had my period every month since then and I feel like Ive taken a million home tests. I haven't got a positive since we started trying. I've just assumed that is taking a while. I know its normal for it to take a while, and not to be worried if its been under a year. Would it still be possible to be a miscarage if I dont think I was prego in the first place. Did you have a dull almost cramp like pain in your lower right abdomen and whole lower back. Its been like that all day, and Ive been nauseaus all day. I have not gotten sick but it feels like I could at any moment.  From my own personal experience, stress can cause your period to be off, and could cause some early spotting. Honestly, from stress, I have not had my period start on the same day for two months in a row and I have also had it skip months before as well. Also not all HPT are accurate. I would suggest that you go to your dr and either have them do the urine test or the blood test to make sure.  I would recommend that you allow yourself to have one more spontaneous menstrual period after you remove the IUD before you conceive. You may do just fine if you conceive immediately but clearly the effects of the IUD and the minor trauma of removing it will have cleared by the next month.  Assume anything a male tells you to convince you you can't get pregnant if you have sex with him is a LIE.  Many women choose to "skip" their period by skipping the placebo week of their birth control pill and starting the next pack, beginning with the first day of active pills as usual. Some people refer to this as "combining pill packs." It is usually a safe practice though, as with all medical decisions, I would encourage you to speak with your healthcare provider about it before doing so (you can call and ask about it over the phone; if they feel they need to see you for an appointment, they should let you know). ...  I'm not a doctor but have given birth to 5 children. I have heard of something similar to this before. Sometimes when we want to get pregnant badly (maybe even in the back of our minds) our body will react as if it is pregnant. Some women have even had lactation and large abdomens because they wanted a child so much. You may also have some biological problems such as something to do with your ovaries. A doctor can check for all of this and maybe you are hoping so much it may happen anyway. The best thing is to do is to get a really good exam from a specialist who can test your blood for anything that may be going on or maybe your body got so used to the birth control pills it may take a few months to balance out the PH in your body. Hope this helps from a mother who is non-medical but maybe just relax after all is done (above) and let nature take it's course. I wish you the very best in your endeavor. God bless you!!!!  This sounds like anxiety to me? I had it so bad, i would pass out to. Talk to your Dr. about some anti-anxiety meds. There are some out there.  Having an erection for a long time doesn't mean, other sexual partner he may have needs to engage that erection for that length of time. The times the other partner want to, that's great, But for the times other person doesn't, he can tend to his erection himself or just let it subside. Sex isn't all about his penis, anyway (or at least, it shouldn't be). That is an unusual length of time for an erection to stick around when it's being constantly stimulated. Are you on antidepressants, by any chance? That's one common cause of young men finding it difficult to orgasm, but still sustain erection. Too, is it at any point becoming painful for you? I can't tell how you are feeling about this, but it's possible it's not comfortable, and you may feel like talking about it as a great thing is the only acceptable thing to say. Erections that hang on too long can be very frustrating and painful for some men, depending, but for men where erection lasts more than an hour, it usually does become painful. If it is uncomfortable or painful for you, it's actually smart for you to talk to your doctor.  I Your first medication is about a year ago. So, facts may have changed.. Please avoid taking medicines without consulting your doctor. I suggest consulting same doctor who treated you earlier. Sorry, as I cannot give you a direct answer.  PMS often includes both physical and emotional symptoms,such as tension, irritability, mood swings, or crying spells,anxiety stress or depression.  Yes, go and see your doctor. Has anything changed in your life like diet, sex play, or stress? You say they are bouncier. Are you wearing a bra less or excerising without a bra? This is not bad but may have an affect on your breasts until you get use to the activity(ies). Aggresiive sex play can produce sore breasts as well. If this is the case, the soreness will go away after a few months after they get use of the agressive fondling.  Has your diet or sex play changed recently? See your doctor if this continues for a few months.  Regardless of your age, clothes rubbing on your nipples can cause irritation. My wife was having the same problem. I suggested clear double sided tape. As crazy as it sounds, it worked.  See your doctor. See an ob/gyn doctor if you have one.  I know a woman who told me she had no breasts when she graduated from high school. By the time she was 21 years old, she had beautiful D-cup breasts. Another woman told me she had small B-cup breasts when she went off to college. She loved to have her breasts fondled and sucked on. After a couple of years dating several guys who were into breasts as much as she was, they grew to DD's. Nature will give you your breasts. Be patient.  everyone is different but that is how my wife got pregnant both times. That was her fertile time.  If you have not had your period this month it could be starting. Even with a negative pregnancy test, you could still be pregnant. Some like me the urine test will come back negative no matter how many test are taken. A serum pregnancy test is usually the best method of finding out if one is pregnant. My suggestion is to go to your doctor and explain you have taken a urine test, but it came back negative, and you are concerned because you are having a discharge of what might be blood. Inform the person you talk to that you would like to take a blood test to find out if you are indeed pregnant. Some bleeding can occur during early pregnancy, but for the most part is not normal. From personal experience, and I don't want to scare you, out of the nine pregnancies I had this usually meant I was having the beginning of a miscarriage. I gather from your question you might be thinking the same thing, so I would strongly urge you to go to the doctor just as soon as possible. If you don't have a primary doctor, go to one of the clinics that don't charge an arm and leg and get checked out. If you seriously need to go to the ER because you think you may be pregnant and having a miscarriage go immediately.  Sounds like you may have a problem with your sciatic nerve. This nerve is easily damaged. The pain with a damaged sciatic can be in either one side or both of you buttocks, and sometimes more often than not the pain reradiates down the back of your leg. Taking Aleve or ibuprofen helps with the pain. I usually use a heating pad, or a ice bag to help with the pain and take Aleve, and move around as much as possible. Hope this helps.  I am having the same problem right now and trying to get answers. None of them seem to have any of the answers... I want to know if you can have irregular periods if you are having sex..  Oh thank you. But what if it doesn't come at all? I mean, what could be the problem? Does it mean I won't be able to get pregnant?  Oh thank you so much. I really appreciate this. I was worried, but I'm okay now. Thanks, once again. :)  I'm sorry you're going through this. It certainly sounds unpleasant. I suggest you get checked out by your gynecologist. Several issues could cause the symptoms you're describing, one of which is . Although it's thought of as a middle-aged women's condition, endometriosis can occur in women of all ages. Endometriosis occurs when the tissue that normally lines the uterine wall begins growing outside the uterus. Typically, this tissue attaches to other structures, like the ovaries or the bowels. I'm not diagnosing you with endometriosis, by any means. I just wanted to give one example of a condition that could cause symptoms similar to what you describe. An ovarian cyst is another possibility. And so, I recommend you make a trip to the gynecologist. A physical exam coupled with some other testing can get you diagnosed and treated, so you can stop having these uncomfortable symptoms. Wishing you well!   is considered a permanent form of birth control. It's highly doubtful you could get pregnant 13 years after having your tubes tied. A more likely culprit in your lack of a period would be the onset of . Before jumping to that conclusion, however, you'd be wise to take a home pregnancy test just to be safe. And then, you'd be well advised to take a trip to the gynecologist to find out what's going on for sure. If you are, in fact, in the beginning stage of menopause (called " "), your gynecologist can advise you about what to expect over the next few years. Wishing you all the best!  Well, it's certainly thrifty. But, no, it's not hygienic. Menstrual pads should be changed every few hours, depending on how heavy the flow is. Even on a light day, a pad should be changed a couple of times. A pad does not have to be completely saturated before changing. When a pad gets moderately saturated, it should be changed. If you can smell it, it should be changed. Your wife should not hesitate to change her pad frequently. She'll feel fresher, and it's simply more sanitary. Hope this helps!  Good question. It's hard to tell what might be going on without more information. For example, if you use any type of hormonal birth control (pill, intrauterine device), this can influence your cycle. Also, if your periods occasionally have been irregular in the past, this could just be part of the pattern for you. Even if your periods have been very regular, it's still not unusual for any healthy woman to experience some variance in her cycle. Are you by any chance athletic? Are you very lean (have low body fat)? Do you have an eating disorder that causes you to be very thin? Any of these things can cause you to stop having periods. If you're not having any other symptoms, such as fever, pelvic pain, or anything like that, then my suggestion would be to wait it out. If your period doesn't come after a couple of weeks, you can make an appointment with a gynecologist for a check-up just to make sure nothing abnormal is going on. Hope this helps!  Thanks for your question! What you're describing certainly could be part of the start of . Because of your age, that would be my first thought, especially if you're also experiencing hot flashes (flushes), night sweats, or the need to urinate (pee) more often. Your best bet would be to make a trip to see your gynecologist. If, in fact, you are entering menopause, your medical provider will be able to tell you what to expect over the next few years and can discuss related issues, such as hormone replacement therapy and bone health. So, call and make an appointment to get checked out. I wish you all the best!  You ask a very good question, and I wish I had a very good answer. Unfortunately, a very early term miscarriage might be almost impossible to detect. At only one to two weeks, the embryo is so small it may easily be shed with the lining of the uterus and look exactly like a normal period. Your home pregnancy test also could have given a false poairicw, which is rare but happens. With the conflicting test results you report, I would think you probably were not pregnant. You don't say if you are/were using hormonal birth control (like the pill), but this also could cause problems with both the home pregnancy test reading and the weird, one-day period. Nevertheless, if you were hoping for a baby and believe you lost it, I am very sorry for your loss. Sometimes the medical facts matter less than our feelings. If you are feeling sad about possibly losing a baby, don't hesitate to lean on friends for support. You have a right to grieve. Wishing you well.   is a sterilization procedure that renders you unable to get pregnant. In tubal ligation, the Fallopian tubes are cut or blocked, which makes it impossible for a sperm to reach an egg or for an egg to reach the uterus. Since you had a tubal ligation procedure, it's not likely you're pregnant. That said, you should call your health care provider's office before the Novasure procedure to let them know your period is late. They will be able to advise you regarding what steps to take (such as whether or not they want you to take a pregnancy test). On a broader note, I wanted to say I hope you did not discontinue your medications without the supervision of a health care provider. Conditions like high blood pressure often don't clear up on their own. If you still have blood pressure or depression issues, you would be well-advised to obtain medical treatment to ensure your health and well-being. Best of luck to you!  A procedure (getting your "tubes tied") involves cutting and sealing or plugging the fallopian tubes that run from the ovaries to the uterus. This procedure does not affect your ovaries' ability to function and produce hormones and eggs; it merely makes it impossible for an egg and sperm to meet in the tube. Therefore, a tubal ligation shouldn't affect your menstrual cycle. I'd suggest you consult your gynecologist to find out what's going on with your cycle. Take care!  If you have routinely taken your birth control pills with no lapses, it would be very rare, indeed, to become pregnant. But not impossible. You should see a gynecologist immediately for a serum pregnancy test to make sure you are not pregnant. No one who is pregnant should take birth control pills, but you do not give any indication of being pregnant other than your perception that your abdomen looks larger. Normally, this is not a sign of very early pregnancy. Under typical circumstances, a woman's pregnancy doesn't start showing for at least four or five weeks. Again, though, just to be safe, you should get to a doctor's office as soon as possible to find out for sure what's going on. Wishing you well!  The simple answer to this is: If both you and your fiance are fertile and you have unprotected sex, then there's always a chance of pregnancy. True, you're more likely to get pregnant at certain times during your menstrual cycle, specifically during the " " that occurs during and after ovulation. But ovulation is a tricky thing to predict. Oddly enough, the ovaries don't consult a calendar before releasing an egg. So, even a woman with a very regular cycle could get pregnant outside her fertile window period. The only way to know for sure is to take a pregnancy test. Depending on the test you choose, you may be able to find out as quickly as one day after a missed period. Read the kit's box and follow the instructions to the letter to get an accurate reading. For best results, test your urine first thing in the morning, when hormones will be most concentrated in it. Whichever way you're hoping, I wish you all the best!  We women get to deal with a lot of weird body stuff, don't we? I'm sorry you're feeling anxious about this and want to reassure you your symptoms sound typical for . However, whenever a woman begins having irregular periods, it's a good idea to see a health care provider to determine what's really causing them. It could be perimenopause, but it could also be fibroids, hormone imbalances, or even pregnancy. Remember: You may still be fertile during perimenopause. Irregular periods definitely can be part of the perimenopause experience. Women may experience heavier periods than usual, lighter periods than usual, skipped periods, or spotting between periods. These changes are caused by the gradual decline in estrogen produced by the ovaries. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your gynecologist to talk about what you're experiencing. Your gynecologist also can give you information about what to expect as you progress through perimenopause and into complete menopause. That will set your mind at ease, as your body changes continue throughout this part of life. Best wishes to you!  In all probability, what you're experiencing is simply irritation and dryness of the nipple, which can be fixed by applying moisturizer. That said, the full answer is a bit more complicated. The fact you're having pain throughout the whole breast presents something of a red flag. I'd suggest you see your primary care provider to have this more fully evaluated. Obviously, you don't want to take any chances that this is something more serious that just dry skin. Even if you've had normal mammograms in the past, tenderness in the breast is something to get evaluated. With luck, it will turn out to be something simple, but you'll get some peace of mind by having your health care provider evaluate this. Good luck to you!  Most are pretty reliable when used exactly as directed about a week after your missed period. So, for example, if your period was supposed to start 12/5, then you can start testing around 12/7. Home pregnancy tests detect a hormone called human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) in the urine. Because the sensitivity of each brand of home pregnancy test varies, you'll probably get the most accurate result if you take the test first thing in the morning, when your urine is most concentrated. Be sure to read the instructions very carefully and time the test exactly as indicated. This will help provide the most accurate result. If you get a negative result but don't start your period, I'd suggest you test again. The body continues to produce hCG throughout the first few weeks of pregnancy, so a negative test could simply indicate your levels were too low to detect the first time. Good luck!  Long-term smoking generally does increase the likelihood of developing . If the coughing and spitting up mucus while smoking are new symptoms, it could be a signal that lung damage is occurring, including the development of COPD. I'd suggest your husband see a doctor about this. The coughing and spitting may or may not be related to the smoking. He will only find out by having a physical exam. Keep in mind smoking damages more organs than just the lungs. Smoking can have a negative impact on the heart, urinary bladder, colon, mouth, throat, and many other parts of the body. Quitting smoking is always the best option, but I realize it can very difficult for some people to do. And some people simply don't want to quit smoking. I hope your husband goes for a physical exam to find out how his lungs and heart are doing. I wish you all the best!  Most home pregnancy tests today are pretty sensitive. You can test again any time you'd like. To get the most accurate reading, test first thing in the morning when your urine is the most concentrated. Also, be sure to follow the package instructions, especially the part about timing the test. Accurate timing is crucial for getting an accurate result. Use a timer, if necessary. In the meantime, if you think you could possibly be pregnant, you should live as if you are . Eat healthy foods, don't smoke, and avoid alcohol until you know for sure if you're pregnant or not. Please remember, also, that most communities offer low-cost or no-cost care to women who are (or think they may be) pregnant. You can learn more about your health care options by calling a local hospital or by using a web-based search engine. Try typing in your city's name and the words "women's health." Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry you're going through this, but I'm glad to see you're so vigilant about your breast health. Way to go! First, let me say breast cancer in a 16-year-old is exceedingly rare. I want to put your mind at ease about that. The problem is likely something far less serious. It wouldn't hurt to get this situation checked out by your doctor or nurse practitioner. It could be related to hormones (because, of course, they fluctuate) or something else that's very simple (such as circulation issues). Even if the situation clears up over the next few days, I'd suggest you get this looked at. You'll feel less anxious, and your doctor will get the condition into your medical history in case it occurs again. Wishing you well!  The best answer I can give you is: Ask your OB-GYN when it's safe for you to have sex again. You don't want to start too soon because the tissues of your vagina and cervix may have microscopic tears or injuries that could become infected if you engage in sex before you're fully healed. I'm not sure how long the healing process takes for the procedures you mention. It could be days or weeks. I'd say put a call in to your OB-GYN for a quick answer to your question, and then you'll know for sure. Best wishes!  Us women. Our bodies can be so unpredictable. No two alike! You don't say how old you are, but it sounds like you've had your period for awhile. If this discharge you describe has "always" happened, then rest assured it's normal. It's probably some mucus being discharged in the final stage of your period. If this discharge is "new," as in it started happening just recently, then it might be worth asking a gynecologist about it. Any time a person develops a new symptom -- whether it's tingling in a finger or discharge from the vagina -- it's good to get a medical opinion. In all likelihood there's nothing wrong. But why not get an expert's advice? Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're experiencing these distressing symptoms. Being a woman is rarely easy! When you say you had a "partial hysterectomy," I'm not sure exactly how to interpret that. The term "hysterectomy" refers to removal of the uterus only. However, many women use the term to mean they had their uterus and their ovaries removed. Are you saying you had your uterus removed but retained one or both ovaries? I'm going to go with that interpretation. At age 45, you could indeed be entering menopause. It's a little early, but not unheard of. Having had your uterus removed shouldn't really affect how well your ovaries function. Maybe they're just starting to wind down naturally. Your best bet is to see a gynecologist. He or she can assess whether or not you're in perimenopause. If you are, there are certain things you will want to know, such as how menopause affects vaginal tissue. You may also want to decide whether or not to go on hormone replacement therapy. Of course, there could be other causes for your symptoms. A sluggish thyroid comes to mind. We women tend to attribute all our mood changes to estrogen levels, but that's not valid. Many other hormones can affect the way we feel, physically and emotionally. It would be good to get a workup from a medical professional to find out what's really going on. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds like you're fed up, and I don't blame you! I'd suggest you have a talk with your gynecologist. Certain cause shorter, lighter periods (such as the vaginal ring). Even if you're not interested in birth control, per se (for instance, if you've had your tubes tied), using one of these types of birth control might solve your heavy periods problem. You might also join the conversation at to find out how other women have dealt with the problem of heavy periods. I hope you find a solution to this issue soon and wish you all the best!  I'm sorry you're going through this. Pain issues can negatively impact a person's quality of life, and in your case you've had to reduce your running because of it. If it's been a year since you last saw the doctor about this, it's time to go back. For one thing, you now have additional symptoms in the knee and heel. For another thing, even if the pain were confined to your hip, the fact it has not gotten better over the course of a year means you deserve to have it re-checked. Many conditions can cause the pains you've described. Anything from to worn cartilage in the joints to could be the culprit. If you don't feel your doctor did an adequate job in diagnosing your condition, feel free to get another opinion. I wish you all the best!  The answer to your question may not be as straightforward as you think. Certainly, at this time of year when furnace usage ramps up and dries out the air, we expect to see more simple . If you think dry air might be causing this, you can either try using a room humidifier or place some water-based lubricant (like KY jelly) in your nostril before bedtime. This usually will clear things up. However, if you routinely take an anticoagulant (blood thinner), including aspirin or warfarin (Coumadin), then you may want to get an evaluation from your health care provider about whether you're too anticoagulated. Nosebleeds can be an early indicator that your medication dosage needs to be adjusted. Hope this helps!  You ask an interesting question. When used as directed for smoking cessation, (such as gum and patches) probably can be safely used for an indefinite period of time. However, it's possible to abuse nicotine replacement products by exceeding the maximum dosage. In this case, a person could cause him/herself harm over the long run. It's worth noting, also, that nicotine itself is kind of a 'bad actor.' It can cause slow wound healing, among many other physiological effects. It can deplete the body's Vitamin C stores. Anyone who uses tobacco products or uses nicotine replacement products should take a Vitamin C supplement, in my opinion. Wishing you well!  Good question, and good for you for asking! Your menstrual flow does not stop when you go in water. To test this theory, you can try sitting in a bathtub filled with water. You'll notice you keep flowing. If you don't use tampons, you should avoid going in the water during your trip to the water park. If you do use tampons, then you can enjoy the water like everyone else, since the tampon will keep the menstrual flow contained within your vagina. Don't forget to change your tampon regularly. You're right there's a common myth that a woman's period will stop if she goes into water, but it's not true. You're wise to get the facts! Take care!  Sorry you're going through this. You don't say how old you are, or how long you've had your period. So, let me give you some general feedback. If you're a teenager or recently started menstruating, this sort of fluctuation of your cycle is not uncommon. In fact, many women don't settle into a regular cycle until after puberty -- and some women never have a truly regular cycle. So, this on-and-off period may not be abnormal for you. If you're a post-pubescent woman whose cycle has been fairly regular in the past, then I'd suggest you get this checked out by a gynecologist. Many things can cause a woman's cycle to become disrupted, including eating disorders, being very athletic, and having a low percentage of body fat. However, there are other, more serious, conditions that can cause this period irregularity, too, and you'd want to get those ruled out by a medical professional. I hope this helps!  Even in women with regular periods, what you're describing can be normal. Sometimes our bodies hiccup a little bit. Maybe that's what you're experiencing. Other things to consider: Have you recently had unprotected sex (could you be pregnant)? It's possible to have a very light period right after becoming pregnant. So, if pregnancy is a possibility, I'd suggest you take a home pregnancy test. At the other end of the spectrum, is it possible you're pre-menopausal? This could be another explanation for your unusual period this month. If neither of these scenarios apply to you, you're probably safe to wait and see what happens next month. If everything proceeds as normal, then you're good to go. Hope this helps!  Good for you for practicing safe sex. Condoms are good not only for pregnancy prevention but for reducing the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases. You should be able to test within a day or two of your next missed period. In other words, you'll have to wait to see if your next scheduled period is late. If it is, you can test a day or two after it was due. Each home pregnancy test is different, so read the box to see when it says to test. Best wishes to you!  You are smart to ask this question. Grapefruit juice can cause drug concentration levels to rise in a person's system. . The issue of grapefruit's impact on the body's uptake of levothyroxine honestly is a bit controversial. Some studies have concluded the affect of grapefruit on thyroid medications is minimal, but some thyroid experts maintain you should avoid grapefruit entirely if you take thyroid medication. Your best bet is to check with your pharmacist or your health care provider for the latest research recommendations on this subject. They can guide you regarding the best strategy for enjoying your grapefruit without affecting your medication. Wishing you well!  Sorry you're worried about this. I can understand it, though. If I'm understanding you correctly, you're saying you haven't yet started your period, despite being 18 years old. That's the premise I'm going to go on. The onset of menstruation ( ) can vary widely, in terms of age. However, most girls do get their period by age 15 or 16. If you've seen an gynecologist and he or she told you you were healthy, then I would urge you not to worry. It's possible you're just a "late bloomer." If it's been some time since you saw the gynecologist, then you might consider going back for a re-check just to make sure everything's still OK. I mean, if you saw a gynecologist at age 16 but haven't seen one since or something. Meanwhile, just hang in there. If your gynecologist gave you a clean bill of health, then you can expect to start your period any time. All the best to you!  I'd suggest you take another . And do it first thing in the morning, when your urine is most concentrated. Your spotting could, indeed, be . Or it could be the arrival of your period. Only the home pregnancy test can tell for sure! If you take another pregnancy test that comes up negative but you fail to have a regular period, I suggest you consult a gynecologist to find out what's going on. A number of factors could cause you to skip a period and yet not be pregnant. Your gynecologist can sort through the possibilities and figure out what's going on. Wishing you all the best for a positive test!  If you had your gallbladder removed laparoscopically (that is, if you have 3 or 4 small incisions instead of one long one), that bloated feeling you're experiencing likely won't be cured with Gas-X (simethicone). When you have a (gallbladder removal), the surgeon uses a harmless gas (carbon dioxide) to inflate your abdominal cavity so he or she can see your organs clearly through the video scope. Most of this gas is vented out through the incisions after surgery, but some of it hangs around for awhile and can make you feel gassy and bloated. Your best bet to help get rid of this feeling is to get up and walk around the house regularly. You will not "pass" this gas through your rectum. The carbon dioxide will be naturally absorbed and processed by your blood and tissues. The gas used to inflate your abdomen during a laparoscopic procedure resides outside your bowel and other organs. Medications like Gas-X work inside your bowel and stomach. That's why taking it won't help. The nausea you experienced is not uncommon after receiving general anesthesia. It could be that you advanced to solid foods too quickly after surgery. I'd suggest you go slowly with your diet, starting with plain water and then moving on to soup or gelatin, and eventually to regular food. Remember, after you have your gallbladder removed you need to avoid eating too much fatty food, as it can make you nauseated. By the way, if you experience bad shoulder pain in a day or two, that's also a result of the gas used to inflate your abdomen. It's a not uncommon side effect that can make you miserable for a few days. There's not much you can do to relieve this pain, but it will clear up on its own. Wishing you all the best!  This isn't necessarily abnormal. It's possible your ovaries have mounted a "last gasp" of hormone production on a low level that has caused you to experience a mini-period. However, this type of bleeding also can be a sign of something more serious. For that reason, I strongly recommend you visit your gynecologist for an exam. Your gyn can tell you if everything's OK or if you would be wise to have some additional testing done. Your gyn also can see if the problem is simply thinning of the vaginal wall due to decreased estrogen, in which case he or she can prescribe a cream to help relieve the bleeding and/or discomfort. Hope this helps!  You know, that's honestly a tricky question. At just over a year since your last period, I wouldn't bet the farm that you couldn't get pregnant. Your best bet is to consult your gynecologist for an opinion. He or she can tell you if you still need to use birth control or if you're probably not ovulating anymore. I would say until you get that expert opinion, if you don't want to get pregnant you should use a condom or some other form of birth control. Hope this helps!  I'm afraid I have bad news. You need to take a pregnancy test. I know you "don't want" to be , but it's always possible to get pregnant when you engage in unprotected sex. Even if you saw no ejaculate ("cum"), men begin producing seminal fluid ("pre-cum") almost immediately upon arousal. This fluid can flow from the penis when it's inside your vagina, and you can become pregnant from it even if your partner does not ejaculate. If you are, in fact, pregnant, you need to know as soon as possible. Do not delay in taking a . Follow the label instructions very carefully. Home pregnancy tests are most accurate when done first thing in the morning because your urine is the most concentrated when you first wake up. For the sake of your health, please use a whenever you have sex in the future. Not only is it quite effective at preventing pregnancy when used correctly, but it will help protect you from several sexually transmitted diseases. If you don't want to become pregnant, please use some type of . You have many choices today. I wish you all the best.  Wouldn't it be great if we could tell our body when to start and stop menstruating? I think it would be terrific! Unfortunately, it's not the case. There's no way to prompt your uterus to begin shedding its lining. Because each woman's menstrual cycle usually varies slightly, maybe you'll get lucky and start early. If you feel uncomfortable during that time of the month and you're not allergic to any medications, you can try some of the over-the-counter preparations for menstrual pain and discomfort. While a health care provider might be able to prescribe something stronger for diagnosed PMS (premenstrual syndrome), it's obviously too late to get an exam, diagnosis, and prescription before your anniversary in a week or so. I wish I had better news, but look on the bright side: Your periods are regular (which a lot of women are sure to envy you for!), and you apparently have a great marriage. Happy anniversary!  Any time you're not using birth control, it's possible to get pregnant. It's pretty much that simple. OK, maybe not. Granted, there are some days when you are much more fertile than others because you're ovulating or on the verge of ovulating. Assuming your period started on 10/8, the date of 10/17 would be right around your " ." So, yes, you could possibly be pregnant. Keep in mind, fertility calculators like the one I linked to above are not foolproof. The ovaries do not consult a calendar before popping out an egg, so you could possibly ovulate before a calendar says you're fertile -- or after. If your period was due 11/2, you certainly could take an over-the-counter pregnancy test now to see if you're pregnant or not. I wish you the result you desire!  Well, the first thing I have to ask is: Is your daughter sexually active? If so, and she's missed a period, then it might be wise for her to take a home pregnancy test. At age 15, the menstrual cycle isn't necessarily "settled in" yet. Irregular periods aren't uncommon in that age group, and the stomachaches and nausea could be due to stress or anxiety. In other words, I wouldn't jump to any conclusions. If your daughter is not pregnant, and the other symptoms don't go away, then it's worth a trip to see your primary health care provider. He or she can investigate the cause of your daughter's symptoms and recommend treatment. Wishing you both all the best!  This is an excellent question. It sound like you and your daughter have a close relationship and can talk about these things easily, which is great. During the first couple of years after a girl starts menstruating, her . Several things can cause a young woman to miss a period, including being underweight, overweight, or under a lot of stress. Of course, a key question here, and I don't mean to be indelicate, is: Is your daughter sexually active? It's not unheard of for girls as young as 13 to be involved with boys. Obviously, if your daughter is sexually active, then a home pregnancy test is warranted. Also, has your daughter seen a gynecologist yet? Since she has started menstruating and is having irregular periods, it might be a good idea for her to have her first pelvic exam. A gynecologist can answer all of your (and her) questions about puberty and what to expect. Best wishes to you both!  It's definitely possible for a girl to get pregnant even if the guy uses a condom. One key piece of information here is: When did you put the condom on? If you inserted your penis in your girlfriend's vagina before putting on the condom, it's possible you impregnated her. That's because pre-ejaculatory fluid ("pre-cum") can contain sperm. If one of those sperm got loose and found an egg, it would make a baby. The only way to tell for sure if your girlfriend is pregnant is for her to take a home pregnancy test. I recommend she do this first thing in the morning, when her urine is the most concentrated. You are correct that stress also can cause a woman's period to be late --or to skip a month altogether. There are many reasons for a woman's cycle to become irregular. Pregnancy and stress are two of those reasons. By the way, I applaud you for practicing safe sex. Even if you believe you already know the correct way to use a condom, I suggest you look over this brief information about it from WebMD on . Correct use of a condom can increase its effectiveness. Wishing you all the best!  http://pregnancy.about.com/od/amipregnant/a/missedperiod.htm this should help out. but if I were you, I'd buy a pregnancy test. there's some at the dollar store for $1. They work.  Stop taking them and make an appointment with your doctor. My aunt had nonstop bleeding and didn't think anything of it..she almost died of "female" cancer. So, I'd get checked out if I were you unless you just recently got checked out.  I thought after menopause women no longer had periods? Sorry if it seems rude..I'm not trying to be. It's just what I've always been told.  If you've had sex, then there's always a possibility you could be pregnant. sounds like implantation bleeding to me. My suggestion? get a pregnancy test.  I say get a pregnancy test..miracles happen.  yeast infection, for sure.  Maybe you're pregnant. Or maybe its a side effect from your bc?  There are many possibilities; in your case one possiblity could be shock. Sometimes after injury or surgery the body experiences some form of shock. It can cause a halt to some normal body functions for a while.  I would say you have some problems some where. You should make an appointment with a gynecologist. Maybe it is a hormonal issue. I know fibro cystic breast disease will effect your breast that way. Yet the period thing is something totally different. Good luck with your problem. I hope it works out o.k.  In cases where individuals have been taking Xanax for a prolong period of time, stopping the abuse can be challenging. Withdrawal symptoms usually begin within a few hours of the last time the drug was used and can also be extremely painful. Trying to quit on your own can be dangerous and most often users will return to drug abuse just to get relief from the withdrawal symptoms. Withdrawal symptoms may include: difficulty concentrating, uncontrollable shaking, impaired vision, sensitivity to light and noise, irritability, depression, insomnia, sweating and seizures. While quitting cold turkey is possible, most doctors advise tapering off the medication or when to seek professional detox assistance. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or method of detox, please call us at 855-338-6929.  Clonazepam (Klonopin) is from the class of drugs known as benzodiazepines. Used in the treatment of seizure disorders such as epilepsy, the drug has also been prescribed for patients with insomnia, panic disorders, anxiety and to treat relieve withdrawal symptoms. Rather than quit Clonazepam use suddenly or cold turkey  many doctors will suggest that you taper off slowly by reducing the amount of the drug taken. For many, it is not uncommon to begin to experience withdrawal symptoms during tapering; in which case you may need to increase the amount of the drug until the symptoms subside. While tapering works for some people it does not work for everyone. Most people are successful in safely quitting Clonazepam use when they seek the assistance of an inpatient medical detox. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  The best thing you can do for both you and your (future) baby is to be very honest with your doctor about all your substance use. The sooner you do this the quicker you can get them out of your body and focus on preparing for your future pregnancy and for when the baby arrives. Substance abuse during pregnancy may result in the baby having a smaller brain, can increase the risk of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, developmental delays, early labor, and low birth weight, Babies born to heroin users can have withdrawal. Illicit drug use can cause serious learning and attention problems that can be exacerbate depending on the severity of drug use. Alcohol Syndrome (FAS) which is a pattern of mental and physical defects during fetus development during pregnancy. Babies born with FAS may have damage to the central nervous system and brain which can result in mental retardation as well as facial abnormalities. Substance abuse during pregnancy can cause serious harm to your baby; however help is available to help you stop using drugs and alcohol now for a healthier baby tomorrow. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  There is no way to speed up the process of getting your period, so do your best to enjoy your time without it! Think of all the great things you can do without worrying: swimming without worrying about pads vs. tampons, going to sleepovers without dealing with Mother Natures gift., wearing white whenever, wherever! You dont have to be concerned about planning your outfit around Aunt Flo or people looking through your purse and finding your feminine products. Also, along with your period come bloating and cramps, which are so not fun to deal with, believe me. While it seems like a cool part of growing up and it is a necessity in life, it is also extra responsibility and can become a hassle. Everyone develops at different times so dont be concerned that you havent gotten it yet. Enjoy your childhoodit goes faster than you think. - See more at: http://www.girlslife.com/post/2011/01/31/period-come-faster.aspx#sthash.8zjae3b1.dpuf  I used to get mine before my period only lasted a few days  Are having any pain or burning when you urinate? Sounds like symptoms of UTI. I had one a few months ago and with mine I had a lot of pain and discomfort and there was a little urine in my blood. I mean it was seriously like I was peeing straight blood. Hope you are feeling better soon.  My GYN has indicated that it would be very unlikely; however, beyond the potential for pregnancy, if you are not long-term with the same man (who can be trusted), then condoms would still be recommended. Menopause does nothing to protect you from an STD.  HI THERE IT WILL TAKE LIKE A YEARS SO YOUR MONTHLY CAN GET BE MONTHLY I HAD THE SAME IT TOOK ME 6MONTHS  hi.....  I'm not 100% sure but I was on depo for about 2 years and I know my doctor told me that my period would be hit and miss and may not even come back for a few months to even a year after I got off. I wouldn't worry too much about and give in another month or two then I would talk to your doctor.  I've always heard take it as soon as you remember but make sure you never skip a dose but I would take it on the same day you originally took it on for it to be more effective.  Possibly,best is to have your urine check with over the counter pregnancy test ,then call your OB-gyne(Female MD) for further confirmation of above issue.  The flu shot contains inactivated virus, not live virus. This should not cause any flu symptoms and is not going to make you contagious. THe nasal flu vaccine contains weak live virus but is considered safe for healthy people that are not pregnant, between the ages of 2-49. Hope this is helpful. Talk to your doctor if you are concerned or have more questions.    some people are different to them really bad cramps, if you know what I'M SAYING IM A WOMEN TOO.  Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo contains a low amount of estrogen. Sometimes your own hormones can rule over the pill form that you are taking. Other factors can also throw off your cycle, like stress. Sometimes womens hormones can also "talk" to each other, causing women in the same vicinity to become regulated to the same cycle. If you have just started a new job or school where you are hanging out with other women every day, your cycles can become synced with theirs. Before you start a new pill pack you may want to take an at-home pregnancy test. Keep an eye on your cycles, and if they are continually irregular, you may need a different type of birth control.  It should be all right to use an over-the-counter cream for treatment of yeast infection during menstruation. Without knowing the exact product, it is hard to be completely sure. It would be wise to call the triage nurse from your physicians office and consult them about your situation.  This same thing happened to me . At first it wasn't heavy but there was enough blood to see, and then after 2 or 3 days it was only when I wiped, not even enough to wear anything and be waistful. I have also been craving things, sleeping, my fallopian tubes are hard, etc.  Only if you've had sex. Your ability to conceive has nothing to due with your weight. You can get pregnant no matter what you weigh.  More than likely. But i would wait until you have missed your period and take another test to see if the results read more accurately.False negatives occur more often but it is very rare to recieve a false positive. Even if the test result is faint it is still a positive.  Is it behaving like a normal period, or just spotting? How long is it lasting for? I'm not sure why your back would hurt, and am not trying to get your hopes up here, but spotting happens around implantation too. Your body can also do strange things around ovulation.  Don't be worried, be happy! It means you really are losing weight and getting your body in shape. It will probably return to a semi normal period after a significant amount of time has passed with your new regiment. Significant weight loss, big changes in physical activity all impact your period and make it lighter, shorter and overall more bearable. It probably has something to do with the hormones/endorphies released when exercising. I don't really know the chemical part of it, but this a normal occurrence. It's also why women who are really active often times have to slow down in order to get pregnant so their body returns to normal functioning and they start ovulating regularly again. But please do NOT take running as birth control. Definitely not the message here.  Some women spot lightly like that during ovulation because of the release of the egg or sudden change in hormones. As long as your periods are still normal and coming in normal intervals, I wouldn't be too concerned.  Yes. It's a little tricky and that's why some women don't know they're pregnant until they're further along because they take it as a light period. Take a test and find out.  Hello guys! I just wanted to help anyone out there who might be having the same issues. So I'am following up with how the doctor's visit went. My daughter was tested both with her urine, vaginal exam and she had blood work done. The doctor said that she was fine that at her age it was ok that she wasn't having a period. She suggested getting her on the pill "if" my daughter wanted to have a regular cycle. She did warn her that without knowing a round about time she could be taken by surprise when her period does decide to show up. I do believe that the depo may have had a small role in it but the doctor never confirmed it since she had been off of it for over a year. In the end she decided not to go on the pill she thinks it awesome not having to worry about getting a period ( for now) every month.  Hello hun! I have been pregnant twice and have suffered two miscarriages. So I feel as though I could help you with this question. Its normal to feel cramping as your muscles expand and stretch. I had the very same question for my doctor and I'll tell you what she suggested. She told me to increase my water intake and if its to uncomfortable to take a Tylenol. Now what I will warn is if you are in pain, not "uncomfortable" but in serious pain to seek out a doctor. I had terrible pains in my lower abs with my second pregnancy... felt like I was dying couldn't sleep. I ended up having a UTI!!! I think most women know what kinda pain they can manage and what doesn't feel right.  I'm no doctor but I would venture to say that you were probably just late coming on to your period. Sometimes your periods can be heavier I'm ignorant as to why this is exactly. However; sometimes mine tend to be way heavier one month and than normal the next.  Hello there! I would suggest taking a pregnancy test. I know that you can have a light pink display "if" you are pregnant and dizziness. However it could be that you are just late. I'm very regular too. However; things can effect your period such as stress, or if you live with another female or have a close friend your cycles will shift closer to theirs mostly by a week. Are you trying to get pregnant? Just curious. Let us know how it turns out!  Hello there! No, I don't think that your pregnant. I say this because of all the negative test feedback. However I do think that you should see a doctor if you are having such heavy discharge. You could have a number of things going on such as a yeast infection ( which you could try over the counter testing for to determ if that's possibly what it is. They also sell treatment for yeast infections as well. ) You could also have some type of STD ( I know that's not what you want to hear.) I know its not a 100% answer but better to be safe than sorry. If you don't have insurance you can try the free clinic most county's have them. Depending on your income you only have to pay a minimum fee or in most cases nothing at all.  It is possible you are pregnant. Generally, a woman will ovulate 14 days after the onset of her period. It is during ovulation that a woman can get pregnant. If you started your period on Oct. 6 and add 14 days to that, it comes out to Oct 20, the day you had intercourse. I would recommend you go to your local pregnancy resource center or to your doctor to have a pregnancy test. That is the only way you can be sure if you are pregnant. J.M. Hatfield Former client advocate and board member of My Choices Medical Resource Center, Clallam County, WA  From my understanding this is not abnormal. Women experience these types of symptoms after menstration in many cases. It depends on how long it is after, but it sounds like it's right after you stop bleeding. This is common, but should be discussed with your OB or primary to make sure they understand.  I would try one more test just to be on the safe side. Supplements can have different effects on every woman. If it's not the supplement making you late, any change in stress factors, or hormone changes can cause you to be late.  Yes, if you have recently lost five to 10 pounds and increased physical activity that can be perceived by the hypothalamus as a form of physical stress. This can interfere with regular ovulations temporarily. ... My best guess is that your cycles will return as your hormones reset themselves. If you have missed periods for three months or more, see your GYN.  ...I am assuming that you are not using a hormonal form of birth control (e.g. Pill/patch/ring/shot). If this is correct then my best GUESS is as follows. Your normal cycle is usually 24 days from the start of one flow to the start of another. This month it sounds like you started the light brown discharge on cycle day19 or so. This MIGHT represent premenstrual spotting. This type of spotting can begin as much as a week before flow. Some women will get it every month a few days before flow. The usual cause is a missed ovulation or a decline in progesterone level that month. This is not an uncommon or worrisome thing unless it happens every month. Of course, if you have any risks for pregnancy, that should be ruled out. A reliable pregnancy test done on cycle day 28-30 should be done if you are sexually active. If the test is negative, and you have no risks for a new chlamydia infection, you could choose to self monitor through the next cycle. Hopefully your "normal-for-you" pattern will reset it self naturally. If erratic bleeding persists see your GYN or local family planning clinic. Lastly, if you are using hormonal birth control, then this would likely represent breakthrough bleeding from the hormones in your birth control method.   ... Given that [the pregnancy test] was negative, and you mentioned increasingly light flows over time, my best GUESS is that this is a "normal" Mirena side effect. Simply stated, if the uterine lining is like grass or lawn, estrogen is like the fertilizer (causes a thickening of the lining), and progesterone is like the lawnmower (keeps the lining thin by three different mechanisms). This is why DepoProvera (high dose synthetic progesterone) brings about a thin lining, and why birth control pills (relatively progesterone dominant) bring about shorter, lighter periods. The Mirena distributes significant amounts of synthetic progesterone right at the level of the lining of the uterus. That is why a large percent of Mirena users lose their periods after 12 months of use. As mentioned this can also happen with birth control pills and the Depo Provera shot. A thin lining is a healthy lining when it is caused by hormones in birth control methods. Your lining will regrow after the Mirena is removed---or even toward the end of the five years as the level of hormone in the IUD is tapering down. ...  In the developed world, girls now get their periods earlier, and women spend less time being pregnant and breast feeding on demand. This means that the average women can now expect to have more than 400 menstrual cycles in her lifetime (ESHRE, 2007). Even the use of most hormonal contraceptives (pill/patch/ring) will yield a monthly bleed. So its no wonder that women are so concerned when their cycles seem to be longer and heavier than usual. To address the most-pressing question, When should I be concerned? What is the medical definition of too much bleeding? there is a medical definition of too-heavy periods. If a woman is bleeding 80cc (2.7 ounces  about 1/3 of a cup) or more, that is excessive bleeding. Trying to measure exactly the amount of bleeding is difficult even in a research setting, much less in a home bathroom! Some general indications of excessive bleeding can include: * Saturating a maxipad or super tampon every 60-90 minutes for several hours. * Passage of large clots (quarter-sized or larger). * Significant bleeding for more than seven days. Probably the most important factor would be if your bleeding is heavy enough to interfere with your normal activities. So if your bleeds are too heavy, read on for some possible explanations. Hormonal Causes Hormonal causes are usually linked to missed or erratic ovulation. As you may know, in a normal cycle, estrogen is produced all month. Estrogen is responsible for building up the lining of your uterus so you have something to shed each month. In a normal cycle, progesterone production increases following ovulation. Progesterone stabilizes the uterine lining in preparation for a possible implantation of a new pregnancy. If you are not pregnant that month, the levels of estrogen and progesterone fall, triggering the release of the uterine lining  your period. So if you do not ovulate, the estrogen build up of the lining continues, but without the usual ovulation-associated progesterone. Thus, the hormone levels dont decline, and the lining stays up inside the uterus as a missed/late period. Alternatively the lining can begin to shed under its own weight, producing prolonged bleeding. After several months of missed periods, the lining of the uterus can become very thickened. Prolonged and heavy flows are not uncommon after months of missed flows. There are MANY causes for not ovulating including low thyroid, a benign pituitary growth (adenoma), or a problem with the hypothalamus. All of the stress-related causes of not ovulating (e.g., sudden increases in exercise, crash dieting, problems with relationships, financial worries, etc.) can be linked to the effects of stress hormones from the brain on the hypothalamus. Increased body weight may trigger hormone changes leading to polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). A transient ovarian cyst can halt ovulation for a time. There are treatments for each of the causes of heavy bleeding we have discussed. So if you or someone you know have episodes of heavy blood loss rather than a normal period, talk to your doctor because there are ways to stop going with the flow.  What is menstrual synchrony? Loosely defined, menstrual synchrony means that womens cycles sync up so that roommates, dorm residents, bunk mates in the military, or mothers and daughters begin to adjust cycle lengths such that females begin to be on their periods at the same time. Some reported adjustments in cycles included: two days closer together over a four to six-month interval (McClintock, 1971) and a 1.4 day shortening (Stern & McClintock, 1998). This is not a dramatic change. What conditions would lead women to synchronize? There have been studies looking at many types of female proximity. Menstrual synchrony was reportedly identified among a variety of female groupings: college roommates (McClintock 1971), lesbian couples (Weller& Weller, 1992), roommates who are close friends (Weller, 1995), and sexually segregated Bedouin women (Weller & Weller, 1997). Yet menstrual synchrony was not found among: roommates who are not close friends (Weller, 1995), nor lesbian couples living together for an extended period of time. (Weller & Weller, 1998). As you can see, the same group of researchers were not able to duplicate findings of menstrual synchrony among groups that were very similar (e.g. lesbian couples were synchronized, whereas lesbian couples who had lived together a mean of three years were not synchronized). One postulated reason for this is that apparent synchrony is really just due to chance. Two of the most recent studies have strengthened the idea that the best condition for cycling together is chance. Kiomkiewicz and colleagues (2006) evaluated 99 women for five months and found no synchrony of menstruation. The longest study, lasting one full year, assessed 186 Chinese women living together in dorms (Schank & Yang, 2006). Again, no menstrual synchrony emerged. Why would it appear that women cycle together? Readers of this blog and members of our Womens Health Community are likely aware that womens cycles have variable lengths. A normal cycle length is considered to be anywhere between 21 and 35 days, and most menstrual flows last between five and seven days. Thus, in a group of women, it would not be uncommon for the bleeding days to coincide at some point. There is often variability in cycle lengths in the same woman. Women with missed or erratic ovulations likely have the most variability. Regular readers of our posts have surely seen the number of women who write with concern about their periods being a few days early or late. Community members may also remember reading posts about menstrual periods suddenly moving from the second week of the month to the third (or vice versa). Among the published studies of synchrony, there can be issues with choice of statistics or methods of study as well. For example, results could be influenced if a researcher did not have baseline data to identify erratically cycling women, included women using a hormonal form of birth control, or merely asked women about the first day of their last period (instead of having a written record). Within the past decade, one of the other explanations for contradictory findings between menstrual synchrony studies has been the ability to smell pheromones. A pheromone is a chemical substance excreted where the odor of the pheromone gives a subtle message to another member of the same species. In pigs, the male boars saliva has two pheromones which cause the receptive female pig to not evade his advances (Perry, 1980). The same two pheromones are present in human underarm secretions. One of these pheromones (5 alpha-androstenol) is purported to be linked to menstrual synchrony. But before you become concerned about your roommates sweaty gym clothes draped all over the room, consider the evidence presented by Jahanfar (2007). A group of 88 students sharing housing were checked for similar menstrual timing and the ability to smell 5 alpha-androstenol. Almost 60 percent of the women did have similar cycle patterns, but there was no association with the ability to smell the pheromone. Women cycling together over time is an idea I would really like to believe, but the studies (even by the same researchers) are not very consistent. Perhaps we are actually better off if roommates are not having their own PMS stress-outs at the same time!  It depends how long after actual ovulation. If one knows the actual date of ovulation, conception can occur up to 72 hours after ovulation as sperm can live inside the cervix for up to 72 hours under ideal conditions. An oocyte/egg has at least a 48 hour lifespan after ovulation. As you may know the most likely time to conceive is about 14 days before the start of your next period. So if one had a regular 28 day cycle, ovulation is around day 14; a regular 34 day cycle will have an ovulation around day 20. If one has a regular 24 day cycle, ovulation can be as early as cycle day 10. The problem arises among women who have periods/bleeds which are not linked to an ovulation. These "non-ovulatory bleeds" can occur randomly as the too thick lining of the uterus begins to shed on its own. The woman in this case could have a bleed and then an ovulation anytime thereafter. An even more risky scenario would be the women who mistakes bleeding associated with the release of an egg/oocyte as a period. In that case she could get pregnant from intercourse during her "supposed period" because she is actually at a very fertile time. Bottom line, getting pregnant during a "real" period is unlikely--especially if it has been 14 days since ovulation occurred. If [there is a concern] do a reliable pregnancy test about two weeks after the date of intercourse. A urine test should be reliable around the time of [the] expected period. Lastly, if a woman is really scared about having an unplanned pregnancy, the worry can cause her flow to be late. ...A urine pregnancy test can help resolve any concerns.  ... Yes, some women do experience spotting with heavy exercise. This can represent either a less stable lining of the uterus or polyps/fibroids. Let's look at both possibilities. An unstable lining of the uterus can arise from hormonal forms of birth control (e.g. pills/patch/ring/shot). It can also happen if the woman has an overly thickened uterine lining. A too-thick lining can develop if the woman is missing ovulations, is perimenopausal, and/or is very heavy set. Classically, a too thick lining will also suggest itself if there are erratic or very heavy menstrual periods. The presence of uterine fibroids or polyps of the uterine lining can also make a normal sized lining be easier to have spotting. Classically there may be spotting between periods or after intercourse. Bottom line, if the spotting persists, or increases, you should see your GYN or local family planning clinic for follow up. There is no overt reason for you to stop your planned running--unless it prompts increased bleeding.  There are a couple of POSSIBLE explanations for this light spotting. The most common one would be light breakthrough bleeding due to the hormones in your birth control pill (BCP). With prolonged BCP use the lining of the uterus can become thinner. This can make it easier for spotting to occur. Often such spotting will present after intercourse or even heavy exercise. Typically it does not develop into a full on "period-like" bleed. Other reasons for spotting after sex can include problems with the face of your cervix. For example, if you have a new infection with chlamydia that can make the cervix friable (easier to bleed when touched by fingers, penis, etc). If you had a polyp in the cervical canal, the polyp tissue is very fragile and bleeds easily. ... My best GUESS is BCP caused spotting. If the spotting persists,or you have risks for chlamydia (e.g. new partner, or multiple partners) you should see your GYN of clinic for follow up. If the BCP is the culprit for the poor cycle control, a change in BCP formula or brand can be helpful.  Spotting before your flow begins is not uncommon. As soon as you take your last active pill the hormone levels begin to drop. Generally it takes about 72 hours for the levels to drop sufficiently to produce a "menstrual-like" flow, but some spotting can begin as the the levels are dropping. The dark brown color simply reflects the scant amount of flow. A slow, scant flow has a longer exposure to oxygen creating the darkened color. Now, the birth control pill (BCP) period which starts a week early is a different issue. That would be considered BCP breakthrough bleeding--also known as poor cycle control. This is all too common among hormonal birth control users. Fortunately it does not impact your contraceptive protection, but it is a hassle. If you have several months of poor cycle control you can see your GYN or clinic for follow up. Sometimes a switch of BCP brand or formulation can be helpful. If it stays stable (e.g. bleed always arrives a week early) that would be OK, but if it is moving around all over the pill pack that would be inconvenient.  Yes, this can be common as it can take up to two years after the first period for the ovaries to completely mature and produce regular ovulations every month. In the early years of menstruation estrogen production is more than adequate to build up a thickened lining in the uterus. But without regular ovulations not enough progesterone is made. As you may know, in a normal cycle, estrogen is produced all month. Estrogen is responsible for building up the lining of your uterus so you have something to shed each month. In a normal cycle, progesterone production increases following ovulation. Progesterone "stabilizes" the uterine lining in preparation for a possible implantation of a new pregnancy. If you are not pregnant that month the levels of estrogen and progesterone fall, triggering the release of the uterine liningyour period. So, if you do not ovulate, the estrogen build up of the lining continues, but without the usual ovulation associated progesterone. Thus, the hormone levels don't decline, and the lining stays up inside the uterus as a missed/late period. Alternatively the lining can begin to shed under its own weight producing prolonged and erratic bleeding--this is likely what has happened to her. Another way inadequate progesterone production from missed ovulations can create too heavy a flow is as follows. Simply stated, if the uterine lining is like grass or lawn, estrogen is like the fertilizer (causes proliferation and a thickening of the lining ), and progesterone is like the lawnmower (keeps the lining thin by three different mechanisms). This is why DepoProvera (high dose synthetic progesterone) brings about a thin lining, and why birth control pills (relatively progesterone dominant) bring about shorter, lighter periods. It is also why women who miss ovulations (no progesterone produced) are at a greater risk for too thick lining. Lastly, less than 10% of adolescent women with heavy menstrual bleeding have an undiagnosed blood clotting disorder. This would be more likely if she had a family history of Von Willebrand's syndrome. Given the duration of her bleeding I would urge you to have her see either your GYN, a pediatrician, or your family MD. A short course of hormones may be helpful in stopping this distressing bleeding pattern  There are two major reasons for very prolonged/heavy periods: hormonal and what I call "structural." "Structural" means when excessive bleeding is due to actual problems within the cavity or walls of the uterus. Some examples of this would include fibroids of the uterus, endometriosis of the muscular wall of the uterus ("adenomyosis"), infections of the lining of the uterus, polyps of the uterine lining, or even uterine cancer. Hormonal causes are usually linked to missed or erratic ovulations. As you may know, in a normal cycle, estrogen is produced all month. Estrogen is responsible for building up the lining of your uterus so you have something to shed each month. In a normal cycle, progesterone production increases following ovulation. Progesterone "stabilizes" the uterine lining in preparation for a possible implantation of a new pregnancy. If you are not pregnant that month the levels of estrogen and progesterone fall, triggering the release of the uterine liningyour period. So, if you do not ovulate, the estrogen build up of the lining continues, but without the usual ovulation associated progesterone. Thus, the hormone levels don't decline, and the lining stays up inside the uterusyour missed/late period. Alternatively the lining can begin to shed under its own weight producing prolonged bleeding. Another way inadequate progesterone production from missed ovulations can create too heavy a flow is as follows. Simply stated, if the uterine lining is like grass or lawn, estrogen is like the fertilizer (causes proliferation and a thickening of the lining ), and progesterone is like the lawnmower (keeps the lining thin by three different mechanisms). This is why DepoProvera (high dose synthetic progesterone) brings about a thin lining, and why birth control pills (relatively progesterone dominant) bring about shorter, lighter periods. It is also why women who miss ovulations (no progesterone produced) are at a greater risk for too thick lining. Causes for not ovulating are multifold: thyroid problems, pituitary problems, ovarian cysts, physical stressors (e.g. sudden increases in exercise, crash dieting), emotional stressors (problems with spouses, kids, job, money), increased body weight, anorexia, rotating shifts at work, etc. If they are sending you for an ultrasound that can accomplish two things. An ultrasound should be able to visualize fibroids of the uterus, or suggest polyps. An ultrasound can also measure the thickness of your uterine lining. A very thick lining can suggest a hormonal cause like missed ovulations. An ultrasound should be able to visualize an ovarian cyst, if that was the cause of missed ovulations. Lastly, ... as we age ovulations tend to decrease--or if they occur the amount of progesterone produced may be less. Structural causes such as fibroids or polyps also tend to be more common as we age. Hopefully you will get a more "for sure" answer after your ultrasound.  Yes, it is fine to have sex during the spotting episodes, unless it makes the pain/cramping worse. If the spotting only occurs midcycle then one would wonder if it was peri-ovulatory spotting due to the abrupt estrogen spike and decline at that time. If the spotting becomes more prevalent, or the pain more marked, you should return to your GYN for follow up.  Premenstrual yeast infections are fairly common. The timing has been attributed to either a slight blunting of immune function at this time in the cycle, or pH changes. (Menstrual flow is alkaline and the good vaginal bacterias prefer a more acidic environment.) Yet in your specific case you mention using both an over the counter treatment (hopefully one with a truly active ingredient such as miconazole or clotrimazole) AND prescription Difulcan tablets. Frequent/recurrent yeast infections that do not respond to any of the prescribed treatments suggest a couple of POSSIBILITIES. First that yeast is not the culprit, or second that it is one of the atypical subtypes of yeast ("candida"). The easiest way to help unravel this question is to have the GYN do a yeast CULTURE the next time you have symptoms. If the culture is negative then yeast is not the cause. Some other conditions which can produce yeast type symptoms include: 1. Cytolytic vaginitis--this is an overgrowth of the beneficial, hydrogen peroxide producing lactobacili that help keep the vagina clear of undesirable bacteria. An overgrowth can produce an itchy, burning, irritating discharge. 2. Lichen sclerosus--this is a skin condition outside the vagina (usually between the vaginal opening and the anus) that can create intense itching and irritation. 3. Contact dermatitis--this would be from a change in tampons/pads, new bubble bath, etc. If the yeast culture is positive, then the lab can identify which of the yeast subtypes may be the villain. Most yeast medications are developed for candida albicans --about 80% of yeast infections are due to this. The other 20% or so are uncommon subtypes (e.g. candid glabrata). To treat the less common subtypes clinicians may try boric acid vaginally or even painting with a gentian violet (very messy!). If these are truly reoccurances of candida albicans you might need repeat or prolonged treatments. A blood sugar or hemoglobin A 1C test can be considered. If you have ever had someone give you oral sex (or you use saliva for masturbation) you may be getting exposure to yeast. Yeast is present in the gut from the mouth to the rectum. You can certainly try the so called lifestyle treatments for yeast. Additional lifestyle methods, which have been advocated for "yeast infection prevention," include: a diet low in refined sugars and simple carbohydrates, avoidance of tight jeans, use of cotton underwear, eating natural lactobacillus yogurt, and others. There are few, if any, good research studies which demonstrate that these methods are helpful, but some women swear by them. Bottom line, although it's more expensive, a yeast/candida culture may help find a diagnosis and direct treatment if this pattern persists.  There is a medical definition of too-heavy periods. If a woman is bleeding 80cc (2.7 ounces  about 1/3 of a cup) or more, that is excessive bleeding. Some general indications of excessive bleeding can include: Saturating a maxipad or super tampon every 60-90 minutes for several hours Passage of large clots (quarter sized or larger) Significant bleeding for more than seven days Probably the most important factor would be if your bleeding is heavy enough to interfere with your normal activities. There are two major reasons for very prolonged/heavy periods: hormonal and structural. Hormonal causes are usually linked to missed or erratic ovulation. In a normal cycle, estrogen is produced all month. In a normal cycle, progesterone production increases following ovulation. Progesterone stabilizes the uterine lining in preparation for a possible implantation of a new pregnancy. If you are not pregnant that month the levels of estrogen and progesterone fall, triggering the release of the uterine lining  your period. If you do not ovulate, the estrogen build up of the lining continues, but without the usual ovulation associated progesterone. Thus, the hormone levels dont decline, and the lining stays up inside the uterus as a missed/late period. Alternatively the lining can begin to shed under its own weight, producing prolonged bleeding. After several months of missed periods, the lining of the uterus can become very thickened. Prolonged and heavy flows are not uncommon after months of missed flows. A structural cause of heavy menstrual bleeding means that excessive bleeding is due to actual problems within the cavity or walls of the uterus. Some examples of this would include: infections of the lining of the uterus, fibroids of the uterus, endometriosis of the muscular wall of the uterus (adenomyosis), polyps of the uterine lining, or even uterine cancer.  It is most probably due to hormones --- unless you have some other cause for breast tenderness such as starting to work out, a severe respiratory infection (chest wall inflammation), etc. You mentioned that you did not have your usual breast soreness before this period. It arrived after the flow. My best GUESS is that your last "period" may not have been linked to an ovulation. Classically, periods caused by ovulations have the most prominent premenstrual symptoms (breast pain, cramps, etc). Also, if you missed an ovulation last month you have been exposed to continued levels of estrogen. Estrogen has been a purported cause of breast tenderness and enlargement. Hopefully, this is just a temporary thing. If the bilateral breast pain persists or you develop other symptoms such as the pain and blistering of shingles on the chest, you should see your GYN or clinic for a breast exam.  ... There are two major reasons for very prolonged/heavy periods: hormonal and what I call "structural". "Structural" means when excessive bleeding is due to actual problems within the cavity or walls of the uterus. Some examples of this would include fibroids of the uterus, endometriosis of the muscular wall of the uterus ("adenomyosis"), infections of the lining of the uterus (e.g. gonorrhea or chlamydia), polyps of the uterine lining, or even uterine cancer (MUCH less likely in a younger woman). Hormonal causes are usually linked to missed or erratic ovulations. As you may know, in a normal cycle, estrogen is produced all month. Estrogen is responsible for building up the lining of your uterus so you have something to shed each month. In a normal cycle, progesterone production increases following ovulation. Progesterone "stabilizes" the uterine lining in preparation for a possible implantation of a new pregnancy. If you are not pregnant that month the levels of estrogen and progesterone fall, triggering the release of the uterine liningyour period. So, if you do not ovulate, the estrogen build up of the lining continues, but without the usual ovulation associated progesterone. Thus, the hormone levels don't decline, and the lining stays up inside the uterusyour missed/late period. Alternatively the lining can begin to shed under its own weight producing prolonged bleeding. ... Causes for not ovulating are multifold: thyroid problems, pituitary problems, ovarian cysts, physical stressors (e.g. sudden increases in exercise, crash dieting), emotional stressors (problems with partners, work/school, finances), increased body weight, anorexia, rotating shifts at work, etc. ...  ... IF you are using some type of hormonal birth control this might represent prolonged break through bleeding. Erratic bleeding on birth control can be started if one gets an infection such as chlamydia (e.g. from new sexual partner or a partner with other partners). If you are not using hormonal birth control then the most common reason for erratic and prolonged bleeding (once an accidental pregnancy has be ruled out) is a hormonal change. Usually this change is linked to a missed ovulation in the month or months before the abnormal bleed. Causes for not ovulating are multifold: thyroid problems, pituitary problems, ovarian cysts, physical stressors (e.g. sudden increases in exercise, crash dieting), emotional stressors (problems with parents or boyfriends/girlfriends, exams), increased body weight, anorexia, rotating shifts at work, etc.  A woman can have apparently regular flows and yet still not be having regular ovulation. How can this happen? In a cycle without an ovulation, estrogen stimulation (assisted by the hormone FSH) will continue to make the lining of the uterus grow thicker and thicker. In the absence of an LH (luteinizing hormone) surge, no ovulation will occur. The progesterone level will not rise. When the follicle that contains the un-ovulated egg involutes (shrinks), the womans blood estrogen level will drop. This triggers much of the lining to be shed. Thus if it takes two to three weeks for the follicle and un-ovulated egg to regress, the woman may have somewhat regular bleeds. How often does this happen? In the first year after menstrual periods begin, up to 55% of the cycles may occur without ovulation (Mansfield & Emans, 1984). In a study of 20- to 35-year-old women who had regular cycles but were infertile, an average of 30% of women were not ovulating. Among these 123 women with regular cycles the highest incidence of not ovulating was 41%. This highest incidence occurred among women who had never had a conception. Women who had at least one documented pregnancy had a lower incidence of non-ovulation despite regular periods (Hegab, 1987). Finally, the presence of very regular periods, accompanied by common premenstrual symptoms (molimena) suggests an ovulatory cycle  especially when there are menstrual cramps. Yet this may not always be the case. In as many as 5% of these classic for ovulation cycles, ovulation may not have occurred (Speroff, 1999).  When a women has had a natural menopause..., we suggest that birth control be used for 12 months after the last natural period. The reason is that some women will have a temporary interruption of ovulations/periods creating months of no periods. Then periods and possible fertility can resume. This is especially common during the four years preceding menopause, and the year following probable last natural period. Bottom line, after three years, in a woman over 53 years old, pregnancy is unlikely. ...  The bleeding pattern you have described can be common as women move into their 40's. Women have described it as "having all my period flow within the first 48 hours--with spotting on either side". If you are near this age group then the most likely explanation is a decline in progesterone produced by the ovaries as we age. If you are in your 20's then the fear is that one may have had a miscarriage. Yet with a miscarriage bleeding tends to be prolonged. If you have any risk for pregnancy you should get a reliable pregnancy test. If the test is negative, my best GUESS would be a missed ovulation. This can trigger heavier (or lighter) flows than usual. Alas, this condition is difficult to confirm unless the woman has a history of erratic/missed periods. In terms of the large clots/tissue, when we send such specimens to the lab, the report returns as: white blood cells, red blood cells, fibrin, and other components of uterine lining tissue. It can look different as it is more solid that the liver-like consistence of blood clots. Many women worry that this is linked to a missed miscarriage, but that is not the usual explanation. When the bleeding is very heavy the volume of bleeding outstrips the enzyme produced by the lining of the uterus designed to keep the flow liquid (easier to pass through the cervical canal). Thus when large clots are seen we see that as a confirmation of heavier than normal bleeding. ...  So it is kinda normal? It's just my body gettin back to normal?  A lot of things can contribute to this. You didn't specify your age and if you could possibly be experiencing menopause. If not, are you on a new birth control pill, or any type of birth control. Many of these can cause irregular prolonged periods. You also didn't mention if you experience pain with this. If you have pain with it, you should consult your physician. You certainly need to take all this into consideration, age, type of birth control, and if you have changed or switched any type of medication or are taking any type of new medication.  Some bleeding can occur while taking birth control pills. You should definitely continue taking them and not the placebo. If you have recently been prescribed an antibiotic, you should also use a different form of birth control while taking the antibiotic. Antibiotics can often cause your birth control pills not to be effective and cause an unwanted pregnancy. Bleeding while taking birth control, especially if you just started taking them recently is completely normal, it is called "break through bleeding" and can occur at all times during your cycle of taking your birth control pills but do not stop taking them, continue taking them as directed every day, preferably at the same time every day.  Breast pain is common in some females while having their period. As for being tired all the time, you could be slightly anemic (meaning your iron is low) and you should take a good multi vitamin every day. When taking a vitamin with iron, which sounds like you need, always take it with meals. Taking a vitamin with iron can make you experience nausea and vomiting. Always take vitamins after a meal.  It is possible to be pregnant and still have a period. If your periods are lighter than usual and you have all the symptoms of pregnancy, you should definitely have a pregnancy test. An ovarian cyst can certainly cause the pain you describe as well. You should first rule out that you are pregnant, then consult yor physician for treatment of the ovarian cyst, if you do in fact have one. If it is large enough, it may need to be removed surgically, and if it's just a small one, it should resolve itself in time. A simple ultrasound of the pelvic area will quickly tell your doctor if you are suffering from a cyst.  No, it is quite common to skip several periods after the depo shot  Go immediately to your physician and make sure you don't have a tubal pregnancy, this is a very serious condition. The fetus is growing outside the fallopian wall rather than growing inside the abdomen. This is an extremely painful condition and will only get worse without proper treatment and is very dangergous for you  It is possible. It sounds as if you and your Mom are very close and you are very much in tune to her pain, and therefore, when she has her period, you are having symptoms, and pain similiar to hers. It's the same as a husband that loves his wife so very much, and often when she is pregnant, he will have "sympathy" pain and experience some of what she is going through  you really shouldn't worry about getting pregnanat while on birth control. Your periods are being missed because of the birth control, however, that is completely normal. I would not be concerned with it at all  i didn't understand that you put the nuvaring in a day late. You can take a pregnancy test about 10 days after you apply the nuvaring. The pregnancy tests today are so advanced that pregnancy can be detected within a short time.  She needs to go see a doctor, preferably a gynecologist, immediately. A nonstop period could be a sign of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). Usually, PCOS causes women not to have periods, or to have very intermittent ones, but in my case it caused my period to go on for months without fully stopping. So, like I said, tell her she needs to go to the gynecologist. If she chooses to go to the regular doctor, they'll probably send her to the gyn anyway. Hope it stops soon!  I know I got it tired once and cut but like you said it could have untied. I took a test 3 days into me being late which came back negative, but i have like I did with my first 3 so I have no clue. I've done my research on the tubal ligation and damn people still get pregnant after getting them tied. So i don't know.  It could be that you have hemmoriods, especially if there is pain when passing a bowel movement.  It wouldn't hurt to take the test now and see if you are pregnant.  Was this your first time? Perhaps the bleeding occurred as a result of him bursting through your hymen as you lost your virginity.  How long is your "normal' menstrual cycle? In a typical 28 day cycle, the most fertile days would be from Day 11 to Day 15, with ovulation occurring approximately on Day 14. The first day of bleeding would NOT be a fertile day and sperm deposited at that time would only live until Day 5 so could not cause a pregnancy.  Not likely but it depends a lot on if you have a "regular" menstrual cycle. In a 28 day cycle, you'd ovulate around day 14, and the days you could get pregnant would range from approximately days 11 to 16. His sperm can live for up to 5 days in your body, so sex from 3 days before until 2 days after the egg is released, could result in pregnancy. In your case the egg was long dead when you were possibly exposed to his sperm, and the next one won't be around for a while yet.  Two weeks before her due date is her most fertile time.  It could also be the start of menopause.  Might be already pregnant.  Early miscarriage perhaps.  In a 28 day cycle, ovulation likely takes place around day 14. Pregnancy can result from intercourse 4 days before to 3 days after ovulation, which would be days 10 to 17. So yes, that activity on day 12 could lead to pregnancy but I'd be surprised at the symptoms showing so quickly.  IF you have a fairly regular 28 day cycle, a period due on 25th of May would indicate ovulation was expected to be around 11th of May. The 4th of May is 7 days before that, but sperm only live about 4 days, (at most 5 days) while swimming around searching for the egg.  Could be a sign of Endometriosis, or perhaps you were pregnant and had a miscarriage.  Experiencing stress can definitely affect your monthly period. Also not all negative pregnancy tests are accurate. Positive tests are accurate however.  Topamax has no proven value for bipolar or other mood disorders and can sometimes cause depression, so if your perception is that your mood is worse on it, consider discussing with your doctor the idea of stopping it to see if your mood improves. Probably the best strategy for premenstrual flares of mood superimposed on bipolar disorder is to focus on the traditional treatments for bipolar disorder in combinations -- lithium, Depakote, Lamictal, and potentially an atypical antipsychotic.  There is no reason your period should stop from Abilify. In you're not getting your period it's worth seeing your gynecologist.  Thank you for the answer I'm actually writing in my wife and yes we are trying to get pregnant, I appreciate the informative and thorough answer.  Hi, This sounds very unusual and if I was you I would either go to your doctor or visit your local hospital.  my best guess would be ovulation, it can be very painful at times  yes, it can  How long have you been on birth control?  I would assume it is just because you skipped a few pills so it completely changes your cycle, however your own body's hormones could be contributing to it as well. I would tell your doctor about it. I started on birth control and went 80 days with no period then got off of it and found out that my body's natural hormones were already off so birth control was confusing my body even more! Hope that helps.  I would assume it is just because you skipped a few pills so it completely changes your cycle, however your own body's hormones could be contributing to it as well. I would tell your doctor about it. I started on birth control and went 80 days with no period then got off of it and found out that my body's natural hormones were already off so birth control was confusing my body even more! Hope that helps.  I have had the same problems. I recommend going to the doctor and recommending a hormone blood test. It turned out that my pelvic pain was from an ovarian cysts and missed periods because of hormone imbalances. It took several doctors until one would finally test my hormones even after asking each one of them to do it! You know your body best, keep searching for an answer! Best of luck to you!  I don't have an answer but I wanted to say congratulations! That is awesome! I am 18 and being tested for PCOS myself. Best of luck to you!  You said you weren't taking it correctly. Are you saying that you just started taking it correctly as in every day? It takes a few cycles for the body to get used to it. It isn't used to all of the hormones being put into it by you taking your pill every day.  I would assume it is normal but not positive. However I am positive that brown blood is old blood, so you are not actively bleeding! I would assume it is old blood from the actual surgery and is just being passed now because of gravity. That is my guess.  I know a lot of people who have had this problem! They're all perfectly healthy, it's just how they're body works. I recommend she sees a doctor. They can perform other tests to make sure all is fine and they will most likely put her on bc pills to regulate her cycle.  Well the good news is, brown blood means old blood! Meaning you're not currently bleeding. I have started periods with brown blood also. I've had ovarian cysts myself and know how painful they are so maybe it could be a cyst? However, if it is very painful you should get it checked out and if it is coming from the right side you should go to the ER just to make sure it's not your appendix. I know bursting cysts feel a lot like an appendix attack so it is best to have it checked out. Also, if you are having 45 days between periods you might want to mention that to your doctor as well. Maybe you could ask about taking a birth control that only contains one of the hormones, I've taken one like that before.  I am 18 and have had period problems myself so I know how frustrating it is! I recommend seeing a Gynecologist to get things checked out. (I know, sounds like the worst place in the world to go but I promise it isn't that bad!)  When I did the same thing the bleeding only lasted the length of a regular period for me.  do you have regular periods? Are they longer than 32 days apart? If they are then it could be uterine lining building up. I recommend seeing a gyno   If you suspect you are pregnant then you should see a doctor to confirm or even try taking one of the many pregnancy tests. Everyone is different when it comes to pregnancy, spotting, bloating, nausea, hot flashes, ect... If there is bleeding it usually is problematic and you need the help of a professional.  Just because he rubbed against you and didn't ejaculate does not mean you cant get pregnant. If there is pre-cum there is a chance for pregnancy. If you are late on your period by 2 days you can test for pregnancy. A simple urine test will tell you if you are pregnant or not. You have signs and symptoms of a couple of different things. When did you have your last pap smear? Or have you ever had one? How old are you? If this persists for more than 1 week take a test. if it is negative go see the gynecologist and have them just do a pelvic exam and pap smear just in case. It is just routine. This way all bases (no pun intended) are covered. Plus, you will have peace of mind. Good Luck!    you get prego the moment the sperm fertilizes the egg but it takes two weeks to show on a preganacy test according to my doctor. she may only be late.  If the pain is sharp, and placed about a quarter of the way down the hip and to the back side of hip, it could possibly be sciatic nerve issue. A good Chiropractor can help.  Stress can cause you to miss your period and it can cause nausea and vomiting and flu like symptoms, take some anti nausea medicine to help relieve some of the vomiting.  its your body shedding off old pieces of your uterus wall and any left over menstrual blood, its normal to have spotting and for it to look a reddish, brown color , but if it continues contact your physician.  Based on your history, I would seek medical attention. Using Plan B twice could cause irregular bleeding, but highly unlikely to cause severe suprapubic pain. Since you are on the Nuva ring, you should always insert the birth control even after using Plan B. If you became pregnant, of course your period would not come the following month but its best to stay on schedule with birth control. If not you start to miss with your cycle which can cause scares. Best thing to do would be, take a pregnancy test first then call your OBGYN and have an appointment set up. Also, Plan B should only be used in emergency cases and is not safe to use every time a mishap comes along.  Based on your history, if its truthful which I beileve you are. Birth Control pills can cause irregular spotting, but mainly are used to make periods regular. If you have recently missed a pill or taking any prescription medicines its likely they have interferred with your cycle. Also, if you have a hx of Cyst, this could also cause vaginal bleeding. If you are still concered, contact your OBGYN.  If your asking if you can be tested for STDS and HIV through Blood work instead of a pelvic exam, the answer is yes. Actually the only way to be tested for HIV is through blood work. Some STDs like PID, gonorrhea, Chlamydia have to be done through Pelvic exam using swabs. After your cycle, you should see your local health department or OBGYN and he/she would order a GChlamydia. In order for your doctor to know if you have Genital Herpes you would need a pelvic exam as well. Best of luck! I know pelvic exams can be quite comfortable but its important to know..there are treatmentss for some STDs.  I dont know you sexual history, but if you have had sexual intercourse. You could be having a miscarriage, or even worse a Tubal pregnancy. If you feel either of these could be the case you need to contact your OBGYN right away! If you have not had sexual intercourse there are many things that can affect your cycle.  Women can still have a small , lite" Period" after conception . The main thing to look for is clumping or clotting . If either of these occur you are not pregnant. There are now pregnancy tests that can now tell you if you have conceived before your next period is due. Best to invest in a few of these as well as ovulation predictor kits . Good luck !  It is highly unlikely , but possible  Great question, but I have to ask if you also spoke with your doctor about this? I would suggest letting them know because the other factor that comes into play here is what the diagnosis is. What is selected for drug therapy will really depend on that. If you medication cannot be switched, you may want to look at the Plavix web site for programs they have to help offset the cost of the medications. It is very important that you don't just stop taking the medication because that could lead to you ending up in the hospital (and a bigger health care bill!)  First, you should know that there is no way that I can tell you for sure who the father of your baby is. But, medically, you should know that those people are wrong. It is completely possible for you to be impregnated during your period. Your period works on a simple cycle: your womb builds up a blood-like lining on the walls of itself that is both cushioning and nutrient-rich; then, your ovaries release an egg that waits to be fertilized for a few days or hours, depending on the woman (ovulation); then, when the egg is not fertilized OR the body does not perceive the fertilization, the lining falls away and is your period. This last part can happen while you are ovulating or actually after. Every woman is different. But MOST women have 1 week of lining build-up, 1 week of ovulation, 1 week of waiting, then 1 week of period, approximately. The only way to know is to have a paternal test done with either a home kit or by a doctor. After the baby is born, if your cycle bothers you that much, you can have tests done to determine if you ovulate before, during, or after your period.  First of all, are you on birth control? And second of all, you really should be more careful, stds and pregnancy are serious. I would consult someone you trust or your gyno. If your regular period is missed, then I would take a pregnancy test (or a few to be sure) and go see someone.  You know when a girl starts menstruating, just like our perimenopausal girls, the adolescent teenager can have irregular cycles up to three years after she starts her period, but hopefully once she gets out of the irregular cycles, a normal menstrual cycle is between 21 to 35 days, and usually bleeding somewhere between 4 to 7 days. Heavy bleeding, light bleeding, does it matter? I always tell the girls that if their cycles are heavier than a pad an hour, or they are passing clots, or their bleeding extends longer than 7 days that they should call the gynecologist.  The average age that women experience menopause is 51. Women who have menopause before age 40 are considered to have premature menopause. At age 32 if you haven't had a period for over 1 year, it would be good for you to see a doctor for an evaluation. The doctor may do a physical exam and tests to determine the cause. Here is a link to an article that describes premature menopause http://www.webmd.com/menopause/guide/premature-menopause Take care<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p>  If you are pregnant, it would NOT "MOST likely be ectopic." It's simply MORE Likely than if you had not had a tubal ligation, but the odds are still in your favor. I believe the chances of a woman without a tubal ligation, has a 1 in 400 chance of an ectopic pregnancy but now you might have a 1 in 100 chance. So the odds are still quite in your favor but technically, you're "4 times more likely than you were, before" the tubal ligation. Make sense?  If I recall correctly, the Depo shots are intended to last 3 months or so. So you're not really late if your last shot was in September. If you have not had a period by January, you might check with your doctor.  So are you getting a refill on the nuvaring? That seems like the first thing I'd do. For what it's worth, I use the NuvaRing to regulate my periods, b/c they were getting too heavy. Weird bad causes for the heavy bleeding were explored, ruled out, and then I got the NuvaRing as the treatment.  If I'm not mistaken, the Mayo clinic studied this and said only one anti biotic has been shown to impact birth control's effectiveness at all.It's "Rifampin". Out of an abundance of caution, some doctors suggest using a second form of birth control for a month.  If there's nothing to become impregnated with, then no you cannot get pregnant. Just make sure you are as aware of what is really happening in the moment, so you know what's happening. Another option of course is to use birth control or have it available, in case.  is that 2-3 days after your period ended? generally, ovulation can begin anywhere from 8-15 days (give or take) after day 1 of your period.  I seriously doubt it, but I guess it could be possible. But very very unlikely  The best advice I can give you is to make a doctor appointment and have them do a blood test and Hcg urine test just to be sure pregnancy did not or did occur either way.   When worried about an STI, its always a good idea to go see an actual, live doctor fro an examination; advice from chat rooms and forums is good, but you want to always be SURE when talking about an STI. On a separate note, keeping your penis in good overall health through the use of a penis health crme with vitamins and amino acids is a good idea. Good luck!  I would wait another week then take a test. Your cycles could just be changing. But it could be to early to tell    I can't speak to the clinical aspect of your issue, but to get your condition checked out without insurance you can try a few things.  You're only guaranteed a Medigap plan within the first six months of becoming eligible for Medicare. After that, insurers can take the state of your health into consideration when deciding whether or not to sell you a plan and for how much. That's why experts often suggest people think carefully before switching from traditional Medicare to Medicare Advantage. It's the one part of Medicare that doesn't guarantee coverage beyond the initial eligibility period.  Personally i never spotted. I just missed my period and then got a positive pregnancy test. from the sounds of it looks like you could be and it might be too early for a pg test. try again in a couple days. If you are trying to conceive then i hope for your BFP! good luck!!  If you have had sex without birth control, then it's possible you are pregnant. Sometimes the urine pregnancy tests will be negative if it's still very early. A blood pregnancy test can confirm if you are pregnant.  A blood test would be the next step. Home pregnancy tests may not show a positive reading at this early point.  It's possible but your cramps shouldn't be "horrible" you should see a doctor...  Yes, if you are female and have had sexual intercourse.  I was on the pill - ortho tri cyclen. I was on it for about 4 years.  Also *I would occasionally have bright red almost pink on t.p , but it was never amount that I needed tampon.Never a flow it was just here and there. I have headaches, indigestion, heartburn, backaches. I took one hpt on Wednesday (today) morning , but said negative. I still have a tiny tiny amount of pink spots with brown. I also had light cramps on first after that nothing it didnt even feel like a period.  Either hormonal changes or imbalance or an effect of your menstrual cycle. Get your hormones checked...could be a sign of something wrong.  Very much so! You can be pregnant and still have your period. I did for the first 4 months. I'd no idea I was pregnant until I went to my doctors for feeling run down and bloated and I'm a doctor!! When my doctor told me I was pregnant I was so surprised I said, like a dope, wow, I wonder how that happened? He gave me a look which made me feel about 2" high! I thought I had the flu and here he tells me I have the 9 month flu! Should have seen my husbands face as we had needed fertility medication to get our first child and now God just blessed us with one and we were through the first trimester without all that worry too so some things can be a blessing in the long run. I'm sure you've read about women who actually deliver and never knew they were pregnant (or at least that's what they say, I've had 4 sons and I've no idea how you could not know you are pregnant once the little one starts tap dancing on your insides! Mine wouldn't even let me read in bed. I would prop the book on my stomach as I really had nowhere else to prop it and holding it in mid air that high would have made my arms ache but as soon as the baby felt the book on my abdomen he would kick at it, bounce his feet off it and try to get it off of my stomach by any way possible. It really was funny but after a while a little annoying too! Be Well, Aylagh MacAnnadh, M.D.  yes it all depends on if your fertile and if your eggs are good or not.  From my own personal experience, it is definitely possible. When I talked to my doctor about it, they had me switch pills. I still bled up until I decided to use the patch instead. Talk to your doctor, if you haven't already, and see what they say. Good luck!  There are no reported interactions between Vyvanse and birth control pills. Anytime a woman is experiencing changes in her menstrual cycle she should consult her gynecologist.  No. It is not dangerous. But you would want to do it with the advice of a health-care professional to make sure you do it right. There are actually versions of birth control that are approved for less or even no placebo days at all -- making them continuous-use pills. If you want to change the timing of your period by adjusting when you take the placebos, you should talk to your gynecologist to be sure you do it right or you could end up pregnant.  Anytime you skip a period, you should be concerned about being pregnant. It is always a possibility. You can take an over-the-counter pregnancy test, or contact your gynecologist.  It is OK to start mid-cycle. But you are not protected from pregnancy until you have taken the pill for at least seven consecutive days. It is also likely that the pills may change your cycle. You should expect to get your period about three days after you finish the active pills in the pack. In the meantime, you may notice some breakthrough bleeding or spotting since you started right before your period was supposed to come. Talk to your gynecologist if you notice anything new or unusual.  It is possible to have irregular bleeding in the first few cycles after Mirena is removed. But if you are experiencing unusual bleeding, it's best that you check with your gynecologist to make sure nothing else could be wrong.  If she is on her period it is not very likely.. there is really only one week of each month you can get pregnant, when you ovulate and that is about 2 weeks before your period usually.  wat is tht frist word me im srry im not used to big words lol  Seems like you really wanted a miscarage. If you don't want a baby it is called birth control or plan B if it is too late. Yes there is such a thing! I don't think people like you deserve to have a baby with a question like that. We all know what kind of question that is. Do not bring a baby into the world if you are trying to kill it off already. Everyone in this world do not need more idiotic people like you to abandon and abuse their kids. If you didn't know I will tell you right know, that is not right and I look down on you for that. If you do want one then don't because you are oviously not ready.  Unfortunately, menopause is associated with dryness in many areas -- the skin included. Estrogen therapy does help in general, but skin dryness alone is not an official indication for estrogen therapy. Most dermatologists recommend lots of topical moisturizers. One other thing to remember is that as it gets colder, and we keep our heat on more and more, the air in the house tends to get drier. So adding moisture to the air in your home is a good idea -- even getting a kid's vaporizer for the bedroom can be helpful. If moisture doesn't help, do check in with your healthcare provider to rule out other skin issues, like eczema.  The flow issues you report are actually quite common, and believe it or not, in general have little to do with our estrogen levels going down. Actually, the first thing that happens to many women is that we stop ovulating real well, and we stop making progesterone very well (progesterone is the hormone our ovaries make after we ovulate.) I describe progesterone to my patients as the "policeman of the lining of the uterus" -- estrogen causes the lining of the uterus to grow, and without "police" action, you can get some very crazy bleeding patterns -- too frequent, not coming regularly, and very heavy flow when they do come. One of the ways we actually can manage the crazy flow is with progesterone. Often, gynecologists will suggest to our patients that we give them 12 days or so of progesterone every two or three months,if they haven't had a period: That will cause the lining of the uterus to think you have ovulated; when you stop taking the progesterone, the uterus will say "time for a clean out" -- but since you've taken the progesterone you should have a reasonably controlled bleed. Another way we often deal with these issues (in non-smokers) are low-dose birth control pills -- especially if one is having hot flashes, etc. and crazy periods. Now the kicker here is I don't know what to make of your chest pain. Chest pains can be related to menopause-- however, women do start experiencing more true cardiac issues around the time of menopause. So I would check in with your primary care medical doc, who may even suggest you check in with a cardiologist -- presuming they do rule out heart disease, then you can proceed on the "attack the menopause" front. Again, help should be available for all of your problems.  You are reporting a very interesting and fairly common pattern -- for which there may be help... . Yes, you were absolutely correct to check on your blood count. And taking the iron is absolutely the correct thing to do. But trying to lessen the blood loss will be helpful, too. A short physiology lesson: as we head toward menopause, we stop ovulating well. When we ovulate well, we make good amounts of progesterone, which acts as the "policeman" of the lining of the uterus -- and helps regulate blood loss, and cycles. When you go several months without a period, and there's still estrogen around, you build up a lining of the uterus. Without progesterone, it can just accumulate -- and then overflow, and the flood! So to prevent this type of pattern, a gynecologist can prescribe progesterone to take every two to three months: to act as a "vacuum cleaner" -- and clean out the accumulated lining of the uterus, in a controlled manner. (And you can also plan when to do this -- like not when you are going on vacation). Of course, this is another potential time to use low-dose oral contraceptives -- which have plenty of progestins in them, to control the bleeding. Another option for women with heavy periods, in the perimenopause, who still need contraception, is the progestin-coated IUD called the Mirena. It, too, can prevent the build-up of a lot of tissue to be shed. So the important things to do if you do get into a crazy bleeding pattern: check in with your health care provider; check a blood count, and talk about intervention: progestin, birth control pills, Mirenas -- lots of different options exist.  Yes, this is unusual, and bears investigation. It may be something as simple as a polyp growing out of the cervix (they are reasonably common) -- but I would call your health care provider -- she will probably want to check you, and then may do a pap smear, or a sampling (biopsy) of the lining of the uterus, or an ultrasound to check the lining of the uterus -- all are reasonable to start with. The vast majority of the time, the cause will be totally benign -- but it does bear investigation.  It is difficult to say whether or not you have anorexia based on the limited information you provide but what you are doing is problematic and could lead to an eating disorder.  It is possible to go through premature menopause before 40 but only a doctor can say for sure. Weight gain, especially in the midsection, is related to menopause because the ovaries no longer produce estrogen and this changes the way fat is metabolized. Hemorrhoids are not commonly associated with menopause and can happen to anyone, especially if they are inactive, drink little water and consume a diet low in fiber.  Not answering my own question but would like to clarify what kind of person I am. I have this thing where peer pressure doesn't work on me, regardless of who it is, Ex. Never done drugs, took a sip of alcohol and that was that (nasty stuff, I think I'm allergic to it in fact), still a virgin at 20 I have no pressure when it comes to my actions, if I don't want to do it I don't do it, if I do then I do. I'm asking for help not relationship advice.  Could be a kidney infectin  Sounds like you may also have started pre menopause  Don't stop birth control unless you'd welcome a pregnancy. Perimenopause is defined as the transition to menopause and includes the first year after your final menstrual period. The length of the perimenopause varies widely among women and generally lasts anywhere from two to eight years. During this time, you will likely have irregular menstrual cycles. The cycles may be shorter or longer than your usual cycles, and you may frequently "skip" periods. Another characteristic of the perimenopause is the increased occurrence of anovulatory cycles (menstrual bleeding in the absence of ovulation). However, as long as you're having menstrual bleeding, you may not know whether or not you are ovulating, and it is possible to still ovulate in some cycles and not in others during this time. If you are sexually active and do not want to risk pregnancy, you should continue using birth control throughout the perimenopause.  Yes i have takent the shot before. it helped for the first month but went back to normal the next month. Thank you though.  Unlikely, but if the semen wasn't dried up or dead yet, and if you were at a stage of ovulation, then there is a possibility. Throw caution to the wind if you are not aiming to have a bun in the oven, and take a test or use the Plan B pill; it's most effective within the first 72 hours/3 days of intercourse.  Probably what your experiencing is an early sign of pre-menopause but I as A practicing E.R doctor to go to your Primary Care Doctor before conseidering the following  Well first off did you use protection during those sexual intercourses?  Recovery from bilateral total knee arthroplasty can be very challenging. Those individuals that have gone through it can confirm it first hand. Like all things in medicine some people will recover quicker than others. In our practice most people that undergo bilateral TKA [total knee arthroplasty] spend some period of time in a rehabilitation center after leaving the inpatient setting. I like to think that people are about 75% recovered at 6 weeks but it often seems like people make continued recovery all the way out to one year following surgery. This seems to hold relatively true for patients following single TKA and therefore you can imagine that the recovery process could be even longer and more challenging when both are done at the same time. If you feel like you are making progress each day or week or even each month then you are probably headed to a good long term result. There are certainly times that patients will get discouraged by the challenge of recovery but remember that the overwhelming majority of patients that have the operation experience improvement in pain, function and quality of life.  Most experts feel strongly that breakfast, typically within about an hour or so after waking, is very important. I do not disagree, however I am mostly interested in the content of the meals rather than the meal timing.  Whats interesting about that is women in general, although their bodies actually get better sleep than men, historically when we look in the data, they only get better sleep for short periods of time. Because everything starts when the menstrual cycle begins. So when the womans menstrual cycle begins, Ive got patients who are really sleepy a week before their period, and Ive got women who have insomnia the week before their period. I have women who are really sleeping during their period, and women who have insomnia during their period. So, its very individualized, based on your menstrual cycle, and that ebb and flow is going to occur over the course of the 28 to 30 day cycle that youre going to have throughout your entire life. Then women may or may not become pregnant. Thats a whole other ball game when it comes to sleep. A lot of women are absolutely exhausted during their first trimester, or have insomnia trimester. The second trimester is usually the area where women are able to fall asleep a little bit better, but by the time they have their third trimester, they are so uncomfortable, and they cant get into a good position, that they dont get good sleep then. Now, were talking about after the baby has come. Well, all bets are pretty much off once the baby has shown up, especially if youre breast feeding, because then youve got more sleep deprivation, because children are waking up, needing to be fed and things of that nature. So again, women have the pretty bad deal when it comes to sleep, over the course of that section of their lives. When we move past that, whether or not you sleep during your childrens teenage years may be another factor of your child, and then you start to get into menopause. And then, weve got significant hormonal changes that are going to cause sleepiness in some people and insomnia in others. Primarily, we see a lot of insomnia. Theres only been one or two studies that have looked at sleep aides, with women who are going through menopause, and theyve actually shown some pretty good results in that women who are going through menopause can take some of these sleep medications and do pretty well.  Metronidazole (Flagyl) does not affect your period. However, if you are taking a birth control pill, the antibiotic can affect how well the pill works -- meaning if you didn't use another form of birth control it would increase the likelihood of getting pregnant. Home pregnancy tests are sensitive enough to detect pregnancy if you're one week late if that's a possibility. Just be sure to get a test that says it can detect pregnancy when you're one week late.  It sounds like you may still be having some spotting, where the flow of your menstrual period has gotten very slow, indicating that you're probably getting near the end of your period. The blood may look like a brown color. So your period doesn't appear to be over quite yet.  I can't tell if you mean you haven't had a period in 10 months and now you're bleeding or if you just stopped your HRT and now you're bleeding for 2 weeks. Either way ... Yes, if you have been bleeding for 2 weeks, you should see your doctor. Your body may need help adjusting to stopping the HRT (if you recently stopped it). Your doctor may need to give you something to stop the bleeding. The concern would be that if you're losing a lot of blood, you could develop anemia. So at this point the bleeding may need to be stopped and that requires a visit to your doctor. If you haven't had a period in 10 months and you're bleeding now, you definitely need to be seen to determine what's causing the bleeding.  The main way we first determine how far along a woman is in her pregnancy is by her period. Further along in the pregnancy we can use other indicators, including ultrasound. At this point there really is no way for you to know, so you should go ahead and make an appointment with your doctor to touch base. They may want to do an ultrasound to get an idea of how far along you are.  While there are certain times during a woman's monthly cycle where she may be less likely to get pregnant, this is a very unreliable method for preventing pregnancy. First of all, a woman would need to know when she's ovulating and most women cannot reliably tell. And even if she can tell, there is still a chance she could get pregnant even if she avoids sex for several days following ovulation. I would not recommend this approach if you're trying to prevent pregnancy. It has a high rate of failure. Also, of course unprotected intercourse always runs the risk of transmitting STDs, such as herpes, gonorrhea, chlamydia, and even HIV.  Yes, it's possible to have a period even if you're pregnant. If you are at least 10 to 14 days late for your period, you can take a pregnancy test. Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. In fact, some pregnancy tests may even detect pregnancy on the first day of your missed period.  Home pregnancy tests are very accurate so it's unlikely that you were pregnant before, especially if you were at least 7 to 10 days late for your period. Chapped lips aren't a common pregnancy symptom but it sounds like you had this issue before. Given the recurring problem with your period and the other symptoms you're having, I would not assume this is pregnancy. It's worth a visit to your doctor to find out what's going on. There's no harm in taking another pregnancy test, but if it's negative call your doctor so you can find out what's going on.  While it is still possible to get pregnant, it's less likely since you started your period the next day. That means that you were not likely in a time in your cycle where pregnancy is likely. To increase your ability to get pregnant, you should time intercourse around the time of ovulation. WebMD's ovulation calculator can help .  Pregnancy is a possibility  One and a half to two months.  Very little, still see a doctor though because if you aren't pregnant you may still have another health concern.  6 months? goto the doctor.  It could be Endometriosis. It runs on my moms side of the family quite heavily, most of my aunts had it, and my mom had it, the only thing i know to do is see a gyno, tell them your pain, im almost 21 and was told that i have beginning stages of it, since im now pregnant i dont have periods and no pain but i have to be checked out after i have my daughter. I remember my mom being in loads of pain, they put her on birth control, that didn't work, they gave her hormone injections and that didnt work so finally they did surgery. so my advice is see a gyno, get checked out and go from there! good luck!  It's normal but I bet you know by now. It's just your uterus wall it's skin gets softer once a month when you have your period. So it will peel you will have really bad cramps but when it passes you will will better. But you have nothing to worry about happens to 3 out of 5 girls.  Smoking contributes to the death of approximately 500,000 people each year from heart disease, stroke, and cancer. Smoking tobacco is not known to have any definite effects on seizure control. But persons with epilepsy are not only susceptible to all the usual effects of smoking, but also are at increased risk of injury or death from fire.  Your menstrual cycle could be affected by a number of things. Are you under any new stress, have you started a new exercise routine, have you changed your diet? All those things can cause your period to become abnormal and even cause you to spot throughout the month. There is a chance that you could be pregnant. When I was pregnant with my first child, I had a normal period for the first 5 months. I would take another test in a couple of days (remember first pee of the morning is always best) if that test comes back negative, I wold recommend seeing your doctor.  yes! herpes is commonly transferred from one person to another, just by what people conceive as harmless kissing. Often the person who already has the herpes virus, doesn't even realize they are carrying the disease. There are several different strains of the herpes virus, and the most popular types lay dormant and undetected in the infected individual, thus making the transfer and spread of herpes a common occurrence from just a kiss. A blister on our around your lip area, is the first sign that you may have come in contact with a carrier of the herpes virus. Unless you are in a monogamous relationship, and have not kissed anyone but your partner for years, there is no way to pinpoint who may have passed this lovely treat on to you. you could have received the virus from a make out session 6 months ago, and the disease was dormant until now. Usually stress or lifestyle changes can bring a dormant herpes virus to life. If you think you may have the start of a blister, more commonly referred to as a cold sore, make an appointment with your general practitioner asap. They can give you a prescription that you can start taking right away. Valtrex is commonly prescribed to alleviate the more serious symptoms of the herpes virus. Please keep in mind- once someone passes herpes on to you, you are now a carrier as well, for life! There is no cure for herpes right now, and it is quite simple to unknowingly become infected, and then unknowingly pass on the virus, as well. Believe me- had I known then, what I know now- I would have been a bit more selective about who I played tonsil hockey with.  Sorry, I just saw the your whole question, for some reason, I could only see the first line of your question, when I was answering it. I want to adjust my answer, I wasn't even answering your actual question. No, your vagina would not react in any way from kissing someone. even if you did get the herpes virus from kissing, it would only affect your mouth, as in getting cold sores and blisters etc. Like i said, there are a few different strains of the virus, and genital herpes can only be contracted if someone carrying the virus, actually comes in contact with your vagina, as in having oral sex or sexual intercourse. If this person has never came in contact with your vagina, in any way shape or form, the itching downstairs isn't related to your make out session with this person, and who he has or has not slept with, definitely is not the cause of your issue. Unless you get a cold sore within the next year or so, im relatively certain that you have escaped this episode unscathed...again, sorry about the misinformation, my first answer really didn't answer your specific question, and i wanted to give you a more clear answer. If you have any itching or irritation "down there" and it lasts for more than a day or so, and remains after showering and removing body sweat, I would call your gynecologist, and make an appointment for them to give you a once over. Its quick and painless, and it will put your mind at ease. Thats one area that I wouldn't just "wait it out"!  Period****  I never had a positive urine test with my son and I was pregnant. I would go to your doctor, or a clinic, and have a blood based pregnancy test for more accurate results. It may (I can't remember) take longer for the blood based tests to work - for more time to have passed than 3 weeks. But, bottom line, I would not rely on the urine tests and you may want to consider that you may be pregnant when making decisions (e.g. drinking, smoking, taking medications) until you have gone to the doctor.  Brown discharge is not an uncommon predecessor a day or two before your period starts.  Yes.  For some people a urine test stick does not always work. The HCG Hormone or pregnancy hormone may not be prevelant enough for the pee test to work. I had a friend who had this problem. She tried a pee test after she was knowingly several months pregnant and still came back with several false pee test. You will have to go to your doctor and have a blood test done to confirm wether or not you are pregnant. For whatever reason you may be one that a home pregnancy test might not work. Your other symptoms could be pregnancy related, but if not your doctor should be able to help you figure out what may be causing your symptoms. Good luck.  First let me say that if there was no penetration into your vagina it is unlikely your pregnant. With that being said, a boy does not always have to ejaculate for you to become pregnant. Often times there is precum which also contains semen and can cause pregnancy if they have penetrated your "hole". Peeing would not clean out the semen if there was any in you. The cramps may be caused by menstral cramps or possibly a side effect from the morning after pill. I suggest next time using a condom or other contraceptive if you do not want to get pregnant. Please remember that though other contraceptives may prevent pregnancy, they may not protect against STD's. Consult your doctor about the different precautions or options out there if your unsure what to use. If you are still worried about wether or not your pregnant you could try a at home pregnancy pee test stick.  It can take a couple months for your body to get back on track after BC pills. Keep practicing safe sex and in time your body will do its thing. A normal cycle is considered 28-35 days long.  You're most likely not pregnant. Often stress causes you to miss a few periods and being stressed about missing is probably contributing to it too. I have a friend who skips a few around the same time every year and her doctor told her it was due to stress from the nutcracker which her company puts on every year at Christmas time. The same thing is probably what's happening to you. Although not related to ballet, it's from being stressed.  There is always a possibility of pregnancy when sexual encounters occur, that all depends on if you used protection, took safe sex steps and taking a pregnancy test could also help finalize your answer.  This could be a sign caused by some major birth control options ie) the pill, depo shots, implants. nothing to worry about, usually it starts back up on the fourth day. It can also be "spotting" the usual cycle that happens before your actual period. If its your usual time of the month and youre NOT on birth control, see your doctor, other possibilities could be infection, uteran problems etc.  I have had mine delayed that long if you have had a lot of stress in the past bit. I also at one point took about 3 test before mine came up positive. But I was told by my Obgyn that sometimes stress can cause lateness and can sometimes cause a pregnancy test to come back negative instead of positive.  What age are u? And have you ever had missed or delayed periods previously?  Hi, This could be to a number of reasons. Stress and a change in diet can cause late periods. Other factors are age could this be the start of the menopause? I would try not to worry to much as your thyroid and hormone levels are at the norm base line. If you are still worried perhaps ask to see a gynaecologist to put your mind at ease.  Yes, it is possible. I would try a test again. I have had false negative results from using cheaper pregnancy tests. I recommend First Response or Clear Blue and Easy. It could just be a late period too.  im about 35 pounds overweight my self 40 yr old male loved to eat and had a few problems with my health... so i turned evil and went on a 10 day lemonwater cleansing . lost 14 pounds and i feel better.my outlook on everything has changed in 10 painful and long days. so i say to you give it a try. you dont have to go 10 days , just start out for 3 days and see how you feel ! the more days you do it, is the more toxins leaving your body..  YES!!!! I had negative blood and urine test, but I felt pregnant, this was my third pregnancy so I knew a thing or two. I did not have a missed period but I just knew. When Friday came I was three days my period I said ok if this is negative then Im not and my mind is playing tricks on me. Everything was negative both blood and urine. Fine went out bought a box of pads my period would be here Monday and I was over it. Monday came and no period bought a pregnancy test just to make sure and there were those double lines. Called my Dr. she ordered blood work my HCG Levels were crazy high and she had no words. So a woman knows hopfully this helped.    Yes, but could be irregular, so dont immexiately panic. Each person isnt the same so you may have gotten yours and there have been no problems.  i stoped the dep shot as well on 9/13 and havnt stopped my period going on5 weeks is this what happen to you?  Hi Meant to have come back yesterday after doing research on an other post. In your clotted blood did you notice what would look like tissue amongst it? if its yes then it was a miscarriage. Did your doctor ask this question? Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi Having unprotected sex 2 to 3 days before day 14 yes you could end up being pregnant, but for some women having unprotected sex anytime of the month means pregnancy, just one of those things. All you can do is wait to see if you miss your period then get a test done either an HPT or see your doctor. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If this helps seems, 3 to 6 months to get pregnant, but as you seem to be having a problem with your periods, best you see you doctor or gyno. Perhaps they can come up with some help to get you regulated, could be your hormones are out of whack. Good Luck  Hi First could be the diet your on, and being extra active. You could be just skipping a period, this happens. But if you still worried, go see your doctor, and get a test done there. But think back have you been having unprotected sex within your last cycle? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well its either a skipped period or your pregnant, if its the later then you will need to wait till what would be the date of your next period and do a pregnancy test then. If not see your doctor for a test. Good Luck  Hi You need to get on BC this will regulate your periods, should also then cut down some of these side effects your getting. Make life a lot easier for you. As for the anxiety try this Google natural ways out of anxiety, you should find something to help all without drugs. Hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of the menopause coming on, go get a blood test done, this is for your hormones, from this your doctor will be able to tell you if your in it. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Your OK its quite possible for a women to miss the odd period without being pregnant. How did you think pregnant if you never had sex? Look if your still worried get to your doctor/gyno to get checked out. Just google missed period, your find more info. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your find that this is one of the side effects of this drug, so its either live with it and have worries, or get back to your doctor and ask for a drug change. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Ok its possible to get a missed period, with out worrying, it happens. The yeast infection and the antibiotics your have been on, there could be a link to the missed period, this would depend on your medical history. Next time your on antibiotics try taken yogurt each day your on the, should stop the yeast infections, if you do get a yeast infection try warm sea salt baths and just let the water get inside your vagina, for more info just google sea salt and yeast infection. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you read up about the side effects and bleeding what you read and what happening now should just be a side effect of the pill you took. If you miss your next period date its either because of the pill or you could be pregnant, for the second one just get a test done, if negative. Then that would be the time that you should think of BC either the pill, the implant, the ring, the cap or IUD as protection against getting pregnant. Just think safe sex, any form of unprotected sex could end up with you being pregnant. Good Luck  Hi IT seems from want your, that you are not alone, there are more with the same symptoms as you. The best advice I could find was go see a lawyer dealing in your cases, so follow this link. The link, http://www.farahandfarah.com/rc-mesh-herniarepairmesh.html Just see how you go with them. Good Luck  Hi The idea of being on BC is to stop you getting pregnant, and the thought of using a condom would be to stop STIs or STDs. But they say the first day of your first missed period is the best time. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As you say its bright red blood, then its off to the doctor/gyno, if not get to an ER ASAP. Its very important you do this when you see bright red blood it means its fresh blood. Good Luck  Hi OK then its time to do a HPT, or go to your doctor a do a test with him/her, and see how things go. Or it could be just a skipped period from as you say stress. But OK its time you started some kind of BC just to be on the safe side for your future sex life, the last thing you need at 16 is to get pregnant, if not always carry condoms, best to be safe that sorry. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  HiYes it would be best to see your doctor or gyno ASAP Good Luck  Hi Yes you have a very simple yeast infection, you can try lots of thing to clear it, but sea salt baths may help to start with, just put a couple of handfuls of sea salt in a warm bath, let this water get inside your vagina, do this twice a day for a week, all should be well by then. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Thought of having e test done yet? it would help you get over the problem of worrying, either an HPT or best at your doctors. So sexually active! never thought of getting on something in the way of BC or thinking never me. There's the pill, the implant the ring, the cap or IUD, but not depo shot just to many side effects, but all there to help stop this, unless your trying to get pregnant that is? Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your either to fat or to thin, both of these will stop your periods, or it could be early menopause, your best bet for a good answer would go see your doctor or gyno, and let them do some tests, then you will know for sure were you stand health wise. Good Luck  Hi found you this nice piece of info from Dr Dhide. The simple answer to that is yes, many antibiotics do affect menstrual periods. The mechanism of how that happens is mainly related to reducing the available estrogen hormone which can lead to a change in the cycle and make it irregular. Details As you are aware in the first fourteen days of a 28 day menstrual cycle, the follicle starts growing and the initial hormone production is mainly estrogen. This starts making the lining of the endometrium thicker. After ovulation estrogen is joined by progesterone from the corpus luteum making the endometrium denser and mature. Estrogen is not only metabolized by the liver but also re-circulated between the gut and the liver (entero-hepatic circulation). Antibiotics can affect estrogen metabolism in two ways. Most antibiotics are metabolized in the liver and their presence can affect the rate of metabolism of estrogen (and progesterone). This can change the supply of estrogen available in the blood and that can cause irregularity of the cycle. Some antibiotics cause diarrhea like symptoms as they change the gut flora. This causes excessive excretion of estrogen through the gut as there is less time for re-absorption of estrogen (thus affecting the entero-hepatic circulation). This too reduces levels of estrogen in the blood.. Thus by changing the levels of estrogen in the blood the cycle will get disturbed because the pituitary gland secretes it's hormones depending on the level of estrogen in the blood. It is now getting the wrong information and wont act as expected. Ovulation is dependent on the pituitary gland identifying that there is enough estrogen in the blood and all these delicate balances are scuppered on antibiotic treatment. This way, many antibiotics can cause irregular menstrual cycle. The other point to note is you take antibiotics when you are not well. But process itself can alter your bodys metabolic behavior and ability to maintain a steady level of the hormone. One very practical point to note are antibiotics can affect the level of estrogen (and progestin) of the oral contraceptive pills. This in turn can cause the OC pill to fail when antibiotics are used in the same time period. Antiobiotics like Rifampicin, Ampicillin and some Cephalosporins are particularly notorious for this. Now being on antibiotics for 23 day solid is not good for you, its just in case you need to be on antibiotics for something more serious, they wont work. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS Look if your going to play around with sex, and not to happy to get pregnant, now would be the time to think about BC, there's the BC PIll, the ring, the implant, IUD or the cap or diaphragm, but don't think about depo shot just to many side effects.  Hi Read this its from WebMD, here on site, it should answer all your questions and help relax your problems. http://www.webmd.com/sex/birth-control/birth-control-depo-provera Look google natural ways out of depression you should find some help. Do hope you find what you looking for. Good Luck  Hi First it would be best if you google this, off depo shot pregnancy there's lots to read, but after 10 years, could be up to anything from 1 years to 5 years, read and you will see, depo may be good, but when you come off it, boy the bad things now kick in. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you were late, did you get a test done, pregnancy that is? Bright red blood means its fresh blood, then get to your doctor ASAP or your gyno if you have one. Good Luck  Hi, Well you either change your doctor, or you could try the ER, sounds like you need some tests done, ASAP Good Luck  Hi OK First if your that worried and don't want to be pregnant, suggest you get a plan B pills, then get off to your doctor/gyno, BC should regulate your periods into a regular pattern, as you have come out of that you should go back to your doctor/gyno for some help to find out the reason. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK your find that most women get a discharge at some time, if its a clear discharge, then your OK. The best time to do a pregnancy test is the first day of a missed period or any day after that. Sorry for your problems. Good Luck  Hi The Big NO is the answer, unless your b/f has some kind of magic sperm. But your OK Good Luck PS Ever heard of condoms, look never play around, our male sperm is quite good when it gets the chance, so be wise either get your self some BC protection or a good supply of condoms.  HI Try this, just go to your doctors or mothers clinic and get tested there, perhaps your doctor could have a look at you at the same time, get checked out. Good Luck  Hi If its red blood this means its fresh, then yes ASAP, but if not just give it a couple more days, see if starts to trickle off, if not go see your doctor. Good Luck  Hi Bailee, This is something for your doctor, it could be under weight, over weight, could be stress, but stress at your age, I don't think so. But you should have been at your doctor about 18 months ago, its something that should have not been taken so lightly at your age. So, doctor ASAP. Good Luck  Hi I would say its pretty high, you will have to weight till this first day of your next period if it miss's to do a test, and take it from there. Do we take it that the sex was unprotected? Good Luck  Hi It seems your one of the odd ones for getting pregnant after removal, from what there is to read. But there are things like are you over weight, do you eat healthy, do you get out and exercise, and timing, its no good your husband banging away each day, if he keeps doing that, he will be on a low sperm count. So if you start tracking your cycle, and find your ovulation days, and work it from there to when you have sex. Google mirena removal and pregnancy, your find some help, there's a medhelp page with lots of posts from women who have had it removed, you may find something. Do hope this helps Good Luck  Hi, Ok for a start google depo shot side effects, a lot of what your saying is there, as for coming off it that would be your call. But you need to sit on your computer and find something that's a near match. have you thought of Nuvaring, that may help, there's IUD that's if you have had a baby, but cant remember if would help with your problem with the periods. Do hope some of this helps. Good Luck  Hi I taker it you mean PCOS, here's a link its from the UK's NHS its quite informative are your see covers all from what it is to treatment.. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Polycystic-ovarian-syndrome/Pages/Symptoms.aspx Just copy into google to open and read, just to the www. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The amount of sperm in pre-cum should be zero, unless he masturbated before seeing you and having sex, and did not urinate, then there is the outside chance of getting pregnant. But if this was within the last 72 hours, try Plan B should work for you. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If its really heavy and bright red, that means its fresh blood, see your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi Working on your dates, and ovulation day would have been around the 8th of July, which was 12 days before you had sex, and your egg would have only have been there for 2 days, so don't think some how your pregnant, but you could always do either an HPT or do a test at your doctors. But with your late period it could be your having a skipped period, could be from sudden weight lose, could be from stress from having unprotected sex and worrying if you will get pregnant, and from any meds you taken. Any help. Good Luck  Hi, OK it can be possible for you to get pregnant from anytime of the month if your one of those women, others it has to be the right day time and so on, its toss a coin time. Did you not think of plan B, so simple take a pill, trouble gone. You will need to wait to see if your next period comes, if not then the time to do a test. Good Luck  Hi, OK dark brown/red discharge means its old blood, but cant see how its been going on for 3 weeks, being rough during sex, sounds more like its dry, so yes could be the start of the menopause. The only way to find out would be your doctors, get a blood test done for her hormones, from this your doctor would be able to tell if its that. But if you still going to have sex, try some lubrication there's plenty she can use, but the best is almond oil, coconut oil (extra virgin), if she get no reaction baby oil or even olive oil. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi If you think its the change, or the menopause? Yes sorry but the only way would be a blood test for your hormones, that would tell all. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have you ever seen your doctor over this problem of yours, it could be immune thrombocytopenia (ITP), or a type of, your doctor or your gyno would be the best place to start. Good Luck  Hi Scared, so you were 21 days through your cycle, what's called the safe side, unprotected sex before day 14 is not good, so please remember that bit and also remember it takes male sperm 3 days to reach the womb. But please stop taken these worrying ways of trying not to get pregnant without any BC, time to make a change in your sex life, sex can be fun, but do it safely. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi , So in reverse order. The dicharge and itching sounds like you have BV (bacterial vaginosis) for this its either off to the doctor for a test and meds, or you could try sea salt, its just a couple of handfuls in a warm bath twice daily for a week should help the problem, or there's Boric acid or Garlic, so for more info just google. Sea salt and bv, boric acid and bv and garlic and bv. So your late period, not getting proper sleep and backed up with stress, I would say are the problems, you must sort out your life, if not it will do only more damage to your body. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So the first question would be can you fill the cord? do you think it may have fallen out then? Have read that this can happen, Best you see your doctor if your still concerned. Good Luck  Hi, This piece on orangs blood was from the UK's NHS. Orange Blood : Bright red menstrual blood that mixes with fluids from the cervix can appear orange with red streaks. Bright orange blood may be associated with infection, so if you suspect this, it is best to consult a doctor. The NHS is the UK's medical service, so perhaps you do need to be retested? Good Luck  Hi Just give it a couple more days to see if your period kicks in, if not then get a test done, either HPT or at your doctors. One thing it could be just a skipped period as well. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your 3 days late it would be the right time to do an HPT, or get a pregnancy test done at your doctors. Intercourse or outercourse, if it involves male sperm or the chance of with no protection then there is always the chance of getting pregnant, its like playing with fire, its dangerous, and playing dangerous games, like you, you could end up being pregnant. This is why there is BC either the pill, condoms, the cap and some other forms of BC. Sorry for you. Good Luck  Hi Could be just a missed period, it happens sometimes, could be from stress, overworking, exercising, either over or underweight or are you on any meds that has a side effect of upsetting a period? Is something here you. Good Luck  Hi, First you should have sorted this out 6 years ago, so you don't want to see your doctor, then find a gyno, get in and get your self sorted out. Good Luck  Hi Is there anyway you could explain what you really want to know? or do you mean your having irregular periods? And how old are you?  Hi First it could be just a missed period from taken the pills, could be from stress of worrying about being pregnant. But if your really scared, Scared, time to get a test done at your doctors would be best. And take life from there, and if your not pregnant its BC time. Good Luck  Hi, your first stop, google depo shot side effects, you should find your answer there, once you do you may decide its your last shot. Good Luck  Hi So did you get your period yet? if no then now is the time to do a test, if yes then the odds are your not pregnant, but it is possible to have a sort period and still be pregnant, but you would still need to do that test either and HPT or better still at your doctors, if its negative then see him/her about your spotting problem. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi suggest you get her to a doctor, get some blood tests done, to check her hormones, she could be getting into her menopause, the heavy thick bleeding. putting on some weight, the jumping down your throat, is her hormones going out of whack, another sign. So get her in get her checked, may need some hormone replacement. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Bright red menstrual blood that mixes with fluids from the cervix can appear orange with red streaks. Bright orange blood may be associated with infection, so if you suspect this, and as this was after your main period, it is best to consult a doctor. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, O'Boy who's worried the most, she's on BC and had a short period, well that's sometimes happens, as along with weight gain, now the best time to test would be if she miss's her next period. But if she thinks its best to have a test then just let her do it. Good Luck  Hi Could be that the sex was so good its shocked your system, so you will be a bit behind or completely just miss this one. And it may just have upset your hormones, another reason for not having a period. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi No pads would be best for that long, but you should really go see your doctor, this is one of the not nice the side effects of depo shot. Please go see your doctor or gyno ASAP Good Luck  Hi 3 days before your period is not the time to get pregnant, now having sex around day 12 now then you would have to worry, so think back did you have unprotected sex then, by the way day 12 would be 12 days from the beginning of your last period.OK But your on the BC pill yes? Did you know that the BC pill is only 99% protective, so do you think your in the 1%? It could be that your just having a skipped period, it happens, but if you doubt this get to your doctor a have a pregnancy test done, nothing like being spot on. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Well the first thing would be to chuck away these pads, as your not started your period, why are you using them? So try this, warm water sea salt wash's or baths, perhaps the bath would be best, do these at lease twice a day you use in the bath a couple of handfuls of sea salt, just soak in them, let the water get inside you vagina. Then wear just cotton knickers lose if you have them, and when you get the chance go without them. Just in case your not shaven, shave off your pubic hairs, yeast love a warm moist damp area like pubic hairs to live in. For more info google sea salt and the vagina and sea salt and yeast infection's. Do hope this helps you Good Luck PS switch to tampons less trouble, my wife always used them, has been shaven since 1970, the year we got married, and never had a yeast infection.  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I would go see your doctor about this problem, but going on the BC pill could be a real help for you as this would help control your periods a lot better. But see you doctor ASAP Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi To this the book goes two ways one says no, the other says some women can get pregnant from having unprotected sex any time of the month even if just before a period. Sorry you will need to wait, see if you get your next period, if you miss it then would be the time for a test. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi To this the book goes two ways one says no, the other says some women can get pregnant from having unprotected sex any time of the month even if just before a period. Sorry you will need to wait, see if you get your next period, if you miss it then would be the time for a test. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi No its not normal you should see either your doctor or gyno, blood tests would help, to see if your hormones could be out of whack, or you could also be pregnant, periods can happen why your pregnant. But see how your tests go. And if your not pregnant could be a good time to get on BC as the pill could straighten out your periods, and get you back on track. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You will need to wait till you get your full periods back before you start trying for a baby, I think your find also that you need to have had at least 2 period's, before you start trying. If it was a mirena don't forget it has the hormone levenorgestrel in it, and would need for you body to readjust back to normal, so you have that to take into consideration. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Then it's time to go see your doctor, let him sort you out or pass you on to a gyno, best advice. Good Luck  Hi Yes you should be concerned, first you have not had a period for 5 months, you don't use birth control? but your sexually active. I think its about time you took a trip to your doctor and get yourself tested and let him/her sort out your problem if your not pregnant. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If the first date was 7/31, and you had unprotected sex around the 8/11 or 8/12, then you could be pregnant, you will have to wait to see if you miss your next period, if you do then would be the time to get a test done either an HPT or at your doctors. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Being underweight and low body fat will stop your periods, they will restart when your weight get back to what it thinks is you ideal weight. OK Good Luck  Hi, Could be its a hormone thing, from your BC, see your doctor get a blood test done for your hormones, from this he may change you BC pills over, so they adjust your hormones. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Trapped wind will make you feel bloated. Look as it broke on you ovulation day you would have been OK, first, your egg will only live two days at best, and second, any sperm getting through would have taken 3 days to reach your womb and the now dead egg. So are you pregnant? Good Luck  Hi Just a couple of question's, since when and your age will help? Just come back through answer this.  Hi, Seems your on a good thing why question it, just be happy your now cold free, its you immune system, its working for you, after so many years of having colds, your body has now got all the antibody's. Well done. Good Luck  Hi For a start have you read up about carpal tunnel, what it is? and how you would get carpal tunnel syndrome? but doing 9 hours of serious scrubbing, would be a good way to get the syndrome, its under the end of your life line, wrist end. So if you was scrubbing that long and putting pressure on your carpal tunnel, this would inflame the tunnel, hence you now have carpal tunnel syndrome, I would not think its the time you was employed, but the job you was given with poor working tools, the way you would hold a scrubbing brush the edge would be along your life line, not a good position for 9 straight hours of work. But then I'm from the UK? Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Seems your on a good thing why question it, just be happy your now cold free, its you immune system, its working for you, after so many years of having colds, your body has now got all the antibody's. Well done. Good Luck  Hi If you think its a miscarriage and you are very worried, just get to an ER, and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi Being overweight can lead to period problems, I think if you read up about it, as you lose weight your periods well come back to normal. Now that seems to me like a very good reason to get on that diet you have always wanted to do, also some exercise would do you the world of good, even just getting out walking, but a good brisk walk doing around a couple of miles a day will help you to lose weight. So now's your chance to kick back. Good Luck  Hi JB, The unfortunate thing is the menopause can come that early, and for the odd girl there born that way. You best bet would be do a test at your doctors, see what that throws up. One more thing it could be a phantom pregnancy, these act just the same and women do get a lump, and it has nothing in it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just put the worry beads away at 15 your body is about to get itself together, so its just your hormones getting there self's together, and when ready they will spring into action, then its periods every month to you get to the menopause. So just enjoy these couple of months break, and please have a nice life. Good Luck  Hi You could be early menopausal, and the only real way to find out would be to have a blood test done to check your hormones, this is a good way of finding out. But some women do miss/skip the odd period with no trouble but missing two? Do hope this will help you. Good Luck  Hi Could be just a missed period, women do get these from time to time, could be that your stressed, that will do the same, could your under weight, or overweight, perhaps you have been overdoing exercising this will do it as well. But if you think its an STD or STI, just go to an STD/GUM /Clinic and get tested, this would find out for you, and the staff are helpful. Do hope something here helps. Good Luck   Hi JB, The unfortunate thing is the menopause can come that early, and for the odd girl there born that way. You best bet would be do a test at your doctors, see what that throws up. One more thing it could be a phantom pregnancy, these act just the same and women do get a lump, and it has nothing in it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I would give it a couple of months let your body get back in the grove, before you start for a baby, this will also let the drugs get out of you system, get fit, get healthy, in body and mind. Look don't expect miracles straight, sometimes after BC women do get pregnant straight away, others 3 to 4 months, and others a lot longer. Do hope this helps, well away you go then, times awaiting. Good Luck  Hi So have you been having unprotected sex then? not on any kind of BC pill then? if you don't want to get pregnant then you should be worried. So its a bit early I would wait till its around the first day of your next period, if you do miss it then, you get a test done, either an HPT or do one at your doctors Of course by then you may not have any finger nails, all part of the waiting game. Good Luck  Hi As your on your period, and this should last around 7 days? Yes and it would be around 7 days more until ovulation day? Yes now add in to this that any male sperm that made its way into your womb 3 days? Yes, then would only live for at the best 7 days? yes now by doing some adding and subtractions, what do you think then, could save you 50$. And yes please get on some kind of BC Pill, IUD or the Cap, but please keep away from depo shot, its the side effects. And please remember playing with male sperm is a dangerous game, if your not protected. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It may be just your body getting back into the old habit of cycles, I think you would be best to wait till you get them working on a regular basis, before you get pregnant. But then who knows. you may just be pregnant, the way some of you women work could be? Good Luck  Hi Your find that your fertile days would only be 2 not 5, so if you had unprotected sex over the 3 days you say and you have to allow, you then have to add in to your equation 3 days for male sperm to reach your womb, your find its to late as your egg would only last 2 days max. So for me your not pregnant, if you are trying to get pregnant? try having unprotected sex 5 days before your ovulation days, reason, male sperm can live for 7 to 10 days in the womb. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Do as you saying every other day, then slowly expand the time between and see how your doing, if you sleeping just as good, in around 3 months you should be drug free and sleeping like a baby. If you can do that you should not need anything else, at the end of the day, your the only drug you need to quit the one your hooked on. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK from info around, "periods" one says just live with it these odd periods and they should just stop, so your life just becomes normal again, time span, not short, and the other choice is get it removed. But gynos think its the best choice to have for BC. End of the day its your call. Good Luck  Hi, So have you seen a gyno yet, and take a sample of your urine with you from when you having your period, also best if you can arrange an appointment for the same time, if need be do a sample then. Its about the best advice. Good Luck  Hi, As its gone on this long you should see either your doctor or gyno ASAP Its for your own good. Good Luck  Hi It can be a big problem, yeast infections will do that so here is some sites than can help its all natural, so no more drugs, your find these do work. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html http://www.naturecures.co.uk/fungi.htm http://www.midwiferytoday.com/articles/garlic.asp Just copy each one in to google one at a time to open and read each one, just do it from the www. or google garlic and yeast infection, same with sea salt and boric acid for more info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Its time for you to get and see a Gyno, get some tests done, that would be a very good starting place for you and your problem. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi It only takes one sperm to get through, if its the right time of the month. So the bleeding could have been implantation bleeding. So as you have missed your period, then its time to get tested either an HPT or just go see your doctor and have a test done there, you can then decide what you want to do either carry on or abort, I would have a long talk with Mother and your b/f what could be done over the coming problem, if you are pregnant. One last thing it could be just a skipped period, this could be from the stress your putting on yourself. Hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi having a period and still be pregnant, yes you could be, or it could be just a missed period, it does happen. But wait till you should have you next period, if you miss then do a test, Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sperm and hot water are not a good mix, I would say your pretty safe. IF you are as you say, still a virgin and it looks like your beginning to play around, having naked showers, from there to sex is not a big jump away? Yes. So don't you think its about time you got on some kind of BC, best to be safe than sorry, warning keep away from depo shot, just googel depo shot side effects, your see why. But there's always condoms as a stand by, or a Dutch cap, but the pill could be best. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your best bet would be your doctor, explain to him/her all you have put here, see what his/her tests come back with. best way. Good Luck  Hi As he did not fully ejaculate? even though there may have been some sperm in his pre-cum? are you shore its not down to wishful thinking this can play havoc on the body, these are just t6houghts. So your period date has come and gone, then now is the time to get tested, either an HPT or at your doctors, doing this takes all the guessing out of the equation. So go get tested. Good Luck  Hi Get to a gyno and let him/her sort out your problem, but you should have been there about 5 years ago. But better late tan never. Good Luck  Hi Then you cant be pregnant, your unprotected sex was on the safe side of day 14. So your last period would have been around the 2nd of September? yes so your day 14 would have been the 16th of September, which would have been your ovulation day, give or take a day. So now you can see that your unprotected sex was on the safe side, this means that you wasted 3 HPT's you only use these if you miss a period. OK Good Luck  Hi Well your past the time the experts say you should not be on the BC pill during conception, so just stay on them till you get tested, which I hope your planning to do ,, as your now nearly 3 weeks late. Who knows it could be just a skipped period? But until you have your test I would stay on your BC pills, just in case your not, because if your still having unprotected sex you could soon be. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK if your white discharge has with it, a fishy smell, the its BV bacterial vaginosis, there are two ways you can treat this, one is antibiotics from your doctor, or warm sea salt baths, more info on this if you google bv and sea salt. that's if you against putting to many antibiotics in your body. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The best suggestion would just forget depo shot, most women who get this just come off it and find another BC, this problem you have now wont go away. Just google depo shot side effects, that's should put the frights up you. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you have missed your period, have you thought of doing a HPT or going to your doctor and doing a pregnancy test there. Or it could be just a missed period. But if you don't feel happy either way then you should get to your doctor or gyno for a check up. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Skipping the week may just have affected your hormones, it should come back perhaps next month, its either wait or go to your doctor, then get told off my him/her for playing around. Any real reason for doing it? Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi I think this should shed some answers on your problem. The hormones created by the body during pregnancy can cause nausea and vomiting in and of themselves. The abortion causes the body to stop making these hormones very rapidly, and this throws the body out of rhythm hormonally. This sudden cessation of pregnancy hormones can cause nausea with or without vomiting and may last a few days. If vomiting becomes severe or persists, dehydration may result. Dehydration can lead to serious health complications, including death, so medical treatment becomes necessary for excessive vomiting. This was from www.livestrong.com So from this sounds like you need a blood test for your hormones, there have got out of whack, start with your doctor and work out from there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The best suggestion would just forget depo shot, most women who get this just come off it and find another BC, this problem you have now wont go away. Just google depo shot side effects, that's should put the frights up you. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you have missed your period, have you thought of doing a HPT or going to your doctor and doing a pregnancy test there. Or it could be just a missed period. But if you don't feel happy either way then you should get to your doctor or gyno for a check up. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Yes its possible to be pregnant and have short 3 day periods? but to back this up you really need to see your doctor and get a pregnancy test done there, this would make sure either way. One last thing if this how your going, then these periods will last all through your pregnancy, its just one of these little odd things, that do happen in life. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Not much she can do unless it becomes a regular thing, if it happens 3 times on the trot then she needs to see either her doctor or gyno. But at the moment it would be put down as just an odd period, these can happen just the same way as a skipped period can happen, Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, With luck you should be on the right side of not getting pregnant, but some would say there's never a right side, as there is always that chance, so if this was within the 72 hour window, then yes do take Plan B to be on the safe side. But for your own good, you should get on some form of BC, either the pill, IUD, the implant, the cap or the ring, there's lots of options. Just remember safe sex is best. Good Luck  Hi, I take it these irregular periods are in length? if so I think your find that your ovulation day would still be the same, in that case you need to be having unprotected sex on about day 10, day one being the first day of your period, this way your husbands sperm will be in place and waiting for you egg in takes male sperm around 3 days to get to your womb and your egg should come out around day 14, what happens after that is implantation day and after that it would not matter how long your period was or short. With this missed periods this could be a kick back from BC just how long was you on it? it can take up to a year to get back into a regular pattern, you find its not rely a good idea till this happens,to start trying for a child. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Found you this info on betterhealth. vic. gov, I think this may ring some bells for you. The symptoms of ovulation pain can include: Pain in the lower abdomen, just inside the hip bone. The pain typically occurs about two weeks before the menstrual period is due. The pain is felt on the right or left side, depending on which ovary is releasing an egg. The pain may switch from one side to the other from one cycle to the next, or remain on one side for a few cycles. The pain sensation varies between individuals - for example, it could feel like uncomfortable pressure, twinges, sharp pains or cramps. The duration of pain ranges anywhere from minutes to 48 hours. Now seeing as yours is a 30 day cycle, what happened on the 23/4 could have been ovulation. And what happened on the 27th could have been implantation day when the egg settles into the womb, this gives light bleeding or spotting. So come the time of your next period, if it dose not come, then its time to do a test either an HPT or at your doctors Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Why not just get a home test, see how it goes, yes or no, job done. Saves all the waiting. Good Luck  Hi, Google bv and sea salt, you will be amazed at the answers you will find, and not a drug insite. Good Luck  Hi This piece of info which should help you answer your problem A woman's period blood colours and textures may vary during various stages of life and during times when certain conditions may interfere with the normal cycle. Here is a discussion of normal and abnormal conditions, which may affect the characteristics of one's periods. Slippery, jelly-like: Slippery blood that is jelly-like may be blood that is mixed with mucus from the cervix. Cervical mucus is normally present in your vagina, and when mixed with menstrual flow that is light, it may give a slippery gel-like texture. This can also occur with bowel movements when cervical mucus flows from the vagina. Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi, As your only just pregnant, light cramping is not an uncommon thing in some women. Good Luck  Hi For now the best thing you can do for now is just wait, to when your next period should happen, then if it does not you either get a test done at your doctors to see if you are pregnant, or you just go for the abortion pill depending on what you think you need to do, its at this point you will have to decide on what you want to do? Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Do you mean a boil? is this inside or on your lips labia, major or minor, if you shave and its on one of your lips, it could be an ingrowing hair from shaving, if so give it a squeeze see in any puss come out, if you can see it, and if you can see a small black line inside that's the hair, with a clean needle pick it out and just pluck it away, should be gone in 24 hours. If right do hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Your find that most will say ovulation day is around day14, give or take a day, so yes by that you could get pregnant, and this allows 3 days for the sperm to reach the womb, that's how long its takes sperm to get there, and it can live for up to 10 days max. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi , Orange Blood : Bright red menstrual blood that mixes with fluids from the cervix can appear orange with red streaks. Bright orange blood may be associated with infection, so if you suspect this, it is best to consult a doctor. So as you say, your seeing your doctor in 11 days time, well i9f I was you I would get in there ASAP, tell him/her you need to be seen ASAP. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Could be your just skipping a period, or to be on the safe side have you seen your doctor, get a test done there if the last one was an HPT. Hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi, If she still taken her placebo pills give it to the end of the week, if she has no period she should see her doctor, if its a doctor who wont see her for two weeks just carry on with her BC pills as norm, till she sees her doctor. Good Luck  Hi Do your test tomorrow, then come back through your question with the answer, Then you will have a clearer picture. Good Luck  Hi Then it could just be a skipped period, or stress. But as I cant see you, you could be overweight, or even underweight, have you been doing strenuous exercise. These are the most likely ones off the top of my head. But if your really worried go see your doctor. Does this help. Good Luck  Hi Alexsis, To clear your mind, go see your doctor, that's what there for. Good Luck  Hi, Are you diabetic by any chance, if not you should get some tests done, or you could be coming into your menopause. But these answers are base on no information. Good Luck  Hi, OK what you doing by going to your doctor is the right thing to do, unless you can get in to see your gyno quicker. Its a bit hard to diagnose over a web page, its something that needs looking into and at, these we cant do here. Good Luck  Hi I think your in the transition period by what your saying, a blood test of your hormones we tell the whole story. But have a read of this WebMD link it may help decide how things for you are going. The link http://www.webmd.com/menopause/guide/guide-perimenopause Do hope you find the answer you want and had some help. Good Luck  Hi, For a start Plan B could throw you out of your cycle, and when your period restarts, after this hiccup with sperm. You should remember sperm dose explode, into baby's, BC is a good move for you, it will take the stress away, from playing games with boys/men. Did you read up about your BC pills should you have started then mid cycle?, most tend to start on the first day of your next period and go from there. But unless sperm was massaged into your vagina, cant see you being pregnant. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Would you say this was say more like spotting? Look the only real thing you can do is wait to see if your next period comes, if it dose not, time to get tested, either an HPT or go see your doctor. Till then that's about it Hope this helps you. Good Luck  HI As its bright red, this means fresh blood, not good, go see your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi Well as things seem to have gone as they should, why not just wait the 3 days and see what happens? Good Luck  Hi Sorry if you cant see your doctor, then the ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi, What your about to read, did you do this? The effectiveness of most birth control pills is strongly affected by how consistently they are taken. The effectiveness or side effects of birth control pills can be altered by taking them late or by not taking them at the same time each day. Therefore, to get the highest effectiveness from birth control pills, take them at the same time every day. If you miss one of more pills, refer to the manufacturer package insert that came with your pills. In general, for most pills, the following should be followed: If you have a 28-day pack and you missed any of the last 7 pills in the pack - don't worry about it (except Mircette, where the last 7 pills do matter). In a 28-day pack, the last 7 pills are placebo or "sugar" pills. These have no active ingredients; the pills are just there to help you know when to start your new pack. But make sure you start your new pack on time. If you miss taking one or more pills (except the last 7 pills in the 28-day pack), you may not be protected from pregnancy. - See more at: http://www.plannedparenthood.org/planned-parenthood-maryland/client-resources/faqs-birth-control-users#sthash.EJO0B3Gz.dpuf. Yes as you can see it was a gathered piece of information, I found this a piece of help. So at anytime did you miss a pill or two, was your timing out, are you now back taking your pills, you missing your period could be from just the extra hormones in your body, they can do things like missing a period, but you should have just kept to the pattern of taken your BC pills. But as long as you used condoms for the first 7 days, and with not getting your period in the placebo week you should have been using condoms, with not having a period, with luck you may not be pregnant. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS, If like most of us and you have a mobile phone, set the alarm on it for the time you want to take you BC pill, its a winner.  Hi, Well masturbating will not hurt you done right, but not having a period for 3 months, the best place would with your doctor and get yourself sorted out with him/her. A tip, go have a look on www.dodsonandross.com on there you will find all the information you will ever need on masturbating and how to orgasm, Dr Betty Dodson is a guru on masturbating and how to orgasm, in fact she runs open class's for women one how to do both. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, 1 just us pads, 2 get off depo shot, 3 go see your doctor ASAP, a 3 month period is not good for you. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you was in England I would say go see your midwife, son it would something similar or your obstetrician, perhaps a scan will help you, as you feel no more kicking. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Its just a day, please give it a week then get a pregnancy test, and do the test. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi If I'm right that's if you have 28 day periods, that your 6 days late give or take a couple of days, if that is the case then go get a pregnancy test done, either an HPT or better still go see you doctor. If you have been have unprotected sex then this will happen, and also why BC was invented. Do hope things pan out the way you want. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi If your sex life had died, sorry, but first sperm just get absorbed into your body if not ejaculated. But the odd weekly masturbation would help keep your sperm moving along, if you have not had sex for sometime, at first it will be a bit thick, and may look like frogs spawn in texture, so for the first week you may need to do it daily just clear out your system, then just once a week to keep it ticking over, like a well oil machine. You never know some day you just might need it to work for you, doing this it will. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Got this piece of info that may help you decide, its from the NHS on PCOS. Irregular periods or no periods at all difficulty getting pregnant (because of irregular ovulation or failure to ovulate) But your find that there could always be that chance of you getting pregnant. So end of the day it would be your choice, which way you want to go. But then you are on BC, or what some call birth control, so if your on that, why you asking this question? Good Luck  Hi, So just why are you on BC? its not so you don't get pregnant? yes, so why the condom and why are you here, its like you need some extra, extra protection. The chances of getting pregnant why on BC is like 1.5 % or lower. Just enjoy your sex life and try to worry just a little less, your on BC, if need be just use some spermicide, it would be far better. Good Luck  Hi, 2 weeks, 4 weeks, 6 weeks, 8 weeks, these do seem to be the norm, when it starts getting over this you should see your doctor, but can be up to 6 months, but that's just the odd woman here and there. Hope this helps you. Good Luck PS Unless you haver been having unprotected sex and pregnant, yes it can happen some women can get pregnant straight after having a baby, so you could try testing?  Hi If you have a gyno, get there ASAP, you do have a problem, the having no period should have told your doctor something. But please see a gyno then. Good Luck  Hi Its very hard to put a finger on your problem, its best you get examined by your doctor or your gyno for the best help and advice. But smoking can have some real bad side effects on people, it might not be such a bad idea to kick the habit, your feel a lot better even if your only doing every so often. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The first year may be stop and start, they then settle down into your regular cycle, you could go off and see your doctor see what he /her says, you may be put on the BC pill to regulate your periods. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, See Above answer.  Hi, In the first year after the implant is fitted, your periods may become irregular, lighter, heavier or longer. This usually settles down after the first year. A common side effect of the implant is that your periods stop (amenorrhoea). It's not harmful, and it seems to trigger some bleeding that is dark brown . Your periods may change significantly while using a contraceptive implant. Around 20% of women using the implant will have no bleeding, and almost 50% will have infrequent or prolonged bleeding. Bleeding patterns are likely to remain irregular, although they may settle down after the first year. Although these changes are not harmful, they may not be acceptable for some women. Your GP may be able to help by providing additional medication if you have prolonged bleeding. But If you think hour still having problems, please see your doctor. Do hope this has helped you. Good Luck  Hi, Have you thought of seeing your doctor, would be the best place to start, from him a gyno, get your self sorted out. Good Luck  Hi Try seeing a gyno for your lost periods, then you should had this seen to about 3 months ago. As for your leg try getting out walking, perhaps it needs some exercise, also some gentle stretching of the calf muscle may help, after walking and stretching, try icing it for 20 minutes, this will bring in extra blood, this should aid healing. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So Bleeding 14 days after your period, which means you have now been bleeding for 21 days or around that? yes, I think before you try anything else, just go see your doctor ASAP Be Smart. Good Luck  Hi Bit late now, but its advised not to have Lasik surgery if you are pregnant, I think you should go see your doctor or obstetrician and seek more advice on which way you should now go. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Bit late now, but its advised not to have Lasik surgery if you are pregnant, I think you should go see your doctor or obstetrician and seek more advice on which way you should now go. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well the only way out of your problem of am I or not, is to go to your doctor and get tested, and at the same time as for a hormone test. So are you ready for pregnancy then? or is this a hic-cup in your life? But for now its all you can do. Good Luck  Hi So its not a Mirena then. if so you would not be having periods, or you really doing giving your self a double BC, as long as you start the pill 7 days before you see him things should be OK. Good Luck  Hi Have good read of this link, its all home remedies, as you will read some of these women have had real bad yeast infections, so you you should find help. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy this link into google to open and read. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have you been having unprotected sex? even just putting you penis and not ejaculating she can still get pregnant, if you masturbated before sex then sperm would be in your urethra, and any sperm would be carried in pre-cum. So all you can do is get her to her doctors and get a test done there, best way. Good Luck  Hi See the answer above.  Hi, While HSV can be a frustrating and painful condition for some people, in general the virus is less a medical problem than a social problem. For most of us, genital herpes is no more dangerous than a cold sore. Most people with genital herpes don't know they have it, and are unaware they may be spreading it to others. Many have no symptoms or mistake their symptoms for something else, such as jock itch, insect bites, hemorrhoids, yeast infections, razor burn, or allergies to laundry detergent. So yes it can stay hidden for years before it surfaces and shows up in tests. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Found you this nice piece of info from, http://dermnetnz.org/reactions/progesterone-dermatitis.html Autoimmune progesterone dermatitis (APD) is a rare skin condition in women that recurs in a cyclical manner corresponding to their menstrual cycles. It is thought to be a response of the skin to the hormonal changes that happen just before menses. Characteristically, the skin eruptions occur during the luteal phase or the late pre-menstrual phase of the cycle. This is when the blood level of the sex-hormone progesterone rises. The skin rash happens as an autoimmune response to the body's own progesterone, hence its name. Within a few days of menstruation when progesterone level falls, there is partial to complete resolution of the rash. It will recur during the next cycle. Some patients have had previous exposure to external progesterone in the form of oral contraceptive pills. This is thought to pre-sensitize patients to react against their own internal progesterone. However, not all patients with APD are exposed to previous hormone therapy. It has been postulated that these patients produce an altered form of progesterone that incites an immunologic response against it. In another theory, progesterone is thought to heighten a patient's hypersensitivity response to another allergen. Diagnosis. The diagnosis is usually made from the characteristic cyclical presentation. A skin-prick test with intradermal progesterone is helpful. Positive tests with progesterone can be fairly rapid, usually developing as urticaria within 30 minutes of inoculation, or delayed with rashes peaking at 24-48 hours. Provocative testing with intramuscular or oral progesterone can be performed as an alternative. Skin biopsy alone is seldom diagnostic. A variety of histological features have been described. Superficial perivascular mixed inflammation is the most consistent finding. Treatment the skin problem is mild, it may improve with topical steriods (for eczema) and antihistamines (for urticaria). Severe disease may be treated with corticosteroids. The production of progesterone can be suppressed with hormone-based therapy. This includes the use of conjugated oestrogen (American spelling estrogen), ethinyl oestradiol (estradiol), tamoxifen and danazol. Women with autoimmune progesterone dermatitis should try to avoid medications containing progesterone including the combined oral contraceptive pill, minipill, depo injections. The specific drugs to avoid include norethindrone, norgestrel, levonorgestrel. Surgical removal of ovaries or oophrectomy has been shown to be curative in refractory cases. Dop hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi First is this you just thinking your pregnant, if you think it then you will get the symptoms, it happens. But you can only wait to see if you miss you next period, its the only way, if you do miss it then this is the time for doing a test, either an HPT or do one at your doctors. But if you do get your period then you can shout whoopee. Good OLuck  Hi, Look I cant see it, but did you take the missed pill the next day on both times, if you had done this then things will be OK But normally if you miss one pill its not to bad, but doing it twice in one month if you did not back them up as above, but then you have had your period, you may just have come without egg on your face. But you really need to get your act together, on BC pill taken, same time same place each day, so simple. Good Luck  Hi Being obese could be your downfall, carrying the extra fat disrupts your hormones, and this upsets you Testosterone, hence upsets your periods. Best you get yourself on a good diet, get to a weight for what should be your normal frame. If you look around your be able to find yourself a good on line weight tracker, your find doing this is a great help. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The first question anyone would ask is do you fill pregnant or mumsy? Have you thought of seeing a gyo perhaps he or she could come at you from another angel to your problem of no periods, as your showing negative? Do you remember if you had unprotected sex 3 or 4 days after your last period? this would put you in the time frame for getting pregnant. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well have just had something inserted in you uterus so this could have upset you womb that could be the reason of the absence of your period. But waiting the 8 days were right for not having unprotected sex, so your OK there, but your periods do wain after 3 months and should be gone by the year after fitting. Sop sounds like your OK Good Luck  Hi I think your find it very hard for sperm to work its way through dry cotton. She could be just having a skipped period, but if she is really worried the either do an HPT or get e test done at her doctors, the second would be the best way out for her, tell her not to worry what happens at her doctor is between her and the doctor If she's thinking pregnant then any little twinges she will think pregnant, its all in the mind, it can happen just like phantom pregnancy's happen. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS If she's OK the her its time to get on some kind of BC, the pill, cap or IUD, but not depo shot, just to many side effects.  Hi Sounds like its your hormones getting out of whack at that time of the month, your only way to find out would be by having some tests done at a normal time of the month and why its happening. Blood tests that is, for hormones. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK Could be a cyst or perianal abscess or barthlins abscess, but you should really see either your doctor or a dermatologist, to sort out your problem. Hope there is some help here. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, Ok try not to worry to much, as you have been playing safe? it could be just a missed period, and at 16 it could go on for a few months, but you will have to see. But if you are really still worried, why not just either do an HPT, or do a pregnancy test at your doctors, if you can go by yourself, but if you have the you Mother with you, I think if she has no idea what's going behind closed doors, but think she could guess? But just remember your mum is your best friend, so be straight with her to why you need to go to your doctor. So the question mark, first line, from what your saying its not going to be long before sex rears its head, so do you think its time to see your doctor for BC, either, the BC Pill, the BC Implant, the BC Ring, the BC Cap or the IUD. So as your getting near to being sexually active, and it would be a lot safer, it would put all the pregnancy worries behind you then. But do think on Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You are on the low side, have you been asked to do more tests. The drug Fertisre M is the normal to help get extra sperm going. Something's you can try, advise to eat healthy, keep off fast foods and junk foods and no sodas , exercise and avoid smoking /alcohol. Avoid hot baths and hot environment.Avoid keeping your laptops on your lap and cellphones out of your pockets. Wear loose trousers and not so tight under garments, ie boxers or go commando. Vitamin supplement which has got zinc, selenium, l-carnitine and arginine are usually prescribed. A trial of 3- 6 months should see better results. Check out these two herbs they should help you, Muira Puama, and Catuaea, these could also help your sperm, google both of them and read through a few sites on both. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So she should have had her period between the 3rd and 5th, and you both had unprotected sex on the 4th, so what makes you think she pregnant, day 1 of her cycle, period, day 14 or about then is her ovulation day and all being well around day 28 her new period starts. OK if you had sex on day 13 then she could have gotten pregnant, but not around the day of her period, unless she has a very odd system. Could be that she has just skipped her period, it can happen. Hope this helps you both. Good Luck PS I would carry more condoms or get her on some kind of BC if all's well, but not depo shot, the side effects a can be very bad.  Hi toss a coin time then, its either a skipped like before, or your pregnant. Have you thought of using your doctor and get a test done there, may be the best way to go. Good Luck  Hi, Your find its your and the rings hormones they can take 3 to 6 months before they get back to normal. If your thinking of trying to get pregnant, You should wait till you get back in a regular cycle, then go for it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Did he not offer you the BC pill to try and regulate your periods, for a year, if these can kick your periods to become regular it would be a good way to start. Or even try some extra hormones treatment to regulate your periods. Or have you been done these avenues? Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Coming off depo shot, it can take a long time before she comes back to being normal, google coming off depo shoot and getting period back, should throw up all the answers your looking for, but if I remember right can take some time with some women before getting back to normal, anything up to 2 years. Good Luck  Hi If you have not been having unprotected sex, then why the test? Sounds like you should be on the BC pill, this would help regulate you periods. But stress will plat havoc with your periods. Find some natural way of relieving your stress, try and keep away from drugs, just google natural ways out of stress, pick a way and stay with it, don't mix them up. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your best bet would be go see your doctor, best advice. Good Luck  Hi Yes you should be concerned, get to your doctor, and get seen to by him/her for your condition. Here's a link you should read, it may help. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/postmenopausal-bleeding-or-spotting/Pages/Introduction.aspx Good Luck  Hi Sarah, Yes with that date you could have got pregnant as his sperm would be there waiting for you egg, why? Well it takes male sperm 3 days to reach your womb, where it can live for 5,7 or 10 days max so day 14 being ovulation day, it was there waiting. So did the condom fall was this before he ejaculated or just after, if it was just after his sperm could have been locked in the end, so when you fished it out it was still there, me and my wife had this happen a couple of times, she never got pregnant. But do you have any of the feelings of being pregnant?, the thing is do you want to be pregnant? Just come back through, answer this above. If not. Good Luck  Hi Have you read up about the side effects of Loestrin 1/20, your find this is a side effect of this pill. And HBP is an infrequent side effect, but if you google natural ways out of hbp, this should help you, this way you can do it without drugs. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I would love to say no, but there is the slightest chance, see some sperm can be in precum, even though it happened before her period, for some women it can still happen. Good Luck  Hi There is a 72 hour window for taken plan B, so your outside the time, this is from the time you had unprotected sex, your next step would be the abortion pill, if you don't want and as you say to get pregnant, its your next step. OK that out of the way, when this episode is over, don't you think it would be best if you get on some kind of BC, there's a good choice today, but I would not think of depo shot till you have googled the side effects. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Progesterone may also cause water retention in various parts of your body, so your legs swelling could just be another side effect. Good Luck  Hi I think your find there is quite a simple answer to your question. BCP pills do regulate your periods, and I think your find that it has done just that, and this is why your period s have changed. OK Simple answer. Good Luck  Hi Question if she's in NY why cant she go to an ER? it would be between her and the doctor she sees unless she's underage? But if your that worried then you should be by her side. What she sore may just have been her uterus lining, it can happens to women from time to time, most of the time women don't even know this happens or see it pass. If it had been a miscarriage she would have seen flesh and skin. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Why take an HPT on a period? you take an HPT on the first day of a missed period, unless you do think your pregnant, but why on a period? Good Luck  Hi AC, with this going on that long, it would be best to go see your doctor or gyno. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Yes it is possible to go through a whole pregnancy having periods, but these would be shorter periods, 3 days max. OK tests, try doing one with your doctor, this way it would be a good way to go, get every thing done at the same time, get things organised OK Just in case you are, you do sound a bit iffy? Good Luck  Hi Why not see your doctor, get some tests done with him, or ask him to hook you up with a breast doctor, this way you could get to the bottom of it. Good Luck  Hi, Yes there is always a chance of getting pregnant from having unprotected sex, and your 7 days from ovulation day, your egg and his sperm could meet head on. All you can do is wait to see if you get your next period, if you don't then that would be the time to get tested. Hope this helps you. Good Luck PS, Question did he or you not have a condom then?  Hi I would give this link a very good read before you try it, but if you was my daughter I would say no you don't, also google depo shot side effects, and read up about them. But first read this, http://www.depo-subqprovera104.com/default.aspx Good Luck  Hi, OK not a doctor but have you read all the info on Implanon, if not there is a link below for it and one other, please read through both, but it does state about changes in your periods, but if you had not had one in 13 years, I think that should have been looked at a long time ago. You have not said how long you have been on Implanon, os perhaps after depo shot your body is coming back to normal, even if its doing it slowly. Link One http://implanon-usa.com/en/consumer/index.asp Link Two http://www.nhs.uk/medicine-guides/pages/MedicineSideEffects.aspx?condition=Contraception&medicine=implanon&preparation = Do hope these help you. Good Luck  Hi Embarrassed, O'boy sorry but its just one of those things that can happen to the odd girl/young women, but just give it time the next thing you will know is, O my god! there to big now. But don't worry about bras (think of the money your saving) go natural, wear tight tops, that will show off your nipples, see other girls in bras cant do that, so your one up. But just don't worry and stop hiding yourself, just say to anybody flat is best, its so sexy, but don't slouch, shoulders back, be brave. This would show your stronger than other girls. Do hope this helps you. Good luck  Hi, Try This, changes to the breasts can begin very soon after conception. Increasing levels of hormones cause increased blood flow and changes to the breast tissue. This increase can cause sore or sensitive nipples, a change that can be enjoyable for some but painful for others. As your body adjusts to the new surge of hormones the pain should subside. Does this help. Good Luck  Hi The first thing you do need to know, is are you pregnant, it would be best to see your doctor and get a test done there. Its your best way. Good Luck  Hi, I found this great link for you, gives loads of info about the first month, on whether your pregnant or its just another period. Is this something your planning, have you been having unprotected sex?? The Link http://hubpages.com/hub/Early-Pregnancy-Symptoms---The-First-Month Hope this helps to give you some answers. Good Luck  Hi That's 7 months ago, so do you fill pregnant? Have you put on any weight? Have you got a lump? Have you done a home pregnancy test? But its about time for you to see your doctor, if your not pregnant then he will find out what your problem is for you. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well you was past what would be your ovulation day, so your safe there whether you was on the pill or not. So put your anxiety pills away, and relax. When you get a chance just google natural ways out of anxiety, you should find some help all without drugs, if I remember right meditation is one of them, this would really calm you down. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your talking about depo shot,1 it would depend how long you have been on it. 2 just google periods after depo shot, might make your mouth drop open, some have been as long as 2 years. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If this was prescribed for you, best get back to your doctor, see if he can find something that will reverse the side effects your now getting. Good Luck  Hi If your last period was short by a couple of days then yes you could be pregnant, reason it is possible for a pregnant women to go through her whole pregnancy and still have a monthly period, but shorter ones. Now the best thing you can do is get off to your doctor, and get a pregnancy test done, see how it goes and take it from there. Well your either pregnant or having a phantom pregnancy, this can happen and runs just the same as a real pregnancy. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have a read through this link, its from the NHS in the UK, English girls get the same symptoms as you, but it reads very interesting, facts an so on. But sounds like you big day is coming. The Link, http://www.nhs.uk/Livewell/puberty/Pages/Startingperiods.aspx Just copy the link into google to open and read Do hope you find the help you want. Good Luck  Hi, So if your saying you had unprotected sex on day 16, the it would have taken his sperm 3 days to reach your womb, and ovulation day would have been around day 14, give or take a day, chance are low. But playing around with unprotected sex, is a dangerous game, and not forgetting some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month. All you can do not is wait to see if you miss your period the if you do get tested, if you don't? that's if you want it that way, say thank you. But if your not trying to get pregnant, then its time you got on some kind of BC, The pill, The ring, The implant, The cap or IUD. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi see Above answer.  Hi The bleeding is not good post menopause, for any women, taken a sample would tell if there are other problems, that may need further procedures. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The bleeding is not good post menopause, for any women, taken a sample would tell if there are other problems, that may need further procedures. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think what you getting is quite normal, but then reading about the first period coming of depo shot, was that what you was on? there are women having lots of different reactions. But you need to remember, your womb had been shut down for 9 months, so your first period would be something different. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Ok been having unprotected sex then?, if so now is then time for you to do an HPT or do a test at your doctors, and take it from there. Bu keep in mind it could be just a skipped period, from stress, exercise, being overweight or under weight. So do a test. Good Luck  Hi Then its time you went are sore your doctor then, get a test done there, it will be the best thing your can do. Good Luck  Hi This is from Dr Jen Gunter The levonorgestrel intrauterine system ( Mirena IUS ) is a popular IUD. It contains the hormone levonorgestrel and over time many women gets lighter periods or even lose their periods altogether. This is a desirable side effect. The only problem is the promise of very light or no periods and combined with long acting reversible contraception comes with a price  many women have an initial bout of irregular spotting and/or bleeding. Unfortunately, many women are not adequately counseled about this possibility and as a result most women who get their Mirena removed for reasons other than wanting to get pregnant do so in the first 6 months and the most common reason cited is irregular bleeding. Theres more on this site, please go an read more. The Link, http://drjengunter.wordpress.com/2013/05/25/bleeding-after-a-mirena-iud-insertion-what-to-expect/ Just copy this link into google to open and read. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  See my answer above.  Hi Best advice would be get back to your doctor, tell him what your telling us, that its not right yet, and in need of help. Good Luck  Hi Well you have done an HPT and was negative, so you either go to your doctor and have one there, or its just a skipped period. Yes it could be to do with hormones building up inside you, if its Progestrogen only BC, then yes it could these that has given you your missed period, they can do that. But rubbing genitals together is safe sex as long as the head of his penis keeps away from your opening, but then your on BC so it wont matter, you are protected, this is why your on BC, just use some extra lubrication, it will help, Look you seem to be young? yes, well go have a good read on www.dodsonandross.com your find all the help you need there's even a slot for first time sex, just look down the left hand side, as you have not said, don't be forced into sex, only when your ready. Do hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi Well your only 14, and you not saying how long you have been having them. But at your age its ok to skip the odd period or could be two, its just your body settling down, and don't forget these could be with you for the next 40 years. But if your period start to get out of control by being all over the place, if this happens then it would be best to go on the BC pill, these will regulate your periods. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Been to your doctor yet? if not why not, this should be the first place to go, for help not doing this will send you crazy. Have you thought of the fact it could be just a phantom pregnancy, it can happen, one more thing is that at times a women can go thought there whole pregnancy having the monthly period, crazy as it sounds. Please remember some women go through life having miscarriage after miscarriage, perhaps up to 10 times before they get all the way or never. So please go seek help from your doctor or obstetrician, these are the people who can really help you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi If you mean you have been through the menopause? then get to your doctor, any bleeding from the vagina after the menopause you must see your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi, Thinking the sensible way, the thing would be to come off them till you get back to normal, find out what's in both of these BC pills, that's giving you your problem, and find one that does not have that part of the drug that's creating your problem, but till then could be the jolly old condom and a spermicide for that extra protection. This way you get your sex life back. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi Beachbaby, Our peers are not really tuned into natural products, not like my UK doctors they have taken the herbal ways to heart, and see there is a need for both meds and herbs. You just need to keep doing research for your own good. But I use herbs, supplements and a hormone for my way out of ED, which according to WebMD don't work, works for me, so one of us is wrong? Just keep searching. Good Luck  Hi You will have to wait till and if you miss your next period, then takes a test, HPT or at your doctors, but as for being a boy, well its 50/50 chance. Good Luck  Hi, While painful ovulation is fairly common in women and doesnt lead to other problems, painful ovulation can also be a symptom of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), ovarian fibroids or endometriosis. If you are concerned, see your GP and keep a diary beforehand, so you can let your doctor know exactly when in your menstrual cycle ovulation pain occurs, the level of pain on each day and how long it lasts. Just see your doctor and get checked out, this is only a theory . But hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi Could be that the sex was so good, its just upset your system, only time will tell, to late for plan B. If things go right, and your not pregnant, get on the BC pill, will save all these problems your now having, or get a good supply of condoms in, and put a couple in each bag you own. Please always remember safe sex is best sex. Good Luck  Hi, Perhaps your skin is becoming allergic to the pads your using, try and find some unbleached pads, or change to tampons. That's if you use pads, otherwise get the pimples tested by you doctor next time you have your period, just remember they have seen it all before. Good Luck  Hi Well the real question that you should be asking is when do I get some sex education? yes OK so you do know about your cycle and as you was outside of you ovulation day, ten what happened was in your safe period, and the thing you can add was that it takes male sperm 3 days to reach your womb or the egg if there was one, your egg only lives for 2 days. Now if you miss your next period, then that would be the time to get tested, and only then, either an HPT or at your doctors. Now young lady, if your going to keep having unprotected sex, then you need protection, did your b/f not have condoms, better still were was yours, its up to both of you to provide protection. There's the BC pill, the ring, IUD and the cap, these and more are there for your protection, its time for you to do something even if you bare just 13 years old. Always remember your Mum is your best friend. Do talk with her. Good Luck  Hi They say if your breast feeding then this acts like BC, if not then you up for grabs to getting pregnant, at any time having unprotected sex, you found out once what male sperm can do, when your man explodes his sperm in you, 9 months later it explodes again with a baby. End of story. Good Luck  Hi And your age is? Have you thought it could be the menopause? can come at anytime. Do you have a history of periods taking holidays? To Answer, just use, answer this, above.  Hi Well if your that worried then get her tested, her doctor would be best. But if OK then now is the time to get her on BC, pills the cap IUD but not deop shot, to many bad side effects. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This below is from ippf.org. I think it covers your problem, see what you think. Myth: Menstrual Bleeding Many couples do not want to use the IUD because they incorrectly believe that using the IUD will cause either no monthly bleeding (amenorrhea) or heavier, painful, and more frequent menstrual bleeding. Fact: Women can experience changes in bleeding patterns depending on the type of IUD. Women using copper-bearing IUDs may experience: Heavy and prolonged monthly bleeding Irregular bleeding More cramps and pain during monthly bleeding These bleeding changes are normal and usually are not signs of illness. They are most common in the first 3 to 6 months after insertion and usually lessen with time. A provider should evaluate for an underlying condition unrelated to method use if: Cramping continues and occurs between monthly bleeding; Heavy or prolonged bleeding continues, or if bleeding starts suddenly after several months of normal bleeding or long after the IUD was inserted, or; Irregular bleeding persists after 6 months, or starts suddenly after several months of normal bleeding. Severe anaemia requires careful consideration because if heavier menstrual periods are experienced, the additional monthly blood loss could worsen existing anaemia. The anaemia should be treated before an IUD is inserted. The LNG-IUD may actually help to reduce anaemia by reducing blood loss. Women using the LNG-IUD may experience heavy, prolonged, or irregular bleeding in the first few months, but then experience Lighter, regular, and predictable bleeding Infrequent, light, or no monthly bleeding These bleeding changes also are normal and usually are not signs of illness. Copper-bearing IUDs rarely cause monthly bleeding to stop completely. However, women using an LNG-IUD may not experience monthly bleeding due to strong uniform suppression of the endometrium. If monthly bleeding does not occur while a woman is using a copper-bearing IUD, pregnancy should be excluded. If the woman is not pregnant, other causes of no monthly bleeding should be investigated. Pain associated with menstruation may increase in some women, but usually this is only for the first month or two. The LNG-IUD may reduce the pain associated with menstruation. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs may also reduce discomfort. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Then go back and see your doctor, ASAP Good Luck  Hi Have a look at this link it may you to see were you problem is coming from. Good Luck http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/periods-irregular/Pages/Introduction.aspx  Hi, If there is any abnormal bleeding in a 70 year old woman she needs to see a gynecologist to make sure this isn't something bad. This is something I found, so get off see your doctor or gyno, ASAP. Reason it could not period bleeding, OK Good Luck  Hi If your getting a fishy smell as well, plus white cottage cheese, BV (bacterial vaginsis) Ok for this its a trip to the doctor either get tested or he will see what it is and dish out some antibiotics. Or you can try warm sea salt baths twice a day letting the water get inside you, for a week, for more info just google bv and sea salt, you can also google yeast infection and sea salt, sea salt and the vagina, and one packed with info sea salt and wounds, Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi somewhere around the 10 of December either do a HPT or get a test at your doctor's, its the only way your find out for sure, unless your next period starts up, a women's body can skip the odd period, for no reason at all. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Women who exercise do tend to get skipped periods, so this could be your reason, unless your have been having unprotected sex? that would do it as well. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi TLT, You have not said if your on any kind of BC, if not give it a try. Heres 3 links that may through some extra light on your problems. http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/menorrhagia/DS00394/DSECTION=causes http://www.marieclaire.com/health-fitness/advice/female-hormones-cycle http://blogs.webmd.com/womens-health/2010/11/let-it-bleed-causes-of-heavy-periods.html Do hope you find the help you need Good Luck  Hi OK a creamy discharge is normal, so don't worry there. This brown looking discharge could be just the blood and the normal discharge mixing. Seems that you may have had a small tear from foreplay, to help get you over this try for a couple of days warm sea salt baths, just a couple of handfuls will do it each time, you do this twice a day, letting the water get inside your vagina, it will help clean and heal he tear or tears. Just google sea salt and the vagina for more info. But next time you and your b/f want to give one another good foreplay, two things you b/f wants to make sure his nails are short, clean and snag free, and get some extra lubrication, its cheap to buy, there's nothing like being extra wet. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Then going on BC would help if it carries on, but give it 6 more weeks, then see your doctor see if he/her thinks BC could help regulate your periods. Good Luck  Hi Any bleeding like this you should go see your doctor or gyno ASAP. Good Luck  Hi I think if you was pregnant that you would be showing by now, have you not done any kind of tests yet? even just an HPT, but best would be with your doctor. But with PCOS, having no periods, is a side effect, and getting pregnant is a very hard thing. So please get tested, before you break your heart. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Do you mean the active pills being darker, its when you stop these and go over to your placebo pills your period will start or should. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi As you have not said how old you, as that would have helped, but found this piece of info that may be of some help. By your late 30s your cycles may become shorter as fertility starts to drop off (the most dramatic decline is from ages 35 to 40). Your cycles may go from, say, 30 days to 27, says Barry Witt, MD, medical director of the Greenwich Fertility Center in Connecticut. Read more: Menstrual Cycle - All About Menstrual Period from WomansDay.Com - Woman's Day . See you even get a link, so hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi OK yes do test again or get your doctor to do one, or its just s skipped period or two, it can happen, lots of reasons why, and if your stressing over this that would not help, as stress is just one of the reasons. Were you on BC and not long been off it, that could be another reason, along with low and high weight, over exercising. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK yes do test again or get your doctor to do one, or its just s skipped period or two, it can happen, lots of reasons why, and if your stressing over this that would not help, as stress is just one of the reasons. Were you on BC and not long been off it, that could be another reason, along with low and high weight, over exercising. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I Think anybody's first question would was that when you come off depo shot? But if not then its about time you got off to your doctor or your gyno, you have something wrong somewhere, but these two would be your best bet for advice that's face to face, and get an examination and tests done. This is something you cant have done on a web page. Good Luck  Hi having a period for 51/2 weeks is no fun, just get to your doctor ASAP With the bright red blood, that is not good, it means its fresh blood, and that should not be happening. Good Luck  Hi Try This day one of your cycle is the first day of your period, by day 14 this is your ovulation day your egg would live for 2 days, now you had unprotected sex on day 24 of a 28 day cycle if that's yours. So cant see any chance of being pregnant. As for your period being 2 weeks late, this could be down to a whole load of events, stress, weight loss, doing to much exercise, plus some more. The only real way to find if you think your pregnant, is to see if you miss your next period, if so then do a test then either an HPT or best at your doctors. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Bright red means fresh blood, this means you have a problem, get to your doctor or gyno ASAP, if not an ER Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have you spoken to you doctor about this? I think to help your problem you should think of the BC pill, try it for a year see if this gets you regulated and perhaps back on a monthly cycle. Your iron perhaps you should be on some low dose iron pills, these would back you system up. So how it goes. Good Luck  Hi Perhaps you need to have blood test done before you period and when your on your period, the blood test would be for hormones. Perhaps the problems stem from hormones. Sites that may help you, http://www.womentowomen.com/emotions-anxiety-mood/depression-mood-and-anxiety-disorders/ http://www.womentowomen.com/emotions-anxiety-mood/anxiety-and-worry-in-women-causes-symptoms-and-natural-relief/ http://www.helpguide.org/mental/depression_women.htm You will need to copy these into google. But these could be helpful to you, and may help you understand your problem a bit better. Have you thought of meditation to help with your problem, may be better that drugs. Do hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi Krisy The chances are very, very low to nothing, your talking about something that may never had happened, so this is now stressing you out, this stress could stop you getting your next period, and then this would give you even greater stress, why? Playing with sex, with no condoms and your not even on any BC, and this now ends up with this problem. So just calm down, just wait, and see what happens, this is all you can do for now. So in the meantime get to your doctor, get some BC pills ready as most of these start on the first day of your period, or get a whole load of condoms. Good Luck  Hi Ok so 8 days ago, where was this in you cycle then being day 1 was the first day of your last period, around day 14 would have been your ovulation day, and day 21 would be your implantation day. So you really need to work that bit out, if this was after day 14, then you should have been in the safe period. So all you can do now is wait to see if you miss your next period, you do a test then. But you have this problem with meds your on, then go see your doctor now, if there that bad your doctor could give you something to help abort it. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See answer above.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi This is hard to pin down to many just cant seem to get on Depo shot for an answer, like you just find 24, hours, 7 days, and 2 to 3 weeks. So your best bet would be get a Plan B. But just be patient, your soon be in heaven. Good Luck  Hi This bit below is from WebMD, so show her this, it may help both of you. Sometimes you may notice that your menstrual blood becomes dark brown or almost black as you near the end of your period. This is a normal colour change. It happens when the blood is older and not being expelled from the body quickly. Temporary thick, heavy flow isn't necessarily cause for concern. However, regular heavy periods justify a trip to the doctor to check your blood counts. Many women become accustomed to heavy periods, considering them to be normal. Over time, though, the excess monthly blood loss leads to anemia , potentially causing weakness or fatigue. If you ever feel something's not right with your period, see your health care provider. As for the pains could be just cramping, has she had anything like this before? Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Just wait it could be a hic-cup with your period, it is possible to miss one here and there, just missing one does not mean your pregnant, it could also be from having anal sex, it just upset your system if it was you first time, but next time use some KY jelly, your find the slip a lot better. Go to www.dodsonandross.com on the if you look down the left hand side you will see anal sex, give this a good read you may find some help. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sorry forgot your main question on the menopause. It seems there is no connection between the two. But have a read of the link, interesting. The link, https://shine.yahoo.com/early-periods-lead-early-menopause-202100219.html Just copy link into google, to open and read. Good Luck  Hi Have you seen your doctor over this, you may now need a D&C this as you should know will clean out your womb, this will get things right for you. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First have you thought of doing a HPT to see, or thought of going to your doctor for a test? But it is possible for you to be pregnant after having a period, in fact some women can go through there whole pregnancy having periods, the one time that you think you get a break then it carry's on. But yes you could be, but get tested. Good Luck  Hi OK lets start form the beginning, you were a virgin who's on the pill, well done You have sex for the first time and the guy wore a condom, now that's called double safe, he ejaculated in the condom? yes. Then for that I would say your not pregnant. Now this cloudy discharge, ok is this in your urine or from your vagina? If its from your vagina, it could just be a yeast infection, now if this comes with a fishy smell its BV (bacterial vaginosis) so you can either see your doctor for meds, or you can try the sea salt way, for this you just have a couple of baths a day with a couple of handfuls of sea salt in it, you let the water get inside your vagina, you can google bv and sea salt for more info. Do hope this helps you and your nerves. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi I think its time you took a trip to your doctor, let him have a look at you get tested, after that you can see were you stand, seems the best thing to me. Good Luck  Hi, Then now will do if it turns out to be negative and you not getting any mumsy sings, it could be just a skipped period. Or get your doctor to give you a test instead of a HPT. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Implantation bleeding you get around day 21 of your cycle, not with your period. If your trying to get pregnant you need to have unprotected sex around day 8 or 9 of your cycle, this gives sperm time to be in place for your egg release day which should be around day 14 give or take a day. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi what this means, is if this has been going for sometime you should have been to your doctor or gyno by now, just go. Good Luck  Hi first you need to get some Plan B and take it there is 72 window to take it OK. OK just in case you don't know how your cycle works it s like this. Day 1 first day of your period, day 14 is ovulation day, give or take a day, day 21 is implantation day, then on to your next period.OK Male sperm takes 3 days to reach your womb, and depending where you read it can live from 5, 7 or 10 days, so if this unprotected sex was say day 8, then yes you could get pregnant if you don't take Plan B or something like it. Does this help you? Good Luck  Hi If you're taking progestin-only pills it is crucial that you take the pill at the same time every day. Taking it three hours later than usual may make it ineffective and you will need to use a back up method for at least 48 hours. "Missing" means you forget to take your pill for 24 hours or you never take it at all. In some cases, your doctor may have been right to tell you that you're unprotected for that month, but it depends on the week and the type of pill. For combination pills (pills that have both estrogen and progestin), if you miss one pill during week one, you should use backup for at least 7 days (assuming you take the "missed" pill as soon as your remember, even if it means taking two pills at once). During weeks two, three, and four, you may not need backup if you take the pill once you remember, however this can vary by brand. At any point in your cycle, miss two or more pills and you'll probably need backup. Confused yet? It's important that you read the label on your pill very carefully and, if you're in doubt, use condoms or other back up. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think you should be OK, but you should wait till her next period, if it comes you can breath more easy, if it dose not then is the time to worry. Have you not heard that unprotect sex or just playing around can get girls pregnant, not heard of condoms, has you g/f not heard of BC,IE the pill, or the cap, or the IUD, but keep away from depo shot. Sounds like you both are in need of some sex education, try this site. www.dodsonandross.com down the left hand side there's and part on first time sex, give the post and Dr Betty Dodson answers and good read, from there your find lots of other stuff, its free and will educate you both. Please remember safe sex is best, but also remember your sperm explodes of your penis, and it also explodes into baby's, and can happen very easily. Good Luck  Hi, If you live near the sea, try swimming at times your having a yeast problem, if not just simple get some sea salt, sprinkle some into a warm bath, when its dissolved just get into it, at let it do its work, let the water get inside you, you can google yeast infection sea salt bath, lots of info. Good Luck  Hi What about trying a gyno, see what he or she says about you problem, the side effects do say about clotting, have you read through them, is you don't still have them google the BC orthotrycyclin, your find lots of info. Good Luck  Hi Well two things I can think of are, small amounts of blood, or spotting, between periods, and lighter periods, both of these are side effects. Just see how things go for the next couple of moths, but you should settle into a pattern. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi IF this was the reason of irregular periods, so by now they should be OK and stay normal 28 day cycle, but only time will tell. But found this piece of info for you, just in case you did not see it? You may have thoughts about suicide while taking Tegretol. Tell your doctor if you have symptoms of depression or suicidal thoughts. Your family or other caregivers should also be alert to changes in your mood or symptoms. Do Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi NO, it cant, but you could be stressed, it could be just a missed period, on any new meds, have you gained weight, have you lost weight, been doing extra exercising, having unprotected sex. But all of these can be a reason for not starting a period. Any help. Good Luck  Hi It seems you have done all the right things, except having unprotected sex why not on BC, but that as they say is another story. Look all you can do is sit and wait, with your fingers crossed that thing will be OK If things turn out the way you want it to go, then you should really think of some kind of BC, if you don't think the pill suits you, your could think of the cap, I would not think of depo shoot till you have googled its side effects, or the old favourite, the condom, or you could try the ring. Do hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi With all these problems, you would be best top go see your doctor, let him do some tests and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi So your periods have been stopped for 18 months or so, do you think your now in the menopause, or been through it, had all the symptoms. Thickening of the lining is one of the things that go along with the menopause. Any help. Good Luck  Hi Your find it does say that you should use condoms for 7 days after the first shot, or did you miss that bit or was not told? From then on you should be OK Good Luck PS Look out for the side effects, just google depo shot side effects.  Hi For one it would depend how long you have been on the pill, sometimes it can take a couple on months for clear your body this will happen when your periods get regular again then that would be the time to either worry unless your trying for pregnancy. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your talking about a Priapism this is wear you get an erection that wont go down, if your getting this kind of erections you should get to an ER if there lasting longer than 4 hours, its all down to blood, it goes in and stays there, its not good for your penis, I do hope this has not been happening to you, if this has been your problem then get to a urologist and get yourself checked out. But do explain what your problems have been in full, this way your get the right treatment. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Things you should be thinking of, is when was the last time you had unprotected sex, and take it from there. But doing a home pregnancy test would be a very thing to do, its a starting point. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Yes you can, If you google your question you find lots of info on the subject, its quite interesting when you think about it. Hope this helps you. Good Luck   Hi If your talking about a Priapism this is wear you get an erection that wont go down, if your getting this kind of erections you should get to an ER if there lasting longer than 4 hours, its all down to blood, it goes in and stays there, its not good for your penis, I do hope this has not been happening to you, if this has been your problem then get to a urologist and get yourself checked out. But do explain what your problems have been in full, this way your get the right treatment. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Not said, but been having unprotected sex? Could be a miscarriage , or an ectopic pregnancy, these could be the reason for you having such a bad time. But do suggest you see your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi Just a couple of questions. Do you know just where you were through your cycle? Was you past day 14? After taken Plan B did you have a short bleed? Just answer through answer this Above. PS There a 5% chance of getting pregnant when taken Plan B. If you had a short bleed this could be why your late.  Hi I would just give it a couple more days, to see if it happens, could be just a skipped period, This sex on the 28th was it unprotected, did he go all the way inside you? Are you on any kind of BC? was he wearing a condom? If neither then why was you having unprotected sex? Its like you do want to get pregnant? Yes or No If the period dose not happen in the next couple of days, you either do an HPT or just go to your doctor and get a test done there. Good Luck  Hi, To try and help, but sorry how old are you?  Hi As you have not said how long you were on it, and how long, if you are having periods, do you have your periods back yet?, but even if you not on depo, you can skip a period. Do this help. Good Luck  Hi Yes its very safe place to have sex, for a women its the sea salt very good for your vagina, if there was any chance of you getting a yeast infection, then that would put an end to it. Me and my wife have had sex many times in the sea, its feels so good for men and women, and if you husband/b/f suffers from pe, he would then feel like a hero as the colder water would delay him, so you would enjoy it better, Sea water if also very healthy for your skin, and any open cuts you have, it will help clean and heal it. Please enjoy your sex in salt water. Good Luck  Hi Red blood means fresh blood, and with the pain I would get to your doctor or gyno ASAP Good Luck  Hi Depending on what time of your cycle you had sex would determine if you get pregnant his high sperm count would not matter. But timing dose, if you had unprotected sex on say day 12 of your cycle, (it works this way day one is the day you start your period) around day 14 is your egg release day, male sperm takes 3 days to reach your womb, and can live a lot longer than your egg will, so hopefully they meet at the right time, so can you see how its all down to timing and not so much high sperm count. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your bleeding has turned bright red then yes get to your doctor, its a problem. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do for yourself is either see your doctor or gyno, either will be only to pleased to ease your mind, but do things right, this would be right for you. Get a blood test at the same time, never know could be the start of your menopause, the blood test would show how your hormones are doing, a good pointer for the menopause. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, As you say fix, for him having a vas is just a very simple procedure, his own doctor could do it, this way job done and no more problems once he gets the all clear, you can change his middle name to Martini? its from the advert, anytime, anyplace, anywhere, with no problems. Or its the pill or an IUD, or the good old condoms. I had a vas way back in 1976, drove back home from London to Suffolk, no problems and back to work the next day, it was that simple, sent a sperm sample of at 4 weekly intervals, 12 weeks job done, been very happy ever since, and we still are. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think that you should google this, depo-pervera for 5years, there some info there you should read. But if I'm right you should cycle depo shot, this will give your body a break, give it a chance to reboot itself. Try going on nuvaring after you get you periods back, but after 5 years may take some time for that to happen. It would also be good for you to google depo shot side effects. Good Luck  Hi Seems you have done the right thing, but it could be stress causing her to be late or even missing a period, or it could that she is just missing her period, some women can do this and yes, it does cause worries. Look all two of you can do is wait. Have you thought of doing an HPT, just to see? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Yes you do need some kind of BC, but have you been through the menopause yet? I would get an blood test done, this would tell from your hormones. Reason have had this procedure you may have gone through the menopause without knowing it, if that's the case you would not need BC. But after having this procedure cant see how periods would start up the again. Read this link, http://www.webmd.com/women/endometrial-ablation-16200 Its down the bottom of this that may help you. So get checked out first, all for your own good. Good Luck  Hi Not taken the second pill was not a good idea, its part of the course. So its suck it an see time, but getting periods does not mean your not pregnant, it is possible for the odd women to go through there whole pregnancy having there periods. It just wait time. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So for once nature has beaten the pill, so just deduct two white ones and carry on as normal, by doing this it will put you back on track. Job done. Good Luck  Hi Yes you do have a problem, so found you this very good link it has all the answer you need. http://www.glowm.com/section_view/heading/Menstruation%20and%20Menstrual%20Disorders:%20Anovulation/item/295 Just copy this link into google to open and read. Hope this is what you want for help. Good Luck  Hi Sorry, my brain picked up on depo, and you do know about that. Did some research on a couple of forums, but you did not say how long you have been on it, but it seems most are on it 6 to 9 month? Getting your period, seems some are 3 to 4 months and waiting, one her doctor said to go back at 6 months if not started, and there is talk about Clomid, it a fertility drug. So hope this helps better. Good Luck  Hi I think you have most of your answers, with your whole system being out of whack, but if you read up about late periods, you body can skip a beat when it comes to periods, if they stop for longer than getting to your next period, see your doctor. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi So what is below is from I-Pill. It may stop an egg being released from the ovary. If an egg has been released, i-pill may prevent the sperm from fertilizing it. If the egg is already fertilized, it may prevent it from attaching itself to the lining of the womb. It is important to note that pregnancy is established only after the fertilized egg attaches itself to the womb. I think if took the pill then went to have a period, you should be safe, for now. But it seems you and your b/f enjoy having sex ONatural, in that case you should really think of getting on BC, The BC Pill, BC Implant, BC Ring, The BC Cap or the IUD But keep away from depo shot just to many side effects, this is just my thoughts. Hope this helps you Good Luck  Hi Well if you took the E-pill and then got your period, you should be OK. But there is always the but, but I would wait to see if you get your next period, to be really sure how your doing. But ever thought of getting on some permanent BC. either the pill, the cap or IUD, but I would not even look a depo shot till you have googled depo shot side effects. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See your doctor and get a hormone test done, y6opu may find its to do with your hormones, they could be out of whack. Good Luck  Hi As your 5 days pass your period date then go get a test done, either an HPT or at your doctors, its the only real way to find out. Good Luck  Hi, Google coming off depo shot to get pregnant, your find all the info you need. But if I remember right, can be up to two years, and yes you can still get pregnant at 39 or 40 even, when your system gets back to normal. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your not sexually active, then how can it be herpes, there is a form of herpes you can get from kissing, but your find it stays in the mouth. Have you thought of seeing your doctor/gyno, this is a visual thing, and that gives a big problem over the computer. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, One thing, by having sex during your period is good for you, it should not harm you, as long as your b/f or husband does not mind, its OK. But hope it was protected sex, if you on BC your ok if not he still needs to wear a condom, still some chance of getting pregnant. Good Luck  Hi As this was day 6, there is an outside chance that you could be pregnant, or because you took your I-pill which seems to have been straight after your period, then had another bleed, could be your body has been shocked, and taking its time getting its act back together again. All your can do is wait or go see your doctor. Good Luck  Hi I think this was an early miscarriage, from what I can read, found this link it might help, but its a common thing to happen, even if your periods have been normal you could still have been pregnant. The Link, http://www.birth.com.au/pregnancy/pregnancy-difficulties/miscarriage/inevitable-miscarriage?p=1#.UsVqfTbxuM8 Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, If you think you have missed your period, either do an HPT or get a test done at your doctors, ask about PCOD, this could be your problem with your periods. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi your best bet would be to do a home pregnancy test or get to your doctor, and let him/her give you some tests. I think this would be good advice, as you seem very worried. Good Luck  Hi I would get to your doctor or gyno, I think you have a mix of both, only some tests will show the correct answer to your problem. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, Then now is a good time to visit a women's health care provider. Together, you two can figure out what's triggering your infections and put a stop to the itching. Good Luck  Hi It could be the breast feeding, this can act as BC, But I think it may be best to wait till your body has settled down a bit longer and you have stopped breast feeding. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well its either just a missed period, or its the start of the menopause, so just get to your doctor, get a blood test done for your hormones and from this he/she should be able to tell you what's happening. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think like before, its just skipped period, and this could be from this extra work load you have been doing and including the exercise. If your not getting any pains, or any other signs. Just see how it goes. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi I found this piece of info, it should answer your question. The prevalence of pelvic endometriosis is high, affecting approximately 6% to 10% of women of reproductive age. Although endometriosis has been associated with the occurrence of menstrual cycles, it can affect between 2% to 5% of postmenopausal women. Your may find more info at this link. The Link http://www.jmedicalcasereports.com/content/3/1/135 Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Best you get to see your doctor or gyno ASAP this should not be happening. Good Luck  Hi, As daughter is just starting with her periods then you		could simply wait another year or so to see if they settle down into a		something closer to a four-weekly cycle. Its normal for young women to do this, there just erratic. Good Luck  Hi I found this link, which may help on one or two questions, http://www.myfitnesspal.com/topics/show/735908-mirena-iud-and-weight-gain Now as for the cyst increase you have not said were they are, but if your really worried about your problems, you could think about having it removed. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes you can, some women can get pregnant from anytime of the cycle and even before you period, as your now late you can either do a HPT or go see your doctor, and take it from there. If your looking for a way out, you could try the abortion pill. but its just a thought. After this, you should get on BC. Do hope this helps. good Luck  Hi Your Smart, 7 clear days will do, then your away to a happy trouble free sex life. Have fun. Good Luck  Hi Could be something or nothing. But if you thinking pregnancy, you will have to wait to see if you miss your next period, so you can do a test, either an HPT or at your doctors. If that's what you want? Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think the thing to do is wait to see if your period dose come at the right time, if not then do an HPT or a pregnancy test at your doctors. Brown blood means its old blood. See how it goes. Good Luck  Hi With a problem this bad, doctor ASAP or an ER. Good Luck  Hi So from what you saying you are under 18? Yes, but by how much? Its quite a common thing for your age to have skipped or missed periods, could go on for 6 months, or the only other way would be see your doctor for a pregnancy test, if you can do that without mum being there? or an HPT. You say you had protected sex, at any other time have you not? at any time has your b/f sperm got anywhere near your vagina? Seems that you are sexually active, then do you think its about time you was on some kind of BC, I would see you doctor on this. It would save all this stress your putting on yourself. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi IF each pack lasts 28 days, then what you were given, should in theory last until next April/May, so how can you be short. Are you not doing the placebo week, this is not good for your body, the reason behind this is so your don't keep pushing man made progestin and estrogen into your body your body needs this break. If your want to cut down on your period try the seasonale pill, going this way it would bring your periods down to 4 a year. Doing this would be far healthier for your body, its control that way. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Time to take a deep breath, just try and give it another week to see how thing go, just try relaxing would be the best thing for you, tension is not doing you any good, I know its hard for you, if you lose the tension this may just kick off your late period, don't forget hot baths, and get out walking, both of these should help as well. Do hope this little chat helps. Good Luck  Hi, Then its time to either see your doctor, or back to your gyno. have you thought of coming of the pill to see if it stops? may be the way to go till you sort things out. But its only a idea to come of the pill, that if your not sexually active. Good Luck  Hi, Ever heard of condoms, safe sex, birth control being the pill, then come here and ask if I'm pregnant, or what's the chances, there is every chance you can get pregnant if you don't just follow safe sex. Just remember some women can get pregnant from any day of the month, even having unprotected sex during there periods, and some need to be the right day and even down to the right second to get pregnant, its a whole minefield out there. For you give it a week then get a home test kit, and see. Good Luck  Hi First just when did he ejaculate inside you, like how many days ago, it could be just a skipped period, do you know if the patch can do that? Suggest you find info on the patch, read all about it, do some research, just what are the side effects, what are the chances of getting pregnant, why on it, and so on. But give it a few more days if it has not happened do an HPT or go to your doctor for one. Good Luck  Hi After 8 months I think you should know if your pregnant by that big bump in front of you. But if you have not had a period for 8 months then its time for you to get off to your doctor, 1, he can do a pregnancy test, or 2 he can sort out your period problem, or lack of them. But this would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi Have you tried being on the BC pill to regulate your periods? or doing some hormone therapy< also to regulate you. Hope this helps. Good Luck PC But it helps to say just where you are?  Hi I think you will have to put what's happening all down to rough sex a or perhaps the sex was a little bit to rough, that night. If this is the case then perhaps you should give it up, this way you get no troubles, unless you like it, then in future you need a word when shouted it means for him to stop, and use lots of lubrication, and always stop for more. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So after not having any periods for a year do you think your through the menopause? have you had a hormone test? The reaction your getting could be from your hormones being mixed up or low. I would go get a blood test to see how your hormones are doing, some HRT may help your problem. If you get another yeast infection, just try some warm sea salt baths for a week twice a day just two handfuls of sea salt each time, you let the water get inside your vagina. For more info just google sea salt and yeast infection. Do hope there's some help here. Good Luck  Hi So after not having any periods for a year do you think your through the menopause? have you had a hormone test? The reaction your getting could be from your hormones being mixed up or low. I would go get a blood test to see how your hormones are doing, some HRT may help your problem. If you get another yeast infection, just try some warm sea salt baths for a week twice a day just two handfuls of sea salt each time, you let the water get inside your vagina. For more info just google sea salt and yeast infection. Do hope there's some help here. Good Luck  Hi, Then I think its about time you went off to see your doctor, over your no period and breast development. As for the discharge, most healthy vaginas do have a discharge, so that's just being normal. Do hope you find an answer. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi IT could be Implantation Bleeding What does implantation bleeding look like? Implantation bleeding is vaginal discharge which usually contains a small amount of pinkish or brownish blood. Only about a third of pregnant women experience implantation bleeding. Hope this helps Good Luck  Hi Well Have you thought of seeing your doctor, get a test done there, and have an exam. It could be you getting sexually active, its just given your system a jolt, and skipping a couple of periods, your could be stressed, is your weight low or high, do you exercise a lot, these are some of the reasons your missing a period. Could even be your BC playing up. Hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi I found this nice piece of info that may help. Missed menstrual periods . About 2 out of 10 women stop having periods after 1 year of Mirena use. Your periods come back when Mirena is removed. If you do not have a period for 6 weeks during Mirena use, contact your healthcare provider to rule out pregnancy. Its from this site, http://www.thestayathomefeminist.com/2012/04/21/the-case-of-the-tiny-little-iud-vs-natural-urban-mama/ Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Some links that may help, but I think its just a waiting game till you body gets its act together. http://www.medhelp.org/posts/Womens-Health/how-soon-does-period-resume-after-iud-removal/show/27406 http://community.babycenter.com/post/a30415959/iud_removed_no_period_pregnant_help https://www.zocdoc.com/answers/2865/when-do-periods-return-after-removing-an-iud Just copy each one, and one at a time into google to open and read. Do hope you find your answer. Good Luck  Hi Trobin, It would have been nice to seen your age, as to whether your menopausal, but after 19 months does create some of a problem, have a read of this link, it may give you some ideas. But I think you should have seen your doctor or gyno around 13 months ago and not had waited this long as apart from being menopausal it could have had some other underlining problem. Do hope this you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, First have you done a pregnancy test? Because you can be pregnant and be happy, have no problems and feel fine. Or you could just be missing some periods, through lots of simple problems, stress can do it, being overweight or underweight. But this is something you should really see you doctor or gyno for and get tests done. Hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi This is some info I found for you, you may find that this helps. Increase your intake of soy by consuming soy milk, tofu or other soy products. Soy protein raises the body's levels of estrogen, the main female hormone, and this has a lowering effect on testosterone levels, Avoid eating cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli, cauliflower, radishes, turnips, cabbage and Brussels sprouts. These vegetables have all been shown to dramatically reduce estrogen levels, thereby raising testosterone levels, so avoiding them can support lowering your testosterone levels naturally Decrease your essential fatty acid, or EFA, consumption. Essential fatty acids come from sources such as peanuts, avocados, fish and nutritional oils like flax seed, olive and canola oils. These foods are a great way to naturally boost testosterone levels, so reducing their intake will encourage a lowering of testosterone, You can also reduce your sleep time down to 6 hours a night, A lack of sleep contributes to cortisol production, and this will lower your testosterone levels The next thing for you to do would be to google depo shot side effects, on there you will find lots of info that may help you get out of you problem. But please try and wean yourself of smoking, get out exercising and get on a healthy diet. These last 3 things will help you become the well women. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Although early could be the menopause kicking in, this would give you something to think about. If you have not tried one, have you thought of a home pregnancy test, just in case you have had unprotected sex of late. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Princess Well anal sex and getting pregnant, an outside chance but very outside, only if after you dribbled sperm over you vagina. Two things its either your body was put off but you having anal sex, if it was the first time, there's nothing wrong with having anal sex, lots of women love it as it still give them orgasms. Or your just having a missed period, it does happens. Could be stress, if you exercise, could be from that, lost any weight, could be from that as well. But if your still worried, do a HPT (home pregnancy test). But why cant you see your doctor on your own, what is said between you and him/her stays that way, being your now 18. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi On the whole no, but, there are the odd women who can get pregnant from anytime of the month and including days just before there periods, I can explain why, but its a written fact. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Ovulation and periods go together. In a healthy woman, they go hand-in-hand. However, in some cases, you can still ovulate without having a period . This come from this site, http://www.mypregnancybaby.com/ovulation-no-period/ You should find all the info you need there, just copy link into goole to open and read. Good Luck  Hi, Just stay with it, its only two days out, things should be OK, just keep going with your BC, and don't forget to use condoms in the first 7 days. It won't mess up your month - you'll just have your period a couple of days later than usual due to the two-day delay. Good Luck  Hi F, Well it seems you have done the right thing by using condoms, the only way the fail is dryness, as long as you g/f is a lucky lady and stays wet you should be OK, and she's on the BC pill as well, double protestion then, so cant see why your so worried then. If she miss's her period, then is the time to worry, but if she does miss her period you the do HPT, and hope it does not turn blue. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Its the miscarriage its put things out of whack, stopping and starting being heavy and not stopping. It may be a good idea that the BC pill may put things right, but it would be best if she see's her doctor over this, see if he/she feels the same, doing this would regulate things for her. give it 6 months if things come right, then get back to the baby game. Hope things work out. Good Luck  Hi Your problem could be from Plan B, it does tend to through periods off for some time, this could be the reason for you having a lighter period. But if your still worried go see your doctor and get a pregnancy test done. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi When its comes to women being pregnant, it can happen all sorts of ways even when on BC, but if you mean an IUD then it does get a bit tricky, it means it must have slipped out a bit for it to happen. But it is possible for a women to be pregnant and still have a period or periods, even if it sounds odd. I think the best thing for you would be see your doctor and get a test done there. Hope this helps a bit. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi So the real first question would be why go on them in the first place, you obviously wanted the protection of the BC pill. So your now on it and through, what some gossip you want to come of it? why not google the BC pill side effects first, your find lots to read, if you have irregular periods then they will resolve that problem, get you settled in to a regular pattern, give great protection from getting pregnant, save all those worries. But please have a good read then decide. Good Luck  Hi These BC pills are they the kind that stop your periods? from what your saying they could be, you could google them to find out. But here's a link that may help you find the right info you need. http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/birth-control-pill/WO00098 Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, You need to just suit back a not get to tensioned over it, it is quite possible for women to skip a period, without any problems, miss 3 in a row the get worried and off to your doctor, just try relaxing in a hot bath, try and let your troubles drift away, and perhaps it may start your period. Just remember, the more tension you put on yourself, the harder it will be. Just relax. Good Luck  Hi This is from on sile, its a link just click on it. http://www.webmd.com/drugs/drug-4575-Metrogel+Vaginal+Vagl.aspx?drugid=4575&drugname=Metrogel+Vaginal+Vagl If its still giving you a problem, the simple thing is to stop using it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well if he went back in the second time after ejaculating, then there would have been sperm in is urethra, and bingo you could now pregnant, if you have missed your period? then get a test done either an HPT or at your doctors. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have a read of this link, you should find it very useful with its help. The Link, http://www.sisterzeus.com/Parsley.htm Just copy this link into google to open and read, just to the www. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes you can go through a pregnancy having periods, but these are not regular periods there shorter, like 3 days. You could be having a phantom pregnancy, you get all the symptoms and a bump, but no baby. Do you know what part of your cycle you were at when you had unprotected sex? it would have needed to have been 3 to 4 before day 14 of your cycle, after that very chancy of getting pregnant, but have you not been having sex since then? If you want to answer? just come back through, answer this, above.  Hi, As you now have your period then the chance are no? There are things you have to think about, that some women can go through there pregnancy having there periods,, its one thing to put at the back of your mind. But if your that worried, wait till your period has stopped, if your still thinking your pregnant go and get a test done. Hope some of this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Just to be on the safe side either go get tested or do one yourself, just in case you don't want a child, but be quick, as your still in the time frame to abort. But please remember some pills are not 100% proof, this may account for the hiccup like having a period, and there could have been a problem with your pills? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If this period of unprotected sex was around or just before the 7th of July, give or take the odd day each way, yes you could be pregnant. But you will have to wait till your next period is due, if it comes then you could not be pregnant, if it dose not then its time to get a test done, either an HPT or see your doctor and get one done there. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes They say, male sperm could live long enough for you to get pregnant on ovulation day, which is around day 14 of your cycle, give or take a day. So all you can do is to see if you miss your next period, then get a test done, either an HPT or at your doctors. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It reads take 4 orange pills 12 hours after unprotected sex and 4 more 12 hours later, nothing abut food either before or after. But don't you think its a bit late asking this question now? Have you had your period yet? so did this Aug 26 period happen, if not its time to get a pregnancy test, I would do this at your doctors Hope this help you. Good Luck PS If for some unknown reason your not pregnant, see you doctor about BC protection, either the pill, IUD the ring, the implant, but keep away from depo shot, just to many side effects.  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Try this just try taken the pills as they say, try it for 3 months, and see how it goes, this could be your problem, your not letting your body work the way it should. What your doing is what should be done for a holiday, so you don't get a period for only that time, then it back to normal, but 3 years! Good Luck  HI It would be best if you go see a gyno for advice and help. Its about the best advice you can get. Good Luck  Hi, Most women with menorrhagia dont know that heavy bleeding is not normal  it is a recognized medical condition for which they can seek treatment. Many women think that bleeding heavily for 4 to 5 days or changing their pad every hour is something they have to live with. Sorry not American, but you do need help, there must be some kind of free clinic, or even the ER, they should not turn you away, even if its just for advice. But there must be something somewhere you can find medical help. Hope this helps. Good Luck PS Have a look at this link, http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/ive-had-my-period-three-straight-months just copy into google to read it.  Hi, Most women with menorrhagia dont know that heavy bleeding is not normal  it is a recognized medical condition for which they can seek treatment. Many women think that bleeding heavily for 4 to 5 days or changing their pad every hour is something they have to live with. Sorry not American, but you do need help, there must be some kind of free clinic, or even the ER, they should not turn you away, even if its just for advice. But there must be something somewhere you can find medical help. Hope this helps. Good Luck PS Have a look at this link, http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/ive-had-my-period-three-straight-months just copy into google to read it.  Hi Try taken warm sea salt baths for twice a day for a couple of days see if it helps, the odour your getting could be a slight yeast infection, the sea salt in good at curing yeast infections. Goggle sea salt and yeast infections, or sea salt and the vagina. Have a look at this site, lots of helpful hints, all by women. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just google it to read it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, If this erection has been going on and you still have it, then get to an ER ASAP Then blood needs to be released ASAP Good Luck  Hi Try taken warm sea salt baths for twice a day for a couple of days see if it helps, the odour your getting could be a slight yeast infection, the sea salt in good at curing yeast infections. Goggle sea salt and yeast infections, or sea salt and the vagina. Have a look at this site, lots of helpful hints, all by women. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just google it to read it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well its either off to your doctor, or if you have one near, try a STD/GUM Clinic, if you have one near could be your best bet, there staff will be very helpful, but as I'm from the UK and live in Greece so know nothing about charges. But please seek some good help. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi You will have to wait to see if you miss your next period, if you do then get tested, its just a waiting game. But for me your app could be a tage out, ovulation day shoud be around 14 days after the first day of your period give or take the odd days, and you b/f would have needed to have had sex around 2 to 3 days before that, its takes our men 3 days to reach your egg. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, Some women due to hormonal influence, may experience spotting or bloody-mucous discharge a few days before starting menstruation. Recent birth control changes, significant weight changes may contribute to this but it is best to see your gyno to be safe, especially if you are sexually active. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Blood in stools and blood in urine, just get to your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi It is possible to skip periods, unless this is something you do regular? If its this last bit I would see you doctor or gyno. Have you ever been on the BC pill? Take it you have been having unprotected sex then? as you want to get pregnant. How long have you been trying. If you want to answer, use, answer this, above.  Hi First question would be ever thought of BC, as it seems you do like unprotected sex? I think it would be to go see your doctor, you could be pregnant, but I don't think so, but then you have to think some women can be pregnant and still have periods. But see your doctor for better advice and tests. If your not pregnant, see your doctor about BC that would suit you. Good Luck  Hi I don't think you can, that's why they call it a cycle, it works like this, every 28 days you have a cycle, so many days of losing blood, the rest are free days from bleeding yes, well but that's life for a women tell she's mid 50s. But if its for sexual reasons, you can still have sex, but always remember safe sex is best, if you not on BC the pill, don't forget the condom. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sometimes breast can do this, but as for being pregnant, if you have missed your last period then get tested either an HPT or at your doctors. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of doing a home pregnancy test, or doing one through your doctor, just because have PCOS, there is still the chance of one egg getting through, but that could pose problems if its a ectopic pregnancy. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So you have had two episodes of having a period? Yes, then you need to see either your doctor or your gyno, sounds like you hormones could be out of whack. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just Google the side effects of depo shot, there must be an answer there, I know women do have a lot of problems with this BC drug and coming of it. Good Luck  Hi Its the Plan B, it can do this your find its put your period back a few days. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  H Danielle, Its a simple thing, you just take one pill the same time every day, so your saying this simple thing that protects you from getting pregnant you cant do. The only thing you can do now is stop taken them, use condoms for sex, and see if your next period starts, hopefully, if not go get a PT at your doctor, and take from there to either keep it or get rid of it. Don't let people pressure you, end of the day its your body, your mind. go your way. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi For some women it has to be in the fertile days of the month, for others it can be anytime of the month, even having sex during there periods, and pre cum can have male eggs in it. When your having unprotected sex, its a mine field, lots of danger, please be careful, what ever your doing do it safe, either get on BC or use a condom. Good Luck  Hi Have you done a pregnancy test? And I think if you read up about it, that you can still be pregnant after a period, the thing was the a full blown period or was it just some bleeding, but go see your doctor and get a proper test done. Good Luck  Hi So yes you can get skipped periods, or you could be under weight, over weight, you could be stressed, or intense athletic activity. And not forgetting could be early menopause, for this get a blood test for your hormones, this will tell were you are, if just in case. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi after doing a lot of reading, I think its because you androgens are low, as in most its high, but if its low you get low libido, read the link below. The Link, http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/bhcv2/bhcarticles.nsf/pages/Androgen_deficiency_in_women But some how just cant find any info to back that bit up, perhaps somebody else will help. Or talk to your doctor about it? Good Luck  Hi Just take a trip to your doctor let him examine you, he can also do a test as well, could answer all your questions in one go. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do it get a test kit, men's sperm is dangerous stuff and should not be played with near a vagina, you must remember this is the place its looking for, and wants to get there, next time, if there is a next time, just make him wear a condom, our get yourself some BC protection. Good Luck  Hi, OK its simple, you just get your doctor to do a blood test for your hormones, and from this he should be able to tell if your right. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi JR, Tricky question, some women can get pregnant from any time of the cycle, and even just before there period starts? why others it needs to be the right day hour and minute. If you have had unprotected sex, the she may get pregnant, if your women is not on any form BC, you should always use condoms, its called being responsible. Good Luck  Hi so you know how your cycle works YES day 1 being first day of your period, well day 14 give or take a day is ovulation day, so you need to have unprotected sex around day 8/9 it takes male sperm 3 days to reach your womb, and sperm can live in you womb for up to 10 days max. So you ovulate after the sperm will be there waiting. If you get spotting around day 21 then you should be pregnant. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck. PS Look throw away the test kits, just leave it to nature, relax take a deep breath, your get pregnant when your body is ready, outside of that get a sperm test done, you never know?  Hi Well you could now be in the menopause and ti find this out you do need a blood test for your hormones, its only from this will you find out, or read up about the menopause symptoms. Or the only other thing would be get a pregnancy test done either an HPT or again at a doctor, or try a free clinic for both tests. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi ON boy the depo shot question, ok you can google how long after depo shot to get pregnant, I think your find it could be around 2 years, and you should even some after that time still have not got pregnant. Perhaps not the answer you wanted. Good Luck  Hi Even though your 48, I do hope you still practice safe sex? But for you I would go see a doctor, could be you time for the menopause, it about the right time. Good Luck Keep up your sexual side, very good for you.  Hi Been having any unprotected sex then? if so you should get to your doctor and get a pregnancy test done, ASAP and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi So do you mean your still bleeding? please get to your doctor or ER ASAP If it was a miscarriage, it should not hurt any future chances of getting pregnant, the thing that may help you now would be a D and C its just a small op to clean out your womb, after that give it a couple on months and try again. Don't worry, its just natures way of getting rid of unwanted rubbish. Take it your young and healthy. Good Luck  Hi, Unfortunately the answer is yes, some women can get pregnant even before there period and any other time, were as some other women its needs to be the right day, hour or even minute to get pregnant, so its either stick with it and get tested, or find the other way out of it. How does your boyfriend fill, dose he give you a funny look if you hum the wedding march, do you feel like be coming a mum yet, if not it would be best to seek an abortion then, save all the problems. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If this is toxic shock syndrome from using tampons, its best you seek medical attention ASAP, it would be best for you. If you still using tampons take it out now and change to a pad. It would be best for you, but TSS can be serious, please go seek help. Good Luck  Hi If you had a one day period it could have been implantation Bleeding. What does implantation bleeding look like? Implantation bleeding is vaginal discharge which usually contains a small amount of pinkish or brownish blood. Only about a third of pregnant women experience implantation bleeding. Now if this is what you have had then you should think about getting tested, and getting in touch with who could be the father, Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, The answer could be yes, it works like this, some women can only get pregnant on the two fertile days of the month, for others anytime, even having unprotected sex during there period, If you don't want to get pregnant then get on BC or use condoms. Good Luck  Hi This sex was it protected or unprotected? are you not on BC? and do you want to get pregnant? Are you having any signs of pregnancy, usual things, cramps, back ache, breast swelling or some small bleeding? Or it could be just a missed period. But have you done an HPT or been to your doctors yet for a test, this would help. Hope something here helps. Good luck  Hi, Lets take it step at a time, yes some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month and including having unprotected sex the day before there period, its a funny world we live in, but you can read up about this. But as for who the father is, for that you will need blood tests, on both of your guys, and some how one wont be the father. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, See your doctor or gyno, you may need a D&C, if you look at the piece below it says n about most of your problem's. Dilatation and curettage (D&C) can be used to diagnose and treat a number of different conditions. When D&C is used to help diagnose a condition, a tissue sample (biopsy) may be taken for testing in a laboratory. This diagnostic approach may used if you have: abnormal bleeding irregular periods spotting (a slight loss of blood through the vagina that does not relate to menstruation) bleeding after sex bleeding after the menopause fertility problems adenomyosis (where the inner lining of the womb grows inside the middle layer, causing pain, cramps and bleeding) Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sound like you getting a reaction to the BC pills, it would be best see you doctor and change brands of even the hormone type. But if your still having sex I do hope you using condoms? Use these till your back on a BC pill. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If this was unprotected sex then yes, you could be pregnant, is this what you want then? Even if you used condoms there is a 2% chance of getting pregnant. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes you cam get pregnant, and you can go to plan B, its a morning after pill, but don't know how this would mix with you being on your period though. Good luck  Hi its a common thing amongst women, is this blood around day 14 of your cycle? if so that's ovulation day, some women do get some bleeding then. But if your concerned try seeing your doctor or gyno, to seek more help and answers. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Google the side effects of depo shot, your find all the answers you need and some you may not want to see, but if I'm right the last time you ovulated was before you went on depo shot, that's why your on it, it stops you eggs from falling, hence stops you getting pregnant. Good Luck  Hi Not having periods gives a problem, as its best to test on the first day of a missed period. So if your still worried get to your doctor and get a test done there. And your taste buds, could be Dysgeusia ( bad taste problem), your find comes from hormone changes, so you could be that 1% pregnant. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Apart from the discharge, the rest of your problems could relate to early menopause, the only way you can sort that bit out would be to get a blood test done, this would show were your hormones are, its were your hormones are that will tell you whole you doing. The discharge may just be from your last period. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, They call it abnormal vicinal bleeding has many possible causes. By itself, it does not necessarily indicate a serious condition. I would just keep going with your BC and see how things go on your next cycle for now. But any more problems like this one see your doctor or gyno. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of just coming of it, for a couple of months or longer to see what happens, but don't forget to use condoms if your sexually active. If your periods come back and are normal, just try going back on the first strength you were on, see how things go. Good Luck  Hi This should help you, http://www.webmd.com/sex/birth-control/birth-control-depo-provera . Good Luck  Hi OK you need to wait to the next first day of your next period, to do another test, this day is the best day, see how it goes and take it from there doctor and so forth. But it could be just a skipped period? Good Luck  Hi Things would depend how sexually active you was during the change over? was you not told to use condoms till the pills kicked in. So now it would be best if you took a pregnancy test or get your doctor to do one. Good Luck  Hi They say to test on the first day of your next missed period, so from what you have said try, in say2 to 3 days, just try an HPT and see how it goes. Good Luck  Hi I would have suggested you throw away the pack and restart with your next period. But you have chucked in some complications, the answer is its your call, its up to you what direction you go in, the problem being you could not tell if you pregnant till you miss you next period, that's the time to test, if you was testing before that's why they were coming up negative. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I found this bit on the side effects of you IUD, Side effects associated with ParaGard include: Anemia Backache Bleeding between periods Cramps Inflammation of the vagina (vaginitis) Pain during sex Severe menstrual pain and heavy bleeding Vaginal discharge So as you can see there can be bleeding between periods. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You say sex 7 days before your period, OK first question, did you get that period then? and the other thing is that if yours is a 28 day period? if yes, then you were 7 days out, why day 14 is ovulation day give or take a day, and you would have needed to have sex two days before then, why, it take 3 days for male sperm to reach your egg and your egg only lives for two days. As for you brown discharge, if you skipped your period, it could be from that. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK keep to pads till your period is over, it could be a yeast infection causing your problem, ok 3 ways you can go over the counter drugs, see you doctor for a test and meds, or natural methods for these googel, Sea salt and yeast infection Boric acid and " " " Garlic and " " " Have a read of these two links, http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html http://www.naturecures.co.uk/fungi.htm Just copy each one into google to open and read. Do hope the helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I think your find the two are connected, a women's temperature will rise as your period starts, so if you get hives when you get hot, then now you can see how there connected. Look, have a look of eartclinic.com you may find an answer there to correct your body temperature, could even be ACV. Do hop this helps. Good Luck  Hi See your doctor, he/she could put you on the BC pill for a few months, as this would help regulate your periods. Do hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi Did you mean a white discharge? how would you know its white blood? You have not said but have we tried doing an HPT or had a pregnancy test at the doctor? if not do you think this would help all your searching. But I think its about time you went to your doctor, let him/her have a look at you to be on the safe side. This would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi Wait until you have missed your next period, then do a test then or get your doctor to do one for you. Good Luck  Hi Beachbaby, not used this or know anybody who has but earthclinic does throw up some good answers http://www.earthclinic.com/supplements/noni2.html This link come from this. Oct 27, 2014 ... ... Weakness and Lower Back Pain , GERD for Noni Juice remedies. ... blueberry or black cherry (organic) juice and it has a very nice taste. Just copy the link into google to the www. To open and read. Hope it helps with the info your looking for. Good Luck  Hi, They say if you restart your periods, its best to go see your doctor, ASP. Good Luck  Hi I found this little bit of information, I think this shows why. Ovulation occurs about midway through the menstrual cycle, after the follicular phase, and is followed by the luteal phase. Note that ovulation is characterized by a sharp spike in levels of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), resulting from the peak of estrogen levels during the follicular phase. I think your find this is why your hair get better, perhaps you need some kind of hormone replacement therapy. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you have missed your last period, then get to your doctor and get a test done there, its the best way to go. And then at the right time you can get in for a scan. Good Luck  Hi Yes just do that, your be OK, as it does not hurt if you skip a day then double up, your just doing it in reverse. Good Luck  Hi Well taken ECP or Plan B, should get you out of your problem. Look as men we love nothing better than riding bare back, ok its great, its how sex should be done, but as you have now found out the hard way, our sperm gives big problems that why condoms were made, and BC was the big success it is. So if this is the way you want to go ahead then get your g/f or some kind of birth control, the pill, the ring or the cap, but if she thinks of depo shot, do have a good read about the side effects first, just google depo shot side effects, lots to read. Do hope you have some help here. Good Luck  Hi Well it could just be a missed period, it happens even at 43, yes go see your doctor, and get a blood test done, this would be to get your hormones checked from this it would tell you if your coming into the menopause. But your could get a pregnancy test done as well, you never know? But if you don't want to get pregnant why take the chance and not being on any BC? Dose this help. Good Luck  Hi I would think it would be down to the feed back he was getting from you, and to see if your were getting any kind of an erection, if that's what he was looking for by giving you this massage. Or do you think he was enjoying it, the thing was you? Did it work? did you get an erection? If its yes, yes, what kind of answer are you looking for? Good Luck  Hi, So lets take pre-cum, by itself it's ok , but if you b/f had an ejectulation then the could have been sperm in his urethra, then if that was the case then you could be pregnant. You seem to be having the signs. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well as you had your period on August 1st, then around day 14 would have been your ovulation day, give or take a day , so have sex 2 to 7 days before that would have done it, its takes male sperm 3 days to reach your womb, and can live for up to 10 days max. So 2 weeks would be about right then, your doctor would be basing his from your last period date so yes he's right. But dose it really matter when unless your not married and trying to workout who the father is by this calculation? Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I would think it would be down to the feed back he was getting from you, and to see if your were getting any kind of an erection, if that's what he was looking for by giving you this massage. Or do you think he was enjoying it, the thing was you? Did it work? did you get an erection? If its yes, yes, what kind of answer are you looking for? Good Luck  Hi, It would probable be best to get some blood works done for your hormones when this starts, then they should be able to get a fix on your problem, sounds like there just getting a bit mixed up and out of whack. Good Luck  Hi If you mean you had sex, cant you just say so? and just how old are you then? The best thing would be to wait and see if you miss your next period, if so then get a test done, But you should be more responsible when having sex, never heard of condoms or birth control, try it, it works. Good Luck  Hi See Answer Above  Hi, OK some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month even during there period, the only way you find out is if you miss your next period, if you do, get a test done then. Unless this was within the last 72 hours, you could try a plan B. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Go get a pregnancy test ASAP, it could be that or its just a skipped or missed period. Gd Lk  Hi If your dates are right then you could be, but you must add in that it takes 3 days for male sperm to reach your womb, and that fertile days can be a couple of days either way, you have to remember your body is not a clock. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just one ,ore thing you could find of interest its from the UK's Daily Mail. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2738192/Why-EVERY-woman-moans-size-breasts-The-late-NORA-EPHRON-razor-sharp-writer-When-Harry-Met-Sally-Now-Mail-s-serialising-joyous-collection-wittiest-work.html Just copy this link into google to open and read Just enjoy what you going to read, see your not the only one. Good Luck  Hi If you google the side effects of depo shot, or trying to get pregnant after depo shot. If I remember right from doing research, some women have taken up to 2 full years waiting for there systems to kick back in. Its a funny thing depo shot some women just love it the rest hate it, to many bad side effects. Good Luck  Hi Could be just a skipped period, they do happen, could be from stress, could be from meds your on, could be from underweight or overweight. Have you done an HPT or been to a doctor for a test yet? All these would help you. Good Luck  Hi, Here's a bit of info I found, its interesting, being it's about re-cum. Can I get pregnant from pre-cum? Pre-cum or pre-ejaculatory fluid to call it by it's correct name is a clear fluid that appears on the tip of the penis when a man has an erection and is sufficiently sexually excited. It is a common misconception that this fluid is semen that has leaked out before the main ejaculation. This is incorrect because this fluid is produced by something called the Cowper gland and it's purpose is to flush out the penis before ejaculation. So can you get pregnant from pre-ejaculatory fluid (pre-cum)? Well...... as this fluid does not contain sperm it can't by itself cause a pregnancy. However as the purpose of this fluid is to flush out the penis it will bring any sperm left in the penis from the last ejaculation to the tip of the penis. If this happens that small amount of sperm could cause a pregnancy. If the man has urinated since his last ejaculation the urine would have flushed out and killed any left over sperm in the penis which means in this case a pregnancy wouldn't happen. The Safest thing is to assume that an erect penis is always capable of causing a pregnancy even before an ejaculation so cover it with a condom before it comes in contact with the vagina. Good Luck  Hi , Yes you can get pregnant from having unprotected sex and that's a fact, and for some unknown reason the odd women can get pregnant from having unprotected sex any time of the month. Its male sperm, it can live inside the womb for a few days, far longer than a female egg can. And that's it your pregnant. But on an outside chance, you will have to see if you get your next period, but even then still get a pregnancy test done. Do hope this helps you? Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi So from what your saying your trying to get pregnant? Then you need to have unprotected sex around two days before your ovulation day. OK your futile for two days and it takes male sperm three days to reach your egg, see it all down to timing for some women, and others can get pregnant from anytime of the month. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, I think you should get a pregnancy test, it is possible to have light periods and be pregnant. I think the would be a good place for you to start. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you was on depo shot for 6 years,, if you read up the side effects of depo shot, then it could take up to two years before things get back to normal. Just google, depo shot side effects and coming of depo shot, it will all become very clear to you. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Was It cut and tied or just tied, they can come untied? don't quite know how but if you read up on they do. The only thing you can do is wait to see if you miss your next period, if so then the time to get tested either HTP or at your doctors. Then if pregnant you can decide which way you want to go. Good Luck  Hi Well you will have to wait to see if you miss you next period, if so then this is the time to get either an HPT done or get a test done at your doctors, its only then you will find out. Are see just reread above so get to your doctor then. On the down side it could be just a missed period, they do happen from time to time, possible. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Could be just a thing with you, perhaps an imbalance that's why the PH soap works, but try shaving if you don't, get rid of those beastie hairs would be a good start just in case you don't shave, try washing twice a day with sea salt water, in a hand basin use just a desert spoonful, see how you get on. As this has been going on for so long, a drastic way would be just before going to bed, cut a garlic clove in half and smear this round the inside of the folds, be warned it may smart for a bit then go off, you may even taste garlic in your mouth, its the way it works through your body. This is just an idea from things for yeast infection and BV that like yours wont go away, but they do with either of these. Do hope it helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi OK it could be just the change over, could be just a skipped period, or by some fluke your pregnant. Have you done a HPT yet or been and seen your doctor for a test?? Only these will tell. Good Luck  Hi Yes why not, it may help the missed period start, unless your pregnant, but even then sex during pregnancy wont hurt, as long as you get in a comfortably position. Are you just missing periods? if this goes on to long and your not pregnant, get to your doctor or gyno. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi A lot would depend on this, you say he touched your hole with his penis, was this before oral sex or after, did you take him all the way to ejaculation with oral? if he touched your whole then there could have been some transfer of sperm, but it would be an outside chance of you getting pregnant. But then you have done the right thing by taken Plan B. so with this I think its best you wait till you have your period, if you do, give a big sigh. But then you get yourself on BC but not depo shot, just google depo shot side effects, to see why. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See the answer above.  Hi See the answer above.  Hi, I think your find it may take some time, if this was 30 years solid with no breaks. But then if you have started you menopause early, that could also be another reason. You could do yourself a favour and go get a blood test, that would tell you if its started, and show up any other problems. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You should go see a gyno, get it sorted. Good Luck  Hi OK I think the best thing you should do is go see your doctor, let him/her go through things with you, but the best thing you can have done is a blood test for your hormones, by getting this done it should show your doctor were you are and if your going into menopause. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your just find its a skipped period, your have put some stress on your body for the last month, with Ramadan, so just sit back and wait, you should find things fall back into place and your body will be ok, and getting pregnant will be no problem. Hope this eases your mind, just enjoy the rest of your celebrations. Good Luck  Hi Try this then, get it shaved, have a hubby get him to do it, he will love doing that for you, but only shave downwards, that way you get no itching from the hairs, then try taken warm sea salt baths twice a day if you can, you only need enough water to cover your vagina, the sea salt should help clear away what you have, its good for vaginal problems, BV or yeast infections and lots more. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi They say douching is not a very good thing for the vagina, but I would try a nice warm sea salt bath twice a day if you can, let the water get inside you, like you would if you were swimming naked, sea salt is a very good at curing things in the vagina. Good Luck  Hi Meant to have come back yesterday after doing research on an other post. In your clotted blood did you notice what would look like tissue amongst it? if its yes then it was a miscarriage. Did your doctor ask this question? Good Luck  Hi No get back to your doctor, get a blood test done, you may find its stopped working. Good Luck  Hi I think your find its your IBS affecting your hormones, and this then upsets your periods or stops them like yours. There's lots of info going the other way but not much, but I think your find I'm on the right trail, by writing this. But I will come back to you soon. Good Luick  Hi, OK well if your next period which should be now? yes, then go do a test either an HPT or at your doctors, this then takes all the guessing out of it. But your be pleased to know my wife thinks yes. So, test off you go. Good Luck  Hi, Dose sound like your having problems, have you thought of seeing a gyno, but just in case your not pregnant, you could try going on BC for say 6 months to regulate your periods, it could help you over your problems wioth these periods of yours. Hope this helps you and hubby. Good Luck  Hi OK Think of this, how long before this happened did you last ejaculate, and did you urinate in between, if yes then its a pretty low chance, but she could do a pregnancy test as she is due for her period. Hope this helps. Good Luck PS, Do yourself a favour and your g/f, get some sex education, go to www.dodsonandross.com your find lots of info all about sex, there is lots of stuff to read up about just for people like you.  Hi If your now getting bright red blood then get off to your doctor or gyno ASAP Good Luck  Hi In doing research for you, have found these two answers. One, is to leave it for one more cycle, if you don't get a period get your BC pills changed over. The Second was this, as you have missed two periods, stop taken them and go see your doctor ASAP Do hope this helps you, but it is possible there just two skipped or missed periods. Good Luck  Hi Its quite east for women to miss the odd period,. it could be just as simple as that, if you get to the point of missing 3 and you show negative on pregnancy tests, then would be the time to see your doctor or gyno. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi have you been stressed in this 14 days, stress lower your hormones and this triggers another period. If its just the once just put it behind you, if it carry's on see either your doctor or gnyo. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi And the reason your on BC is?  Hi, Its quite possible for a women's body to skip a period or two, frustrating but a fact, could be just this. Good Luck  Hi There is a problem with them coming untied, if you now thinking you may be pregnant then go get a test done, if your not after the test then would be the time to ask why your periods are getting shoter. OK quick research shows that periods do get shorter with tied tubes. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Go see your doctor, he/she may put you on the BC pill to get you back on a regular pattern, but this would also save you keep taken the plan B pill which is giving you this problem, the BC pill sits well with PCOS, so that should give you no problems. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Because you have a ovary cyst, you should see your doctor ASAP, if you start to get pains or bad pains, get to an ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi you don't change it every 21 days, you take it out on day 21, you have your period, which I think they allow 7 fays for and then you put in a new ring, and around you go again. So why 18 days? Good Luck  Hi Your first day is when the blood start to flow, not spotting. Most periods are 28 days, but if your from 24 days or up to 35 days, your still normal, and should be no mare than 4 to 5 table spoons. If your periods are heavy, see your doctor/gyno, there is help. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Then now would be a good time, if you have been having unprotected sex ant trying to get pregnant, if not it could just be a skipped period. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, So you think it was some kind of magic sperm, OK your talking pre-cum yes you can get pregnant from it, the answer could be, but he would need to be inside you for this to happen as there is only a small amount of sperm in it? that's if he masturbated and did not pass urine before seeing you. OK that was step one, now step two,as for this passing through boxer shorts, jeans and then getting on to your hand for you then after sometime wait for you to go to the bathroom, its just to much for a sperm to get there. OK as for your period being late, it is possible for women to skip a period at some time, without being pregnant. One last thing, have you thought of getting on some kind of BC, the pill, the ring or the cap, now as for depo shot, google depo shot side effects before you go down that street. So do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Well you either have a problem that you should see your doctor/gyno about, or its just a small hi-up in you cycle, so its either to the doctor/gyno, or wait and see how it progress's. Good Luck  Hi, You have not said when you last had unprotected sex? but for Plan B you only have a 72 hour window it which to take it. But your not doing yourself any good by missing your daily BC pill, you must get into the habit, same time same place every day, do it that way it becomes like clockwork. Not doing that your playing with dynamite not doing so, its men's sperm it has a very bad habit of going of, if you don't respect it, bang and your pregnant. Please remember, clockwork. Good Luck  Hi I borrowed this from sharecare ,com. I think your find its a very good answer, then Patricia is a nurse, please read on. Patricia Geraghty, NP, Advanced Practice Nursing, answered  Hi when you last period should have been, so now will do. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The answer your looking for is very mixed, some say its straight away why others say it its anything from 2 to 6 months, so with what your saying, if you know when you next period is to be, wait and do a HPT then or get your doctor to do one. Its about the only real way to do it, would may more sense than trying to guess. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If your next period does not happen then do it then. Good Luck  Hi Your HCG will only rise after implantation has happened, so that's that one out of the way. The reason for no period symptoms could its just a skipped period, it happens to lots of women, sometimes at the wrong time, as with you now. one more out of the way. If your cycle is a 28 day cycle, so day one first day of your period? yes, ok then day 14 give or take a day, is ovulation day, now you need to have unprotected sex 4 days before this, reason it takes sperm 3 days to reach your womb and can live the for 5,7 or 10 days max, this means its sitting there just waiting for you egg. Get this working you should get pregnant, but no matter what length your period is, its always day 14. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If its bright red blood, then yes you should be worried, just get to your doctor or gyno. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, From what your saying, your period could be a couple more days away as ovulation day is around day 14, and your saying that was around 11 days ago if your cycle is 28 days, so means a coup[le more days yet. But with what your saying I would see your doctor or if you have one your gyno, sounds like something is going on that should not be. Good Luck  Hi Your find why your breast feeding, your on your own BC and this could be the answer to your low libido. I think your find depo shot would do what you want, but it can have some real bad side effects, just google depo shot side effects, your find out just what I mean. I know for women, its a big a monthly bind, but that's life, for women. I think if you want the perfect life, just stay as you are, that way you stay as drug free as you can. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just found your question, Have a good read on this link to earthclinic, see how you get on, you never know something there could help you. The Link, http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/polycystic_ovary_syndrome.html Just copy into google to open and read, if need just the first bit. Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi Having unprotected sex always carry's the danger of getting pregnant, whether he ejectulates inside you or no, as there is always the chance of sperm being carried in pre-cum. So the best thing you can do is either do a HPT or go see your doctor and get tested there. Good Luck  Hi Could be just a skipped period, but if you that worried then do a HPT or get a test at your doctors, this way you will know for sure. Its called piece of mind. Good Luck  Hi If your on a standard BC pill in 28 to the pack its when you take the placebo pills, your period should kick in, unless you on this new 3 month pill the you don't get a period, which some women just love, or on depo shot periods can go, or the Mirena IUD the because of the hormones your periods would stop. Is any of this help. Good Luck  Hi OK you have missed your last period? yes, so time to either do a HPT or get a pregnancy test done at your doctors, if at your doctors and if its positive, you can start the ball rolling why your there, set up a scan and the rest that follows, your doctor will tell you all about what will follow. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just sit and wait, for a couple more days then get a doctors test done. But they do say things may be a bit off for a couple of months, you need to let your system get back together and working regular. You should have done this before having unprotected sex. Hope this helps Good Luck  Hi If you had unprotected sex at that time, you could be. The best thing is to go and get tested, this way would be your best way to go. Good Luck  Hi Well if as you say have not had sex, and is this since you come off the pill? then if so it you could be having just a skipped period, it happens. But if you need to have sex till it restarts then there are condoms, just buy a packet, and when your period restarts get back on the BC pill, and always make sure you have the next pack way before you need it, or should say packs, always try to keep a couple of months in front. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sorry being English I got the dates round the wrong way, I was thinking 1st December, again sorry for my mix up, in that case yes your just waiting. Good Luck  Hi, Hi Found this in the Mayo clinic, may help one part of your problem with what you have. Complications of pregnancy Marfan syndrome can weaken the walls of the aorta, the main artery that leaves the heart. During pregnancy, a woman's heart is pumping more blood than usual, and this can put extra stress on a woman's aorta  which increases the risk of a deadly dissection or rupture. But I think a test ASAP would be the way to go. Good Luck  Hi It would help if we knew just why you was taken the antibiotics? But if you trying to get pregnant, then having unprotected sex on day 14 wont work, as day 14 is ovulation day, give or take a day. Reason it takes 3 days for male sperm to reach the womb, so you need to think unprotected sex around day 8 so the sperm is there waiting for your egg, sperm can live in the womb for about 10 days max. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi For a start any sign of blood in your urine, you should go and see your doctor ASAP So start there. Good Luck  Hi So try an obstetrician then, its an other alley could try going down for help. Good Luck  Hi Your find its 99% why your using it, and your find your your research is correct. Good Luck  Hi, If I was you, I would not be sitting around looking for answers, you would best getting off to your gyno, and let him/her try and sort out your problems, seems something is amiss. Good Luck  Hi, Look its no big thing to miss a moth at your age, if you miss two then get to your doctor, but for now I think now do not worry, but as you say could just be down to stress. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Some women get skipped, absent or just missed periods, what ever, it just one of those things, and just happens like that. Do hope his helps you Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Try this its very simple, you go to your doctor, gets some tests done, and let him/her work it from the for you. It would be the best way to go. You need to do this. Good Luck  Hi Well the manufacture states nothing in the web page, and my how takes another brand as were English, says it should be ok as some people take this kind of meds the whole year through. So just keep taken the pills. Good Luck  Hi Questions would be like are you on any kind of BC, been on any meds that would cause that to happen, being underweight. The medical name for absent periods is amenorrhoea. PCOS would do that, a condition which can mean your ovaries do not regularly release an egg. Hypothalamic amenorrhoea, where the part of the brain that regulates the menstrual cycle stops working properly (thought to be triggered by excessive exercise, excessive weight loss and stress) Hyperprolactinamia, where a person has abnormally high levels of a hormone called prolactin in their blood Premature ovarian failure, where the ovaries stop working properly in women who have not yet reached the age of natural menopause (usually from 50 years of age) Hope this helps your and your problem. Good Luck  Hi OK Just relax and read, Some women who take EC may experience light vaginal bleeding. This will typically end within three days of taking the medicine. If it does not, or if the bleeding becomes heavier, contact your health care provider. The bleeding may be a sign of a more serious problem. So go off and see your doctor or gyno ASAP Good Luck  Hi Try thinking menopause, ok don't cry, its happens to the best of women, but your not alone, look just get to your doctor, get a blood test done, it for your hormones, from just this it will tell you just where you are along the menopause trail. Bet your now glad you come here now, its the end of one life and the start of a period free new life. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See the above answer.  Hi For now all you can do is take something to ease the pain. But have you been on depo shot, or have you not just really not had a period in all that time? then you should have been to a doctor 71/2 years ago. As soon as you can get to your doctor tell him/her what you have told us, I think the look on there face will tell it all. Good Luck  Hi Sarah, OK just get to your doctor, do a test there and its been since July ask for a scan to be done, this way you will know for sure if you are pregnant. This would save all the guessing. Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes get a blood test, then you will know how you stand. You sat you have been trying since Aug, was you on the pill before this and how long have you been on it, it does take some time for you body to adjust back to normal, its quite a common thing for a women to miss a period, but if you have just come off the pill, this could account for your cramping, coming off the pill was a good thing but have you never read up about how long it takes to get pregnant, if you were on depo shot, then the time scale could be up to 2 years. Hope this helps and not disappointing. Good Luck  Hi I found this piece of info, it may help you. Endometriosis is a long-term (chronic) condition that causes painful or heavy periods. It often causes pain in the lower abdomen (tummy), pelvis or lower back. It may also lead to lack of energy, depression and fertility problems. However, the symptoms of endometriosis can vary and some women have few symptoms or no symptoms at all. If your GP suspects that you have endometriosis they will refer you to a gynaecologist (specialist in the female reproductive system). The gynaecologist may carry out an examination of your fallopian tubes, ovaries and womb, known as a laparoscopy, to check for patches of endometriosis. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Being really constipated dose not help trying to get round your symptoms, I take it your b/f is on the larger size with some extra length, then yes hitting your cervix would happen. So when it comes to sex you really need to find positions that wont do that to you, pink spotting could be from that if was say doggy style. I think it would be best if you got something over the counter that would clean you out, and take it from there. If you have one see your gyno. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi All you can do is an HPT or go to your doctor for a test not a lot else you can do. But it could be just a missed/skipped period, could be stress, sorry, but over or under weight, do you exercise a lot, could be that, all these would do it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Your saying that you bleed after sex, when you have sex do you have plenty of foreplay before you engage in sex, if your vagina is not prepared for sex by having your juices flowing, then your bleeding could be coming from small tears inside your vagina, the best thing you could do is use extra lubrication, there are lots of sex oils on the market. But BC could help control your hormone's, and perhaps give a better trouble free sex life. If your have a regular sex partner, and he's clean from STDs, you should be able to do away with condoms then, it could be these that give you , your bleeding problems. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck   Hi All you can do is an HPT or go to your doctor for a test not a lot else you can do. But it could be just a missed/skipped period, could be stress, sorry, but over or under weight, do you exercise a lot, could be that, all these would do it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you read up about BC your find if you miss a day its not such a big deal, and should not affect you, so if you use this skipped day process and by doing so, you should be able to move your period round to the way you want it to happen. One month/cycle at a time. Just google, skipped bc days, for more info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This piece of info may help you? tell your doctor if you are pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or are breast-feeding. Methimazole should not be used during pregnancy or breast-feeding. If you become pregnant while taking methimazole, call your doctor immediately. Methimazole may harm the fetus. So with this in mind I would not plan to get pregnant just yet. Good Luck  Hi This piece of info may help you? tell your doctor if you are pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or are breast-feeding. Methimazole should not be used during pregnancy or breast-feeding. If you become pregnant while taking methimazole, call your doctor immediately. Methimazole may harm the fetus. So with this in mind I would not plan to get pregnant just yet. Good Luck  Hi Confused, if your on the pill why would you think your pregnant? The oops do you mean that you had a condom break? So if your on the pill why would you freak out then? If your on the pill then you would not have to come off your antidepressant's, If your worried about your meds and coming of them, google natural ways out of depression, lots of ways you can try, and all without drugs. One last thing you say the pill I do hope we were talking about birth control? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, As they say slow down your going to fast, look you just need to wait, till you have missed your first period, when and if this happens, see I did say if, then you can do a HPT or get your doctor to do one, but this could be your best choice, then the doctor can give you a work over. But please just slow down on the eating, its kind of not the thing to do now, eating for two. But just eat healthy. Good Luck  Hi Look the best thing you can do is either see your doctor or gyno, its a bit to hard trying to just guess what you have wrong with you apart from somehow your periods are stuck or absent. Good Luck  Hi, OK it works like this the BC pill 99% perfect in you not getting pregnant. The bugger is that 1%, its that 1% that can get you, and its not down to the length of time you have been on it. So as you have not had a good period, then either do an HPT or get a test done at your doctors. Its the only way to find out. Good Luck  Hi If you have been having unprotected sex? what else would you expect a pregnancy test to show, if this was a home test, and you don't trust it, just pop of to your doctor and get one there. Don't worry, I'll wait here for you and your result. Good Luck  Hi, Did you have the Mirena or the Copper IUD? Because of the major hormone change when the Mirena is removed your system will take a few months to get back to normal. Hormones are all ways a big problem doing this and missing a period would be considered normal if you had the Mirena. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think if your this worried, best see your doctor or obstetrician and get some tests done. But as you as your body clock is not back on time yet, and I think you mean periods? if these are all over the place, see your doctor about getting some BC pills, as these should regulate your periods, this should settle you down, say 6 to 9 months. Then would be the time to re-think about trying to get pregnant again. After your miscarriage did you have D and C? See what you think. Good Luck  Hi K, Yes it can happen, some women have gone far longer, I will tell you what I have told them, get to your doctor ASAP, its not very good for you if there is something wrong, and just is case your doctor can do pregnancy test all at the same time. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you could do with going on BC for a year, this should regulate your periods, see your doctor or gyno, for advice. Good Luck  Hi, It's actually normal for women to experience irregular cycles occasionally. Stress or illness can cause a delay in ovulation or menstruation, causing your cycle to be longer, and sometimes shorter, than usual. One or two periods a year that are "off" isn't something to be worried about. If you periods are still short ones see your gyno. Does this help you? Good Luck  Hi Just follow the link thats below, its all about your procedure Pomeroy tubal ligation, yopu just need to scroll down to you get to it it shows how its and the failure rate, which is very low. But what did your hsg show apart from what you said? But from what your saying I would say that your going into the menopause even at your early age, this could be that your body sees its now shut down so its doing the same. But please look at the link, http://www.glowm.com/section_view/heading/Surgical%20Procedures%20for%20Tubal%20Sterilization/item/399 Just copy into google to see it Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi As this has been going on for 4 weeks, then you should go see your doctor or gyno. Good Luck  Hi If like my wife, you keep a diary of you periods as a way of tracking them, from this you can work out things, like when your last period was, and from this when it should have been. OK so far, if your is just a 28 day period, then about day 14 this would have been your last ovulation day, give or take a day, so if you had sex around two or 3 days before that date, bingo you can now put your finger on who's the daddy. Good Luck  Hi It just gets absorbed into your own body, and that's it, egg no more. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi In theory, yes, what your getting could have been from the cycle before, its possible to have a period and still be pregnant, in fact some women can go through there pregnancy having periods, but they tend to be on the lighter side. Or what your getting could be phantom symptoms, it dose happen if you really want to get pregnant then you body can do that, and including getting a lump. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi An Age would have been nice so here goes, could be that your still very young, and could be just a missed period, could be that your just stressed out, and this will play havoc with your hormones, and then this will lead to a missed or very late period. Or might not be pregnant as such but you could be having a phantom pregnancy, this is where your body goes through all the symptoms of pregnancy even complete with a lump, yes this dose happen, you can google that. So there you are you have a choice, its not really something I could put a finger on. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Depending on how long she was on BC, it could be just her body trying to adjust, but if she is really worried like you, she should see her doctor or gyno, see if that can get to the bottom of her problem. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, You could very well be miscarrying. But why have you not been and seen your doctor or obstetrician, I do think this would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi Could be just a hic-cup in your period, or you could be pregnant, have you thought of doing an HPT, or doing a test at your doctors. So your having sex then, one thing and you on BC, if so it could be the hormones getting mixed up. Again you say your having sex then if your not on BC hope your using condoms or are you trying to get pregnant? Hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi If with this heavy bleeding you think its fresh blood, being its bright red, then yes go see your doctor or get to an ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi Could be just a hic-cup in your period, or you could be pregnant, have you thought of doing an HPT, or doing a test at your doctors. So your having sex then, one thing and you on BC, if so it could be the hormones getting mixed up. Again you say your having sex then if your not on BC hope your using condoms or are you trying to get pregnant? Hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi The chances of getting pregnant from anal sex is like nil, she's on the BC pill. I'm sure if anyone would be worried it would be her, look your acting just like a women would, you coming into manhood act like it. Just thing of the good sex you had and leave it there. Good Luck  Hi If this keeps happening every two weeks, it could be sign of the menopause, coming early, give it a couple months then get a blood test for your hormones, this would tell the whole story. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi As this was a week before your period, cant see how you would be pregnant, it was in the safe period, during your cycle the worst time is between day 7 and day 12, but then some women can get pregnant from any time of the month they say. But I think your just having a skipped period, but if your not happy either do an HPT or see your doctor and have a test done there. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Its the re-asserting his penis after ejaculating, this could be your problem, he would still have had sperm inside his urethra, it would not have been a full ejaculation, but sometimes it dose not take to much sperm to get pregnant. The only thing you can do is wait, see what happens when you get your next period or not I should have said, if you get no period, then do either an HPT or get to your doctor and have a test done there. Hope this helps you in some way. Good Luck  Hi I found this link, this may shed some light on your problem, I think your find this is all down to hormones, and if you on BC by the pill, then even more so. Good Luck The link, http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/003153.htm  Hi Then if its longer than 2 weeks then now would be a good time, or you could try your doctor. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Look if your that worried why you here, you should be outside an STD/GUM Clinic waiting to get in, there you will get a test if they think you have something, or they will test you just to make sure you are clear, this is the help you need, they will put you straight. OK Good Luck  Hi The cramps could be from your period being late, you could even miss this period, that dose happen. But just give it a couple of days if nothing happens go see your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi If I'm right you need to wait till your cycles come back and get regular, before things start to happen, you could be just getting some after effects from the depo shot, google depo shot side effects, you mat find something there that would help. Good Luck  Hi Well if the I pill has done its job you should be OK But as this was on ovulation day you were on the outside chance of not getting pregnant anyway, ok it works like this, so it was on O day? yes well the egg would only last 2 days max, and it takes male sperm 3 days to reach the womb. See an outside chance of not getting pregnant. Good Luck  Hi Look you did not have sex you say, he did not ejaculate inside you, then the chances of getting pregnant is a big no, no. These other problems your getting could be all stress related, the other signs can also be just phantom and also stress related. Please have a happy period. Good Luck  Hi And Wow, 21 years, is this a record. But can see why, women who have been on it between 5 to 10 years can take up to 2 years to get there periods back, so you can see why he's bringing you off it. Who knows you may have already gone through it. OK not knowing how these shots affect your hormones, perhaps you should have a blood test done now and once every 3 months, so your doctor can keep an eye on them, its from your hormones that he can tell about the menopause. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, First question would be are you suffering from vaginal dryness? are you getting into the menopause? To the first question, if its yes try using some extra lubrication, coconut nut oil, but extra virgin, almond oil, if you have no reaction to them olive oil or baby oil, or there's water based lubricants and silicone based lubricants, the water based tend to go dry? or claggy during sex. OK the second get to your doctor and get a blood test done for a hormone check, your hormones will tell your whole story. Do hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi It seems day 14 is ovulation day no matter how long your period is, but also with this it can be give or take a day. But if your trying to get pregnant please just wait till things get settled, the length of time this takes all depends how long you was on BC, not being a party pooper, but you could be looking a year to get it right Hope this helps? no, but that's life on the good old BC. Good Luck  Hi If its coming like that, then I don't think your pregnant then, but do go get some help ASAP Please. Good Luck  Hi Either irregular periods or no periods is a side effect of POCD. have a good read through this link below its from the UK's NHS. The Link, http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Polycystic-ovarian-syndrome/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy link into google to open and read. This should help you understand POCD a lot better. Good Luck  HI Well all you can do is see if you miss your next period, if so then either do an HPT or get a test done at your doctors, its all you can do, it would be hard for us to speculate at this time. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  HI Well as your two days late do an HPT or get to your doctor for a pregnancy test, now's the time to do it. Good Luck  Hi, OK its toss a coin time, some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month, and that's a fact. Ok sperm in pre-cum, this would depend on if he ejaculated some time before and had not urinated, which would have left sperm in the urethra, its the only way you could have got some of his sperm. So with that little bit of info, does it help. Do hope it helps you and your guy. Good L:uck  Hi Get to your doctor, its what he/she is there for, when ever you get something this bad, that's the place you need to be. Good Luck  Hi 14 days after the last day of your period should be the day of ovulation, but then you have to think a couple of days each way, as not all women are the same, then it takes 3 days for the male sperm to impregnate your egg, but you can also add into the info that some women can get pregnant from any time of the month, its a whole mixed up world when its comes to getting pregnant. Sometimes the text book gets thrown out of the window. But do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your find that its time to get it changed after 5 years, but from what I can read you should really need a break, give your body a chance to reboot before you have a new one inserted. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, For starters you should have been taken you pills at 24 hour intervals and not within the 3 hour window that you have been using. Now if you have read up you instruction's like you should have, you find it states that if you miss 2 periods then see your doctor as you may be pregnant. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi With a problem like yours I think it would be best if you seek help from your doctor or gyno. Please get some help. Good Luck  Hi Well its either one of your tubes has come untied, unless it was the one where its double tired and cut, and you are pregnant and you just need to do a test, HPT or see your doctor. And if you google menopause symptoms, there are something like 30 of them, and these do match up with yours, in a mix and match form, so why your at the doctors, have a blood test done, this will tell you what your hormones are doing, and these are the best measure for coming into the menopause. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think your in early menopause, so did a little research to back this theory up, and come up with this, I will tell you now its long, but packed with lots of facts. The Link, http://www.ion.ac.uk/information/onarchives/perimenopause You may need to copy this into google for it to work. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you mean that your periods have stopped then yes its a problem that you should go and get looked at, it would have been nice if you said how long this has been going on, is it stress low weight or overweight, do you exercise a lot. You should either see your doctor or a gyno if you have one, and start from there, it could be some other kind of medical problem. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Menopause is the end of menstruation. In clinical terms, you reach menopause when you haven't had a period for 12 months. Vaginal bleeding after menopause isn't normal and should be evaluated by your doctor. Do hope this helps your Mum. Good Luck  Hi If you mean that your periods have stopped then yes its a problem that you should go and get looked at, it would have been nice if you said how long this has been going on, is it stress low weight or overweight, do you exercise a lot. You should either see your doctor or a gyno if you have one, and start from there, it could be some other kind of medical problem. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi There are 6 possible things you can have, Ovarian cysts, Ovarian tumours, Endometriosis, Pelvic inflammatory disease, Ovarian remnant syndrome and Mittelschmerz, so its a bit hard top try and put something together that would help you, it could even be that you are stating the menopause , I know your saying Im only 27, well think of the young girls who have it before there 16 birthday, ok not many but it happens. It could even be an STD the has been hidden for a few years, yes it can happen. So just do the right thing get off and please see your doctor or a gyno, it will be besat for you. Do hope this helps yopu. Good Luck  Hi From what I can read on them your OK apart from stretching day 7, you should of perhaps used a condom as stated, do just hope things work the way you want them to. A tip, if you have a mobile phone use the alarm for your pill taken, its a good rememi9nder. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Then its time for the doctor or gyno, you must get looked at, could be stress, or do you exercise a lot, are you underweight or overweight. But get seen ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Go get a blood test for a hormone check, it could be that you having an early menopause, remember it can happen, your family doctor should be able to do this for you. Hope this helps. good Luck  Hi What is below is from the UK's NHS, you will see that it can stop bleeding and upset periods, I think yours was stopped and now its upset, perhaps its something to do with you own hormones and the hormones in the implant. Disrupted periods Your periods may change significantly while using a contraceptive implant. Around 20% of women using the implant will have no bleeding, and almost 50% will have infrequent or prolonged bleeding. Bleeding patterns are likely to remain irregular, although they may settle down after the first year. Although these changes are not harmful, they may not be acceptable for some women. Your GP may be able to help by providing additional medication if you have prolonged bleeding. Other side effects that some women report are: headaches acne nausea breast tenderness changes in mood loss of sex drive These side effects usually stop after the first few months. If you have prolonged or severe headaches or other side effects, tell your doctor. Some women put on weight while using the implant, but there is no evidence to show that the implant causes weight gain. Hope there is some help here. Good Luck  Hi Sorry to say this, but first she needs to get her weight down by a 100 pounds, being overweight is a way of shutting down her periods and that's a fact, if she dose this she may find her periods will start to come back to normal, as the weight starts to come off. Do hope this helps her. Good Luck  Hi Had any rough sex lately? or had sex with a guy who's on the larger size down below? If neither of these then go see your doctor or gyno, you may have a small problem. Good Luck  Hi The first question would, have you been having unprotected sex then? If so I would go get a test done. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Your symptoms could be from your hormones get back into action, if you have not had a period yet, then I don't think so, you really need to wait till your periods get back on track, then would be the time to start for a baby, that's if your aiming for that. But Good Luck  Hi So would this bleeding now be bright red? if so its fresh blood, then as this has been now going on for two weeks, Yes Well it would be best you go see you doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi Ithink what your looking at is your hymen, some women have to have this surgically removed, I would see your doctor or a gyno if you have one, see what he or she thinks would be best for you. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Google phantom pregnancy, you could be having one, it dose happen. Good Luck  Hi This sounds very much like BV ( bacterial vaginosis ), so you have two choices, you can get of to your doctor and get some antibiotics for it, if your against stuffing your body with antibiotics, then you can give sea salt a try. Just google sea salt and bv, your find lots of advice, on how it works. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, First how long was you on BC, that would be the main thing, sometimes it can take around 3 months till you get a chance of getting pregnant. Was this your idea as to why you come off BC? to get pregnant? The only thing you can do is wait to see if you miss your period, the do a HPT or see your doctor for a test. If your not happy at the thought of getting pregnant and this was in the last 72 hours, you could use Plan B. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi When you come off the BC pill, you have a couple of days when the hormes from the pill starts to go off and your body starts producing more, I have found a couple of links tat may help even better than I can put it. Your sore armpit could be your lympgland being affected by you hormone changes. The links may help. Good Luck http://www.fitsugar.com/What-Happen-My-Body-When-I-Stop-Taking-Birth-Control-Pills-7766267 http://www.healthline.com/health/swollen-lymph-nodes  Hi I think your only real way would be to get a blood test, from this your doctor should get a hormone reading and from this you would know if your starting the menopause. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi 50 bucks is far cheaper than bringing up a baby, it would cost you far more than 20 times that just to set your self up for a baby, So that makes the 5o bucks far cheaper and then there the long term costs, and after that it just goes on and on. Good luck  Hi If this is the first time your on the BC pill? did you not read the paper with it, the part about using condoms for the first 7 days, its a standard thing, once your on them your ok but not for the 7 days of ever taken them or restarting after a break. The headaches could be from the hormones charging round your body, give it a couple of days see if you settle down with them. Good Luck PS If you miss your next period I would get a test done, pregnancy that is.  Hi, Take it your not on BC? well the only thing you can do is get to your doctor and get a test done there, this way you will know for sure. Or it could be just a skipped period, these do happen. Good Luck  Hi As you have not said about being on BC, this could regulate your periods for you, either see your doctor or gyno for help. Good Luck PS The BC pill that is.  Hi So this now bleeding is bright red? if yes then its fresh blood, and as this has been going on for two weeks. Time to go see your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi You just have to remember some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month, I take we were not using a condom then, on purpose or an oops, I think we forgot something. May not be of help, but a fact. Good Luck  Hi Bright red means its fresh blood, I would get to your doctor or gyno ASAP Good Luck  Hi your find out all the info you need by going to the link below. The Link, http://contraception.about.com/od/prescriptionoptions/ht/skipperiod.htm Just copy into google to open and read Or just google this, can I use Nuvaring to skip a period its the first answer, its all there. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It means either your pregnant or you need to see your doctor or gyno ASAP Good Luck  Hi I think your only real way would be to get a blood test, from this your doctor should get a hormone reading and from this you would know if your starting the menopause. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi your find out by reading up on periods through pregnancy happens, but there just short 3 day periods. and these go all through your pregnancy. But if this is some vaginal bleeding, showing fresh red blood, if that's the case then doctors ASAP. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi And do you remember that condoms are only 98% safe. Do you own a mobile phone? if yes, then use the alarm as you wake up call to take you BC, so simple. But did just continue to take you BC as normal or have you stopped, then that was the wrong thing to do, you should have just rolled over as norm, you could just be having a skipped period, it happens as you go through life. If your still worried the get a test done, either an HPT or get to your doctor. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of having a test done at you doctors, he/she would be to tell you if your hormones were low, and if your pregnant? if not then tell just where your problem lies. In the time after the 28th did you have unprotected sex? around Sep 7/8 of Sep? Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If as you say, your in the menopause, unless your saving it for a rainy day the its about time it was removed? Don't you think. Good Luck  Hi Trobin, then at 51 I would get off to your doctor and get a simple hormone test, This should tell your just were you are, but then I think you in you menopause, your find if you read up about the menopause spotting is just one of those thing that happen, now if you get full bleeding, then get off to your doctor, as you don't want that to happen. I do hope this helps your in some way. Good Luck  Hi Do hope you looked up the side effects of depo shot before you went on it, just google depo shot side effects, makes for some grim reading. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Well, so what happened to condoms then? Having unprotected sex at any time through can get some women pregnant, and even during there period. So if this was within the last 72 hours you could go to Plan B, if not then its a waiting game to see if you get your next period, and if you don't then that would be the time to get tested. Then making up your mind what you want to do seeing as you were on BC. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Brown blood normally means its old blood, as for taken any pills I think you should not waste them, this is a period and it not be wise to take ovulating in a period. Or it could be a miscarriage your having, but your should get in touch with your doctor ASAP Good Luck PS Is there any sign of tissue in this blood? then that would be a sign of a miscarriage.  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Got this from the UK's NHS. Girls often start having periods from around 12 years of age. However, some girls don't have their first period until later, particularly if this was the case with their mother or older sisters. This is usually nothing to worry about, as most of these girls will eventually start having periods by the time they are 16-18 years old. So as it says above have a chat with your mother or grandmother as well to just what age they started there periods, if they were late starters then you could be the same. Or just get back to your doctor are take it from there. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK, as for not having a period 6/7 months, you should have been to your doctor 4 months ago, so get there soon, please its for your health. As for the itching, try these,  Hi I would give it a couple of days, the thing is your body is not a computer, or it could be a skipped period. I would try and think these things first unless your trying to get pregnant? Will this help. Good Luck  Hi The hope with BC was to try and kick start your periods. This next part is from the NHS in the UK. Having absent periods either means you have stopped having periods or havent started them by the time you are 14-16 years old. The medical name for absent periods is amenorrhoea. In many cases, absent periods are not a cause for concern because some girls simply start having periods later than usual and it is normal for your periods to stop at certain points. For example, your periods will stop while you are pregnant or breastfeeding, or after the menopause . Some types of contraception can also cause you to temporarily stop having periods. You should see your GP if you're worried about any problems with your periods, so they can try to determine the cause. Depending on what your GP thinks may be causing your absent periods, you may be referred to a specialist for further investigation and any necessary treatment. Stopping having periods after previously having them, known as secondary amenorrhoea, is relatively common - it's estimated to affect around 1 in 25 women at some point in their lives. It is more common in teenage girls and younger women, and can be much more common in certain groups, such as professional athletes, dancers and gymnasts. Not starting your periods by the expected age, known as primary amenorrhoea, is much less common. It's estimated to affect 1 in every 300 girls and women. This is the link, http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/periods-absent/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy into google to open and read. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Ok see if this helps you, there is very good site called earth clinic, it covers natural remedies, this is a link to there depression page. The link, http://www.earthclinic.com/CURES/depression.html And also goole natural ways out of depression, your even find that meditation will help. I hope you find some help. Good Luck   Hi Below you will find two links, both do say about lower sex drive or low libido, and your see some other things that contribute to your problems. http://www.webmd.com/menopause/guide/guide-perimenopause http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/perimenopause/DS00554 You could try DHEA as a treatment, heres a link that may help you. http://umm.edu/health/medical/altmed/supplement/dehydroepiandrosterone And your could back DHEA up with Tribulus, its a herb, there is a link below, that may help you. http://www.healthy.co.nz/ailment/2082-tribulus-testosterone-enhancer-fertility-libido.html Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, If you think you may be pregnant try doing an HPT, or just go to your doctor and get a test done there, but why your doctor is doing that also have your hormones checked, it could be your menopause coming early. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Well it seems women do get pregnant this way, the only thing you can do is see your doctor. and get two tests done, one would be for pregnancy to put your mind at rest, and the other would be a blood test for your hormones, this will tell you were your are if your in the menopause. So one test will out do the other. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your having an irregular period patter, I would see your doctor you may need to go on the BC pill, this would regulate your periods. Good Luck  Hi This is from Nuvaring, it may help you. Some women miss periods on hormonal birth control, even when they are not pregnant. Consider the possibility that you may be pregnant if: You miss a period and NuvaRing was out for more than 3 hours during the 3 weeks of ring use You miss a period and waited longer than 1 week to insert a new ring You have followed the instructions and you miss 2 periods in a row You have left NuvaRing (etonogestrel/ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring) in place for longer than 4 weeks If you know or suspect you are pregnant, do not use NuvaRing. See your health care provider as soon as possible. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, Go get some blood tests done, they should help you. Good Luck  Hi Have you done any reading up about short periods? They do say that they can be normal, but also that they could be a warning that something is wrong. I think you best bet would be to make an appointment with an gyno, and see what he/she can make out to just what your problem can be, has you husband had a sperm test as well. You should not just think its your problem if your husband has lazy sperm or no sperm. Just because cant get pregnant, does not mean its your problem alone. Good Luck  Hi I take it you mean the IUS? Just google this, long term effects of mirena ius you find all the answers you need but the long term use looks good. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes your right the sense of smell in menopausal women does get heightened, it would be best if you go for a blood test, a blood test tells all, and including if your starting the menopause. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This is one thing you really need to discuss with your doctor or gyno, its not a good thing to advise on over the internet. I would do this ASAP Good Luck  Hi, The time to take a test would be on the first day of your next missed period, even if you do have a period I would still have one, reason it is possible for you to have periods why being pregnant. May sound a bit crazy, but it can happen. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Try this it may help, During the third week after the first day of your last period, your fertilised egg moves along the fallopian tube towards the womb. The egg begins as a single cell, which divides again and again. By the time the egg reaches the womb, it has become a mass of more than 100 cells, called an embryo. Once in the womb, the embryo burrows into the lining of the womb. This is called implantation. Now by doing this it can cause some bleeding, so perhaps that is what your getting. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, So apart from a missed or skipped period, have you had any spotting. Tender, swollen breasts, early in pregnancy hormonal changes might make your breasts tender, sensitive or sore. Nausea with or without vomiting. Increased urination. Fatigue. Food aversions or cravings. Even having unprotected sex you sometimes just wont get pregnant, it can happen, as lots of couples know from trying. Some times trying to hard, you will just not get pregnant. Try doing a test at your doctors see what you get from that. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, If you bottle feed your baby, or combine bottle feeding with breastfeeding, your first period could start as soon as 5-6 weeks after you give birth. If you fully breastfeed (and do not combine bottle feeding with breastfeeding), it is possible that your periods may not start again until you stop breastfeeding. This is your body's way of preventing additional pregnancies while you have a small baby. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Well the thing is, time will tell, But if not don't try and put to much pressure on you and your guy. The thing is to put it to the back of your mind, don't count the days, just enjoy your love making, give it time and it will happen. But if you have not been long of the pill, then just weight, if you were on depo shot then even longer, could be up to a year. The thing is relax and enjoy life, it will happen. Good Luck  Hi This may sound very odd but yes, some women even go through the whole pregnancy having a period each month, you can google for this info, its all there. Good Luck  Hi, Just give it time, can take two years, just google trying to get pregnant after depo shot, your find all the answers you want there. Do hope this helps, just be patient. Good Luck  Hi Godchild, Been having unprotected sex then? or are you still the virgin? Stress will give you problems as your saying, could be just an upset stomach, you could be just having a missed period. But if your really worried and have been having sex, then there is always the chance of getting pregnant, if you have been then as you are now late then do a pregnancy test either an HPT or at your doctors. Any help here. Good Luck  Hi Get some blood test done, these should help you, to see were you are with the menopause. Good Luck  Hi This a piece of info I extracted from a piece about two periods a month. OK the info come from Ivillage Another reasons for twice-a-month periods is abnormal thickening of the uterine lining. This thickening can be due to hormonal imbalance or to taking estrogen without a progesterone medication as well; estrogen causes the uterine lining to proliferate and become thick and lush, while progesterone thins out the lining; a balance between these two hormones is necessary to ensure regular, moderate periods. So it may not be as easy as I write, but if you get a hormone test done, from this it would tell you which hormone is out of whack, it then would be to get them back on track, by adjusting them. In my mind it should work, try seeing an obstetrician perhaps he/she will understand this and make it work, they must have seen it before. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First she should see her doctor ASAP for a test, if this comes out negative again could be just a missed period, these do happen from time to time amongst women. But if she is not pregnant, then its about time she was on some kind of BC being either the pill, the cap, the ring, implant or IUD, but please keep away from depo shot, just to many side effects. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Its a big question that you ask for something so simple to happen, ie getting pregnant. OK I think you find that you need to start by waiting and getting your periods back, let them get back into a cycle, for 3 months, this is so things settle down, and then off you go, and try to start a family. But be warned this could take some time, like a year or more. I do hope this helps in some way, sometimes life is hard, but try not to worry, and relax and carry on enjoying life. Good Luck  Hi, A hemoglobin level of 5 g/dl is extremely low, with a very high likelihood of symptomatic anemia. If correct, fatigue, shortness of breath, tachycardia, pale skin, nail beds and sclera should manifest in you. Was this the case with you and are you now getting the same problems again? So its either back to your ER for more tests, but when you was there last time did you bring up about you being on a long term period, if they did nothing for you in that case you should have asked why your were having this problem. I think its now time to go back ASAP Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you may have BV (bactierial vaginosis} this give a cottage cheese like discharge along with a vaginal whiff to it, so its off to your doctor for a test and drugs, which would be antibiotics, if you against them there's the natural way, google these for help, sea salt and bv, garlic and bv, boric acid and bv. If you go the boric acid way, you can get capsules from your chemist, you will have to ask for them, if they dont have them ask for boric acid powder and there largest empty capsules. Do hope this info helps. Good Luck  Hi OK Gildess FE 1/20 or its generic name ethinyl estradiol and norethindrone What is ethinyl estradiol and norethindrone? Ethinyl estradiol and norethindrone is a combination drug that contains female hormones that prevent ovulation (the release of an egg from an ovary). This medication also causes changes in your cervical mucus and uterine lining, making it harder for sperm to reach the uterus. Ethinyl estradiol and norethindrone is used as contraception to prevent pregnancy. I researched all this info for you. Do hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month even during there period, the only way you find out is if you miss your next period, if you do, get a test done then. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I think your find its all from the pill its just your body settling down, its probably your hormones and oestrogens, just getting back to normal, it may take a couple of months more before things get back to normal, a lot of this will depend how long you were on the pill. Good Luck  Hi If you have been having unprotected sex then you could be pregnant. But you have set yourself a problem if so, before having unprotected sex your should have waited till your periods become normal. From woman to woman things change a long with the time it take for normal cycles to return. The best thing for now would be get a test done, either an HPT or a doctor. Its the only way. Good Luck  Hi, Well if your period is late, its time to get a test done, as that would tell the whole story to what's just happening. Till you get that done, its just a waiting game, just how far apart was his tests, mine was 1 month and 3 months, but that was in the UK. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Best advice would be see your doctor or gyno ASAP and if the blood is bright red go even quicker. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you may have had a miscarriage, but then, I don't know if you have been having sex or what age you are, and if or when you had last unprotected sex. Hope this helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi Yes your be OK, 10 to 15 minutes either way your OK. Have a Happy New Year. Good Luck  Hi Found you this info, its pretty standard. If you are keen to increase your chances of conceiving two babies then its important to understand how twins are made. There are two types of twins; identical and non-identical. Identical or monozygotic twins are formed when one egg is fertilized by one sperm which then divides into two separate embryos. Each shares exactly the same genetic components and identical genetic structures. Identical twins also share a placenta. Non-identical or dizygotic twins form from two separate eggs being fertilised by two separate sperm. These twins are their own unique little individuals and share no more genetic composition than siblings with the same parents. Each baby in a non-identical twin pair will have its own placenta. Another name for non-identical twins is fraternal; the other name for identical twins is non-fraternal. Last piece of info, your eggs are only in the womb for two days then they die off if not fertilized, so you would not be able to carry an egg over, none identical twins is when two eggs come down at the same time. Do hope this all helps you. Good Luck  Hi First think back, any unprotected sex? and chance having unprotected sex, but he did not ejaculate? even this can get you pregnant, OK But it is possible for you to have just a missed or skipped period or even two in a row, and if your only 16, even longer. Any help. Good Luck  Hi Your find its just a monthly taboo, or just an old wives tale. But do have a look on this link. http://www.snopes.com/pregnant/menses.asp Just copy this link into google to open and read. Then you can tell your mum. Good Luck  Hi As you say you have now gone past your period date then get a test done, that would tell you yes on no. As for your next question, and if you are pregnant, have you thought of the abortion pill? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Its all down to your utrus and just how the your utrus heals its lining, at its most it could go on for 6 weeks. Hope this give you your answer. Good Luck  Hi For one I don't think he could get sperm on a razor why shaving, and if he did it would not last long, with being in and out of water and the shaving foam. No your safe, but please make sure you shave the right way, always downwards never any other way, if you do you will get ingrowing hairs, and these will itch or worst, when you finish just use some baby oil, its good for you skin. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK it seems that the two do go together, this is from the UK's NHS, its us Brits heath service. Pelvic examination Women may have a pelvic examination if their GP suspects heavy menstrual bleeding (menorrhagia) may be the cause of their anaemia. During a pelvic examination, your GP will examine your vulva and labia (external sex organs) for signs of bleeding or infection. They may also examine you internally. This will involve your GP inserting gloved, lubricated fingers into your vagina to feel whether your uterus (womb) is tender or enlarged. A pelvic examination will not be done without your consent, and you can choose to have someone with you. So the best thing for you is get back to your doctor and see about getting on iron tablets to overcome you problem. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It means that you should have been to your doctor one month ago, just do it get to your doctor or gyno, ASAP Good Luck  Hi, The best thing you can do is go see your doctor, try and find out what's at the bottom of you now bleeding, its not right for you to be doing that. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi It means that you should have been to your doctor one month ago, just do it get to your doctor or gyno, ASAP Good Luck  Hi You may find this answers you problem. Do I take it you mean a razor handle, if not Oh. The medical name for absent or missing periods is amenorrhoea. Hypothalamic amenorrhoea  where the part of the brain that regulates the menstrual cycle stops working properly (it's thought to be triggered by excessive exercise, weight loss and stress. Hyperprolactinemia  where a person has abnormally high levels of a hormone called prolactin in their blood. The ovaries stopping working properly (ovarian failure), even though the woman has not yet gone through the menopause. Hormonal conditions such as having an overactive thyroid or an underactive thyroid. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It means that you should have been to your doctor one month ago, just do it get to your doctor or gyno, ASAP Good Luck  Hi Your age would have been so helpful. In this last 12 months have you not had sex then? Perhaps your body has been waiting for this to happen, its like a kick start for you, having a good orgasm can do this, and if this sex was over some time and position changes then there you are. Your period starts. Good Luck  Hi Do you know if your mother or you have had your thyroid checked out at any time, this could be the cause of your irregular periods. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It might be best to see and talk this over with your doctor, just to be on the safe side. But have you not heard of the power of the BC pill, this would control your periods better, and regulate your heavy bleeding. But see you doctor or if you have one a gyno. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First if you still have not had one in say 3 months then is the time to worry, but just one month, its called a skipped period so don't to much at this point its from all the work you have bben doing. So please just take a deep breath and relax, see what happens next month. Do hope this has calmed you down. Good Luck  Hi It still looks like nits your hormones getting out of whack when it comes to your body having a period. You have 2 hormones estrogen and prodgesterone its this second one that triggers your womb to shed its lining, so if there out of whack due to your IBS, its not happening. OK thinking perhaps being on a BC pill with a high prodgesterone will help solve you problem. You would need to put this theory to your doctor or gyno. Do hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, If yours is a 28 day cycle,, so you should have missed your period about 8 days ago, yes. So now. Good Luck  Hi, It is normal for a girl during her first two years of menstruating to have an irregular menstrual cycle. Good Luck  Hi Go see your Gyno, he/she should be able to test your hormones and tell you from that, or it could be something else. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I found you this info from the UK's NHS, could answer your problem. In the first year after the implant is fitted, your periods may become irregular, lighter, heavier or longer. This usually settles down after the first year.  Hi If your not having periods, do I take it your either underweight or overweight, I would say from what you have written that your underweight? yes, if your not having periods then the chance is that you are producing eggs. Then the way lowers your chance of being pregnant. Would you say what is above is right?  Hi Most definitely. There is even a psychological disorder called phantom pregnancy in which your body will actually produce a false pregnancy -- ie. the hormone released in urine, the tender breasts, even the growing belly. If you stress about having symptoms of a pregnancy, odds are your brain will be alert for any and all symptoms that might confirm it. Therefore making you think you are pregnant.	 See what can happen, all for the sake of a condom and safe sex. Just remember if things are OK, safe sex, condoms, the BC pill, IUD, the cap, the ring. all there just for you both. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi found you some useful info from WebMD, should help you. Are There Side Effects of Birth Control Pills? Yes, there are side effects of birth control pills, although the majority are not serious. Side effects include: Nausea Weight gain Sore or swollen breasts Small amounts of blood, or spotting, between periods Lighter periods Mood changes The following side effects, easily remembered by the word "ACHES," are less common but more serious. If you experience any of these, contact your doctor immediately. If you cannot reach your doctor, go to an emergency room or urgent care center for evaluation. These symptoms may indicate a serious disorder, such as liver disease, gallbladder disease, stroke, blood clots, high blood pressure, or heart disease. They include: Abdominal pain (stomach pain) Chest pain Headaches (severe) Eye problems (blurred vision) Swelling or aching in the legs and thighs This could be from the hormones kicking in, and just be a side effect. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, No it should decrease your problem, but then can work the other way, reason some women can get pregnant from any time of the month, now your worried, so why when this happened did you not think of plan B? Do you think its about time you thought of birth control, or better known as the pill, as this would save you all your worries. Good Luck  Hi Your find answers on this is very confusing, as to when you get regular periods back, I think its just a case of waiting, but would not think of trying for a baby till you get your regular periods back, that would be the time to start for a baby. Your also find its down to how long you had it in for. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like it was a mix, of her taken the plan B and her natural cycle coming on at the same time, and its just extended her period. But for you condoms would have been a lot cheaper than plan B, or better still if your g/f can take them the pill would have been a far better option, or there Novaring, but try and keep away from depo shot far to many side effects. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes do see your doctor, get a blood test done, could be the start of your menopause, the blood test will tell you if you are. Do hope this helps, its just a sign of, like me aging. Good Luck  Hi, Then you need to get on a very good diet, and fast, get your weight down for you height and stature , then as your getting your weight down your periods will start to come back, and when there back to normal you should be able to get pregnant Things that may help you, get off fast foods and junk foods, these are full of salt and sugars, same with sodas they all taboo from now on, its all down to breaking bad habits. Self discipline and Self control and the breaking of bad habits are the 3 things to keep at the front of you mind, all the time. Get out walking, but walk daily set you self a time and distance, and slowly increase it, sick to it and if you can get in swimming somewhere these two things are the best things you can do to aid losing weight. Eating healthy, exercising, is great way to lose weight. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Get yourself to your doctor, from all what you say your a good candidate for the birth control pill, from what you saying, its the hormones in the pill that will get you well. Tell your doctor what you have told us, it should put a smile on his/her face. Do hope this helps you and in the future. Good Luck  Hi, If you bottle feed your baby, or combine bottle feeding with breastfeeding, your first period could start as soon as 5-6 weeks after you give birth. If you fully breastfeed (and do not combine bottle feeding with breastfeeding), it is possible that your periods may not start again until you stop breastfeeding. This is your body's way of preventing additional pregnancies while you have a small baby. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi You could try some vitamin B 6, this could help you its said to produce wetness for all but 3 days of the month. You could get a blood test done at your doctors, it could be that your hormones are out of whack, it happens. But why your choosing which way to go, there's so many choices, water based silicon based lubrications to try, if your body has no reaction to them there is baby oil or olive oil, but both we eat condoms, well break the down why your having sex. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try giving your self a warm sea salt bath twice a day, great way to get rid of a yeast infection, you just need enough to cover your vagina, try it for 7 days. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Take it your now off it, depending how long you was on it, it can take up to 2 tears for your body to get things back together again, its just one of the horrible side effects of depo shot, so as you have had one, it may take some for the next one and so on. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi It may be a good idea to see either you doctor or gyno get your periods sorted out, and try find out if your releasing eggs, you should find that ovulations day is day 14 of your cycle give or take a day, so having unprotected sex 4 or 5 days before makes sure his sperm is there awaiting your egg, the length or your cycle dose not really come in to it, but see what your doctor or gyno says. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi this could be a stab in the dark, but have a read of this its about endometriosis. When a woman has endometriosis, tissue that looks and acts like the lining of the uterus starts growing in places other than the inside of the uterus. The most common locations for these growths  called endometrial implants  are the outside surface of the uterus, the ovaries, the fallopian tubes, the ligaments that support the uterus, the intestines, the bladder, the internal area between the vagina and rectum, and the lining of the pelvic cavity. Your find more on this site. http://kidshealth.org/teen/sexual_health/girls/endometriosis.html Just copy this into google to the www. To open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi From some research seems these do go together, the polyps and BV. So are you now clear or are you still having problems with either or the yeast infections. If so there could be some help, just google these, sea salt and bv, sea salt and yeast infections, boric acid and bv, garlic and bv, your find loads of info on all of them. Try this link for yeast infections, all from women. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy into google to read it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi 2% your find if you read condom packets they say condoms are only 98% proof of not getting pregnant. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK you was on BC but just what one? that would help, and how long? Now if it was depo shot, could be up to 2 years, I think the implant can be as long, BC pill depends how long you was on it. Just come back through answer this above, please.  Hi its probably from the shook to your system, that's why your now missing your period. Good Luck  Hi, OK some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month even during there period, the only way you find out is if you miss your next period, if you do, get a test done then. Good Luck  Hi First question would be, was this a normal period in length or was it short. reason for this it is possible to be pregnant and still get periods, but they tend to be shorter. The only real way would be to do a pregnancy test, either an HPT or a test at her doctors. OK if things are clear meaning no pregnancy, the she needs to get on some kind of BC, the pill, the cap, or IUD, but keep her away from depo shot, your find out why if she googles depo shot side effects. But always think safe sex, or you would not be here worried. Good Luck  Hi Your doctor or gyno would be your best bet, you need to be looked at, cant do that over a web page. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First question would be, have you had unprotected sex? and it is possible to skip a period here and there without being pregnant. But as you have missed a period, why don't you go to your doctor, and let him/her do a test, have word and see what they say. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  HI yes I think you may just know what your problem is? yes its your weight, its pushing every thing down, so this put pressure on your bladder, and then the other problem is when you push a tampon up, then yes, more pressure. So your only way out is to go on a crash diet at first then get on a really good diet, but you also need to get out an exercise, walking would be a very good start, swimming would be the next best thing, as swimming would be low impact on your joints, if you can you should find out how to do kegels as this will strengthen your pelvic floor. OK one last thing see if you can get on some kind of extreme exercise course, like the caveman, it works your body hard, and the harder your body works the more weight you will lose. So fast foods and junk foods are now out of the window, along with both sodas and diet sodas, the first are full of corn syrup and the second will just damage your liver, just think water to drink, boring but healthy Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS don't for get these they will help you. Self control Self discipline And breaking bad habits These 3 will help you.  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi As you have not said which BC you were on, it makes it hard, if it was depo shot and depending how long you were on it could be up to 2 years, with BC pills could be 6 to 9 months. One thing to keep in mind is how long you were on it, what ever you were on just google the side effects, and also how long to get pregnant. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So what is it your looking for then, but that the idea of spermicidal condoms, they give you that bit extra protection. But if she has a 28 day cycle, then day 21 should be her ovulation day. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  HI for one, having sex every day or other day is not a good way to get pregnant, his sperm would be immature, and immature does not make baby's. But then you could be pregnant or not, it would depend if the BC pill was still not working, sometimes it can stop you getting pregnant for a couple of months or longer, its a woman to woman thing on how it goes.. But do take it you do know how you cycle works and the best time for unprotected sex? Did you have any implantation spotting around day 21? If you need more info just come back through, answer this, above  Hi For 3 weeks, a week without it then put in your new ring, and so on. Good Luck  Hi if you were on depo shoot, this could just be the after effects of coming off it, Google depo shoot side effects, coming of depo shoot, and getting pregnant after depo shoot. Any one of those 3 questions should put you straight or read the answers on all 3. Lots to read. good Luck  Hi Depending how long you were on it, would depend how long it will be before you get your normal periods back and working. They say is best to wait till your have had your periods back normal for 3 months before trying to conceive. Are you saying you was put on depo shot? that's a 3 month BC injection, meaning you cant get pregnant for the next 3 months or longer. Is this last bit right? Please come back through answer this.  Hi It could be possible, but sperm that's been in your mouth the acids in your mouth could kill it, but then this was straight after your period? But then chuck in that some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month, its a bit of a mine field. Just one last thing, have you done an HPT? or had a doctor do a pregnancy test? Or it could be just a skipped period, it does happen. Things to think about. Good Luck  Hi as long as you keep to this list below, you should be OK Its from the NHS. When taken correctly, the pill is over 99% effective at preventing pregnancy. This means that fewer than one woman in 100 who use the combined pill as contraception will get pregnant in one year. You need to take the pill at the same time every day. You could get pregnant if you don't do this, or if you miss a pill, or vomit or have severe diarrhoea. If you have heavy periods or painful periods, the combined pill can help. Minor side effects include mood swings, breast tenderness and headaches. There is no evidence that the pill makes women gain weight. There's a very low risk of serious side effects such as blood clots and cervical cancer. The combined pill is not suitable for women over 35 who smoke, or women with certain medical conditions. The pill does not protect against sexually transmitted infections (STIs), so using a condom as well will help to protect you against STIs.  Hi you will find that your, periods may change significantly while using a contraceptive implant. Around 20% of women using the implant will have no bleeding, and almost 50% will have infrequent or prolonged bleeding. Bleeding patterns are likely to remain irregular, although they may settle down after the first year. And breast tenderness is also a side effect. So this saves you a visit to anybody, are but did you think of the free mothers clinic? But all your answers come from the UKs NHS. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The advice on testing for pregnancy is to do it on the first missed day of your next period. But from what your saying you may have missed, you need to have sex around 2 days before your ovulation day, reason, it take male sperm 3 days to reach your egg or where to egg will be, and takes your egg 2 days to get there as well, its all down to timing, now some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month. Some times getting pregnant can be worrying, just try relaxing and stop trying to get pregnant, put away the condoms and live your life, have sex when ever you want, I know its hard, but just try forgetting to get pregnant and who knows it may just happen when you least expect it to happen. Do hope this helps you and hubby. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like it, you best go get a blood test, this is the best way to see were your hormones are, and from this your doctor should say how things are going either way. But for now you could try some DHEA, it may help life you up, its a hormone that both men and women have, if it works it will boost your testosterone, lift your libido, and kick up your energy levels, just google DHEA for women. Now your vaginal dryness try putting yourself on some vitamin B6 it should help, for most of the month with just a couple of dry days. Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, You catch an STD by having sex with somebody who's a carrier, I think you mean the incubation time this could be 14 to 28 days, if your still troubled visit a STD/GUM Clinic for more advice. Good Luck  Hi What you should do is see your doctor ASAP, But do stay on the pill till then. Good Luck  Hi, You catch an STD by having sex with somebody who's a carrier, I think you mean the incubation time this could be 14 to 28 days, if your still troubled visit a STD/GUM Clinic for more advice. Good Luck  Hi It seems that missing your period is quite common thing after an hsg, same goes for period being late. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought that this may be a sign of an early menopause, it coukld be one of those odd things that go along with the menopause, get to your doctor and get a blood test done from this it should tell you, in would be in your hormone's. Hope this is of some help. Good Luck  Hi Try this, give your vagina a sea salt wash, or better still bath in warm sea salt water, this will help cleanse and heal your tear, try doing it twice a day if you can. Your be surprised how this will help. Good Luck  Hi OK yes you can be pregnant and still have a period, in fact a women can go through there whole pregnancy having a monthly period. But as for are you pregnant, you need to wait till you next period, that's if it comes, and do a test on the first missed day, or do a test on what would be your first missed day, or get your doctor to do it. And take it from there. Good Luck  Hi, This could be down to your hormones getting mixed up, when you come off the pill, it will always take sometime for things to get back working as they were. Might take a few months for thing to get back working as they were. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think a trip back to your gyno would be best, and see what he says. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi That long you should see a doctor, in fact you should have been there a year to 18 months ago. Good Luck  Hi So why you paranoid and terrified then, you have done all the right things, so I think your ok. But ever thought of getting on the BC pill, if your going to play with fire (male sperm) then at some point you will get burnt, the BC pill will not let that fire start, get on it and you can stop all the playing around and giving your self all these frights. Please do the right thing. Good Luck  Hi This is from WebMD its the side effects, please read it, it should help you. Side Effects  Hi As you should know your cycle, day 1 first day of your period? yes. So all you now need to do work out the rest from there, as day 8 and day 14. Good Luck  Hi First it would depend how long you were on them, but it could take a month, or two, or it could take up to a year for things to start working again. But it would be best if you got them going, and just wait a couple of months, then start trying for a baby. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Under normal circumstances, it would be the first day or so after your next missed period. But you pose a problem, if you know when this date would be, go see your doctor, he/she must know of your problem, so perhaps try having a test done there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi No would be the answer, just get to your doctor, he/she may put you on the BC pill, as this is good at correcting problems like yours. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi When you come off depo shot, it will take some time for you body to get back to normal, even if it was just one shot. Suggest you google depo shot side effects. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi will you don't seem embarrassed to ask on here so why not ask you gyno the same question, he would know best, don't forget a good orgasm may give some reaction inside your vagina as well. Best see what here says. Good Luck  Hi Confused, 9 years was a long time, your lucky that you have had some kind of period yet, to get right after so long could take up to 2 years. Just google depo shot side effects, or trying to get pregnant after depo shot, not saying you are trying to. but you will find lots of info by reading that one. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Give it another week and test again, see how you go then, but it is possible to go through a pregnancy having a period each month. If you still have concerns, go to your doctor. Good Luck  Hi It may just be your having a short cycle, this time, if you read up about periods, it can happen, just like skipping a period, as for being pregnant only time will tell. Good Luck  Hi Look I know having PCOS makes it hard to get pregnant and not knowing if had ovulation, but you should have still been on BC. So the best thing you can do for now is get to your doctor and get tested, hard nipples is a sign of being pregnant. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, You should go see your doctor or gyno, when something like this happens, ASAP. Good Luck  Hi when you last had a check up, did he/her do an internal?, in some research, for one thing your not alone, two things come up one is a weak pelvic floor and the second is some kind of prolapse, on offence but its an aging thing, as we get older things start to give, in both women and men. So you cold try putting yourself on doing some kegels, just google kegels, but also find out how to do them in reverse as well, so google reverse kegels as well. Do hope these help you problem. Good Luck  Hi, Your n12 days away from ovulation day, give or take a day, so you should be safe, are you on the BC pill? if not then its about time you were, well worth thinking about. There's the BC Pill, The Ring, The Implant, The Cap or IUD, but not Depo Shot, just to many side effects. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Having unprotected sex anytime during your period and after can get you pregnant, you will have to wait to see if you miss your next period, if it does not happen then its time for you to get a pregnancy test, either an HPT or best at your doctors, this way if its positive you there to start things going. Have you never heard of birth control, BC, its there for a purpose, its stop women getting unwanted pregnancy's, its now to late for Plan B. But if your not pregnant, and you don't want to get pregnant, think the BC Pill, The BC Ring, The BC Implant, The cap or IUD. But keep away from Depo Shot, just to many side effects. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi No its a good time to do it, but it could be just a skipped period, it can happen, but you could try your doctor for a test, and take it from there. Do hope this helps you. Good luck  Hi I'm wondering if kegels may help these would strengthen your whole pelvic floor, if your whole pelvic floor was stronger, would this stop your contractions? Have done any? This is just a thought. Good Luck  Hi you have a choice, you can either do what your saying, or just chuck away the placebo pills and carry on you can if you want do it more than one pack, some just keep doing that till you feel you need a period. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you look up in your area you should be able to find a free walk in clinic, or an ER that's free, you should find help there. But from what your saying you do need to see somebody. Good Luck  Hi, Ok some women can only get pregnant from one time of the month, and some others can get pregnant from anytime of the month even having unprotected sex during the period or before or in your case the last day of your period. The only thing you can do now is to see if you miss your next period and do a test either a HPT or at your doctor. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, I think you should read this link, it may help you if perhaps late, but please read it. The Link http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/switching-birth-control-pills-pregnancy-risks Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi A clear or white discharge is normal, not all women get the same symptoms, you could get nothing. But have you had a pregnancy test done yet, either an HPT or at your doctors, do that and see what shows up. But until you do that who knows. Good Luck  Hi Well you are in a mix, just get to your doctor, and get a test done there. It would be the only way for to go. Good Luck  Hi Look we could chuck figures about for ages, the only real way would be to wait for your next period date, if you dose not come then get a test done, then either an HPT or best at your doctors, if you are you can take it from there. OK Good Luck  Hi You really need to look at the side effects for depo shot, your find your not the only one, the best person you can go see would either be your doctor or gyno, but google depo shot side effects, there not good. Put it this way I would never let my daughter go on it, and the other end coming off it, it will take some time to get things back to normal. Hope this helps a small bit. Good Luck  Hi If your gyno put it in I would get back to him/her and tell him/her the problem your now getting, this would be best for you as this has been on going for 4 months. Good Luck  Hi And Yes! You can get pregnant before you have your first period, and many surprise pregnancies happen just that way. To prevent pregnancy after you have your baby, you should have to used birth control every time  even if you're breastfeeding. Why? Because you're fertile around the time you ovulate, and you ovulate before you get your period  typically about 12 to 16 days before, although this varies. You'll get your period again anywhere from a month to over a year after having a baby. Do hope this helps you, even if its to late. Good Luck  Hi If your having hot flush's, this could be a sign of an early menopause, the only way yopu find that out would be to see your doctor and have a blood test done, your blood tells all. Good \Luck  Hi I think your find its your drugs for Hypothyroidism, that could be stopping you from getting pregnant. But just in case you do get pregnant, I think it would be best for you and baby that you lose some of your weight, so get off any fast foods and junk foods, forget the sodas, think and eat healthy, get out and do some brisk walking, and if you can get in and do some regular swimming, this a long with the walking and the best two things you can do fro your body. Now three things that will help you are, and do remember these there very important, self discipline, self control, and the last one is breaking bad habits,. A couple of last things, if you smoke stop, give up any alcohol. I do hope some of this helps. Good Luck  Hi If your that worried get off to your doctor or obstetrician ASAP. It could be a miscarriage. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of the menopause, if not just go to your doctor and get a simple hormone blood test, this will tell you just were you are with your hormones which is a good sign of if your in your menopause. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Its quite simple, Plan B will upset your g/f, cycle, so her period may be late. but after that she should still do a HPT, just to make sure. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well you have missed the periods, Yes and on your way to missing a third. Well the best thing you can do is go to your doctor and get a test done there, you should know for sure then. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you mean that you have just come off the BC pill, it would depend how long you was on it. If its from being pregnant, if your breast feeding, could not be until you stop Will that help you. Good Luck  Hi Just doing some reading on www.dodsonandross.com have a good read of this link, your see why its all the exercise you need in one place. http://dodsonandross.com/sexfeature/how-use-bettys-vaginal-barbell Just copy into to the end of Dodson to open and read. Do hope its of some help. Good Luck  Hi Have had a read up about this for you, OK it seems you can do this, but, and here is the but, you should discus this with either your doctor or gyno, before you go ahead with doing it. So go see what your doctor or gyno says first, its best you do it this way. Best advice. Good Luck  Hi From what I can read you just start it and keep going, no breaks, and you should still have your periods, but they may be regulated better than they were before. But below I have put a link for you to read. The Link http://www.webmd.com/drugs/mono-967-LEVONORGESTREL%2FETHINYL+ESTRADIOL+NON-CYCLIC+CONTRACEPTIVE+-+ORAL.aspx?drugid=163265&drugname=Chateal+oral You should find this helps as well. Good Luck  Hi After so long do you think its about time to see your doctor or gyno, I do think that would help best. But here is a link you just may find helpful. The Link, http://forums.webmd.com/3/menopause-exchange/forum/589 Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi What's happening is quite normal, its your body and hormones getting back into action, may take a couple of months, you may just have to live with it. Good Luck  Hi, If your doctor or gyno fitted it then its time for you to go back and see why this is happening. It would be best this way. Good Luck  Hi This could be a change in your natural mucus inside your vagina, so try neutral soaps, cotton pants and if need be go commando, its giving your vagina some air. it will love you, your getting do discharge, so no problem. It could also be washing to much? I know your thinking, be clean, but it could be this that is giving you the problem. Also look at your diet, we are what we eat, also any meds your on. Also no fem fresh, no panty pads, all day pads, all out. Hope there is some help here. Good Luck  Hi First have you done any HPT tests or been to your doctor for a test? Ok, Some women can go through there whole pregnancy having there monthly periods, they may not be as heavy, but yes it can happen. So get a test done, and take it from there. Do hope this helps? Good Luck  Hi all you can do is wait to see if you miss your next period, if you do you get tested, if not, your not pregnant. But I don't think so, having unprotected sex on your ovulation day is not the way to get pregnant. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Murray, you can only get a good result if you do this test on what would be the first day of your next (if pregnant) first day of the period if its missed. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If your not on any BC apart from condoms, then you have been playing with fire, male sperm can be carried in pre-cum if you husband had ejaculated before having sex, his sperm would be in his urethra, and if you were having sex twice in the same night, the again same thing. All you can do is wait to see if your next period is missed and get a test done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If the blood is really red, and not what it was during your regular periods, then get to you doctor or gyno, please don't wait it out and then go, go now. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi You could be just having an irregular time in your life and this would effect your periods, there so many reasons for this to happen could be meds, thyroid, stress, an STI or STD, and it goes on I would see your doctor or gyno, if your not on BC perhaps this could regulate your problem. Good Luck  Hi If your breast feeding, it could be that, just give it another month then see your doctor, if your not breast feeding. Good Luck  Hi Have a read if this link from WebMD you may find it helpful. The Link http://women.webmd.com/guide/plan-b Do hope this helps you, if not get to your doctor. Good Luck  Hi If you were a late starter, then it would not be something out of the ordinary to be missing your periods for that amount of time, its all down to your hormones, they may be a bit out of whack. Next time you see your doctor as her to do a blood test for your hormones, the test will tell all. Good Luck  Hi Your find this is from your womb cleaning out, and can give you the same effects as your miscarriage. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Your just a couple of days late, but if your really worried get a test done, you can either do a HPT or go to your doctor. But don't forget its possible to skip a period. see how you fill in a couple of days time, Good Luck  Hi Could be her period coming early, but it would have been to late in her cycle to get pregnant, if you understand the cycle that is. But unprotected sex 4 days before day 14 would get her pregnant, day 14 is ovulation day or the day her egg drops. OK Good Luck PS Look don't play with sex, or she will get pregnant, get her to get or some kind of BC, the pill, the implant, the ring, the cap or IUD. But no to depo shot, just to many side effects. OK  Hi Richa, if your going to do what I think you intend to do, by using one ring straight after another, your find that this is not recommended by Nuvaring, you should have the break. If you want to give yourself a period break, you need to get, one half of a I think its a menopause pills which come in two half's, you take the eastragin side of them, your find that works best, that's if you just want to stop your period. Good Luck  If you have not had a blood test do so... HPT are not as accurate as they proclaim to be. A vaginal ultrasound would be better. I was pregnant before and I took several test that came back negative. It took for me to go the the ER for severe pelvic pain to discover I was 12 weeks pregnant and miscarrying.  Delays in menstrual periods can be caused by a few things. Depending on who you are it could be because of menopause, stress, and a few more factors. When your doctor said your hormones were alright, did they give you any insight on what could be be the cause? I would recommend you go back to the doctor so that they could determine the actual cause. Best wishes.  It sounds like the two might be unrelated. A lot of people tend to get sick around this time of year, especialy when the seasons change. One missed period is not uncommon, but if it gets to be 2 or 3 missed periods consistently, I would visit your OBGYN.  Don't freak out, this isn't uncommon. I would recommend continuing your normal birth control routine and be extra vigilant not to miss any more doses this cycle. If you don't see any signs of improvement and you are still having problems after you start your new birth control pack, then I would try to call your doctor.      Get to a good woman O.B.G.Y.N. You may require a D & C.  It could be! I know it was for me! My first pregnancy early I developed horrible horrible pain in my lower back, which can be mistaken for sciatica, but I'm pretty sure it was my SI Joint. With my second, one week after conception (pre pregnancy test) I started feeling my back in that spot. I told my husband I was pregnant, and he didn't believe me, but sure enough! LOL BTW- icing my back helped.  No. Antibiotic use will not affect your menstrual cycle but it can interact with birth control pills, making them not as affective. You may want to consider using additional protection for 2 weeks following completion of your antibiotics and address any more concerns with your doctor. Do not stop taking your antibiotics unless directed by you doctor.  Has the situation changed? I, myself am 22 years old and have never had my period. When I think about it for too long I do start to think the worst but i feel perfectly fine so I am not worried. I did ask around and did some research and found alot of interesting stuff like the most interesting one was that some one suggested that i was born with male parts on the inside. I don't know about that but if you feel worried get a second opinion from another doctor if the problem hasnt changed.  Depo Provera is a very effective form of birth control, however, one of the initial side effects is irregular bleeding. This irregular bleeding typically lasts for 6 months. After 6 months, many women stop having periods. Regardless, it is important that you call your doctor to make sure nothing else is going on.  Most over the counter pregnancy tests can be used as soon as you miss a period. Some can even be used a few days before your missed period. At this point, you can take a pregnancy test and it will be reliable.  It can be normal to have irregular bleeding with an IUD during the first 3-6 months after insertion. There is nothing you can do on your own to fix this. However, if you have not had proper placement confirmed by your doctor then you should do so. You can check for the string yourself as well. Sometimes an IUD which is out of correct position can cause irregular bleeding.  If you are having periods off of your birth control pills then you are not yet menopausal. You may be perimenopausal, which means you are getting close to menopause. Menopause is when you have gone 1 year without a period while off of birth control or hormone replacement. It is difficult to know when menopause occurs while taking the pill, but your doctor can check your hormone levels while on the placebo pills to get an idea if you are menopausal or not. Although it would be unlikely that you would get pregnant at the age of 48, it is still possible if you are having periods. I recommend that you go see your doctor to discuss the best options for you.<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p>  Given your age, you are probably getting close to menopause. As you approach this time of life, you may notice changes in your periods just like those you have described. The most common symptoms are spacing out of menses and less bleeding, although the opposite can be seen as well. Other symptoms that you may experience are hot flashes, night sweats, vaginal dryness, and mood swings. However, regardless of your age, it is best to discuss these changes with your doctor because these same changes in your periods could also be a sign of other abnormalities (e.g. thyroid disorders and uterine cancer) which need to be evaluated.  Over the counter pregnancy tests are generally very accurate, especially when used after your a miss period. However, I would recommend that you see your doctor to determine why you have missed a period, especially since you usually have a regular cycle. Your doctor will probably do a blood pregnancy test and check some other blood work to make sure everything is okay.  Although home pregnancy tests are relatively accurate, the blood test done at your doctor's office is more sensitive. It is unlikely that you are or were pregnant, especially since you started your period. Even if you had a very early miscarriage, the blood test would most likely still be positive. At this point, there is no way to know why the home pregnancy tests were positive.  It is very unlikely that you are pregnant if your period started the day after having unprotected intercourse. I am assuming that it was time for your period to start and that you have regular periods. If you have a normal 28 day cycle, you are most likely to become pregnant when you have unprotected intercourse approximately 2 weeks before you anticipate your period to start.  It is possible to get pregnant at anytime around ovulation. Based on the dates you provided, you are most likely to ovulate around November 20, which is 14 days prior to your next period. However, it is difficult to know exactly when ovulation is going to occur. It is possible for sperm to live in the female genital tract for approximately 3 days, so even if you have not yet ovulated you could still conceive. It is too early to take a pregnancy test. You can test around Dec. 1.  I can certainly see your concern, however, since your pregnancy test was negative it is unlikely that you are pregnant. I would recommend that you see your doctor just to make sure since you are having symptoms of being pregnant. Your doctor may also do some bloodwork, including a thyroid test, to see why you may be having the unusual menstrual cycles and the other symptoms which you are experiencing.  I have always had irregular Periods. My doctor says some are regular and others aren't. They've never stated that it's a sign of anything or a 'bad' thing. I was on BC when I was younger to get my period every month and now that we're trying for a baby it's irregular, which is hard to deal with. I'm not a professional though so I'd say if you're concerned you need to talk to your doctor.  My friend took 8 pregnancy tests when she was pregnant with her daughter. Her body just didn't respond to them, even though she was three months pregnant. I would suggest getting a blood test to rule out pregnancy, and then (if you're not pregnant) you can talk with your doctor about what the underlying cause may be.  Could be many reasons. Lack or insifficient lubrication, which can be corrected with increased foreplay or an artificial lubricant. It could also be the size of your partner, which again is corrected by increased foreplay, lubrication and taking it slow...the ambience is a major factor if its the size because you need to be relaxed and you will stretch. Then, there is always the possiblity that you have a medical issue and need to have that ruled out by your gynecologist. But I would try, romancing first, being that this is not life threatening.  Yes you can, it's not the norm but for some like myself it may happen. I actually had a light period 4-5 months into all of my pregnancies which was attributed to having low level of HCG. All pregnancies were normal and the infants were fine but I did have bleeding while pregnant.  You probably are paranoid if the test are negative, however a female can still have a period while pregnant. This is a result of very low HCG counts. If a female has periods and negative test without any other symptoms she is probably not pregnant but if the other symptoms appear sore breast, enlarged abdomen, nausea and vomiting etc then the blood test are advised and next a vaginal ultrasound.  it is possible that you may experience 2 menstrual cycle in a month since you're menstrual isn't regular ever since what could've happen is that your 1st menstrual cycle this month lasted only for about 2 to 3 weeks that why another cycle happened w/in a month.. about the blood clots it might also happen but i suggest to watch yourself for any negative effect on your body because you might develop anemia due to blood loss and see if it happens again next month, if this condition persist it might indicate that you are having certain condition like uterine or ovarian polyps.. i suggest on consulting an OB-Gyne if this incident continues, for now you may just observe yourself and eat lot of food rich in iron and take multivitamins..  Generally burning is not normal. However, it could just be related to your period. During a period it could be caused by several things. Mainly, external irritation caused by paper, wiping, and tampons causes the vulva to be more sensitive. If you use a rigid, abrasive, or stiff tampon, consider investing in a softer or more comfortable one. Also, it doesn't help that during menstruation, hormonal changes often (but not always) affect the lining of your urethra. When the urethra is irritated or thinner, it is more likely to be agitated when something moves across it (like pee). Thus, burning is common here. Drinking more water will reduce the salinity of pee and should lessen the burn a bit. Getting more sleep will improve tolerance to pain. However, long term burning could be the sign of an infection in your urinary tract. It could also be a sign of blockage. Thus I would get it checked out by a doctor if it persists for a long time. I don't know how long is too long - I would definitely get it checked out if it persists after your period ends. It could be the sign of a yeast infection here. Further evidence of an infection would be red bumps that appear or vaginal discharge of a color other than that of blood (ie grey discharge)  I have had three c sections and I also experienced the numbness and sensitivity. Neither ever became infected, but I did have scared tissue. Mine lasted for a while afterwards and still at times it is irritated to touch(my baby is six). To be safe I would talk to your doctor about it to make sure you're ok.  Are your periods always on time? If not than I would wait a few days, But if your periods are on time, There is a huge possible that you are I would suggest to take a pregnancy test.  Talk to your regular gyn first. There Is a reason for your issues and your dr has the skills to start the research. They will start with a blood test for pregnancy. Stress can lead to an irregular cycle but so can many things. One of the simplest tests drs use with infertility issues is a hysterosalpingogram HSG. This test is done in an imaging department and looks at your uterus and Fallopian tubes using contrast.  Not good things. Your body needs a baseline of electrolytes, minerals and vitamins to survive. You can get by about 48 hours without them and then you start running into trouble. Dehydration, dizziness, fatigue, constipation and cold intolerance are typical, as well as mental grogginess. Its difficult to achieve restful sleep when youre hungry, and prolonged fasting can take a toll on moods as well. This is why most religious fasts take place over 24 hours, not 24 days.  You know, too many of us dont give ourselves credit for the things that we do right, okay. You say to yourself, look, youve done this before, youve been through these kinds of these things before, youve made it out alive, you can do it this time. Just take it easy, give yourself a chance, slow down physically a little bit. You know you have to remember one thing. Your body is like a machine waiting for a signal. If you start speeding up the machine, the signal is going to be hurry up, come on, weve got to go, lets go. If you slow your body down, walk a little slower, take it easy, stroll, dont get there in some kind of fast pace, alright, your body will get the signal, things are okay, were doing alright, and well fool it, okay. And always say, look youre a good person, theres nothing to feel ashamed about, theres nothing to feel you havent measured you, youre fine. If thoughts that come into your mind that are very upsetting, you say to yourself, you can say it out loud if you want to if nobodys around, Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. And what youve done is youve just mouthed a word, your brain has had to use many of the centers to even formulate that, so you are using much more of the power of your brain, and then youve heard it, so youve got a feedback look. You say it, you hear it, okay. After a while, you begin to get the message better.  Monthly hormonal changes cause mood swings and anxiety increases for many women. How to handle this has been an on-going discussion and it would seem that since it only happens during that one time of the month there should be something useful just then. You may wish to discuss this with your doctor or your GYN to see if they may suggest something just for that time of the month. You may also wish to begin engaging in some regular exercise program during the month and see how this might be helpful for you. I would suggest that, before you begin the exercise, you begin keeping a log as you go along. See how your moods may fluctuate with the exercise program and if it does, indeed, help at that specific time of the month.  I am having the same problem.My Stomach is so tender and sore.I have excruciating pain. I have had a lot of test and all the Doctors said was Gastritis and Colitis. I am not taking any medication for this and just wondering what I should do. I can't live in this kind of pain.There should be some kind of cure for this. I don't have Diarrhea or sick stomach.  can you still move the joint, without having to help it with your arms?if no seek professional help. Is there any irregularities when you move it, like grinding or severe sensations? if yes, seek professional help. Is there minor swelling? try to take a anti inflammatory, and use cold compress on the knee. elevate the leg above your heart, especially when inactive for periods of time. usually the swelling may cause a lack of circulation, that may cause the tingling sensation like when your foot falls asleep. Monitor the injury, as if it seems to get worse always seek professional help. Its always easier to treat then to repair an injury.    NO, you can only get pregnant while your ovulating...  YES!! Any time you have sex there is a chance you could get pregnant! If you want to avoid getting pregnant, you need to use a form of birth control. Talk to your doctor about all the different options available. Pulling out is NEVER NEVER NEVER an effective method of birth control.  If you are sick, it could easily affect your period. It's not necessarily the diarrhea that's messing it up; your body could just not be bleeding to save energy for dealing with you being sick. It wouldn't hurt to call your doctor to make sure he or she doesn't think anything else is wrong, but anything that stresses out your body (extreme exercise, extreme diet, weight loss, illness) can alter your menstruation.  That's not a lot of information to go on, but if you lost weight (especially a lot of it), went on some sort of medication, had an extreme change mentally or physically happen, or any number of other things can cause that. What does your gyno say about it? If you are not going in for regular paps, you should consider doing so, especially so when things like this happen to you, you at least know that at the time of your last pap, things were normal.  It is the way the medication works to shut down ovulation. Should restart soon. Also keep in mind that stress can interfere with your cycle too. If you are terribly concerned about pregnancy ask for a serum pregnancy test to calm your fears. For future reference use protection when you are unsure about your contraceptive method.  The only way to know for sure is to take a pregnancy test. Good luck!  I know what you are going through is scary, I have had most of the symptoms you mentioned in the past. I think that it would be worth seeing a doctor because they provided me with a lot help and now I am more stable. I know that it can also be scary going to a doctor, but remember that you are in control of the situation and if you feel uncomfortable suggest a new doctor. I hope this helps.  Only downfall is bleeding a lot afterwards but it depends on your cycle. It does help some woman with cramping. One day you decide to do the deed while on your monthly can help with certain things and the next time you try it, it might not work out like the first time. Depends on how your body reacts.  It's a good possibility if you have regular periods. Have you taken a test with first morning urine?  It's a possiblity you can be pregnant if you had sex within that time and or your menstrual cycle can be changing. In any event i will consult with your OBGYN and/or primary care physican  It's a possibility but I will take a eary pregnant test to rule it out.  If you have had unprotected sex before your symptoms started it's possible you may have a STD.  Hello Friend, You don't have to worry about any thing, i assure you that you won't get pregnant, because you have your period, and finger does not cause pregnancy, even it has some premature ejaculatory.   Honestly, not always does that happen. But be mind, that having inprotected sex, and having your partner ejactulate while doing so, is possible. It's not a myth that after a woman has her period that when she starts a new ovulatuion cycle, that she is most fertile. It is actually proven and suggested if a couple wants a child, that its the way to go about it. I would suggest getting a pregnacy test a day before or after you next missed( If it is missed) period.  Anytime that you have unprotected sex and are not using any form of contraception, you are at risk to getting pregnant. Why did you have sex with your boyfriend without a condom? Had he worn one, you would not be freaking out right now. If you start showing any signs of pregnancy, you will need to do a home pregnancy test or see your medical provider for an examination.  I think you should see or consult your women's health professional -- someone who knows you and your medical history -- for advice. It is not that uncommon for women tooccasionally skip a period and not be pregnant, but I don't know have any way of giving you a patient-specific reason over the Internet. You are concerned. Get it checked out.  That would really depend on what KIND of lung disease you have; the extent of your disease, and your oxygen levels on room air. You will need to discuss this with your doctor -- someone who knows you and your case, to see if supplemental oxygen is necessary or desirable in your case.  Yes, if you are having unprotected sex, especially on days that you have calculated to be fertile times (ovulation), and your male partner is capable of fathering a child, it is possible that you could be pregnant. Only time....and a positive pregnancy test....will confirm this. If your period is not due for 14 days, you are likely to be mid-cycle, so it is too early to start getting pregnancy tests. Wait a few more weeks. Your white, milky discharge is not a definitive sign of pregnancy  A late or missed period is just one presumptive sign of pregnancy. Unfortunately, there are many, non-pregnant reasons for not having your period. You can repeat your pregnancy test, or have your medical provider order a more sensitive blood pregnancy test. In the meantime, enjoy your new relationship and try not to stress over this missed period. If you are trying to conceive, you are likely to be successful. If not now, soon.  Cranberry juice should not discolor your urine, like blood, so perhaps what you are seeing IS blood.....  Probably not. You are unlikely to ovulate the day after your period ended. With that said, if you do not want to get pregnant, it would be wise not to ever have unprotected sex. It is not worth the worry. Remember that the body is designed to achieve pregnancy. Sperm can remain viable in your genital tract for days, just waiting for an egg (ovum) to appear.  An allergic reaction would typically itch and have hives, but not always. I have no way of really knowing if you had a Cefzil allergic reaction or not, but you can have a skin test to be sure. A person with 5th disease (erythema infectiosum) can have occasional "relapses" of the lacy rash on the lower arms and thighs, as well as the characteristic "slapped face" appearance, for weeks after the initial disease.  See your medical provider or gynecologist. There is a more sensitive blood pregnancy test that you can have. And, yes, because there may be other causes for your array of symptoms, including your late or missed period, you should be carefully examined and those other causes should be investigated.  Every person on his planet is unique/different. There is absolutely no way for me, or any medical provider, to determine the reason for your ammenorrhea (lack of a menstrual cycle) blindly over the Internet. Nothing is known about your medical history or even the type of birth control you are using. There can be numerous reasons. It would be in your best interest to make an appointment with your women's health provider so that this problem can be solved.  Many (most in fact) causes of bronchitis are viral, so the Z-pack may have done nothing. The prednisone may be helpful for a reactive/allergic cough but this does not cure a virus either. Neither medicine nor your disease should have a direct effect on your period, so you may need to consult your doctor, yet again, to take your evaluation and treatment up another notch.  Keep having unprotected sex and you will eventually find out. A low-sperm count (assuming he had it recently tested) is not a ZERO sperm count, and irregular periods do not necessarily imply that you are not ovulating. If you are trying to get pregnant and are worried about your success of doing so as a couple, then you BOTH need to see a fertility specialist for an examinaton....or keep having unprotected sex.  It is not very likely if the tubal ligation was successful, however, there have been cases where the tubes have reattached after surgery or the surgery was botched, but this is RARE; very rare. The tubal ligation is considered permanent sterilization. The only way to get pregnant after a tubal ligation is to have them surgically reattached or to have an in vitro procedure where a fertilized egg is implanted into your (healthy) uterus. There are many other reasons, other than a miracle pregnancy, for an irregular or late period, so if you are concerned, you would need to see your women's health care specialist. Sometimes, just making the appointment is enough to trigger a (late) period!  I think it would be highly unlikely that you could get pregnant in this manner, however, if you are not on an effective birth control or your partner does not use a condom, there are many other ways this could happen. If you don't get your period, you should take a pregnancy test in a week or so.  A certain amount of sperm can be present and viable in some of the semen leakage that takes place during intercourse and foreplay. It is possible to get your girlfriend pregnant without ejaculating. Of course, you are only "90% sure that you didn't". I not clear how you came up with that statistic, but I would be a bit concerned about the 10% chance that you did. I don't know if you girlfriend is pregnant or not, but if you are both this sloppy about preventing pregnancy, it's only a matter of time before it will happen. Why in the world are you messing with Mother Nature? Women are designed to get pregnant and men or designed to get them pregnant. By not being careful, the inevitable will eventually happen. There are only a few days a month that a woman can conceive, but sperm can lay in waiting for up to week in the vagina, so if you left any of your little stragglers hanging around, they have the potential of getting her pregnant. She may not be mid-cycle when ovulation typically takes place, but why take the chance? Don't be fools. If you and your girlfriend to not want to be parents, but yet, want to have risky sex practices, then it would be in your mutual best interests to get some effective birth control, or at least use a condom EVERY TIME that you are having sex or engaged in this type of sexual play.  Your period really has no way of directly affecting the behavior of others, but your own behavior may be very effected. In other words, you may have less tolerance to behaviors that you would otherwise ignore. Hormonal fluctuations can definitely affect you and your ability to cope. I know this seems like an odd coincidence, but I suspect that your five year old has the same behavior whether you are on your period or not. Is is possible that you give her less personal attention during these times? Five years olds are intuitive and may detect changes in YOUR behavior, and react accordingly.  No, men do not have hormonal changes, like a woman's monthly menstrual cycle, but men can certainly have random periods of anger due to surges of their own (male) hormones (testosterone), or for a dozen other reasons. The bursts of anger would not be cyclic.  Usually not, assuming you do not have any stomach pain or gastrointestinal reactions to the medication, bleeding problems, or other adverse effects. Many people safely take Aleve for years for degenerative arthritis or other joint or muscle pain. I am not sure how much you are using or for what reason, but if you have any doubts, consult your medical provider or pharmacist.  Some women who undergo an aggressive exercise program will have a missed or delayed period. You are on an effective birth control pill, so the chance of you getting pregnant is remote.....but, unfortunately, not zero. You can take a pregnancy test, but it is a bit early. In retrospect, it is much easier to use condoms (protects against STDs, too) than to have this unnecessary worry.  Go to the pharmacy and buy a home pregnancy test AND a box of condoms (just in case). While it is unlikely that your described sexual play could result in an unintended pregnancy, you are playing a very risky game that tends to progress over time. Feeling some stress now on both of your parts may motivate you to be more careful in the future  A better chance? No. You are more likely to get pregnant mid-cycle when you are ovulating.  I am so sorry to hear about the loss of your first child.... If you and your wife are actively trying to get pregnant again, it is not the number of sexual encounters/ejaculations in 24 hours that is the issue, but rather your timing....it only takes one sperm and you may be producing hundreds of millions each time, and one egg at the time of your wife's ovulation Yes, men do have refractory periods after an ejaculation that can range in time from a half-hour to many hours, but again, this is not a marathon. Don't worry about the number of times that you and your wife have sex, but the quality of that specially-timed encounter.  Yes, that can be normal, especially if you are nursing your baby. If you don't plan on getting pregnant this soon after a delivery (it happens), I would remind you that contraception is important.  I do not know the spacing of your cycles or anything about your sexual practices or medical history, but I would say that a few days late on your period would be a bit early. While some pregnancy tests can be accurate this soon, I think you really want a ACCURATE result. Wait a week or so....  This common antibiotic will not cause your menses to start or be altered. This is most likely just a coincidence, but it is always best to discuss this with your medical provider.  Yes, women can spot on their birth control pills, depending on their particular dosage, etc. If this happens on a regular basis, your medical provider may need to make a dosage adjustment. Birth control pills offer excellent contraception. You are unlikely to be ovulating the day before your period, so pregnancy would be unlikely as well.  Anytime...and I mean, anytime , that you have unprotected sex and are not using any form of effective birth control, you can potentially become pregnant. Your body is designed to become pregnant, not prevent it . I am reading between the lines of your brief question, but I am assuming you feel that your weight gain could be a sign of pregnancy. Obviously, not all unintentional weight gains are due to pregnancy, but you would need to take a home pregnancy test to determine if you are pregnant or not. Weight gain can be an expected response to excess calorie intake or the retention of water. Be more careful if you do not want an unplanned pregnancy. If you cannot use an effective form of birth control for any reason, insist that your partner use a condom....every time. You are one who should be in control. Given the choice of using a condom or NOT having sex, most men will choose condoms.  No. If you do not have a uterus, you cannot have a menstrual flow. The blood is the endometrial lining of the uterus that forms monthly and then sheds.  It may be time to see an ENT -- Ear, Nose, and Throat -- specialist; someone who has the skill and equipment to peer up that clogged nostril of yours to see if you have a physical obstruction, like a deviated septum or polyp. If not, a trial of nasal corticosteroid sprays (by prescription only) may be something for your doctor to try. Not all sinus infections (as a matter of fact, very few) are due to bacterial infections, so this could be another reason why the two course of antibiotics didn't seem to help. The ENT can also check your sinuses.  If you still have ovaries, you will continue to ovulate until menopause, of course. Assuming your tubal ligation was done properly -- completely cut, a piece removed, and the ends separated -- there should be no way a rogue sperm can make it through (although it has happened, but rarely)  A very slim chance, if any. It would be a very crafty sperm to make it through several layers of clothing, swim up your vagina, and then impregnate you. If you are having this type of risky sex play, remember that it will likely progress. Be proactive. Use some effective birth control to be safe.  Yes, an 11 year old child can have a menstrual flow...even for a day, assuming she has reached sexual maturity (breast development, public hair, etc.), but keep in mind that there may be other sources of bleeding to consider, such as vaginal trauma, straddle injuries, rectal bleeding, etc.  That "brown stuff" is likely just old blood. Many women will have this brownish discharge on occasion after their menses, not just after their first period. Talk to your mother or a trusted adult female -- someone who has been having periods for a long time, or you can consult a medical provider. Basically, this can be perfectly normal. Annoying? Yes, but get used to it. You are going to be having monthly periods for many, many more years.  If you are concerned that you have anemia, the ONLY way that you can determine this is to have a blood test for hemoglobin. You will need to have your doctor order this test unless you can find a lab to order one on yourself. If you are anemic, your treatment options would depend on the extent of the anemia, and TYPE of anemia. Not all cases of anemia are related to blood loss or iron-deficiency in the diet. Some can be self-treated by nutritional changes, while others cannot. As a vegetarian, it is your responsibility to make sure you are getting sufficient nutrients, including PROTEIN and iron-containing foods(occasionally deficient in some vegetarian diets).  There are numerous "gastric drugs" and each one would have their own side-effect profile. Since I do not know what you are taking (and why), it would not be possible to list the many drugs with their potential adverse effects. You can look each drug of individually on the Internet or consult your pharmacist.  Yes.  No, this would not be an underlying factor.  When you are not sexually involved....ever....you do not have to worry about an occasion missed period. It happens quite often to younger women. I suspect that you will have a normal period next month. Get your yeast infection properly treated since they can be miserable. There are prescription pills that can be taken orally if prescribed by your doctor (they will usually do this without seeing or examining you) or you can get some Monistat over the counter.  Eggs are produced in the ovaries, triggered by your hormones. So, yes, your intact ovaries may still be producing ova. You would have to discuss your intention to retrieve an egg for in vitro fertilization with a fertility specialist.  Have your gynecologist perform a pelvic exam during this time or order an ultrasound. A bimanual examination or the ultrasound may reveal the answer. One possibility of many could be an ovarian cyst.  The endoscopy is unlikely to have a beneficial effect on thrush. Thrush is a yeast/fungal infection common in people (like the elderly) who are immunocompromised. Thrush is best treated with the antifungal medication.  I really can't address your question, since I do not know anything about you, your medical history, or if it is, indeed, your ovaries, that are causing your symptoms. Women can have ovulatory pain, but without knowing your cycle, I can't really make that blind assumption. I would suggest that you call your medical provider -- someone who does know your history, and someone who has the capabilities of examining you first-hand;  No, an ingrown toenail will not cause diarrhea. There are no rules in medicine that states that a person can only have one medical problem at a time or that all symtpoms have to be connect to just one condition. So, the diarrhea is due to "something else"... If you are taking antibiotics for your ingrown nail, then that can cause diarrhea.  Not all weight loss is "fat" loss. During your menstrual cycle, there can be wild fluctations of weight due to water retention/loss, so I suspect this would be a strong possibility.  Not necessarily. Some women produce large amounts of HCG (the hormone that is detected in a pregnacy test) with a single fetus. Be patient....you will either find out when you have an ultrasound (most likely), or when two babies surprise you in the delivery room (those kind of surprises are rare anymore).  There can be hundreds of reasons for a change in your menstrual cycle, but being 26 is not one of them. If this irregular cycle does not self-correct and it is concerning you, you would need to see your gynecologist for a consultation.  Then, you don't really want ANY birth control. The birth control pill will certainly regulate your period but is designed to basically prevent you from ovulating....not something that you want to prevent. Have a good examination by your OB-GYN and perhaps have your male partner get a sperm analysis. If all looks good from both parties, your chances of conception are favorable. Eat well. Lose extra weight if you are overweight. Stop smoking NOW (if you smoke) and exercise regularly. Needless to say, have sex often. Nature will do the rest.  Yes. Ovulation isn't just one day that can be accurately predicted (unless you have an ultrasound at home!), it is a of several days. The ovary will release an egg, it will be captured by the Fallopian tubes, and perhaps, become fertilized by any sperm that may be viable along this route. The egg remains quite vulnerable to impregnation for several days. We also know that sperm can remain viable and alive for up to a week in cervical mucous. Your body is uniquely designed to become pregnant, so when all of the pieces are in place.....pregnancy may result.  The pregnancy risk is very small....but not "zero". While I commend your attempts to limit your sexual activity to mutual masturbation, you have a responsibility to keep viable semen away.... ....from your female partner's genital area.  Any time that you have sex......without a condom, whether there is an ejaculation or not....is risky for an unintentional pregnancy. Plan B needs to be taking within 72 hours of unprotected sex, so five days is too late now. You have made TWO major mistakes: Allowing your male partner to have vaginal sex without a condom...even for a "few minutes" and even it "didn't feel good". And, waiting too long to use Plan B effectively. You need to be on a more effective contraceptive, like the birth control pill, AND you need to be more assertive when insisting on condom use. Give a horny guy a choice between sex ONLY with a condom or no sex at all....guess which one he will choose? It is a waiting game now. Hopefully, these careless acts will not result in an unintentional pregnancy for you (your boyfriend does not risk pregnancy, obviously).  Trying to guess another medical provider's rationale for doing tests is like predicting what my wife wants me to do on my day off. Impossible. A blood test for pregnancy is considered to be more accurate in detecting pregnancy than a urine test, so many providers will do a blood test as a back-up. I have no idea why your doctor would do any prenatal tests if you are not pregnant, but an Rh factor will not change, so perhaps she is just adding it to the blood tests so that you can avoid getting stuck again?? Just a guess. Your doctor is trying to determine why you are spotting, so this is just the beginning of the diagnostic testing.  Don't try to prevent pregnancy by these cycle-timing methods and the "pull out" (coitus interruptus) method. Stop having unprotected sex if you don't want to become pregnant. Period. The only way you will know if you are pregnant at this point is to wait.....wait for a missed period or early signs of pregnancy. Then, take a pregnancy test and then repeat the test (if negative) a week or so later. I think you will find it much less stressful to use a condom than to go through this period of uncertainty over and over. Be wise.  The simple answer is yes, but not all cramps are related to menses or menarche (the first menses). Some cramps are intestinal, for instance.  Get rid of your cats? Change your boyfriend? Only go to his house? These are really your only options. He may be able to be desensitized with a long series of allergy shots, but he may not be willing to invest the time, money, and effort to do so.  You can stay will hydrated, Sara, but it really sounds like you should be examined by a medical provider to determine the reason for your array of abdominal symptoms. There are many, many causes for abdominal pain, and you should not be self-diagnosing or trying to avoid seeing a medical provider. Yes, your period can be adversely influenced by an illness, but yours has been late for three months. Perhaps, this is why it is late this month, but as you know, there can be many reasons for this as well. Are you concerned that you are pregnant?  Your birth control pills are effective at this point, so condoms are not necessary for added contraception coverage, but they are important for protecting you from sexually-transmitted diseases. Yes, any seminal discharge can have viable sperm capable of causing a pregnancy, but your birth control pills should be an effective contraceptive at this point.  You are apparently trying to get pregnant since you are not using any form of contraception. Assuming your partner is capable of fathering a child, it should only be a matter of time, assuming you are capable of getting pregnant. These things, of course, cannot be determined over the Internet. Take a pregnancy test, but be prepared to repeat it in a week or so. You can also see your gynecologist for an exam or more sensitive pregnancy blood test. Since you are also have an array of symptoms that may or may not be related to a pregnancy, an exam would be highly recommended.  Any time that you have unprotected sex, you have the potential of becoming pregnant. Your body is designed to get pregnant, so it is really only a matter of time, assuming your fianc is capable of fathering a child and you are ovulating. Clearly, you are both wanting this to happen, otherwise you would be using some form of contraception. It is possible to have a period for a month or more, even when you are pregnant, so if you are having the "signs", start doing a home pregnancy test every week for a few time, or have your medical provider order a more-sensitive, blood pregnancy test.  With what you have shared, it is not likely that you are pregnant, if that is your underlying concern. Since you did not articulate a specific question, I am assuming you are concerned about that "wind" feeling in your tummy. Unfortunantely, I do not have enough medical historical information or the ability to examine you in order to specifically address this issue, but it may be unrelated to your pregnancy worries. I would suggest that you see a medical provider so that you can be properly examined and diagnosed. I was interesting that you wrote that "he did not wear protection"? What about YOUR protection? Next time, no condom; no sex play. Period.  There is definitely a chance, since viable sperm can remain for nearly a week. If you don't want to get pregnant, you only have two choices: no sexual intercourse, or using an effective contraceptive method. You will just need to sweat it out for a while, perhaps take a few home pregnancy tests, until you are sure.  It is safe to exercise when you are on your period.  No, oral sex would have no influence on the timing of your menstrual period.  Yes, having a period is normal. While some women do not have their menses when breastfeeding, it is still normal to have one.  Thick blood is not likely the reason......  It would be highly unlikely to cause a pregnancy in the way you described. There can be many other reasons for cramps or a change in the menstrual cycle other than pregnancy  If you are concerned about pregnancy, this would be unlikely based on the information you have shared. As far as the post-coital bleeding is concerned, I really can't comment since I do not know anything about you or your medical history. It would not be possible for me to blindly guess at the reason, so please consult your medical provider if you are concerned or the bleeding persists.  Assuming you had unprotected sex....and are not taking any form of birth control, then the answer is YES....you can be pregnant. You can take a home pregnancy test anytime; repeat it again in one week if it is negative. If you miss the next cycle, and your pregnancy test is still negative, ask your medical provider to order a more sensitive, blood pregnancy test. If a pregnancy was not in your plans, why not use contraception and avoid all of this angst?  Anytime that you have unprotected sex, whether your partner claims the did not ejaculate or not, you have the possibility of getting pregnant. The day before your period is not usually the time of ovulation, so you are probably good....this time. Whether than stress out over being pregnant, just INSIST that your partner use a condom, whether he objects to it or not. Given the choice of "sex with a condom" or "no sex", he will pick the condom each time. You need to be on another form of birth control as well, since you are already playing sexual roulette.  The vaginal area is very vascular, so even a tiny sex-related tear can cause some bright red bleeding. Since this can heal very fast, your GYN may not find the cause of the bleeding IF it was caused by minor trauma. Please keep in mind that there can be numerous other causes, including those related to your IUD placement, so it would be prudent to see your medical provider since this bleeding is a new phenomena for you.  The body can adjust quite well to the modest temperature variations. Living in California, this happens to millions of people every summer. Same goes for people in Arizona, New Mexico, etc  A woman can theoretically become pregnant anytime she has unprotected sex, but in reality, there are only a few days per month that you can actually conceive. Based on what you have shared, you were not likely at at time of ovulation, and your sperm encounter was outside and not intravaginally. It would be highly unlikely that you would become pregnant in this event.  I think you mean MAGNESIUM Citrate, not potassium. Magnesium citrate is a good cathartic/laxative and should clean like a tornado, so she will need to be in close proximity to a toilet, for sure. Don't send her to kindergarten. There are only a few wasy to clear a bowel impaction, and this is one of them. Cleansing enemas are another. Using mineral oil may be tried. The last resort however...one that no one likes to do...would be surgery, but don't worry, this is not likely to come to this. Hopefully, she is seeing a good pediatric gastroenterologist to get to the "bottom" of this problem.  You cannot get pregnant from anal sex, nor can you become pregnant when you are not ovulating (not likely four days after your period). It is best that sperm be keep far away from your genitals area if you are trying to avoid pregnancy, so I would suggest the use of condoms from now on.  Yes, you can see a urologist and agree to a circumcision if you feel this is what you would like to do. There are other ways to fix this problem, so the urologist will discuss it with you. If you are still on your parent's insurance, they may get some indication that you have a visit to the urologist, but since you are considered a legal adult, the only way they could find out is if you told them.  That is silly advice, but you do have a 50/50 chance of having a boy (or girl) no matter when you have sex...every day, or every other day. Chromosomes are INSIDE the sperm and egg...the "Y" doesn't really attach to anything.The fastest sperm is often the one that impregnates you, so if you want a boy, all you can do is hope that the sperm swims like Michael Phelps. There are many old wive's tales about techniques to improve your chances of having a boy or girl, but in the end, those techniques are no better than a coin toss. If you get what you want, you will praise the method you used. If you don't, you will not recommend it to anyone. So, let Nature make the decision for you and don't stress out about the sex of a baby that has not been conceived yet. Just hope for a happy, healthy baby.  Just wait...and sweat it out a few more days. While the chance of an unintended pregnancy is not very high, you do seem to be aware that the leakage of semen may contain viable, baby-causing sperm....something you are trying to prevent. The birth control pill is highly effective. Adding the condom makes it even more effective. I suspect your girlfriend will have a normal period and not be pregnant, but try and be very, very careful. Remember that the only 100% way of preventing pregnancy is abstinence -- not having sex at all.  I cannot see how any medical professional could "auscultate" (means "listen") and accurately determine the amount of fluid around the lungs. I would seriously ask for imagine studies (x-ray, CT, ultrasound, MRI) to confirm this.  Have your medical provider order a more-sensitive, at this point....and make an appointment for an examination.  It would be highly unlikely that pregnancy could occur from the scenerio that you described. There are many things that cause a delay in the menses, including stress. Because you both are engaging in intimate sexual activity, it may only be a matter of time before you both decide to go the rest of the way and have vaginal sex. I would strongly suggest that you use condoms, and that your girlfriend be on another form of effective birth control.  Your birth control pills will also prevent pregnancy, something that I think you are definitely going to need if you continue with this risky sex-play, It is only a matter of time before you both decide to "go for it", so why not carefully plan for the inevitable? Spotting or a milky discharge can be many things, from a minor vaginal injury (from that rubbing) and your own vaginal mucous. It could be a yeast infection, if you are also having itching or irritation. See your medical provider if you are concerned. Ejaculation on or near the vaginal opening is a bit risky. While it is not very likely you got pregnant this time, since you are on the pill and the ejaculation was not vaginal, you want to really avoid as much live, viable sperm as you can. You really can't trust your partner during these heated moments of passion, so must make him use a condom, even if you have not consented to going "all the way". This will contain his semen. If you have a normal period and no signs of pregnancy, you won....this time, but please keep in mind that thiings could change. BE PREPARED and be pro-active.  Don't be confused. Consult your medical provider to find out why?  Normal? No. It would be normal to have a period once per month, however, many young teenagers have not established a predictable menstrual cycle. You could consider seeing a gynecologist for a consultation. Some may tell you not to worry about it, and some my try and regulate your period to a normal cycle by using estrogen/progesterone combinations. Not all milky discharges problematic or a sign of infection. Some are normal physiologic discharges, just like tears from your eyes or mucous from your nose. Again, a gynecological consultation may be helpful to properly evaluate both concerns that you are having.  You would need to take a home pregnancy test; and then repeat it in a week or so. You can also get your medical provider to order a more-sensitive, blood pregnancy test. If you do not want to have an unplanned pregnancy, it would be wise to be more diligent in preventing one (oral contraceptives, condoms, etc.).  There are literally hundreds of causes of vertigo. If your allergies are affecting your ear, namely your middle or inner ear, then it could cause temporary vertigo. That may be difficult to prove, however, in light of the many other causes that may need to be considered.  The next step would be to see a gastoenterlogist - someone that can visually inspect your stomach with a fiberoptic scope, or at least run some additional diagnostic tests. Medications used to block or reduce your stomach acid, or an antispasmotic medication taken prior to meals, would be one treatment consideration once you are properly diagnosed.  For this one time only, it shouldn't be a problem to take your birth control pills just five days early to be on a different schedule. Many women are deciding to do "three-month cycling" - taking the birth control pills continuously for three months in a row; having a menstrual period once every three months.This appears to be safe for most women, but always check with your medical provider first if you are planning on doing this.  Rather than bliindly guess at a reason, I would strongly suggest that you see a GYN specialist to determine the cause. This is not "normal", so you deserve a careful, diagnostic work-up.  No. Monistat 3 will have no influence on your period.  Albuterol is really safe for long-term use and should not be causing brittle teeth or emotional problems years later.  Yes. Stopping missing those pills!  She will need to specifically ask her doctor, but I suspect he will not allow her to take buffered aspirin either. I agree that she may need more than just Tylenol to control the pain, so this is another item that needs to be addressed. Many medical providers under-treat pain. Your mother is 88 and deserves to have pain relief and be comfortable without being overly sedated. Her doctor should be able to help with a different medication.  You can do a pregnancy test now, especially if you are feeling any symptoms of pregnancy, but be prepared to repeat a possible "negative" test in a week or so.  See your gynecologist. There are more accurate pregnancy tests, and of course, an ultrasound. Your tubes were not likely just tied, but cut, burned (cauterized), folded, and separated. It is highly, highly unusual for them to re-attach and for you to become pregnant. There can be dozens of reasons for you to stop your menses or even feel pregnant. See a specialist and don't try and figure it out yourself.  Basically, unless the test is flawed, hydrocodone will show up in your urine if you are taking it like you said. Repeat the test.  Unpredictable. You would have to review her medical growth charts, look at the parents, and then make an estimate. Some girls start their period at age 9-10 and grow quite a bit; some start their periods at age 15 and do not grow as much.  If the boy parts touch the girl parts, whether you ejaculate or not, there is always a small chance that pregnancy could occur. Sperm can be viable in the clear mucous that emits from your penis during sexual excitation. The chance is very remote, however, so I think you are good....this time. If your girlfriend is also having sex with someone else, that would be a different story. Having a little scare like this is good practice, If you continue with your risky sex-play, you are eventually going to have sex. Why not try and prevent it? Your partner should be on an effective method of birth control, and YOU should be wearing a condom. An erect penis is a loaded weapon, my worried friend.  What should you do? You may need to wait a bit longer. Some young women can have their first period delayed to age 16 and this is considered normal. Just because all of your friends may be having their period does not really apply to you. You are well into puberty, so the hormones are doing their job in the other departments....just not your menstrual cycle. Yes, there can be medical reasons, so it would be appropriate for you to see a gynecologist (women's health expert) for a brief examination, and perhaps, a blood test.  The tampon will over no protection against pregnancy, but your menstrual cycle most likely will....Assuming this is a normal period, you are not ovulating, so the chance of an unintentional pregnancy is very low.  A hysterectomy means that you had your uterus removed. Regardless of your ovaries, you will not have a period. If you are seeing bleeding, it is from another source, since menstrual blood comes from the uterus.  Having agonizing pain is NOT normal. You need to immediately contact the doctor or clinic that performed this procedure and be examined as soon as possible.  No, it would not be consider "normal" to be bleeding from your rectum, whether you are on your period or not. You need to see your medical provider so that you can be properly examined and determine the source of this bleeding. This is not something that can be determined over the Internet.  The vaginal and urethral areas are rich in blood supply, just like the inside of your nose. It doesn't take much irritation to make these mucosal areas bleed, but it would be nice if you (or your medical provider) can find the source. Sometimes, the tiniest of little tears can bleed. Some urinary tract infections will present initially as bleeding, so having a urinalysis would be good to make sure you do not have an infection.  Frequency of urination and dysuria (pain on urination) are two signs of a urinary tract infection. Another would be blood in the urine, but since you are spotting, this may not be noticed or obvious. Since urinary tract infections can be caused by sexual activity and you have been trying to get pregnant, I think it would be wise to have a urinalysis and a urine culture. It may be a bit too early to see if you are pregnant.  Anytime that you have "unprotected sex", you will have a chance of becoming pregnant. You did take a morning after pill and had your menses, so the chance of you being pregnant now is considerably less. I cannot blindly comment on the red bumps on your nipples, however....you would need to be examined by a medical provider. Why don't you consider getting some effective birth control? You still should insist on condoms, but at least you will have a reliable back-up.  There can be many reasons to have a light menstrual period or spotting while on the pill. It does not necessarily mean you are pregnant. Birth control pills, taken properly of course, are highly effective, so your chance of an unintended pregnancy is not very high. Can it happen? Yes, so if you are having any OTHER signs of pregnancy, a home pregnancy test or a visit to your gynecologist would be in something to consider.  How do you know this is your right ovary and not your appendix (located in the same area). Since self-diagnosis is often not accurate and severe abdominal pain needs the services of a good medical provider, I would strongly suggest that you get properly diagnosed. There can be many thing causing your pain...from an ovarian cyst, a pelvic infection, to appendicitis, so please get it checked out...>TODAY.  No, this antibiotic will not cause a missed period, so there is another reason.  Worried? No, but you should be concerned enough to see a gynecologist to see if a logical reason can be determined.  My advice is for you to see a gynecologist to determine why your menses is delayed. There are hormonal ways of correcting this problem.  Many offices have policies that they can only give HIV results in person. You did not say you were tested, but you should be tested....not once but several times over the next year just to be sure. If you had unprotected sex with someone who is HIV positive, you were most likely exposed. It is not possible to determine individual risk based on this one (or more?) sexual encounters, so this is why you need to be tested a few times, and start using condoms.  Yes, spotting can be common on this form of birth control. It may improve with time, or you may continue to have spotting, in which case you may have to find a different hormonal birth control method.  That is possible. If she has been showing progressive signs of puberty (breast development, pubic hair, etc.) for a while, a brown discharge could be a small amount of menstrual blood. The clear, mucous-like, or sticky discharge for the last six months could have been estrogenization (the body starting to produce estrogen). Menarche (the beginning of menses) is unpredictable. Sometimes, these initial periods of spotting or discharge hallmark the beginning of regular cycles, but may not. She could easily have a first period, and then not have a next period for months. She may have not had "the movie" on puberty at school just yet, so it will be up to you to address her questions and concerns (she will have many), or visit your local bookstore. There are some wonderful books for girls regarding this subject, so think about buying her one to read in private. First periods can be exciting or frightening (or even both), so having some open communication with a mother or a caring older sister is essential. Mark this brown spotting on the calendar and see what happens over the next few days, or few months.  Xanax is fast-acting as an anti-anxiety medication.....less than a half-hour in some people.  In the world of conception, just about anything is possible when you are havinig unprotected sex. If this is truly your normal period, it certainly would be less likely to be ovulating a day before. Because of your prior pregnancy experience, I can understand your concern. You are wise to be cautious.....and it is okay to continue to worry a bit until you have a negative pregnancy test or another normal period.  If you are having sex and not using any form of birth control, you definitely could be pregnant. You can do a home pregnancy test or have your medical provider order a more sensitive blood pregnancy test, as well as an examination.  Sure...assuming all of the other parts are intact and function (like your uterus), you should ovulate from your remaining ovary and have a period.  It is certainly possible. Having unprotected sex for years without getting pregnant, you are either very lucky or something is amiss. It would not be likely that a medical provider would do a fertility work-up on either one of you now, especially since you are on oral contraceptives now, but the possibility does exists that there may be a fertility problem.  Did you have a particular question about this?  About half of the women who have symptoms of the UTI do not have at UTI, but rather urethritis (irritation of the urethral opening where you urinate). A menstrual cycle and the items use you for your period (tampon, pads) can create some of this inflammation; even shower soap or bathing can cause irritation.  Unfortunately, you may need to wait until June. It would not be possible to determine the reason why you have never had a menstrual cycle over the Internet. The causes are many, and we do not know anything about, your medical history, or have any way of examining you. And, yes, PCOS can be one of the causes to consider. A work-up may be expensive, so waiting until June would be prudent.  The true nature of this mysterious, raised area cannot be determined without a careful examination, hopefully at a time when it is evident to the medical examiner. Your description is just not sufficient to make a blind guess, so you will need to wait for your upcoming gynecological appointment, or better yet, get a sooner appointment while this abnormality is present. This is really the only way to know.  You bet, so if you do not intend to get pregnant, it is best for you to use a very effective form of contraception. You cannot use or depend on irregular periods as a contraceptive method. If you have been trying to become pregnant are having difficulty, you need to see your women's healthcare provdier for a consultation. Every women is different when it comes to their ability to concieve (or not).  You will not get pregnant if your story is true and there was no unprotected sex.  Irregular menses following hormonal birth control is not unusual, but it would be important for you to see your medical provider or women's health clinician in order for you to be properly evaluated, especially if delaying pregnancy is important to you. Alternative contraception is usually suggested. If you are hoping to achieve more regular, predictable menstrual cycles, this can also be addressed during your visit.  Women have gotten pregnant a 52 and even older, so theoretically it is possible. Is it possible for you, specifically, to get pregnant? I don't have enough information to answer that question, so I would suggest you direct it to your women's health care provider or gynecologist.  Yes, any time that you have unprotected sex, there is a possibility of a pregnancy, Of course, there are only a few days per month that ovulation occurs and contraception is MOST likely. Just before your period is not one of them, but just in case.....you should do a few pregnancy tests in a few weeks if you have not had a normal period. Being only four days late is much too soon to worry about it.....  Couples who use the pull-out method for birth control often become parents. This is not an effective contraceptive technique since viable sperm leaks out in semen before full ejaculation occurs. You need to start using condoms 100% of the time, or another form of birth control that is known to be more effective. With that said, yes, you do need to do a pregnancy test. If it is negative, repeat it again in a week or so. Tests taken too early in a pregnancy may be falsely negative. Being late for four days is usually not a big deal, but when you are not practicing an effective birth control method, this could end up being a big deal.  This early, a pregnant woman may not have sufficient HCG to be detected on those tests, so repeat them the blood test in a few weeks. So, yes, you can be pregnant. If you are having sex, not using birth control, and you and your partner is not sterile, it is only a matter of time before a pregnancy will happen.  There is really no way to determine the source of this blood unless you had an exam. It is not uncommon to have uterine bleeding (an early menses is not uncommon in any woman), but you could just as well have a small vaginal or introital tear from your recent sexual activity. Whether the source is your hymenal ring or not, would require an exam.   If efficacy is your goal -- preventing an unintentional pregnancy -- it would be wise to use a second form of birth control, such as condoms, until you complete one full packet of birth control pills, have a normal period, and then start the next packet. Even then, condoms will always be an effective second level of insurance.  I have no way of blindly determining if you are pregnant over the Internet, so I would suggest that you repeat the pregnancy test in a week to see if the results are more definitive, or call your medical provider to order a more-sensitive blood pregnancy test. Don't be too anxious. If you are pregnant, you will be pregnant for quite a while. If you are not pregnant, you should know in a few more weeks when the tests fail to show evidence of a pregnancy.  No, it is not normal. And, three months is long enough to have bleeding while on the birth control pill. Basically, you may need a higher dose pill to control this breakthrough bleeding. If you primary care medical provider is not experienced in doing these adjustments, see a gynecologist to get you started on a different oral contraceptive. This can be fixed.  I think you are talking about Bactrim (sulfamethoxizole - trimethoprim) -- a sulfa-based antibiotic. This will not adversely effect your period, but the REASON you are taking Bactrim may have an influence. Unfortunately, you did not share the reason you are on it.  Yes, this is normal. Breastfeeding does not guarantee that you will not start your menses, nor can you count on breastfeeding as an effective contraception.  Use a condom, for Goodness sake! Stop playing sexual roulette with your girlfriend. You may be fine this time....I don't know....but it is only a matter of time before she will become pregnant. Maybe next time.... Viable sperm can be present in seminal fluid, and that sperm can remain alive for a week or so. While a woman can only become pregnant a few days a month, sperm do not understand that. Many will just wait around hoping that an egg (ovum) will appear. You will sleep better if you keep ALL of your penile emissions...the seminal fluid and your ejaculations well-contained in a condom. And, since you and your girlfriend are clearly having regular sex, she could benefit from using an effective form of contraception as well.  If you are absolutely sure your boyfriend had a vasectomy and does not have any viable sperm anymore....AND, he is the only one you are having unprotected sex with, then the chance of pregnancy would seem to be zero. There are dozens of different reasons why a woman would miss her period, other than pregnancy, so please see your gynecologist so you can be properly examined.  If her breasts become sore/tender with her menses, having them squeezed to the size of pancake during a mammogram may not be pleasant. Have her call the mammogram technician for advice. Her period should not affect the accuracy of the test, but it can affect her comfort.  A partial hysterectomy is usually the removal of the uterus; leaving the ovaries in place. Once removed, the uterus cannot be restored...it is gone. There is no medical procedure that would cause you to have a menstrual cycle again or allow you have a baby. I am very sorry. You are still a woman, the same way a woman is still a woman after menapause. A vasectomy is the cutting of the epididymis in a man, but if the man had the testicles surgically removed, he would not be able to have the procedure reversed. It would be permanent.  You will be much safer IF you and your boyfriend use condoms 100% of the time. Birth control pills should be taken for an entire month, followed by a period, before relying on it for contraception. Use a condom. Oh, and one more thing. Use a condom.  Not necessarily worried, but certainly concerned. Not all birth control pills are the same...one size does not fit all. You may just need an adjustment in your dosage; basically, a different pill so you will not be annoyed by this breakthrough bleeding. Call your medical provider.  Yes. precum, as you call it, is basically semen, and semen can contain sperm, so there is small possibility, my risk-taking friend. You really have no business putting this woman at risk for pregnancy (or an STD) by "penetrating and all that jazz" without using a condom. No more unprotected sexual encounters. No more sleepless nights worrying.  If you have been attempting pregnancy for three years and have not conceived, you and your partner need to see a fertility specialist to determine the reason(s) why you are having problems.  Stress can cause irregular periods and longer bleeding than normal. So can hormonal fluctuations. It would probably be best to have a gynocologist check things, because it can also be a sign of trouble if it goes on for too long. At the very lest, make sure you are getting enough iron in your diet while you are losing the extra blood.  The sperm doesn't even reach the egg for a day or two so a little spotting the next day is either the start of a period or the result of a little tiny tear. Definitely get yourself tested if that will help you feel better. Stress can also cause irregular periods, as can diet, so it's not just your weight. Best of luck!  Chances are, yes!  Might be some kind of hormonal imbalance. its still important to see your doctor just to make sure.  You can use pregnancy test. it can let you know whether you are pregnant or not.  it could be implantation bleeding. is there any chance that you could be pregnant? When the fertilized egg implants into the uterine wall it can produce some spotting.  Beckkss08 what ended up happening? I had a period that lasted for 12 days that started on July 26th. Its now September 8th and I have not had another period.  I HAD THAT TOO. ENDED UP HAVING A HYSTERECTOMY. NEVER FELT BETTER.  YOU CAN MY MOM T WAS PREAGANT ON HER PERIOD WITH MY BROTHER FOR 3 MONYH  You did not state your age but a simple blood test can tell if you have gone through menopause. I was a lucky one and never had any of the side effects of menopause but did not want to leave the chance of getting pregnate to chance.  Sorry, but there is a possibility that you are. It was recommended by our doctor, to get the "First Response" pregnancy test at a drug store or Walmart. First Response was about $20. or less. She advised us that this one is most accurate. My best advice for you as a mom is, to keep a calendar. Be diligent about keeping up with the start and stop days of your monthy cycle. Ejaculation, or not, semen carries sperm also. I suggest that you get on the computer and learn all that you can about sex. If there is someone who you can trust to educate you, do that for your own information and safety! STD's are a really big issue. Don't assume that a person is disease free because you see no "tell tale" signs. READ as much as you can! Good luck!  You need to make an appointment with your ob/gyn ASAP. Be prepared to give her/him the details of this issue. Jot down a list pinpointing, as much information as possible. These are some of the questions that will be asked. How long does your cycle usually last? When was the last time of a normal cycle? How many days do you typically have a mentral cycle? Did you experience any pain at anytime before or during this episode? Are you using any type of birth control? If so, what? (Take the prescription with you). If you take these answers with you, it will save time. Good luck!  It may be normal for you, however, doctors have several medications now that will get you regulated. My daughter's doc put her on birth control pills to regulate hers.  It took me two months before I could conceive after having mine taken out. After about 3 or 4 days I started bleeding and it lasted almost a month and a half. I would wait until you have a normal period to assume you are fertile again. It can take a few months.  Go to a Doctor. Sounds like a miscarriage, but what if it's something else or it's infected? Better get it checked out.  Have you had intercourse? Could just be some left over blood.  If you have any doubt of getting pregnant, you can use ipill within 36 hrs of having intercourse. Since that time has bared, Take pregnancy strip test for confirming about your pregnancy.  Yes take a pregnancy strip test. also if comes negative, go to doctor - since irregular periods can be a symptom of PCOS  We had sex 3 days after my period in july, it started the 14th, ended the 17th,and we had sex on the 20th. He put on a condom but i didn't check to make sure it was on right  I don't think the condom fell, if it did he didn't tell me. I most certainly don't want to be pregnant. For the past week I've had really bad stomach cramps, I've been feeling nauseated, I'm burping like all day, I can't suck in my stomach, I've been constipated, I've been getting terrible migraines I've been really dizzy/hazy and it feels like something heavy is in my abdomen. I don't know if I'm just getting anxious or if it's another problem. I've taken 3 pregnancy tests, one on August 20, one on November 5th and another one on November 6th and they all came back negative  You die.  No, WebMD, it's a fact!  I had the same symptoms and took several pregnancy tests they all came back negtive. I went to my doctors and they did a urine test that came back negative. After that they did a blood test and it came back positive and I had a miscarriage at 7 weeks. So yes it is possible you are pregnant.  Hi! I'm no expert but I also chose the shot for my birth control and so have other members of my family. It was the same for all of us, our period was normal at first then eventually it went away as we kept taking the shot every 3 months. I quit taking the shot after 9 months and my period has returned.  I use to have the same problem. Stress can change your monthly period. Or your body is trying to regulate again.  Yes it not unusual to have a period while pregnant. I never had that happen to be however i have heard that its not uncommon. I would take a pregnancy test and see what it says and if says u aren't go to the doctor. Is the bleeding like your normal periods?    You could be pregnant. I would advise that you either take a pregnancy home test and then go see your Dr. or go straight and see your Dr who will examine you and then order some test especially blood test to confirm your pregnancy. I wish you the best!!!!!!  I have no idea what this is but I think you should go get it checked out just to make sure nothing bad is happening to you or has happened to you yet.  Sometimes you get so used to a drug/pill that it starts to not work anymore; it might mean that you should try a different pain reliever but it doesn't hurt to get it checked out just in-case.  You can, but the only problem is is that pills were designed to allow your period to occur. If you do what you are implying then you will mess up your cycle and will never be able to tell if you are pregnant. It's really a guessing game if you attempt what you are implying. So in simpler terms don't do anything that your doctor has not told you. This is referred to as drug misuse/drug abuse. And it can have some serious consequences (unintended pregnancy).  If they shown as negative then you are not pregnant. Many sicknesses can weaken the immune system delaying periods, and creating an imbalance in chemicals. Do not worry.  Some times you are pregnant and the home pregnancy test will show a negative, this is common, it is best to go see a doctor, get a authentic test from your doctor, whether it be a blood test or a urine test...  Yes its possible you should take a test and see or go see your doctor because as of right now you are late on your period. Good luck I hope you get the results you are hoping for.  nailah123 , Yes, I do drink a lot of water...I eat 4-5 small healthy meals a day. I just don't know whats wrong.  It is possible to have light bleeding or spotting during pregnancy. My sister in law did with her oldest. But it wouldn't be a normal period. During a period the lining of the uterus sheds since a fertilized egg did not "stick". So if a full blown period starts... my guess would be that your not pregnant since your period flushes everything out.  A faint positive is still a positive. It was that way with my oldest son. Since you are three months late, I would bet that you are pregnant. It is also common to have a little bleeding during sex when your pregnant. The best thing is to go to your doctor and get a pregnancy blood test. It will tell you for sure. If it is positive, they can give you instructions as to what to do. If it is negative they can figure out why your period is late. But you need to do it as soon as possible. Because if you are pregnant you need to get started on prenatal vitamins and get prenatal care! In my opinion, your going to be a mommy!  I cant think of any reason why it wouldnt be safe, unless menstrual cramping makes it difficult to sit still in a dentists chair.  No contraceptive method is 100% effective, so it is always advisable to take a pregnancy test if you think that you might be pregnant, regardless of the type of contraception you are currently using or have used in the past. It is best advisable to consult your gyno or use a home pregnancy test kit. Source : pharmacysell  A pregnancy test only reacts to the pregnancy hormone human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG). However, if you are pregnant, this hormone will not be present in your urine or blood until 13 to 16 days after ovulation (the release of an egg), which is around the time that you would normally get your period. Until this time has passed it will not be possible to see a positive result in a pregnancy test. Urine tests require a certain level of HCG to be present in order to indicate a positive pregnancy result. Blood tests are more sensitive because they can detect a smaller amount of HCG, which means that pregnancies can be picked up earlier, usually between six to eight days after ovulation. You can have a blood test at your GP surgery, but it is recommended that you take a home urine test before booking an appointment. Source :- Pharmacysell.   No contraceptive method is 100% effective, so it is always advisable to take a pregnancy test if you think that you might be pregnant, regardless of the type of contraception you are currently using or have used in the past. A pregnancy test only reacts to the pregnancy hormone human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG). However, if you are pregnant, this hormone will not be present in your urine or blood until 13 to 16 days after ovulation (the release of an egg), which is around the time that you would normally get your period. Until this time has passed it will not be possible to see a positive result in a pregnancy test. Urine tests require a certain level of HCG to be present in order to indicate a positive pregnancy result. Blood tests are more sensitive because they can detect a smaller amount of HCG, which means that pregnancies can be picked up earlier, usually between six to eight days after ovulation. You can have a blood test at your GP surgery, but it is recommended that you take a home urine test before booking an appointment. Source :- Pharmacysell  There are chances that yes you can get pregnant, but one needs to know a lot to answer. many women do get early pregnancy but not as early as 19 days cycle. Also like to know is your period length normal or has shorten as many women confuse in their regular period and pregnancy spotting. I do like to advice you to go for a pregnancy test or see a gyno. Source:- pharmacysell  First i do like to advice you to wait for the period, if you do not see the period go for a home pregnancy test. A pregnancy test only reacts to the pregnancy hormone human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG). However, if you are pregnant, this hormone will not be present in your urine or blood until 13 to 16 days after ovulation (the release of an egg), which is around the time that you would normally get your period. Until this time has passed it will not be possible to see a positive result in a pregnancy test. Source :- Pharmacysell  There is no safe time to have sex, even in the periods one gets pregnant. There is a lot needed to know to confirm about pregnancy. The best this you can do is you can use hope use pregnancy test kit and see the result. Also you can go for the blood test for the same.  Yes you could. you need to take pregnancy test first, if you don't want to keep it, you can use birth control pill, it's MTP Kit. you can buy from chemist shop or online at PharmacySell dot com.  yeah, it's 100% sure. you can get pregnant. bcoz you had unprotected sex. if you don't want to keep it, you can take birth control pills. you can buy from chemist shop or online at PharmacySell dot com.  count back 280 days, plus the first day of your period should be sometime early may of 2012.  If you had unprotected sex, and off the pill, You possibly are, need to go to the doctor for reassurance.  Charting your cycles and finding your fertile window can be confusing. The good news is that you are putting in the most important day, the day your period starts. A period start usually coincides with the time that our ovary hormones are at there lowest, when the cyst of ovulation from the last cycle has gone away and the body is just starting to pick our next cycle's egg. This is the most important date for your monitor. A period end date is much less helpful because length of cycle is affected by too many factors. I recommend continuing to do exactly what you are doing: enter the first day, best guess on the last day or just let it calculate the date.  Yes, my 14 month old son is proof that you can get pregnant on the pill. As my doctor told me, its only 99.9% effective,  yes you can be very well pregnant, you should visit Doctor ASAP.Good luck and congrats!!  First call your doctor and make an appointment right away. I had bleeding my first month and I didn't know I was pregnant. While your waiting for appointment you could get another pregnacy test.If the test is negative it is very common for women to have a miscarriage on first try especially if having trouble conceiving. Also if you were on birth control it could take longer. It took me three and a half years after being on the pill for thirteen years. Also try not to stress usually most women are successful the second time with no issues. This all depends on your health and genetics. Good luck and my prayers are with you.  I was nursing my daughter at the time, so I THINK we went with the copper because of the hormones in the Mirana? I could be wrong. I'm guessing I am since my periods are irregular now. Thanks for your help!  I have a daughter-in-law that had a misscarrage and had a dnc and got pregnat twice and no periods. Has the doctors confused. So the answer to your question is Yes.   of generic Plavix 75mg cost just .Know more here http://forum.internationaldrugmart.com/other-drugs-f39/how-much-does-plavix-cost-without-insurance-t4261.html   said it perfectly. If you want to be 100% sure, go to your physician and have him run the proper tests. You may also want to request to have your hormone levels tested because you could also just be experiencing perimenopausal symptoms.  I checked several ovulation calculators, some gave my 1st day of ovulation as the 26th & others gave the 27th & I had unprotected sex on Sunday the 26th, approx the 29th I wiped & had brown blood, not like a period, had to wear a thin pad for a couple of days, still cramping a little bit. My period isn't due until the 12th so it's way too early to take a test. I'm just really stressing out about this.  I would definitely consult a doctor immediately to get a professional opinion. They have the means to perform certain tests to narrow down the options. It could be a sign of PCOS (google it for description). It could also be a sign of something more serious. Or possibly due to hormornes, stress and/or weight gain or loss. Either way, going to the OB/GYN is your best choice to get the necessary medical attention.  There are different things that can contribute to your bowels being upset. It could be digestive issues, gall bladder, a parasitic issue, colitis of some form. If this continues I would reccommend you follow up with a gastroenterologist . I have suffered from these type issues myself and it was recommended to me to use a cap full of aloe Vera juice in whatever your drinking to help calm own the gasto track. It helps but, knowing the cause of the problem is always best.  No not at all your doctor should have told you this is the main side effect. I didnt have one for 10 years unless i missed my shot or had a spot here and there.  I know the depo shot can have horrid affects. The lupron depo shot is different, it's to help control the pain of endometriosis and help shrink it. Thank you for your answer.  I am 51 years old and I only have my period like once every 6 months, my Dr. told me its pre-menopause and put me on medication for it. You should see your Dr.it could be something else too. Good Luck, Teresa  If you are older, you could be in menopause, or you could have something major going on, You should see your Dr. right away.  I HAD THIS HAPPEN TO ME, SHECK TO SEE IF YOU'RE EXPERIENCING A YEAST INFECTION.  My mother went through the same thing. So by seeing her go through it and hearing her concerns about menopause I don't think that you should be alarmed. I've also been present when she visited the doctor about it. It's perfectly normal.  You might be. Be sure and check because i have 4 children and im pretty sure thats what happened before i found out.  If you're taking birth control and you missed a pill or two that might be the cause as to why you're spotting before your next period.  What i should tell you, is never do meth, cocaine or heroine with your vagina.  If she entered in contact with your pre-cum it is possible that she can get pregnant since it has spermatozoo that can fertilize her. If you or her have any doubts a pregnancy test can help you.  If there were no vaginal penetration or insertion of semen in your vagina it is not possible for you to get pregnant. However it is dangerous to do without protection due to ETS diseases.  If it's only been a few days then you can start taking them again, but if it's been more than two weeks it'd be best to wait for your next period. I'm not a doctor but I also suffer from cysts. I haven't been on birthcontrol in years but I know starting it back out of order can mess with your cycle and it might cause more problems for you. If I was in your position I would talk to my pharmacist. They should be able to tell you if its safe at this point to pick up where you left or to just wait.  Sounds like you could be pregnant. You should get blood drawn to test and know for sure. You can go to your local health department if you don't have insurance and they should be able to help you. There are also places like Save-A-Life that do free testing I believe, but I'm not sure if they do blood work. I think they can do an ultrasound though.  Yes , it is perfectly normal to bleed after conception. It is your lining that would have been shed during your next period. If you continue to bleed past what would be a normal period, see your doctor. To bleed any more than right after conception is NOT NORMAL. Congratulations  It's nothing! When you get overly stressed out, it can cause your cycle to get delayed. It happens to a lot of women. I'm sure within the next week or two it will return. If you exercise a lot too, that will cause a delay. I know when I was studying for midterms I would always have a late period.  You're most likely pregnant! Get a home pregnancy test.  It'll harm your bladder. Sometimes it will give you an infection bladder, that is when your bladder can't function well anymore. One more think, your urine is contain of toxins that came out from your body system, that's why you need to flush it out.  A pregnancy test false-positive can occur if there is blood or protein present in your urine. Certain drugs can also create a false positive.  Here is some information on and that may help explain what's happening, but it's always best to give your gynecologist a call and let him or her know what's happening and get checked out. You can also find lots of great information on our . The WebMD Answers Staff  Check out this article on , which lists many reasons this could be happening to you, including hormonal imbalance. Talk to your mom or other adult who is able to help and get an appointment to see your doctor. An one-on-one examination can give you the answers, piece of mind and treatment that you need. The WebMD Answers Staff  Unfortunately, there is no way we can tell you if you're pregnant across the internet. The only way to know for sure is to take a pregnancy test. are pretty accurate these days. Here is a short video on that may help. If your home test comes back positive, you'll want to make an appointment with your doctor to confirm that results. The WebMD Answers Staff  Here is a blog entry from our Women's Health expert that may help answer your question: . However, if this continues it's always best to get checked out by your own gyn to find out what's going on. The WebMD Answers Staff  It sounds like you're very concerned about this as it is unusual for you. My first recommendation is to call your GYN and let him or her know what's going on. Your doctor knows your personal medical history best and will be able to give you the best answers. While you're waiting, here is some information on that I hope will also be helpful. The WebMD Answers Staff  Here is some information that I hope will help: If you are concerned with the changes to your cycle, please be sure to contact your gynecologist for feedback. The WebMD Answers Staff  Here is some information about that I hope will be helpful. As you can see in the content, if you are having changes in your cycle, you should contact your doctor and discuss what's going on. The WebMD Answers Staff  The condition itself is known as priapism. Its defined in clinical terms as an erection that lasts four hours or more without sexual stimulation. When priapism occurs, blood that is sent to fill the penis becomes trapped, causing the erection to remain without relief. Not only can this be extremely painful, if not treated early on it can result in scarring inside the penis, and sometimes, permanent erectile dysfunction. Treatment can be as simple as applying ice packs, or may involve injecting the penis with medications, or removing blood from the penis to reduce pain and swelling. Occasionally, surgery is necessary to restore proper blood flow and drainage.  WebMD allergy consultant Paul Enright, MD, an Arizona-based pulmonologist, says it's important for children with allergies to avoid pollen when possible. Here's what Enright suggests to lighten your child's allergy load during pollen season: If the child is allergic to outdoor allergens (ragweed or other weeds, grasses, trees), determine when they are in bloom. You can ask your allergist, or check your daily newspaper or a weather web site for the latest pollen count. In addition, keep the child indoors whenever possible and close the windows of the home to reduce outdoor allergens from coming indoors. You may also consider running a HEPA room air cleaner in the child's bedroom; minimize cats and dogs coming indoors from outdoors (even if the child is not allergic to the pet), since their fur accumulates pollen and other outdoor allergens.  Nope  i had it in since Dec 2006  Ask your Gynecologist what could be causing your cycle to go awry. Maybe it is related to having your IUD taken out. Or it could be hormonal. As you are trying to become pregnant, are you taking any hormones? Either way, keep a "menstrual journal": a written record of how many days you bleed and how heavily it flows (and how much pain or other related symptoms you feel) on each of the days. Show this record to your Gyno after about 2 months. In the meantime, be sure your Gynecologist, he or she, is aware that you are having this bleeding problem. If there is pain, either while you are bleeding or in that region any other time including during intercourse, be sure to tell her/him that too. Write it down as well on the menstrual journal. The idea is to determine a pattern. If your system becomes more stable and your periods become more regularly spaced and less heavy and severe as time passes, that will be good because it should indicate that your hormones simply needed to adjust and are becoming normalized. BUT, if this does NOT happen; if you keep right on having either very long periods, or very heavy periods, or more than one period a month, or any combination of those things, you will need to have your Gyno do a complete examination and look over your menstrual journal; this will be crucially important, because you will need to rule out any serious health issues that might have either started showing up because they had been hidden by the IUD or have just developed right now. You may have endometriosis, which is a condition that can be disguised by IUDs or by taking birth control medications. You'll need to rule out anything like uterine or ovarian cancer, which are unlikely, but can sometimes happen. And you need to be sure you do not have HPV or other health conditions which can be catching. And you need to be certain the IUD did not accidentally cause inflammation or injury either while it was in or while it was being removed. Hope you are well soon; and good luck in becoming pregnant! If all goes well, before long you will have a healthy baby! First get yourself in good health. It is do-able. Be certain to tell not only your Gynecologist but your Primary Care Physician as well. And be sure both doctors know all medications and over-the-counter remedies, including herbal ones, you may be taking. These will have an influence on things as well. Better Health to you!  You may want to take a pregnancy test...if you are not pregnant you should call your doctor with any concerns you have.    yes  No  normal  okay this has happened to me before and trust me its most likely that you are just making yourself worried. if you are getting your period any day now then youre not even technically late yet. what signs of pregnancy? because nausea, food cravings/different food tastes/favorite foods making you sick, dizziness, mood swings, lower back pain, chest pain, tiredness, are all common period symptoms. its probably just pms. and you wouldnt feel like you were about to start your period if you were pregnant. you wouldnt even have minor cramps. until you are significantly late, dont worry. and if after a week of not having your period, just take a pregnancy test. simple. you may feel panicked right now but dont get ahead of yourself. just wait it out.  okay, well the thing is i don't want to be put onto another birth control. i wanted to get taken off because it screws up my hormones and my fiance and i are trying for a baby. So i don't know if i should be worried about infertility or if this is just going to be my normal period cycle now. I tried asking for a doctor opinion but they didn't exactly give me one, other than it could be the simple fact that i took myself off the pill...  there's always a chance of pregnancy with unprotected sex...  This could simply be "spotting," in which case there's two pretty sensible explanations: increased stress can cause breakthrough bleeding if you're taking oral contraceptives (the pill), or your birth control is itself the cause (in conjunction with increased sexual activity).  Spotting is not considered a "true" period; rather, the first day of your period begins when you see bright red blood (instead of the brown or rust-color associated with spotting). Given the length of time you've been on depo-provera, it may take some time for your body to readjust to its regular ovulation cycle after being subjected to the artificial one created by the birth control. I wouldn't start those ovulation tests just yet--give your body time to recuperate and have a normal, natural menstrual period. You can read more about timing your intercourse to coincide with ovulation times here, or talk to your doctor about what's best for you. If you're otherwise healthy, I'm sure you'll be well on your way to a baby soon!  I would suggest that you talk to your health care provider, but I do think this is a situation where your body needs time to readjust to its natural rhythms. You could, presumably, go back on oral contraceptives to regulate your period, but seek professional health care if you are really concerned. Is there any possibility of pregnancy?  If you've never had sex, there's no chance your period is being delayed by an unforeseen pregnancy. Don't fret--you're young and if you're otherwise healthy, even a week or two's delay in your menstruation is not uncommon. You may find that this changes or regulates as you age, or it may not--some women never have regular periods, and there's nothing wrong with that. Here are a few things that can delay a period: If you are very physically active, you may find that you skip or don't have periods--a condition called athletic amenorrhoea. This is usually observed in elite level athletes, though any young woman who trains vigorously can experience it, and it often passes once her training becomes less rigorous or she ages.  I have cysts on both my ovaries like beaded bracelets around both and both my tubes are fine yet my gynecologist told me that i wud never be able to conceive naturally as the egg is broken down by the time it leaves the ovaries to get fertilized and travel down the tube and into the uterus it will break away to nothing, or at worst if it did manage to be fertilized i wud most likely miscarry I was pregnant in 2005 and i miscarried at 7 weeks and haven't has another pregnancy since, there are alot of advancements now, surgery to untwist the tubes, and if the cysts are big enough they can be lazer'd off there will be some way around it there is also tablets now u can take prescribed from ur Gynae that can make u more fertile.  Good news! The second day my period was much more normal and I (as far as I know) am not pregnant. My boobs are still quite swollen so I am just going to enjoy that for now.  Pregnancy tests can detect a baby very early now. What it does is detect HCG in the woman, which is a hormone that is present during pregnancy. It is rare for a pregnancy test to have false positives. A pregnancy test can have a false negative if the HCG hormone is not yet detectable.  YOU MAY OF HAD A WIERD PERIOD WHAT I CALL ON AND OFF AGAIN FLOW [LOL] OVILATION IS 2 1/2 WEEKS AFTER PERIOD NORMAL ESTIMATION IT HAS CLEAR SNOTTY DISCHARGE AND PAIN IN ONE OR THE OTHER OVIARY THE ONE THAT HURTS IS THE ONE DROPPING THE EGG EVEN BOTH OVERIES CAN HAVE PAIN DURRING OVILATION WHICH MEANS YOU ARE DROPPING 2 EGGS {;TWINS} IF BOTH ARE FIRTILIZED. I NEVER HEARD OF BLOODY DISCHARGE DURING OV THAT YOU DESCRIBE.[A NORMAL PERIOD IS WHAT I CALL IS[MY FRIEND IS VISITING] LOL!!!!  MENAPAUSE CAN TAKE ALONG TIME BUT 6 YEARS I WOULD BE A LITTLE CONCERNED I WOULD SEEK A DR OPPINION YOU COULD HAVE A SERIOUS CONDITION MY MOTHER STARTED SPOTTING AND PERIOD LIKE BLEEDING OVER 15 YEARS AFTER MENOPAUSE SHE BLEED SO BAD SHE HAD TO HAVE A DC DONE LATER A FULL HYSTORECTOMY SHE CANCER LATER WE FOUND OUT BUT EVEN OTHER NOT SO SERIOUS ISSUES CAN CAUSE BLEEDING OR SPOTTING  HORMONE LEVELS CHANGE DURRING YOUR PERIOD OR RIGHT BEFORE YOUR PERIOD [DROP] CAUSES THOSE ISSUES. BUT HORMONES DURRING OVULATION TIME RAISES YOUR SEXUALL DRIVE ITS PART OF HUMAN NATURE TO REPRODUCE! SO THANK GOD FOR HORMONES AND ALL THE LITTLE BABIES THAT WE CREATE AND AS WOMAN WE GET TO CARRY FOR 10 MONTHS WICH MOST PEOPLE THINK IS 9 MONTHS[ YA FOR HUMAN NATURE AND OVULATION AND HORMONES !!!!!]  SOME PEOPLE NEED BLOOD TEST TO DETIRMINE PREGNANCY BECOUSE THEY ONLY GET FALSE NEGATIVE RESULTS DID YOU WAIT THE EXACT TIME TO READ THE TEST ITS VERY IMPORTANT TO I WOULD GET A BLOOD TEST DONE I HAD 2 TEST BE POSITIVE AT HOME AND 1 NEGATIVE AT A FREE WALK IN CLINIC [I KNEW I WAS PREGNANT [ MY GUTT FEELING] I MADE A APPT W MY DR THE TEST HE GAVE ME WAS TO BE READ AFTER 5 MIN AND IT DID NOT TURN POSSITVE EARLY AT ALL IT WAS AT 5 MIN EXACTLY THE PLUS SIGN SHOWED!! MY DR CALLED THE FREE CLINIC AND ADVISED THEM TO WAIT TO READ RESULTS AND TELL PATIENTS THE RESULTS AFTER THE RIGHT TIME HAS ELASPED. THEY TRIED TO GET ME TO START BIRTH CONTROL THAT DAY [DEPOE SHOT] WICH COULD OF CAUSED ISSUES WITH MY CHILD IT TOOK ME AND MY HUSBAND 13 YEARS TO GET PREGNANT WITH OUR GIRL I WAS 29 YEARS OLD AT THE TIME 13 YEARS AGO SO DONT TAKE THE RISK SEE THE DR.  if this your normal periods are like every month maybe not there is a test the DR can give to determine if you are starting menopause or peri menopause  Is it possible you could be pregnant?  I don't want to freak you out, but it is a definite possible sign of miscarriage. I just went through one :(  I went just short of 6 months before without, talk to your dr. if you aren't having any symptoms of pregnancy.  Thank you first of all!!! And yes, it felt almost like period cramps only one sided and across my back. I get back cramps anyways, but I knew I was pregnant. Most women who miscarry early on have no idea they just think it was a late period, if you start having any tissue like clots come out then you are having a miscarriage, but there's no real way to tell if you didn't know you were pregnant hun. It could just be a late weird period! I hope so!!!  Sleep Apnea is a type of sleep disorder characterized by pauses in breathing or instances of shallow or infrequent breathing during sleep. When it comes to your additional information, I am not sue if you want to know what it is, or why you get it after you eat. You could have narcolepsy or sleep apnea. You could have hypoglycemia. Your body's ability to store glucose is impaired or you have a parasite stealing your glucose so you feel alright or even ecstatic for a short time after eating then fall asleep. Take a look at this sites: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sleep_apnea http://www.livestrong.com/article/37201-am-tired-after-eating/  Congrats you are preg... but to be sure have a talk with doctor also. :)  I think so  Hi, I recently had the same thing happen to me. Stress can do crazy things to our bodies such as missing a period which is what has happened here since your body was on a crazy schedule.  I personally don't think this is something that should be home treated, go to your doctor. If you use them, are you sure that you completely removed tampon after your period. I would think that the bright red bleeding could be from a small skin irritation, but the foul smell sounds like infection. Have you tried warm water soaks? A trip to clinic/physician is needed.  While you are having vaginal bleeding and lower abdominal pain, I would let my body have a rest from sexual activity. There is always time for sex, but your health is the most important thing for you. Whenever you are having pain, your body is telling you something is wrong. Using the Plan B pill is not healthy for use as birth control, it should be used as an emergency measure. Let your body get in a regular cycle, then get on a birth control plan that you are comfortable with. Remember you can't have any type of enjoyment if you do not take care of your body. Snuggle up and get your health back. If he won't want, it tells you he would not be around if you get really ill. Good luck, get well.  no. you can have sex after 5 days of your regular menstrual cycle completes.because your ovaries are matured thats the sign you are getting your menses. you are in safe zone now if you want to get pregnant you should wait for fertileperiod.  after passing a board exam from the American Medical Massage Association and training under a chiropractor, I worked in this area quite a bit. The area that you are referring to is essentially the "tail bone" region so it makes sense that you would be having the sensation of rubbing in your hip bones. Depending on where you live, I would look for a massage therapist who is board certified (you can gogle the American Medical Massage Association for a list of people who have passed the exam), or you can always contact a reputable chiropractor. If all else fails, feel free to reach out to the Blue Heron Academy in Grand Rapids, Michigan where they have a large referral database of people across the country who may be able to give you some pain relief through manual therapy, accupuncture, nutrition / herbs, or chiropractic.  How is your diet? Be sure to eat healthy and enough calories. Secondly, it is not uncommon to have hormone fluctuations at that age. My aunt was an OB-GYN and had to put me on the pill at that age since I was simply fairly athletic and my periods were extremely hit and miss.  hold urine in always good for health because it cause remove bad waste products from body and not cause urinary tract infections because use toilet always bad for health because it cause urinary tract infections and not cause remove bad waste products from body each day and night.  The Depo shot is not a guarantee that you will no longer have your period and/or cramps. It works for some more then others.It could even take more then a few months for it to stop. I would strongly caution you to be happy to have your period. I was on the depo shot for 5.5 years and have been off for over a year and a half and my period has still not returned. If those are the results your going for then speak to your PCP or OBGYN and see if there are any alternatives. I.  It is possible that you are pregnant but it could also have been a miscarriage. You should definitely go see your doctor. It is pretty uncommon to get a false positive on a pregnancy test. Good luck to you  That's exactly how it started for me. Girls usually start around 6 to 12 months after the discharge starts. The reason is is brown is because it is so slow. My Gyno told me this: Imagine the body as an oven and the blood as something being baked, the longer it takes to come out, the darker it becomes. It may even turn black, but that's totally normal.  You really should go see your doctor. Do you have any abdominal pain? Maybe you have Endometriosis. Endometriosis can mess up your cycle, cause headaches and mess with your bowel movements. Since you already have two children, you would most likely know if you are pregnant. Were your other pregnancies like this? Best of luck.  You could have experienced implantation bleeding, which almost seems like a period and happens between 5-8 days after conceiving. Not all women experience this but I would say take a test or go see your doctor and see if you could do a blood pregnancy test. Good luck!  Yes...everytime im pregnant I don't know it because i'm always having my period..it happened twice  Not necessarily. Sometimes, especially in women who have normally light periods, your period can just not come for a month. It's pretty common for periods to be irregular sometimes. There were a few times in which I didn't get mine for at least 3 months. My doctor said it was normal, and I got birth control to regulate my periods.  You should go have you iron level checked you could be anemic. I bruise easy so easy that I look down see a bruise and wonder what I hit to get it. I am anemic and didn't know till i had my first child. Start taking a multi vitamin.    It can be normal since your body isn't used to the medication yet, but there are plenty of different birth controls out there and I would talk to my doctor, maybe you need a different pill.  Agreed, I would talk to my doctor. And BC is a great way to control a period as well. It could be your hormones though, if you have been stressed it can cause your period to be early/late and could cause you to have a different "flow". TALK TO YOUR DOCTOR, never be shy, better safe than sorry(:  I have read that it is typically 3 to 6 weeks after you miscarry. I did find an article that provides more detail:  A couple of things:  There is a window of 5 to 6 days in the middle of your cycle (remember, starts on day 1) when you are most likely to get pregnant. Considering this, you might say it would be irregular - but never say never.  I looked up the side effects and there is no mention of this side effect. Here is the link that I found:  The first thing that comes to mind is old blood. But only a doctor could really tell you for sure.  I have a friend who has PCOS and successfully got many of the symptoms under control including the weight gain and had 2 children. The key though, is finding the right doctor who will really partner with you on getting it under control.  From what I've read, Tarlov cysts are found in approximately 5 to 9% of the general population.  I would definitely go see a doctor. There are so many things that this could be based on your age, your 'normal' cycle, etc... but the bottom line is, you haven't had your period in over two months. If it was me, I'd want to understand medically, what that is all about.  First, I'm really sorry you are going thorugh this. From what I understand, the likelihood is not high - but lets try and back that up. I found this article that talks about when you are fertile - when you are ovulating. It's really right in the middle of your cycle. This would tell you that it would be pretty difficult. http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/getting-started-on-getting-pregnant Then I found this answer to "what is ovulation?" that also backs up the fact that it would seem to be unlikely. http://answers.webmd.com/answers/1197940/what-is-ovulation?guid=5 I hope this helps!  I would be very surprised if you are going through premenopause. I think you should go to your doctor. I know that might not sound very helpful, but it will ease your mind as well as help you figure out what is physically wrong. I wish you luck and hope you feel better.  I would take a pregnancy test if I were you, just to be sure. As far as falling a lot, I don't think falling is connected to pregnancy (from what I know). Vertigo/dizziness can be a symptom of pregnancy, per my friends... but I know there are other reasons why you can feel this way too - like an ear infection. SO! I would not assume inconsistent period and falling down = pregnancy.  Are you counting from the first day of your period? That might be why.  From what I have read about how pregnancy tests work, it should not affect a pregnancy test. Tests look for hCG, a hormone present only if you are pregnant. Here is what I read: Pregnancy tests are designed to tell if your urine or blood contains a hormone called human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG). This hormone is produced right after a fertilized egg attaches to the wall of a woman's uterus. This usually happens -- but not always -- about six days after fertilization. If you're pregnant, levels of hCG continue to rise rapidly, doubling every two to three days. Here is the link: http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/pregnancy-tests Good luck!  I hope this is helpful: What To Expect After Surgery Discomfort after surgery may decrease with taking pain medicines 		 prescribed by your doctor. The arm will be protected in a sling for a defined period of time, 		 especially when at risk of additional injury. Physical therapy after surgery is crucial to a successful recovery. 		 A rehabilitation program may include the following: As soon as you awake from anesthesia, you may 			 start doing exercises that flex and extend the elbow, wrist, and 			 hand. The day after surgery, if your doctor allows, 			 passive exercises that move your arm may be done about 3 times a day (a machine 			 or physical therapist may help the joint through its range of 			 motion). Active exercise (you move your arm yourself) and 			 stretches, with the assistance of a physical therapist, may start 6 to 8 weeks 			 after surgery. This depends on how bad your tear was and how complex the 			 surgical repair was. Strengthening exercises, beginning with light 			 weights and progressing to heavier weights, can start a few months after 			 surgery. Here is the complete article: http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/rotator-cuff-repair I hope you feel better!  It is my understanding that in no way can genitial herpes cause you to stop having periods. Your period can trigger herpes outbreaks, but the opposite is not true. Herpes outbreaks will not cause you to stop having periods. I would talk to my doctor!! Hope you feel better.  You should stop taking them and start a brand new pack on the first day of your period.  Are you on a diet, lost weight recently, or under a lot of stress?  Hi, My blood report and HPT both came negative after 17 days also and confirmed me that I am not pregnanct. I consulted the doctor and they suggested to take Ovulation induction medicine. Is it ok to take such medicine when I am trying for pregnancy?  I am taking FAS-3 as my doctor has advised me to take it for yellowish white discharge. About ovulation, do you mean I have to try on 16 or 15 th day?  Understand your worries!! I have had 2 periods this month. Had a week with no spotting...started spotting again last night! UGH!!!! I have to wait till january for my insurance to kick in!  It could be several differing things. One, a change in anything related to your hormonal system can cause an imbalance and throw a "normal" period off. Did you start a new RX? Change vitamins, etc? Second, you might be pregnant. I strongly advise getting a blood test. And lastly, always go and speak with your Dr. He or She will be much more likely to pinpoint specifics for you. Best of luck.  Depending on how heavy the flow was! If it was really heavy/moderate/normal for you and red/dark red then it was your period. If it was light and pink/brown you could've been spotting! Get a home pregnancy test to make sure!  I would say no. I did it for a while. and Herbalife is all natural, it should definatly not effect birth control.  About a week and a half or so. But a month for sure depending on the pill.. a month is always safe. Whoever purscribed you the pill should have told you automatically.  You should definatly go to a doctor about that.. 12 years is a very long time. If you are smoking a pack a day.. that could be a HUGE reason why. Go to the doctor for sure!!  Sounds like it's time to call your obgyn.  It's never a good idea to stack your packs!!! I would try a different brand of birth control pills, something with higher hormones in them. Another idea is to try a different form of birth control such as the patch, IUD, Depo shot...I personally didn't like the Depo shot because I had alot of break through bleeding and more pregnancy symptoms then when i was actually pregnant with my sons. Your period is a natural thing that shouldn't be avoided. It can be very unhealthy.  Some times Yes, Some times No... every person's body reacts differently. I wouldn't be worried if you got your period or not.  I would go to your obgyn. You may have something as simple as fluctuating hormone levels, or something more serious so I would deff call your doctor.  If your period came the I'm sorry to say, but no. Good luck!  Friday October 18. it goes by the first day of your last period.  A true orgasm only lasts a few seconds. You will not have an orgasm unless your being sexually stimulated they don't just happen like your period. I think you should do some more research about sex and masturbation because it seems like some of your information is off.  May be just premenstrual cramps. It shouldn't be related to ovulation so close to starting your period. Ovulation occurs 10-14 days prior to your period. I would recommend you touch base with your OB/GYN, to rule out serious issues like endometriosis or ovarian cysts  If you had unprotected sex, it would be good to still take a pregnancy test. Some women still have periods or bleeding after getting pregnant. If you are not pregnant, check with you doctor on what could be causing your spotting. Anything that's not normal for you should be checked out.  It's not uncommon for your period to be irregular at times, especially when you are young. Are you more stressed out than usual? Have you lost weight recently, or have you been exercising a lot? These things can all affect your period. If your period doesn't return in a month or two you might want to talk to a doctor to make sure all is ok.  It's possible, but not likely. Pregnancy happens around the time of ovulation, which usually happens well before a period. Still, your girlfriend may want to take a pregnancy test for sure arond the time of her next cycle. This answer will give you more information: http://answers.webmd.com/answers/1197986/can-a-women-get-pregnant-after?guid=3  Some women get pregnant right after going off the pill and it may take others a longer time. If you are trying to get pregnant quickly, your best bet is to first find out if you are ovulating. You can buy an ovulation test kit at the store or try a basal body temperature thermometer to help figure it out. The thermometer is cheaper but not as accurate. Generally, it's best to have sex a day or two before you ovulate. You can also try counting in your cycle....most women ovulate between days 10 and 14. may give you some additional ideas. Good luck!  If you were not using any other form of birth control, you could be pregnant. You can get an inexpensive pregnancy test at any drug or grocery store. If you are not pregnant, make an appointment with a doctor to find out what is causing your symptoms.  What reason has your doctor given you for wanting to replace the IUD? It seems like it was not a great experience for you. Why does your doctor prefer that over birth control pills? I would go back to him/her and ask for more information before you make this decision. Different types of birth control have different side effects and risks, so you doctor may have something specific that he or she is worried about.  Your period can be irregular . Over-exercising, for instance, can affect your period. So can stress and dieting. If you are young, irregular periods are common. If you are older, you may be starting menopause. If it continues, you should probably get checked by your doctor to make sure nothing else is going on.  Unprotected sex is a risk in it's self, not only due to the risk of pregnancy but STD's as well. My advice to you would be to use this scare as a lesson. Always be protected no matter what the guy says. It's your body and your choice, and above all be safe.  This happened to me once and it was a miscarriage, I would suggest going to the er and getting checked or call your ob. If it was a miscarriage chances are likely you would have passed some tissue or what looks like blood clots that could have been grayish in color. Good luck  Ive also been having really bad cramping  Probably because you period can be late fore unanimous of reasons like stress, changing you activity's or or mother nature just want to make you miserable!!!!  it is very easy because you ovulate like 3 to 4 days be for your period including the day you start that's why they say its easier to get pregnant while you are on your period.... so id say like 75 percent chance  the first signs of pregnancy can start within the first few weeks it is different for every woman, allot of woman don't even realise that they can be pregnant until the morning sickness starts.  Missed periods can be caused by a lot of things but if your having pregnancy symptoms personally I would go to the doctor and make sure everything is ok  Its honestly a 50/50 shot, but when my period was late I was having the worse pain ever in my lower back because my body was preparing my uterus for the period. I say if you do not start in about a week take another test.  I would depend how regular you are honestly. Contrception date is a hard things to figure out because it could go either way. I counted back about 32 days from my missed period day since i have irregular periods to figure out my contraception date. Honestly, I just focus on the fact that I am pregant and coming in June i will be having a child....not so much when she was conceived.  I sometimes would get a brown/bloody discharge before starting my period. Is it close to your start date? It could also be an infection, if you are expierencing burning and itching I would see a doctor.  Can anyone help me?    yes its normal your body is trying to adjust to the changes nothing to worry about  You'll need to go to the doctor. With abnormal discharge, you could have an infection. I recommend seeing a Dr. since symptoms can be very similar between numerous types of vaginal infections. It could be something as simple as a yeast infection. Or, it could be a symptom of a STD or other more severe problem. Automatically treating for a yeast infection can increase discomfort and hinder proper treatment options of some other infections. It's best to have a swab test done to find out EXACTLY what infection you might have, and get exactly the treatment you need..  do you have a history of neck problems? Do you have any history of heart problems or high blood pressure or cholesterol? Compare your symptoms with cervical neuropathy and for cardiac arrest. I think it has more to do with your neck, but you didn't give much info, and I want to make sure you check cardiac issues...just in case.  It could be possible that you are. However, You should go see your dr and ask for a blood test and/or an ultrasound. Although the home tests are fairly accurate, I found out I was pregnant after a blood test was positive and I had taken 3 home tests all of which were "negative". Go see your dr, its the only for sure way to know.  You may want to take another test and also see your doctor.  I think if you're a week and a half late, then I would go ahead and take a test. If it comes out negative and the symptoms persist, then I would go to your doctor and discuss it with him/her.  from my personal experience, it is indeed after your first full period  how old are you? you could be in the beginning of menopause. I stopped having my period long before the hot flashes even began to start, like years ! I was surprised when hot flashes actually started! I am 53 now, but stopped having my period when I was about 40. I did not start hot flashes until about 45.  Rose, did you ever go to the doctor? All I can think of for you to do days later since the tylenol has already been adsorbed would be to have lab work drawn to see if there was any damage to the kidneys or liver. Otherwise I am not really sure. I hope you are ok at this point.   Basic Medicare through todays date has been $99 for Part A & B - Part D price varies depending what Prescription Plan you purchase or you can sign up for a Medicare Advantage Plan. There is also an International Coverage "Rider" you may purchase. Best option is to call an Insurance Broker and they will advise you.  Let me start by saying that while I am a mother, I am not a medical professional. When I was younger I went on chemical birth control (the pill). I have been on Yaz, Seasonique, and one other one I can't recall the name of but that did not stop a period for months on end like some do. In my experience, both changing birth controls as well as taking anything that alters your hormone levels like the pill caused abnormal bleeding and messed up periods. I was always told these things were normal because of the hormone alterations caused by the drug. Some women have this reaction and others do not, but if you recently changed pills, it stands to reason some changes are likely. As long as you took your pills regularly as directed, there is a very very limited chance that you are pregnant, to the tune of 1-4 percent. You should buy and take a test anyway, just in case, but mostly because it WILL calm your nerves to see that negative result. My best wishes are with you dear, try not to worry yourself too much.  Hi, I am a mother, but not a medical professional. Fair warning. What time of day did you take the test? The test is looking for progesterone. That is the hormone that your body secretes, and then disposes of in urine, that indicates you are pregnant and stop regular menstruation to allow for the pregnancy. Progesterone levels in urine are the highest first thing in the morning when you have had all night long for the urine to sit in your bladder and be inundated with the hormone. When I became pregnant, the tests I took in the middle of the night a MONTH into the pregnancy were showing negative results, while first relief in the morning was coming up positive. Consider trying a test first thing in the morning, and if that still doesn't come up positive, it doesn't mean you aren't pregnant, it's possible, and common actually, that you are just not excreting as much progesterone as the test requires to show a positive result. If you ARE pregnant, you're going to have to see a doctor anyway, so you can even skip this and just make an appointment. It will save you the money for the test and it will certainly calm your nerves if you are concerned.  I have been on BOTH forms of the pill in my life. Those that stop your period, and those that don't, and in my experience it takes up to a month for the ones that stop your period to actually stop your period, but that does not necessarily mean you aren't protected against pregnancy. Having a period does not mean you are ovulating. Plenty of women have normal periods but are not ovulating and thus cannot get pregnant. The pill works by tricking your body into thinking it is already pregnant, which stops FSH (follicle stimulating hormone) production. FSH is the hormone that causes ovulation (release of an egg from your ovary). Without ovulation, you cannot become pregnant. Sperm cannot penetrate the ovary and fertilize an egg that is still within a follicle.  No  Do not get pressured into something you are not ready for! If you aren't comfortable talking about it with him you aren't ready to have intercourse with him. He is buying condoms but " doesn't want to pressure" you? Take a big step back and re-evaluate this relationship.  It could be that you are in a pre-menopause state called peri menopause. Your gyn could give you a prescription for progesterone to stop it for now. It usually occurs in your 40's - 50's. See your doc.  Typically you would spot when you are pregnant during implantation. This would happened a few days after ovulation. Eight days after your last period is too soon to have this happen.  Yes ma'ma is anything else happening. you see honey you can think you ar ehaving a normal period but it can also be known as heavy spotting and woman get confused with that as a period and it not. Your probably leaking your first set of milk . How long this be4n happening ?  Yes ma'ma it can also cause a Uti because if the person hands ae not clean they can put bacteria in your vigina which is not helpful because of viginia contains bacteria but nto bad but it can be harmful if things where to happen like that . You have have std like herpies from brushing on someone with an outbreak maybe not std unless his finger is cut and he puts that inside you then you have get infections which can worsten like a uti and go to kidney and your blood steam which leads to kidney and heart failure protect yourself honey. I know what I am talking about  Yes tell me more it... It is happening to me too  First let me start by saying that I truly am sorry that you or your FRIEND has to go thru this I have been thru a similar situation and there are a lot of people who do not understand but I truly do now with that being said if she is on patch's she is having mental withdrawls not physical because the narcodics from the patch's will keep her from withdrawal but with people who are on xanax have anxiety which when you have someone tell you that you can not take something anymore that keeps you from having an anxiety you are naturally are going to freak your self out which in turn puts you in an anxiety attack so she needs to try some self soothing anxiety methods like with she feels like she's having one try to talk to someone she needs to get her mind d off of not having the xanax or she can try to focus on her breathing the will calm her down in turn it will BRI g her out of the anxiety attack there are lots of other ways to help with anxiety you can look up WAY TO HELP WITH ANXIETY ATTACKS WITHOUT MEDIACATION. I really hope this helps your friend thank you and good luck to you and yours!!!!!!!!!!!!!;-)  also i have been making #2 more frequently  it could be quarter size blood clots  this sounds like me I am 55 yrs old and still am having periods not sure when my periods will stop  Have no initial bleeding yet  Thanks god.  I go once a day, but it depends entirely on how much you eat, if you're not eating much and you don't feel any discomfort or pain and don't notice any abnormalities with your poop I think you're fine.  yes they do so that way if u are they can help u out alot better  still very accurate  if you,ve had a recent illness or you are under or over weight pregnancy pre- menopause menopause change in your meds stress are all things that can cause your period to be late  sorry i misspelled (PERI-MENOPAUSE) not pre also if your not any of the things above in the other message and your period still wont happen (talk to your doctor about PROVERA a medication to bring on a tardy period  its still possible for you to become pregnant but since he didnt ejaculate its very unlikely still have a chance though  see a doctor or oncologist for better visual on your problems  yes it can delay  talk to your doctor about urinary tract infection(uti) (possibility) if u continue to see blood spotting use pads  My gyn told me I had a yeast infection even thou I didn't think so. My discharge was like yous well still is. No odor,itching,pain just a clear gel stuff. I was thinking of using vagasil again to see if it might work.   I was pregnant with my third daugther and was pregnant for 3 months. I don't know what to tell you. Go to the doctor.  I had gone 16 months without a period & then 'surprise' I got it again.  not sure but you should get that looked at by a doctor  0%  I advice you to see what book market it well http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00IY28A62  view this product http://abeeainkg6kuev34mbz96bk281.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=KENYDIET  maybe this book can help you http://418819l6b7cq0o25rhfprf3x24.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=MONOPAUSE  Okay - first you need to understand that periods can change especially as you get older, with more stress, more sex, ect. The brown discharge is probably old blood, and seeing as you said it had been 12 days that may explain why it is brown and spotting - and it can last several days after your period. Pulling out is not a guarantee method of birth control (not that I am saying anything else is guaranteed), you maybe pregnant some women have their first period after conceiving. Ovarian cyst are also maybe a possibility and any chance of toxic shock syndrome? But chances are it is just an abnormal period. If it continues or you start to have pain or new symptoms the only safe bet is to call your OBGYN. Good luck!  If you are saying 2 weeks since you possibly conceived then it may not be too early. Most women ovulate around day 14 of their cycle 2 weeks later would be when you should be starting your period. Early pregnancy test can sometimes read positive up to 6 days before your missed period. Test first thing in the morning, and if you get a negative the first time maybe try in another week if you feel you are pregnant. Remember that test are not 100% accurate.  YES, ABSOLUTELY. If she is worried of possibly being pregnant then its always a possibility IF she has been active in sex. I would think the next best question to ask is...Could she be pregnant with MY baby, in which case i would highly doubt the possibility. You MUST ejaculate. She MUST be exposed to some way of having sperm get into her. Otherwise either she is really young and fear filled from ignorance and myths, she is a manipulator trying to make you feel guilty or she thinks she really is and has had sex with someone else and is still a manipulator trying to make you think its yours.. you dont give her age or experiance or other times of sexual encounter.  Talk to your OBGYN . mine said i had fibrods that cused mine they had to go in and do this thing where they burn the lining of your utris you cant have babies anymore but my period stoped pretty much i only have very light spoting like every 4 to 6 months.... u get out same day and i went back to work 3 days later feeling brand new.. yea !!!!! hope it helped  yes i had the same for about a week ... i was told by my OBGYN it was my body cleaning its self out. Just go in if you get RED blood coming out..  no birth control is 100% . I was on the depo shot for my first kid, and the pill for my 2nd.... As far as getting pregnant that can happen any time the only way to be safe is dont do it... but then u have no fun and dont get to prove your love to each other......  I was on it for migraines. I took it for several years and then my hair started to fall out so I quit.  You didn't mention how old you are but when it comes to stress any age is a possibility.Stress can cause you to miss periods but it could be something other than stress.I'd get it checked out.  When I was pregnant with my youngest son my test showed no pregnancy.I kept thinking that I was pregnant so I went and got a blood test and it said yes.  hernia  Also, I believe this person gave me MRSA months ago before he contracted the sepsis. He is AMA, Im pretty sure; my main concern is I have a toddler in my home? I'm scared to death, yet dont know how I could squeze a doc appt i this week!?!  yes! its common for wemon to "spot" or bleed lighly during the first five weeks or so of pregnancy.  Also, I am a 17 year old female, if that helps. They already did a pelvic exam to check for any ovarian cists, etc. They said my appendix wasnt visible on any of the scans, so I might not have one? I dont know, I just need help, asap.  You have alot of options here as its so early but it wouldnt show up yet it takes 2-3 weeks for the best most sensitive tests to pick up the hgc hormone in your pee which tells you if you are pregnant or not, Itchy nipples can be hormonal sue to your period or even not related just a body wash or friction from clothes could do that.  No it wouldnt stop your periods the only way it could do any damage is if you wore metal which they are strict against you get changed first and remove watch and jewelry because it uses a tiny amount of sub atomic particles aimed in one area by magnetism, then it could cause burns but ive never come across that.Have you been sick maybe thats why sometimes women do that its the bodies way of saving energy for getting better, Or could you be pregnant? Perhaps stress made it slightly delayed, mine do that sometimes. If your worried call them and ask at the radiology dept and they can put you at ease.  You need to have hormone tests at the doctors, simple blood test to check whats going on. If you have been over stressed or working out alot or eating less this can all affect your cycle which on average is 29 days. Also contraceptives can stop it like depo/pill/minerva if you use any of those methods. Its not likely but an infection could delay a period slightly. Its quite normal to allow up to three missed periods before the doctor will investigate, blood tests first then a scan and laproscopy if all else has failed. Mine only happen three times a year so dont stress out. Your on the ball and are getting advice so it wont become a major issue. Good luck xxxx  yes. everyone is different though and you may have trouble getting pregnant at first.  Yes it is the result of plan b. I took it once and i had the same effects as you did and got my period a week later due to the pill that disintegrated the egg. The plan b box has the side effects as well.  I read that some people could get it from physical activity and a thick uterus lining (http://answers.webmd.com/answers/1197989/i-have-always-had-regular-periods?guid=1).  I also hurt my back a few years ago. I ended up having surgery but the leg numbness/ tingling kept getting worse. I done a nerve test( I forgot what the name of test was) at the hospital and it showed I had nerve damage in back and both legs. One doctor said it was because doctor let the disc press on the nerves too long. I now have to have a second surgery because they failed to fix a tear between l4 and l5. Please make sure you see a neurosurgeon instead of an orthopedic doctor. They really messed me up. My damage is permanant please see a doctor soon so maybe you can fix it before it's too late.  I'm having the same problem at the moment. I'm going to pay the gynae a visit tomorrow, just in case.  well.......we cant be sure for ur pregnancy...u may be or may not be...... it should be good if u ll tke a test after next 10 days....some times due to climate change periods came late...nothing to be worried....  check with your Dr. for HPV virus?  You will most likely miss all of them, but some women do "spot" or have other bleeding during pregnancy...consult your obgyn.  You could try a test from the store if you wanted to put your mind at ease about this fact. They aren't completely foolproof, but they might put you at ease. Odds are, your just having a screwy period and your hormones are out of wack. If this happens consistantly, you may want to have a doctor investigate this. Best of luck!!  It could be a sign of false labor, or of early labor. Your best move would be to consult your physician.  I used to skip the placebo pills and continue taking the active pills and skip my period for the month  yes  Get off the pills!! I was taking ortho-tricycline for years, 50 yrs old, ended up in hospital with "cardiac event", got to choose a cardiologist, chewed me out royally for taking birth control pills @ my age (and my Gyno had recommended them to help me sail through menopause). Little did I know they could have killed me...Cause High Blood Pressure, Blood Clots--I was a heart attack waiting to happen and Dr. said I definitely was headed for a STROKE! Get the blood test to show if you are in menopause to know for sure. Use condoms, get a hysterectomy, whatever, but don't kill yourself! When young, the pill is great; no place for the over 50 crowd.  where WE all live  Specialist has the treatment with drugs for short duration  DO pregnancy confirmation test.You will know.Future you have drugs to avoid pregnancy doubts if you take precautionary drug  Loin pain is usually due to kidney problems,Investigate for liver disease also  I had it done in june and they said its not safe to get pregnant it can cause miscarriage or harm urself and the baby. there can be lots of complication after this kind of surgery.   Could be possible of a sign of pregnancy some women have light diacharge during pregnancy. But sometimes is a sign of ur period. Buy a pregnancy test or see a doctor to make sure. Every womens body ia different  I wouldn't worry, unless you think you could be pregnant. I was having the same issue with my period about a year ago. My period was also coming for 2 days then disappearing for a day and then coming back. My doctor told me this was normal. Not all of your periods are going to be the same, especially as you get older. The thing you need to worry about is if you miss your period. Keep track of your period for the next couple months, if it doesn't change then schedule an appointment. But when i told my doctor about my 2 day periods, she just said it was normal and to be thankful.  have used IUDs in the past. It had to be removed due to heavy bleeding. I was still able to concieve.  You may be pregnant. That is what it meant for my sisters.  Yes,call your doctor and have them do a blood test.  In my experience yes. I have severe anemia and I got tired very easily. I got dizzy whenever I stood up or moved too fast. My mouth was always dry, no matter what. I got a blood transfusion, and that helped for about 6 months.  See your doctor. You may have forgotten to remove a tampon, which after a long period of time, will be difficult to detect as it will be covered in the same mucous that is in your vaginal area. Not only will it be difficult to see, but difficult to grasp hold of to pull out. Your doctor has the tools to detect the tampon and remove it.  your family doctor or gynecologist can prescribe birth control and give you the side effects of your choices. there are also women's clinics that can provide birth control. all of these usually require a papsmear.  Elizabeth, no my daughter is not sexually active. So we can rule that one out. Any other suggestions?  It may not be normal But it is OK. I have gone through the same procedure's, and yes it does take a while to have your period again. As for sex, I would have waited longer to have it, that could be a reason to as to why you have not had your period yet. I know they tell you at least 6 weeks, but It is best to wait a little longer. I would get on bc, rather then using MA. Or you will be in for another procedure. If your period has not started within a few more weeks, go in for a follow up.  I would have waited till the morning, that is why its a morning after pill. You should be fine with one pill, I have used it a few times in my life and have never ended up pregnant after taking this pill. Don't consume to much in a short period of time, its not good for you. they are only meant to be used every now and then, NOT every time after sex. Bc, or condom would be better. When you purchased the pill it should have came in a 2 pack you take one within 12 hours, and the 2nd one 12 hours after the 1st one. good luck to you, but you should be fine  You have 5 days after unprotected sex to take the morning after pill, as long as you do it with in the 5 days One pill should be fine.  No. Periods should last no more then 3- 7 days, even on birth control. Please see your Doctor right away  This is caused by your ovaries. You are either ovulating or getting ready to have period or have just started.   i have not had a period in 1 year sore nipples and litttle nausea..is it possible to be pregnant even though i am going through perimenopause?  I may turn the salt shaker one time only once in a while but mostly I do not use salt, the only salt I keep is sea salt. Good sea salt that dissolves instantly. We use too much salt,  I would keep a food diary and see what foods make these symptoms worse. It sounds like a food allergy if you are getting headaches. You may want to ask a pharmacist to see if these are side effects of the contraceptive. Sharp stabbing pains can be gas pains. I would avoid or reduce intake of inflammatory foods such as anything deep fried, any refined sugar or wheat products, and dairy products. I have been on an anti-inflammatory diet lately and have kept a food diary. I found out that I have a problem with almonds as well as corn and that it is best for me to keep cheese consumption to a minimum (probably because it is inflammatory). Good foods to eat would include fruits and veggies, fish, avocados (which have anti-inflammatory effects), lentils, and foods that have not been highly processed. Taking probiotics may also help. Keep your blood sugar balanced as much as possible. This will help with the shakes. So will the diet and probiotics, as it will help your body absorb more nutrition. As far as the cramps go, I think that the contraceptive may be playing a big part in that. getting more exercise when you feel well enough to do it may help. I don't really know what to tell you about that. I don't think the two are related. When you have kept your food diary for a few weeks or month (s), it would be a good idea to discuss it with a doctor. They may order some tests or they may be able to give even better advice. You may want to discuss the contraceptive first and then go back with the food diary and have a follow-up with that.  You can get a pregnancy blood test they are about 99% accurate. they tell you and they come back as urgent so you should get the results that same day. Yeah first response is good :) do you know if you were ovulating???  ok you should check your pad regularly, see how many times in a day you have to change your pad, you may feel dizzy, tired, just in general not well. you can have a blood test to check that your not anemic or if you have low iron cause if they come back and they are low you could be loosing to much blood. also you can go on a contraceptive if you aren't already on one as they will control and reduce the amount of bleeding. You should be only loosing 3-4 teaspoons of blood. i know its hard to know that but thats on average. if you have to change your pad every couple of hours that another indication that you are loosing to much blood. so i would advice seeing a doctor and getting some blood test done. cause im anemic and low iron to due to heavy periods.  Probably, I got pregnant 2 days after mine when it was supposed to be "safe"  My sister went 6 months without one and it turned out she had a cyst on her ovary, I went for 4 months without one for no reason other then maybe my closest friend was pregnant. Might get checked just in case, it turned out my sister has endometriosis. Could be nothing or something but you might want to get it checked out  Test again and if its still negative go get checked out, could be stress causing it or something else.  unfortunately yes and in some cases, women may have their period for a couple months while being pregnant. I would recommend seeing a doctor if you have a skipped period for a further conclusion as menstruation fluctuates in women. Hope this helps  Coming off of painkillers is harder due to addictive properties of them. If swelling is an option naproxen 550 mg will help as will ibuprofen. I am guessing if it was a back injury in which more than likely involves bones to look into lysine as it is an amino acid that helps with the absorption of calcium which ultimately strengthens your bones. I am not a doctor but I have broken my nose three times and the third time I tried that trick which helped speed recovery process. Another option is to consult a doctor. Hope this helps  First off don't have sex with a prostitute. Hopefully you have learned your lesson. There vaginas like a hefty bag that washed up on shore. Second, you were given an antibiotic that is going to take a week to clear up the infection so DONT have sex with anyone for at least 1 to 2 weeks. Finally, HIV can be tested anytime after it has entered the bloodstream by a simple blood sample and usually will take a week or 2 to hear the results. Planned Parenthood and other facilities like this do these types of tests Hope this helps and keep your junk away from dirty sluts my man.  nicole is absolutely right. birth control is a shock to your system, so it takes time for your body to adjust. it does sometimes take a month, depending on your birth control method, some faster than others. good luck.  if you suspect that, you should probably go to a free clinic and test it. just to be safe and healthy.  how big are the clots? pea sized or bigger. whatever the case, it would probably be wise and safer to check it out at a free clinic.  you may want to check it at a free clinic.  Birth control often works by thinning the lining of your uterus so that if, for some reason you ovulate, a fertilized ovum cannot attach to the uterus. When it sheds the lining, it will cause light to moderate spotting and will last a while. You will likely have this the first 3 months and then see more regular, lighter cycles with each passing month. It also depends on the birth control itself. If it continues past the first 3 months, consult your ob/gyn. Tri-phasic birth control (hormones vary throughout the cycle) always caused me to spot, but a birth control with steady hormones throughout the month do much better for me. It depends on each individual. You may have to switch around to find what works best for you. Also note that if you take antibiotics you can possibly spot or even get pregnant because antibiotic can reduce the effectiveness (so use backup).  It's normal. Birth control thins the lining of your uterus when you first start it, and to do this, it causes light bleeding and spotting for up to the first 3 months. If you are taking antibiotics for anything, it can also cause spotting. Other than waiting it out, there's not much you can do. If by the third month, it hasn't stopped, talk to your ob/gyn. He/she may want to try a different birth control on you. If you have not been on birth control for at least a month, and IF you SERIOUSLY don't want to get pregnant, you will need to use condoms until you start your second pill pack anyway. Talk it over with your soon to be husband (congratulations by the way) and let him know the situation and suggest he pick up some condoms, depending on how you both feel about getting pregnant right now.  If you are more than a week late starting your period, you should take a pregnacy test. Just to be sure. In my experience sex has never changed my cycle, except when I was pregnant. One of my pregenacies I spotted for only one day, which was not normal for me. So I took a test to rule that out, but it turned out that was the reason why. Hope this helps.  are you doing a home test or at a Dr office?  some home tests will not read a pregnancy until 2 weeks 14 days after your missed period. i was 4 months pregnant and every home test was negative, i then went to the Dr to find out i was almost half way done with my pregnancy already!!! I was shocked!!! i have had 3 children since then and have NEVER purchased another home test!!  The good thing is you can't be refused coverage, even if you get some serious problem. Start and stop it at will, What a plan!  yes you could be. birth control can cause you to get pregnant if you miss a pill or take a pill later than you were suposed to  it could be stress. i miss a month because of the stress. sometimes if a woman is stress out they miss a month. the pregnancy test, could be wrong if you are pregnant. depending on what the brand of test it is it could read wrong.  a missed or late pms could also means your body and mind i stressed out. i was so stressed out a few times i missed a pms. other times it would last one or two days. and then stop. but a month later i would get my normal pms again. if it is negative, check your diet to see if you are drinking more fluids than usual that could cause some symptoms like frequent urination, also another good idea is take the HPT again  do you have normal period? (28 days ) sometimes i can be little late but the pms does comes. some women do have irregular pms or get pms later or earlier than 28 days. another thing: are you stressing out? some women like me do miss pms a month because of stress. if you havent had sex then you shouldnt worry, but if you did and the other two options is out of question, go ahead and take a HPT to relive yourself.  IF you got your period then you should not be pregnant. however, if it was late or if the period was way shorter than it should be (from your normal period) than it might be a spotting. i suggest either talk to a doctor about it or wait until the next month to see if you have another period  some home pregnancy test can be inaccurate. Also it can be late for the test to be positive. (take the test too late can cause the test to be negative because of the hormones) that how most home test or all home pregnancy test works by the pregnancy hormones.  another thing that not mention that it could be cancer. ? but usually it stress or pregnant. i get them too but rarely.  stomach bigger... feeling movement in upper stomach... period regular... are you sure the period are regular. and are you sure the tubes are secure. i heard stories on "i didnt know i was pregnant" that women got tubes tied and still end up pregnant. but that is my best guess. other than that i do not know what else it could be. probably better check with your doctor.  http://women.webmd.com/tc/abnormal-vaginal-bleeding-topic-overview here a link to a bout spotting. hope it what you need  Absolutely! The man releases a little bit of pre-ejaculate during sex and it is entirely possible to become pregnant at any point in your cycle. You can always go get an over the counter pregnancy test to find out for sure.  It is possible you are starting menopause. To check for this you need to have blood work. You can get orders from your primary care physician or gynecologist.  Do not take this lightly! I went several years after being diagnosed with PCOS and having MDs tell me to exercise and diet even though I was. They looked at me like I was crazy and just flat out lieing to them. It took me many many years to find a doctor that actually did some tests which lead to a biopsy which was possitive for cancer. Everyone else said I was too young in my early 30's to have any such problem. The biopsy results came in on a Friday morning and I had a FULL hysterectomy and oopherectomy the following Monday. After I healed from surgery I lost a 50 pounds without doing anything different at all. I still continue to loose weight without doing anything extreme.  Go see a Chiropractor ASAP! They can often fix such an issue in one visit (Of course that matters on too many factors to list).  Ask your doctor about diverticulitis.  **THIS ARE ADDITIONAL DETAILS TO MY QUESTION, I HAD NO MORE SPACE** That day after the MRI when i went home, i went to urinate and lots of small blood clots came out, my pad had only a light smear. That morning before i went to the MRI my menstrual flow was still normal (my periods are not heavy just regular). For the following days my period wasn't normal, it went on to last 3 days longer than what my periods last. And there was hardly any blood on my pads but only when i would wipe myself. No more blood clots though. Now i'm back on my period, my periods always come on the 12 and this time it came on the 16th, the first day it looked normal but later on when i went to the bathroom there were blood clots down the toilet, and i'ts still happening today on my second day. There isn't much blood on my pads, just smears when i clean myself and it's only when i urinate that blood clots come out. Now the blood clots i'm not sure how big they are since they sink down the toilet i'm guessing they're the size of this line ______________ long, but there is probably 3 of them that come out when i urinate, they look like dark red strings, somewhat thick. I have no cramps ( i never really do anyways) and aside from the menstrual changes i haven't experienced anything different. I'm scared because i'm always on time and i know my periods, and this doesn't seem right and it happened right after the MRI with contrast. Did the MRI cause this weird changes in my menstrual cycle? now i'm also nervous and scared that it was the Gadolinium contrast. I have a doctor's appointment on the 28 for a follow up and i will be discussing this with the doctor, but i just wanted to know if being on my period during the MRI caused this changes. Thanks  Normally 9 days after a missed period, but usually wait around 2 weeks just to be sure (:  Does sound like some type of infection. Infections can cause you to be late with your period. You should definitely go to the doctor and be treated with an Antibiotic. Especially if you have noticed a strong odor. If you wait for it to clear up on its own its possible it can spread up your urinary tract into your bladder or kidneys.  Not a good idea to take more then one birth control a day. It will not stop your period. It can mess with your hormone levels and trust me girl you don't won't that!! Also it is possible since you are not taking it as directed it will become ineffective. It can increase your risk for blood clots as well. I noticed months that I did not take mine like I should have my period was similar. Severe cramps, it lasted longer but it was spotty. There is a prescription birth control that allows you to have only 4 periods a year if that's what you are after. Talk to your doctor about it and do some research. It might not be good for you to have high estrogen birth control. Good Luck! And you should always take prescribed medicine as directed; there is a reason behind everything.  Yes. Any antibiotic can reduce the effectiveness of your birth control. You should use other methods of birth control for at least one week after you completed the Bactrim. When taking birth control and an antibiotic breakthrough bleeding is possible. Probably the reason behind your worry!  I would go ahead and take a home test.  It is possible to get pregnant after a tubal ligation. Especially if you had the TL during a c-section. The fail rate for a tubal ligation is around 1 percent but goes up after ten years or if you had the TL during a c-section. Sometimes the tubes reattach themselves or a fistula forms. Although tubal pregnancy rates are higher if you had a TL than if you didn't have the ligation,it is not "more likely" that you will have a tubal pregnancy than a successful one.  If you have a gynecologist, make an appointment as soon as possible. If not contact your ER or urgent care center and get their advice. If they do not answer your questions and you haven't got a doctor please contact the local Health office. You could have another cyst or even Pelvic Inflammatory Disease or Dysplasia (which could be an early sign of cervical, ovarian or uterine cancer) I do not mean to cause unnecessary worry, I am only suggesting what I would do in your position. Better safe (and healthy) than sorry.  Take an at home pregnancy test (you can get one for a dollar at the Dollar store). If the result is negative and you still don't have a period by December go to your primary care or gynecologist or even local health office for another test.  Could have been a defective condom. Id get a pregnancy test or maybe a few of them  id chill on the pills. thats a little much  http://www.endofound.org/resource-materials  Over thinking it. Although pregnancy like symptoms can occur without actually being pregnant, they are rare. Kuddos to you for being prepared before having sex. Oh, and nausea might be caused by one of your medications, or even the birth control you're on. Headaches are often a result of anxiety.  I always had heavy periods from day 1. 7-10 days of flow. The symptoms were so bad when I was younger that my doctor put me on the mini-pill to help. This was even before I started having sex. I have always used birth control and it has really helped the symptoms well into my late twenties. I took the pill even when I was not actively in a sexual relationship. However after the birth of my son 5 years ago I started bleeding heavily with severe cramping that lasted sometimes all month long. Birth control did not help at all. This lasted for a year with me having to take iron supplements for anemia and a few fainting spells. After bleeding through my clothes onto a floor in a department store I had had enough an elected to have a radical hysterectomy. I was 29. I was okay with my choice because it was the best for me and I was absolutely done having children. My case is extreme however it is my understanding that if something unusual is happening with your body accompanied by pain, go see your GYN. That's what they are there for. There are lots of medications (hormones, etc.) oral and vaginal that can help and they do for most. Don't worry. Just get it checked out at least for piece of mind.  First and sorry about this but anything is possible. Is it likely that you were knocked up by "fingering?" I highly doubt it. However, when it comes to sex it is always better to be safe rather than sorry. Use birth control and condoms. Not only will it give you the best chance to prevent unwanted pregnancy but it will also protect you against STD's. Don't rely on good faith of other people or if a man tells you he's going to put a condom on and don't ever fall for the "pull-out" method. Put the condom on for him. Make it playful and put it on with your mouth. This way you protect yourself without getting into an akward conversation when your about to do the nasty. And if you are super concerned still, use a vagianl spermicide. There is no reason that one can't use more than one birth control method. As for when is the earliest you can take a pregnancy test, well I've read up to 5-7 days before your next period. Personaly, I don't see how the hormone levels would be strong enough to detect, but hell it's worth the try and you can get it over the counter. Try it but my suggestion would be to follow it up with a pregnancy test if you miss your next period. Good luck!  anything is possible! which side is crampy and has the back pain. Left side usually signals possibly kidney stone or kidney infection and right side could be an appendix problem. I would see your PCP or OB/GYN STAT!  Take a pregnancy test and consult your doctor. I see your 17, when you go to your appt. remind your doctor that your visit is confidential.  See your doctor right away! I had this same issue along with bleeding after intercourse with my husband and I had cancer. Go in now!  i just had my period on nov 6 and been having sex,my cycle last 3 days,but for some reason i'm still bleeding after 12 days later what does this means  It's never a good idea to purposefully try and change the dates of your cycle. Your body has it's period when it wants to, unfortunately we don't have a lot of say of when it happens.  Pharmacies carry things like Motrin and pampren which help relieve cramps and pain, maybe try that.  contact your doctor as early as possible that there is no evidence of ectopic pregnancy.  be sure that the menses blood is stopped fully, after that there is no chance of pregnancy in just couple of day. if there is some bleeding than it is possible that egg is present in last flow can create some tension  Sept, 9th 2013  #1 ask your OB for another method of birth control and there are lots of over the counter methods, see a pharmacist. You probably have high blood pressure too,huh? I had real bad periods and have already had a mild stroke. I found that if I quit drinking coffee and only have a soda once in a while I felt a lot better. I didn't have bad cramps anymore and I didn't get the cists on my overies anymore. Try that and see if it helps. Good luck.  there always is a chance, I know my firend was same problem, and she got baby.  You could be if you and your partner had sex, and if he came inside you. But you could always go get a blood test, depending on how long ago you had sex.  yes  I wouldn't worry. While it is possible to get pregnant from pre-cum it is very unlikely. I would wait and see what happens. If you really are that worried then I would get a test from the dollar store instead of spending 20$ on one test that does the exact same thing as the 1$ one.  Sounds to me like you are ovulating! I would take a test to make sure, but I bet you are good.  no bc method is granunteed to work, so if you stop taking it then start just before he comes in town thats puts u at higher risks of getting pregnant.  It's normal to an extent. Hormones rage when before/during/ and after menstruating. even though you are on the pill you may not be getting enough of the hormones that you need to balance things out. Maybe try a stronger pill or maybe even low dose. If that doesnt work you may need to tal;k to your doctor about getting you something to help control that...like psych meds. hope this helps! Good luck  I usually see my period every 30days it always shows up on the 27th of every month,but december last year it did not show up,i got couple of signs that come and go,january 6th this year it showed up,flowed heavily the first and second day the other days it was light,february this year i started having pains in my nipples,frequent discharge thought i was pregnant but on the 16th it came,heavily the first two days and then stopped the 3rd day and came again the 4th day,am seriously have pains on my left lower side of my womb,and also having abdominal pain,please am i pregnant?  Yes I think this is a possibility  Drugs mess up your body, so it's very possible that has something to do with it. Your discharge doesn't sound incredibly unusual, I often have similar stuff after my period. As for the stress, that also messes with a person's body, so that could also play into it. I hope you feel better. Try not to worry, but stay away from meth.  Everyone's cycle is different. 23 days is a decent cycle. I wouldn't worry about it unless you're having unusual symptoms.  I took a HPT and it came back neg. Today is actually day 24 of my cycle and I noticed light pink blood when I wipe. I have a regular cycle of 28 days, and my period comes on time every month. Im not expecting my period until 6/19. Being that I tested neg and that Im bleeding, could this be implantation bleeding or is this my period?  I am not a doctor, nor do I claim to be able to completely and utterly answer your question.. but one thing that is (likely) happening is that your insulin level is increasing. This would be one cause of the lack of menstruation you're having. Also, though birth control makes you sick, you may want to try a different type. With PCOS there are a lot of hormones that are "out of whack." Birth control helped me in the past keeping control of my cycle (though not all of the time). I would speak with a gynecologist or an endocrinologist(sp?).  Nine days before your period one is ovulating and sex @ this time is dangerous. I had the same expierence when I was on My Honeymoon. I didn't get pregnant @ that time. But it could happen, be careful.  It's not likely but still possible. Some birth controles can take your periods away completely after a while, so that can be something to look into about your birth controle. You're best bet is to make an appointment with your docter though.  i have a period calculator that tracks my period. i've always had a normal period thats why this is bothering me. this was helpful though im gonna just have to go to my doctor.  short answer: not usually might wanna get checked out by a doc.. hope that this helps...  Maybe you need to seek an additional opinion. I have some friends who have gone through this as early as 45 and some later that 58. There is a range that gives the average of 52. Start with and endocrynologist and maybe go from there. They can check your hormones. Also if you do a lot of exercise, that could interfer with the menstal cycle.  how's your diet? i'm just guessing, you can try to change your diet when you have your period lower your estrogen hormone level  I would request an MRI from your current doctor. If he does not want to send you for an MRI, depending on your insurance, I would ask for a referral to see someone else. You can see another primary care doctor. But getting an MRI to see what is going on will help you know what kind of specialty doctor you may need.  Yes, it can be. With my experience on birth control (9 years), I have been late a few times due to stress. Diet can definitely effect that as well. However, if you are having unprotected sex, taking a pregnancy test is always best for peace of mind!  You need to take a test, and call your GYN. Sounds like you are PG !  You may have a UTI. I would call your physician and get a urine sample to see for sure.  I would suggest you go see your gynecologist and ask he/she about it, and maybe going on birth control will straighten out your periods.  You could be pregnant, but the best advice I can give you is GO SEE YOUR DOCTOR!  It may be a sign of hormonal imbalance. It may be due to anxiety or tension. There are many factors that may affect what has happened to you. Relax. Restore your life to emotional and physical balance.  Well I came on my period today so not pregnant.. :(  Plz visit www.stddatingtips.com to get tips regarding STD diseases  If you are pregnant there is nothing you can do to end the pregnancy besides getting an abortion. The only way to know if you are pregnant is to take a test.  Could be several things from the wrong birth control pills to an STD.Best to see a Dr. if possible. 2nd best Planned Parenthood ......fee based on ability to pay .....confidential....... Don't know your situation, but....I have 4 daughters none of them perfect and they all lived to get grown. Your parents might be upset but they probably wouldn't kill you either. Good luck kiddo. You could be sweating bullets over something small,best to find out. About the Dr. problem 817-927-2737 if these people can't help directly they will know who you can call to get the Dr. you need. Phone answered 24/7  The odds are that you are not pregnant however there is always that slight chance as the only full proof birth control is abstinence. You probably should give it a week or so then take a home test if you still think you may be pregnant.  It is impossible to ask that question without undergoing test. It could be anything from just not right timing to low egg production or low sperm count of the male side.  It is certainly possible. Since you have a history of miscarriages I would reconmend you go see your OBGYN as soon as possible to find out. That way if you are your doctor can monitor you closely to help prevent another miscarriage if possible.Good luck and God bless.  There is always a possibility that any kind of birth control, besides not having sex, will fail. So it is definitely possible that women can get pregnant while on the pill.  you can test as early as three weeks after your last period if you show signs and you believe you are the best thing to do is go to your doctor and get a blood test because blood test are way more accurate  I honestly believe you should wait to lose your virginity until your older hunny. Not trying to sound "old school" as I'm only 20.. but waiting would be soo much better. You're 13.. I lost mine around 16 and looking back wish I would have waited. Why? Because one day your going to fall in love with an amazing man and have that haunting you. I have not been with a lot of guys at all, but I wish it could have been him that I would have lost it to. You're sooo young, condoms fail alllll theeee timeeee, and you shouldn't want to risk getting pregnant at your age,. Look at all the moms on teen mom whose lives aren't how they thought they'd be. I have friends younger than me with kids.. They can't do ANYTHING :-\ Sure your going to have urges and curiousity, and the building of hormones lol it's natural. But fight them if you can.. I pinky promise, the longer you wait the better :-) I'm not the boss of you so do as you please, but I hope this may have helped. Reply if you would like to talk :-)  You wouldn't be able to tell after a week. If you're bleeding this close to your normal cycle, I would say probably not. The only sure way is to wait a few weeks and take a pregnancy test.  That is probably not a brain seizure and is probably related to the ADHD. If you're concerned, make an appointment with your health care provider and talk to him/her about your fears. Are you being treated for the ADHD symptoms? Sometimes symptoms can get worse or new symptoms can pop up without regular treatment. My advice would be to speak with a physician.  your can be late or even miss periods by being stressed out. change of diet. if you just started birth-control, or some kinds of medicines prescribe to u. unless you have other pregnancy signs i wouldn't worry right away  oh, this is my post, i was also nauseated the day before i started my period.  Some times extreme weight loss, or exercise can throw a wrench in the flow, ya know? Call your doctor to make sure. ;)  Sorry hunny, thats a part of becoming a woman. the clear white stuff helps you have sex, and such. Its there for a reason ;)  I might not be the best to answer your question! BUT I have experienced this myself, when I was 12. I had my FIRST period when I was 12, and it lasted for 3 months, I was embarrassed to tell my mom cause I was young and very sheltered and didnt know alot about it back then, but once I had big clots I told her, and my doctor put me on birth control to stop and regulate my bleeding. I know after pregancy blood clots could mean you are hemmorhaging, I think its something youll want to call your doctor about, because its not normal, but Im not sure what causes it.  Your Anus is definitely not connected to your Vagina. Two seperate openings, two seperate functions. Simply put, no.   I always find it best to try a natural solution to a medical/physical problem. two of my friends have found fantastic results with glutathione supplements from Max international. (one has cerebral palsy in both legs and now swears by the Max GXL product for reducing the water retention/swelling in her legs. The products work to reduce inflammation from a cellular level by giving your body the components it needs to create glutathione an essential amino acid that is needed by every cell but decreases within the body by age 20. This link should have all the info you need about it: http://www.max.com/421839 to connect with me personally like me here! https://www.facebook.com/pages/Allison-Max-International-Associate/596048690454325?ref=hl&ref_type=bookmark  Implantation bleeding can happen anytime. If you don't end up getting an "acutal" period, I would give your doctor a call.  I have had these symptoms but I am going through peri menopause. I am 47. My mother went through menopause at 50. But you could still be pregnant. Take a test as soon as you can, and of course, see your doctor.  The oral contraceptive, is most effective taken everyday at the same time. Even missing one pill you are at risk for the next 30 days after, until the pills become effective again. So Yes in my personal opinion, you could very well be pregnant. Would I go and buy baby gear no. But go to the store get a couple of pregnancy tests and test often, I use an IUD and I test once a month every month just in case. If you you get negative tests and still have questions or even feel that you are pregnant and are not getting accurate results go down to the doctor and they can do a blood test, which is more accurate than the over the counter but for most cases the over the counter tests are pretty accurate. Good luck. :)  Every woman is different. I have 2 children & with both pregnancies, I had a false negative on every test I did, even at the doctor's office, until I was about 3-4 months along. Some women's hormones react differently to the tests & will show a false positive or negative. I would go to your doctor & get tested there just to be sure.  NO  I have not missed my period yet. So I am playing the waiting game now I guess.  Ok, it is possible. BUT 98% of the time women don't have periods when pregnant, BUT there are rare cases in which they do. SO to your question...it could be possible sometimes those HPT tests are 100% true. I took 3 here just recently back. I had 2 positives and 1 negative. And see this was after I had a tubaligation done. So I would HIGHLY recommend to go see your PCP because if you haven't had a period since November, I would think you would be. But this way they can do a blood test which is more accurate. When I took a test with my daughter it took 30 minutes to read, and than it was extremely faint, so when I went and had the blood test done it was positive and accurate. Hope all turns out for the best for you and I really hope I was some kind of help. Good Luck.  Generally speaking, one ovulates around 2 weeks before getting their period. That said, it is most likely just the ovulation causing the slight spotting. At this point it should be nothing to worry about, but if it gets heavier call your gyno.  Does prednisolone acetate eye drops help eye allergies?  yes...and reversing it will be difficult and long task...but just stop staying up late and get 8-10 hours of sleep every night and wake up around the same time every day perferably with the sun.  yes for sure take a test and consult an OB GYN! GOOD LUCK!  sounds irregular to me....test if you are worried...also stress can cause irregular periods  no  Most birth control will take a few months to take full effect so I would wait for that. But if you are unsure you can always ask your doctor, they will have better information for you.  It usually is not normal. However everyones period activity is different. The best thing to do is to contact your doctor to see if you may have a bleeding disorder or if there is another reason for this occuring.  Stress and depression can very well be causing this. I would see a doctor they maybe able to help you regulate you menstrual cycle.  If you feel your may not be getting the correct care for this, I would seek a second oppinion. There should be something you can do to help with this. Once you are able to find a doctor you trust is giving you the correct care you might find it getting better.  We are alot alike in many ways . I was worried about taking birth control also. I'm taking Junel which is the generic to loestrin. I love it! My cramps barely bother me and it's usually the first day that bothers me. It hasn't altered my periods. The sex thing my now husband waited for me 9mo. and he never pressured me. He actually had me wait longer so that i was positive that i was ready. I too was a virgin i was about to turn 20. I say wait until you are absolutely positive thats who you will be with o and my fella got tested before we did it bc i asked him to. I wasn't his first,but he was mine so never can be too certain. I took bc for 2 months before and we used condoms also until now since we r married. Hope this helps!  Is your heading correct? Have you really not had a bowel movement in around 2 weeks? If this is correct you need to see a doctor pronto. You should be having a bowel movement every day or at least every other day. And if you have taken that many laxatives and STILL aren't having a bowel movement, you really need to see a doctor. Best of luck. I AM NOT A DOCTOR, BUT I WILL BE ONE DAY.  #  when i had my iud removed my bleeding was much worse and now that i have my tubes tied it just keeps getting worse and worse  Yes I would just to sure.  yes your body went through a lot. things will get back on track soon.  Periods can go up and down that way. If you've been stressed or had any major life changes lately. Gain or loss in weight can be a factor. Change in diet. So many things can attribute to this. Your age is a big factor too. I would seek a professionals advice if it continues for sure though. I have had similar issues off and on my whole adult life and doctors told me that if you are having at least 4 periods a year you can still be considered regular.  The symptoms you're describing can definitely be related to pregnancy. Have you tried taking a pregnancy test yet? If your menstrual cycle is late enough you can take a test to find out. If you are pregnant schedule an apt with an ob/gyn right away, if your test is negative you should go see your doctor anyway. Good Luck and I hope you feel better.  can i be pregnant if i didn't had my period for this month.  It is sometimes best to wait 5-10 days after your missed period to take a home pregnancy test and get an accurate reading.  your nail probably grabbed a part of your opening when you pulled. that area doesn't heal fast so it may take a few weeks before you know if that is the problem or not.    u may have an abnormal cycle. i will advise u to go to the doctor  Yes it is always possible. Before a man orgasms he can release "pre-ejaculate" which is sperm and can get you pregnant. If you're on another method of birth control such as the pill, IUD, Depo Provera, Nuva Ring, etc your chances are decreased. Best way to tell is to either get a home pregnancy urine test or ask your doc for a lab slip for beta hcg blood testing.  A drug profile is almost always tested in a prenatal panel. Best thing to do is to come clean to your doc and make sure you aren't putting the process of becoming pregnant at risk. Of course if you become pregnant and there is heroin in your system that can still cause damage to the fetus. Plus, the dr. can alert child services if you are pregnant with a positive drug test.  You might want to look up information about Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder or (PMDD). It's a severe form of PMS. I had PMDD and was on anti-depressants as well, but right around the time I was due for my menstrual cycle, I too felt like my meds weren't working. Keep trying to get in touch with your psychiatrist.....  Over the counter tests can be wrong. I was pregnant and it didnt show up on over the counter test. I had a very light period for my first two months along with my usual cramps.  You can still have your period when pregnant normally they are lighter than normal I'd say you can take one now or wait till next month to see if you have your period or not if you do have it and its still light I'd go to the doctor and have them give you a test because if your not pregnant they will be able to tell you why your having light periods / and of course if you don't start that's a sign you should take one :) I hope I helped! Good luck!  I got the depo shot after I had my son in 97 I didnt have my period till 00 till this day my periods have not been normal and I have not been able to get pregnet for over 14 yrs  I use to be on the depot it works right away. Be warned some women bleed for the first 6 months strait.  if you have been sexually active and your period is late and pee sticks say no, there is a remote possibility of a etopic pregnancy which does'nt always show up in urine test. But can be very dangerous. see your ob if nothing happens soon.  Its been my experience that if you have a neurosurgeon or 2 in mind to get 1st and 2nd opinions from, the neourologist oeeice works closely with a great many primary care physicians. They will go out of their way to get you set up with a dr. that doesnt just pretend to care, one that does. likely after the MRI you will be assigned a pain management provider. Please be careful with that Dr. If he Offers alternatives to pain (and find out what they are) then ask if he has a program to help people with opiate addiction. My Dr helped me get a pain pump, a machine that slowly delivers only 8 mlg of medication over 24 hrs. He Has other pain alternatives and is careful to weed the drug seekers out little by little. good luck  I had a similar problem. Was having periods night and day, I had finally put a very physically and mentally husband in my rear views. I got to know a fellow and it was past the 3rd date etccc...U know. my gyn went in with laser to clean out pallops and such and it worked nearly 2 yrs. Then the 2nd time he said it was unlikely i would ever see a period again othr than some spotting. But itwas gone. He forgot, and 2appts after that he figured out i had been in menopause (early onset) for the last year and half. He really is a good dr but he had a few to many babies popping out and threw him off his game.   I had my period November 10th but I didn't get it in December at all. and the Pregnancy test came back negative. Should I go and see my doctor or just wait to see if I get my period this month? please let me know. I am writing this for a friend of mine. thanks for the help.  Could be an ovarian cyst. Have your doctor send you for a sonar.  If you had your period - you have no reason to worry. Plus it's unlikely that you were ovulating at that time (a week before your period is well after when you'd typically ovulate). It's very unlikely that you pregnant.  The short answer is yes. It's possible. If your period lasts 6 days, you'd have had sex on day 8. Sperm can live for 4 days in the system. Some women ovulate on their 11th or 12th day. So yes, the days could coincide.  I would contact your doctor asap. they may be able to help with the cramping and check to see if there is any blockage  sounds like pulled muscle strain. if the pain persists after your menstrual cycle and more than two weeks with no work-outs, consult your doctor.  I agree with NOHARD, you need to make a trip to your doctor asap  From what I've looked at, since you have had positive tests, I would say you are pregnant and should get a blood test taken at the Doctors. It is fairly common for false negatives if it's too early to test. The light bleeding could be implantation bleeding. Hope this helps.  sounds like she may have acid reflux try not her eat for two hour before bedtime  take it easy and wait out the cramps like a warm bath. it could be just a light cycle. you should wait a few and test again.  The dark brown can be old blood.  Sounds like kidney infection  The answer is you could be, but the only way to be 100% sure is with a test, preferably by a clinic or doc. There are other factors for cessation of period. Ex. extreme weight loss, gynecological issues, or age. I think you need to go to a professional no matter if your pregnant or not because there's an obvious issue going on.  well if you havent had sex then you cannot be pregnant. but your periods could also just be irregular, i have irregular periods all the time. for just in case purposes maybe you should get tested to see if your pregnant.  It could be a variety of things the, test may have been false positive. To be on the safe side i would urge you to see a doctor and explain all symtoms to them. Above all remain calm and dont stress yourself out it will all be ok.  I would go to the dr and get a pregnancy test done. BC is not always effective.  Don't know.  i would ask your Doc.  my mom had this as well right before she went through menopause that maybe it.  Yes. You should still be tested just to be sure. A pregnancy should be detected asap.  It could have just been stress or any medication you were taking. This happened to me as well, you should go get check by a doctor just to be safe.  Does anyone know the answer?  could be your diet , things you effect can make you have constant migraines. do you drink enough water?  Well since your not pregnant your periods could just be very irregular but you should go see a doctor  It can't hurt and with tests today, they should be accurate. My youngest child is 30, so I had to wait at least 2 missed periods to find out. Good luck!  There are many things that can cause these issues. One is pregnancy. Endometriosis could be the cause or you may be starting menopause. I would suggest seeing your obgyn.  Yes and No it all depends how ur body functions to the pregnancy. My girlfriend had a period thoughout her whole pregnancy with both of her kids and it was normal. I have 2 kids and i didnt bleed at all till i had them. Every woman is different. I didnt have sickness..  no  no  I would go to the Dr and have a blood test done. Your OB-GYN would understand. With your history, i wouldn't rely on a store test, a blood test is the only true way to know for sure.  i would say yes , if u feel like have very normal periods and youve been having unnprotected sex...... even if your bigger than advadge there still a chance , also i would retest a few days later its also possible that ur body didnt make enough hcg to show up by then... if u get another neg...go to your doctor... also bare in mind that if u have been under alot of stress that can also sometimes take away your period..... i myself am ttc number 2 and i got what i thought was my period on v-day, and tested on that day got a neg , im now 6 days late for my next period so for me i tested too early cause the new test gave me the answer i was hoping for , if u want another child i hope the best for you , if not i hope its nothing bad :) hope this helps good luck  yes in a short and simple answer ...its very possible , when u say it was early how early because if u had sex in your ovulation time its possible ur having a baby if not then it possible that the sex brought on some bleeding ... i would wait a good week and take a test ... and try to be awear of your body if u notice differences then it can lead more to u being pregnant if not it possible u had some breakthough bleeding its normal to sometimes bleed early , was it heavy or light ...brownish ... the back pain n cramping are also signs of implantion , the embro sticking to ur uerus.... if ur hoping for a baby i wish u luck n it sounds to me like u may b having one of not i hope everything ok :) hope this helped u  well it could be a few things , one if your man is really big he could be hurting you a little , or it possible hes hurting your vag wall ...are you using lub? or it could be something hormonal i would talk to your doctor about this . hope everything turns out ok  i also had the depo shot for 2 years became prego after 1 1/2 years of stoppin , my periods came back but were never normal again for example i had 7 days of bleeding b4 now up to 4 the most , but i have heard some research showing that depo has made some people unable to have children how long were you on it ?, i really think you should talk to your doctor about this and try to get a lil info on the newly discoverd things about depo hope this helped and good luck !  sometimes you can have pains from your other tracks it is possible your intestines can give you pain if somethings wrong , also gas can give you sharp pains in your stomach, but if it feels for sure like its in the same area as when you have your peroid it could be your blatter. do you have anything out of the norm when you have your peroid? does the pain come and go around the same time each time it happens? either way if its stopping you from doing things i would go to your doctor and see what they can do to help you , hope this helped feel better !  okay to start weight gain , he will become very heavy, number two it bearks down the enamel of your teeth which means in time youll be toothless also cause of the sugar your at greater risk for becomeing a diebetic , thats just for starters , sode should only be a treat , not and everyday all day thing it may taste good but it nothing but enpty carbs and to top it off ur body uses more water breaking soda down then it gives you and the end result you contuine to want a drink cause your looseing water not giving it , hope this helps and telll your friend to ease up on the soda :)  i was on depo many years ago and i remember it takeing more than a year and the doctor will also tell you this unlike pills or patches , depo is strong stuff the best way to see if your fertile is to try a opk witch will test your ovulation you can get them in the pharmacy, also chart down your bbt, take your temp every morning before you get out of bed , right after you ovulate your temp should go up alittle but a few points of a degree, but in the case of depo it may take some time ..... i would look into going online and buying the bulk sets they have on amazan for example , read the reviews and make the choice that best fits your and your budget. if your ttc it may be a good idea for you to buy the set of ovulation and hpt together its a great deal. also the directions are a bit different from the kind you would buy at the pharmacy so do your homework before buying something you dont fully understand . i really hoped this helped you and dont sweat if it takes a while to get normal again i was on depo for more than 3 years and got prego with my son whos now 4 a year and 5 months after stoping :) good luck hope everything turns out good ...  not every women feels symptoms when there prego i didnt know ... i had a person and ill never forget asked me if i was prego and i thogught surly this person it nuts cause i was 95 lbs and he had began telling me about his own daughter and the look they their eyes when their having a baby i said to myself what the heck ill take a test i was 8 weeks and didnt have a clue. i even had my peroid for 4 months , so i would take a test for one and its not uncommon to have some spot bleeding which is small amounts of blood here and there , if your trying for a child this could be what youve been trying for :) and discomfort in the tummy could be from the egg aka ur baby sticking itself to the wall of you , they say it can cause both the spotting and the pain .... hope this help and if you are prego congrats :)  r u under a lot of stress?stress can do that or its possible something going on with ur overies.... i would get urself checked out ... did u have ur children nautrally? if so i wouldnt think it would be anything related to that but u could b going through some kind of change .. depanding on how old u r ... menopause comes with so many other things other than perios abnormalty. also from what i understand you would have more bleeding for a while and then it slowes down and unless you dont get your period for a year a doc wont think thats what it is .. either way get it checked out.. maybe your bodys not makeing enough of the lh hormone to make you ovulate every 3-4 weeks, these are just ideas... im couldnt tell you for sure what would cause this but its somthing def worth getting checked out.. hope everythings ok , good luck  yes for sure late peroid is the number one sign of being prego, and 2 throughtout all times you will have some kind of mucus , when you ovulate your mucus become clear and sticky like egg whites after that it thickens to stop the sprem form entering you, basically a block but , you may experance muces just the same when you are prego, a kind of white creamy mucus , also for the pull out method its not at all the same as a pill or patch theres always the chance of precum which as much as he may try to pull out one release of a man can carry millions of little sperm, in such a tiny amount precum there a very good chance it could have done the job. and precum is something he most likely wont feel nor pull out for and theres more than enough lil ppl in there to get you prego, i would buy a hpt , and see what it tells you if it gives you a negative , remember it does depend on how long you have been prego hcg which is what they test for , takes a good two weeks to show , but for you by now i would think it would tell you , if this doesnt go away i would talk to ur gyn , hope this helps :)  kinda need a bit more information, have you had unprotected sex before your missed peroid? are you taking any birth control? spotting can be cause by many things but in this case it sounds like there may be a chance your prego and its common to spot when the egg attaches itself to you , i would take a prego test , i dont think that having sex after your missed period would have made it happen its possible that it pulled down the blood that would have come out either way. if your having lil cramps slight ones another sign you may be prego, also check your breast if they seem swollen and painful another sign , i think its best to take a hpt nd see what happens if your not prego you my want to give your gyn a call and see if she think you should come in , hope this helps  thats very true i had my period for 4 months with my son and if it wasent for someone asking me if i was prego , which was kinda weird for me since i was 95 lbs , something made me take the test and i was already 8 weeks didnt have a clue !  i was on depo for 3 years and it can take up to a year for everything to go back to normal , i wouldnt worry its very common to have or not have your period, it takes time for your body to get back to normal i myself would have it for 2 weeks and then nothing for 2 months then about 13months after it became normal and 17 months after i got prego with my son , so dont worry ok :) fyi if your trying to have a baby and thats the reason for getting off same rule applys about a year after is when you most likely will begin to ovulate again , check with a opk if thats what ur doing itll help you know even of your periods arent normal yet weither or not your droppping eggs :) hope this helps  well there are a number or reasons , hormone changes , you say your having cramps .. without blood? cause that can happen two weeks after your period , its possible to have discomfort when your ovulating many women have this i myself and in a normal cycle women will ovulate around that time frame 14 days after you frist day of your peroid. its different for everyone, its also common to not have cramps with some periods, for me every other month i have cramps and the other months i dont know im bleeding untill i see it. so really i wouldnt worry if you are having unprotected sex you may be prego you also get cramping when the eggs attaches itself , if you think theres a chance of this wait untill the day your peroid is due see what happens if you dont see anything i was say take a test and see what that tells you bare in mind early testing can give you a false negative so you may want to wait a few days more , also if your breasts are tender swollen its another sign you may be prego, if the pain worsens and you cant bare it then i would make a call to the doctor but its sounds to me like your prego ...hope this helps h  ive never taken the nuva ring but i believe its the same idea as the pill or patch it produces hormones that make you skip ovulation , so in short yes it could because your body gets a bit mixed up and has to get back on track , of course there always the question ...did you have unprotected sex , if so then depending on how long youve been of the ring you could very well be prego ... but if thats not the case id say dont worry give your body a month or 2 to get backto normal, on the other hand if you did have sex i would take a hpt to see if thats why your late, if your not and in a couple months things dont soom to even out and become normal again i would call my gyn and see what could be done to find out whats going on .... hope this helped :)  yes its always possible if you had unprotected sex , and your late you could be , they say its not always a sure thing to take a hpt the first day of your peroid , tests like clear blue are normaly on the money , cramping can be from the egg attaching itself inside you . i would say try another test in a few days see what that tells you if still a neg... call you gyn and let her know and im sure she can tell you if its something to worry about ..... also bare in mind that if you did have sex and your having pain in your side you could be having a tube pregnancy which means the egg has attached itself to you tube rather than making its way into where it belongs and that can be a very bad thing , so like i siad hold off a few days but if the pain worsens call your doctor asap , hope this helps  Probably not, but you can get a nasty sexual desise, better go buy some condoms silly, and if he doesent want to use em , lose him, its not worth it. Take care of yourself, be good to yourself, when nobody else will. Don't play games with sex, go to church and find a good man who loves GOD !  I believe it is normal for this to happen after starting birth control. My daughter was just put on birth control (for severe menstrual cramps) and her doctor told her spotting and minor cramping was to be expected for the first couple of months while her body was trying to adjust. But to put your mind totally at ease, just call your doctors office and ask to speak to a nurse!  did you find out what the problem was? I am dealing with the same pain...  when did you start birth control? but its normal to have 2 especially if you just started your birth control because your body is ajusting to it.. hope this helps! good luck!  why would you want it to stop? only other way i know is pregnancy or have a hyterectiomy...  take a test.. you can spot called "implantaion bleeding" it looks much like a period.. hope this helps! good luck!  feel free to email me.. i can try to help more :) nicolelamberth@gmail.com  Good for you for trying to help your partner! I can only imagine how this takes a toll on you. I agree that she should see her doctor again and get a few blood tests done. If she is losing that much blood, she may be anemic, causing her to feel weak and tired. Try to get her to a Gyno and go with her if possible. I, personally, would be most worried about the drinking and paranoia. Alcohol is a depressant and is more than likely making things worse, though she may feel a bit better at the time she is drinking. There could also be some underlying depression. Until she gets to the doctor, do your best to be patient and kind. She is clearly not herself at this time and probably feels bad about how she treats you afterwords. Try distracting her and getting her to do a bit of excersice (a walk around the park) as it can help some period symptoms. Worse comes to worse, offer chocolate!!  It can't be good. Your losing all your iron & see a doctor. You might have fibroid tumors.  There is a whole bunch of reasons you could be spotting anxiety, medication, weight gain/loss.  Perhaps fibroid tumors.  Yes. It's normal if it's a bit erratic.  I don't think you should be concerned unless your also experiencing other symptoms like pain.  Yes....normal.  Is it a matter of too many thoughts or just not tired? If it's too many thoughts I tend to sort of meditate on my favorite color and not let anything else interrupt, very difficult but does work. If it's not being tired, exercise play basketball or something that gets your heart going. Another thing that I have done is put yourself on a set schedule, got to bed at 10 wake up at 7. even if you can't fall asleep still force yourself to get up at 7. If you force yourself you body should fall into the habit. Not much but hope it helps.  There are several over the counter douches you can use, but I would  Yes, it is possible and not uncommon. If you keep doing this, month  This is something that only his doctor (who is treating his kidney problem) should handle. People with kidney problems are usually  Will you please see a gynecologist?  I have experienced gas, abdominal pain, and soft bowel movements with Irritable Bowel Syndrome or IBS. I have never had Gastric Bypass but I would consider talking to the doctor that performed that surgery as he might want to do imaging studies to rule out intestinal problems. I have heard people say they experienced problems with gas after the GB.  yes this is normal. I have 2 kids and with both of their pregnancys I had my period up to about 6 months along. it wont be like your period just real light maybe even spotting. don't worry its normal..  We planned it like that but I have been discharging all day and then now I am lightly bleeding so I am just wondering If I could be and Im not freaking out. I want to get pregnant.  Also, I'm not so much worried about pregnancy or anything, just curious as to why this is happening.There is 0 chance I am pregnant unless I'm gonna end up like one of the girls on "I didn't know I was pregnant" I read somewhere that all women on hormonal birth control have a period in their time on the pill where their periods get funny like this.  I agree with the above advice, however I would also recommend going to a doctor and checking for any internal damage from your falls. I did cheer also and understand the risks and accidents that happen with the "sport". Make sure when you took your pregnancy tests that they were taken correctly, by this I mean that you waited the proper amount of time.  If you had your period for 3 days you're not pregnant.  Have you ever been tested for endometriosis? From what you're describing, it seems like a distinct possibility to me.  No  Not wanting to take medicine is one of the features of a psychotic disorder. If he stops taking risperdol he will likely have the paranoia and delusions. There are other medications he could try instead, but he may be resistant to any medicine. With no treatment he may withdraw into his own world and may not want to interact with anyone. If someone like a parent takes care of all his needs, keeps him on a schedule, and makes few demands of him, he may not get worse for a long time. But if he is under stress his symptoms may get so bad that he will get taken to an emergency room or to jail depending on where he lives. He may take street drugs as a way to cope. Best case scenario is that somebody will take care of him and monitor his medication.  I forgot to mention that I started taking Progesterone on the first day of my cycle (due to being slightly out of balance). Would this be a possible reason I am spotting mid cycle? ..I took a PG test today just out of curiosity and it was negative. I don't think I am pregnant especially since the test is negative and I shouldnt have ovulated that early after my period, but just curious as to why I would spot mid cycle, because I NEVER spot in between periods. Thanks for your response.  Absolutely, there is a high chance that you could be anemic, in your case, most likely, iron deficiency. Iron deficiency anemia is caused by chronic blood loss, most commonly seen in women who have irregular and heavy periods. A simple blood test can give you your definitive answer and the treatment is simply over the counter Ferrous sulfate, to replenish your iron levels.  Yes, there is a greater chance since she is freshly cleaned from menstrating  Yes, you can definitely get pregnant.  yes u could go see a doctor to be for sure  Interesting...Do you think you are pregnant?  @ NOHARD Yes, had thyroid checked a few months ago and it's completely normal.  Every woman is different, but most symtoms start about 4 to 6 weeks after conceiving. As far a being fertile your body temp will go up a few degrees while ovulating. Hope this helps.  Some bc cause the body to not have periods. I personally have been on every kind and never had a period while on it. I actually had to stop because it is unhealthy for your body to stop a natural process.  I have heard that a lot of ppl get pregnant on this specfic bc. The best way to know if you are pregnant is go ahead and take a test if it is negative try again in two weeks.  Are you actually waiting on someone to tell you to get to a real doctor? If you walked into my office and told me you'd never had a period and had the worst cramps...You may be having a blood collection in your pelvis. It has to go somewhere. What doctor in his/her right mind would put you on BC knowing you had that problem, unless you forgot to tell them. Is you pelvis bloated? Don't mess around with this. Go to the ER. Get a cat scan. How old are you? Get your butt in gear, girl.  Brownish menes is a sign of old blood. New blood is bright red. Old blood is brownish. If you don't have an appetite, don't complain. That's a side effect. Just use a condom. You'll be ok.  I had 2 wives and they both had entrometriosis. This is where the endrometrium or the lining of the uterus spills out into the abdominal cavity and takes root like a vine in your landscape. Not saying this is your problem but it's pretty common and it's pretty serious. The common side effect was painful and pronounced menes. We were lucky to have a good doctor who did laprosopic surgeries to "burn" the implants with my second wife, to "manage" her implants. We went about 3 years at one point between laps because she didn't have any symptoms but one day she started pissing pure blood....with no pain. Turns out it had grown around her right ureter and choked off her right kidney, killing it. Long story short, she lost her right kidney and her uterus in one surgery. So don't fool around with it. Whether it's your disease or not, just keep it in mind. Read all you can about this disease. I also have a daughter that started her menes at 8 years old. Way too soon, obviously. Still haven't figured that out yet. Read all you can. Good luck.  Has your Dr talked to you about the Depo Provera birth control shot? I have been getting it for 4 years now and go in every 3 months to get it. I dont have a period, occassional spotting every once in a while but nothing like I used to. I was having heavy ones before I got the shot and it was horrible. A risk is that it thins your bones so my Dr. told me to take extra calcium vitamins everyday helps. But overall, I dont wanna switch birth control because the shot is easy and you dont have to remember to take it everyday. Just every 3 months, a visit to the Dr.  I am surprised your doctor didn't tell you that not getting your period is one of the side effects. I've been getting the depo shot for 4 years now and haven't been getting a period, just occassional spotting, which is a normal side effect as well. Just make sure to get extra calcium because it thins your bones over time, but when you get off it, your bones will start getting back to normal. Nothing to worry about with not getting a period.  Those may very well be side effects to the shot. It would be a good idea to see your doctor to see what you can do. I am also on the shot, but never experienced those side effects. Hope that helped!  it may be your body trying to regulate its self, i would wait a week and than take another test, if that comes back negative and still no sign of your period i would see your doctor for a blood test.  My periods are very regular and not on meds!  I'm a redneck country boy. With enough since and kids to let you know that Yeap you could be Pregnant. That you should have been hog tied and burnt, because the tubes can come untied.  you need a hormone that your body is not creating talk to your DR  Not much. It is common for people to bleed/spot for longer than normal after starting birth control pills. You are putting extra hormones into your body so your body is just reacting to it. If it continues, I would see about switching the brand of birth control you are on. It might not be the best match for your body.  Did you use additional protection? Birth control pills aren't always 100% effective anyways. You could still get pregnant regardless. Always double up on protection if you are worried about getting pregnant. As to what your chances are to being pregnant, I couldn't really tell you. You will have to wait it out and see how next month goes.  Also, you are on your first month so the pill really isn't effective until 2 weeks of continuous, non-interrupted use.  You can have periodic spotting and bleeding while on birth control pills even though its not technically your time. You are putting hormones into your body and altering it's balance. Its happens. I would be concerned if this is an ongoing issue for multiple months. And for next week, you will probably just continue to have your period throughout the week. It will most likely be much lighter.  thank you for answering this..i had the same thing happen with my first pregnancy.i spotted/bleed thru the first 6 months and went to the doctor for what I thought was a cold too.i had no symtoms of being pregnant so when the told me I was 6 months along I almost passed out..he became very active after I found out...I was hoping this was happening again, and nothing was wrong..glad to know im not the only one who went thru it..  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  My gf and I had sex 2 weeks before the due date for her period. I think that time is her fertile period too.  My question is marked as "private" on my profile, so I am not sure if anyone can see it except for me. If you can see this question and answer, just give me any response. Thanks  Maybe you should take a pregnancy test anyway, maybe spotting? Also, might depend on your age, assuming you are young, maybe you are pregnant. If you are older, say menopause age, maybe you periods are slowing down. Just a couple of thoughts. Good luck!  I too have hypothyroidism,  As a person with no medical knowledge what so ever, but a person that has overdosed on Tylenol many times, I would get it checked out immediately. Tylenol is horrible for your liver and you could have damaged it.  What is your age? You might out of child bearing years.  ask your doctor sometimes the period come earlier or it is late for me i take a medicine to have my period  thats normal it is happen to me also heheh don't worry  It is a possibility. If I were you, I would take a pregnancy test just to make sure, then make an appointment with your medical doctor regardless of the results.  i do not know the answer. i am trying to figure it out myself.  Addition: I know I need help, but my parents won't take me to the doctor. I don't know what else to do.  Have your thyroid checked. I experienced the same thing and found out I had an over active thyroid.  I don't know which it is but I can tell you that it is ill-advised to take pepto if you are pregnant.  sperm lives for 20minutes to an hour outside vagina  you can be irregular  your period might be irregular  if you had sex, you may be pregnant but there are also another reasons of missing period, your period can be irregular or just you could have tried wrong food or had stress etc don't worry  yes but the longer you wait to see a dr the more likely you will lose this baby. I had a friend that did the same thing and she had to be put on bedrest for a couple mths to save her baby. When you started bleeding that may have been a miscarrage but it is possible it was not so please go have it checked out.  hi nohard!! i just had unprotected sex on sept 20 around 10 pm or later. what i meant was my last period was at aug 26.  It is most likely just a side effect of Plan B. I would suggest seeing how long these symptoms may last on the instructions part of Plan B. If they last longer than they should take a test/ consult your doctor.  If you had unprotected sex, it is always possible.  I didn't get my period until my baby was almost 4 months old. My doctor said that it can take up to 3 months or so after you stop breastfeeding before you get your period. She said that a breastfeeding mother can easily go 6-9 months without having one.  Spotting is us usually just very small amounts of pink or red-blood from the vagina or uterus.Woman have normal discharges from the vagina as well but anything that is not pink or red but clear or yellow, heavy, really slimy and smelly could be a vaginal yeast infection. Usually with a yeast infection there is itching but not always.  Ovary or ovulation pain can be felt in the top of your thigh down to your knee. There are nerves running through the abdomen which innerviate your internal abdomen then they run down the top of the leg.  Yes it can contribute to COPD symptoms. You should not be exposing yourself to any chemicals. Home heating fuel, oil, when the furnace is not working properly can release fumes and oil into the air. This sounds like an OSHA issue (if in the States), you should not be exposed to this nor should anyone else be exposed.  you may be pregnant if i was you i would go take a test and see what the results may be.  From being so anxious about your period being late delays it a bit more. Since your EPT came out negative you can relax for a week or so. Being placed on the antibiotics have an affect on menses. If you haven't gotten it by today's date then by all means go to a gynocologist - that doctor will take tests with an exam to determine what's going on.  Have you completely finished menstruation because if you still ovulate but the blood flow is not present (but still there) then you can still get pregnant.  You could be pregnant in the tubes, never know until you have an examination by your ob/gyn. It could also be some kind of cyst or ulceration. ..so for example after having see it reopens the cuts causing immediate bleeding. Bright blood is fresh new blood so something like that makes sense. Obviously, you need to see a doctor to confirm what's going on .  Go to your gynecologist. You need to be examined and lab tests.  The effects of inhaling alcohol for long periods of time result in headaches, nausea, burning eyes, nose bleeds possibly from broken blood vessels in the nose and scratchy/itchy throat all from irritation. And although the company does not provide you and the other employees protection, then you should go out and buy yourself a protective mask, and goggles- since it's you who's suffering. In addition, you could also advise your supervisor/boss that you're not quite sure if OSHA approves of working under some of these conditions, but you would be willing to help them out by making an inquisitive call to possibly find out the answer!  Yes and it depends on the cycle you when you were on the pill and off if u if period was on different cycles when u were take the pill then. Going to probably start late or to early but if it never change u should be fine  it is possible that you could be pregnant, however it takes about a week to two weeks for the birth control to get out of your system. if i were you i would take a pregnancy test on or around the first week of February. hope this helps.  Yes it can  you might want to try the patch---worked great for me. You wear it for a week and then change it--one week off just like the pill. Much easier to remember since it is only once a week  GET A TEST!!!!   do know that stress can bring on missed periods. also small ovarian cysts can cause irregular periods is what my obgyn told me when i was having the same issue. Are you on any type of birth control? Cause that could cause it also. See your obgyn and good luck!  um it was pretty close to a normal one. maybe a day or so shorter. but since then now i havent had my period since then. so idk if its because i have had my period twice in one month or what. but i plan on getting a test if i don't get my period within another week.  Yes, many woman "spot" when they are first pregnant. Best action to take is get tested to see if you are pregnant. Perhaps going to a doctor to have this done would be best as they can also advise you on the bleeding or spotting while you are there. If you aren't very far along, I would suggest you ask for a blood test, they are very accurate and can detect pregnancy very early on.  Yes....get tested for pregnancy at least to rule it out. When I conceived my children, I felt as though I would start my period but never did, so yes, I was cramping, which I believe is just the Zygote attaching to your uterine wall and is common I believe. At least it was for me.  Yep, you sure could be. Missing birth control pills make you even more prone to become pregnant in a lot of women even if you bleed afterward. That could be Zygote attachment to your uterine wall. Good luck.  Sounds to me like you were ovulating on day 11 and 12 and if you had unprotected intercourse and now feeling the symptoms of pregnancy, I'd go get tested. Sounds to me like you just encountered the same situation I did when I conceived my first child. I know the exact date of her conception because of this.  Drug or alcohol use/abuse.  Definitely it couldn't be a pre-menopause. You are just 23 and pre-menopause only starts after 35yrs...Do not worry becos u might have symptoms before periods as others experienced. Breast swelling, urinary infection, hot flashes, anger, irritation, morning sickness, white discharge, pain in ovaries etc are pre menstrual syndrome(comes before periods). Even you can consult a gynecologist if you have any doubts to be clarified.  Hi,     I have had this happen before and was told that it was because I had an ovarian cyct. My doctor told me not to worry about it to much if the bleeding was heavy and going through a pad in less than an hour then worry and go to ER to make sure youre not lossing to much blood. I started birth control the shot to stop the bleeding, and it really helped me alot I went from having a never ending period to no periods at all. She also said to take advil she had be taking 800mgs when it was heavy to help lighten it. I am not a dr and you might want to to talk to yours but this why I had that problem and what my dr had me do.  I don't really have an answer for you but I was wondering the same thing.I have had my tubes tied for 10 years now, however, my husband and I didn't have relations for over three years and I have had irregular periods for the last twelve years. We had relations on Dec. 25th and now I have been feeling morning sickness, tender breast, hungrier then normal, light headed, spacey, heartburn, hiccups, a swollen abdomen area and more emotional. I have also done 2 preg. tests and they both came back neg. Could I be preg.? 			  I don't think so. Sperm cannot live outside of the body. I am a 42 year old virgin and I've been dry humping since I was 20. It's hard for sperm to get through to your jeans and much harder for it to go through a sanitary napkin. You might be late because of stress!!! Sometimes our periods change and that causes us to be late.  well once you get off the bc you can get pregnant, although for some couples out there it does take a few months before actually getting pregnant. I would say try to check when your ovulating so you know when to have sex and you know when it would be more likely for you to get pregnant  call to tantrik baba ji baba ji read ur full problem and baba ji solve ur problem call now +91-80944 30889 (in india)  Although you are young and till now do not have any health problems, you are eating too much meat. The recommended daily amount of meat for your age is up to 200 grams per day. The way of cooking the food matters together the amount you take unless you are an athlete and need a special regime:)  Perhaps because birth control can cause weight gain so he is trying to not have that happen.  I have had this before, it was because of travelling and also stressful times this happens again. I just track and try to be stress fee.  i would maybe ask the person who gives you the depo shot about it  if you just used the shot then yes you could be pregnant because the depo shot isnt 100 percent effective  If you skip the sugar pills to move your period start date, you should still be fine in the prevantion of pregnancy concern. It is similar to the 3 month pill packs, or how women take the pill continuously with no sugar pills to prevent having a period at all.  If I were you, and it isn't a financial hardship, I would go to the doctor both to confirm whether you are pregnant or not, as well as to discuss what other possible caused could be. I know that stress or other life changes have affected me inthe past, but not for 3 weeks.  Every time I've ever been they have tested me for pregnancy because of things like xrays and certain medications. They also need to know in case you need a blood transfusion or other specific procedures.  My stepmother is going through the same thing. She also went 4 1/2 months without a period, and then began having 2 periods per month for 3 months. She visited her doctor many times who always told her its early menopause. Her mother went through menopause at 43 years old. Check with your doctor.  How long have you had the mirena in before it fell out? I don't think your doing anything wrong. Every woman's body adjusts different to any and all birth control. I would suggest to you keep having fun in the bed room but stop trying to get pregnant. The more you have sex without the hope of getting pregnant the suprise will come sooner than you think.  I have been to the doctor but with a negative test she kind of looks at me like im crazy. but it has happen before. and she wont give me a ultra sound she said dont worry. but I keep feeling like I did last time. Im currenantly looking for another doctor that will be more helpfull and the fact that O- and have had a miscarrage before has me on edge. but thanks .  From experience, I would suggest she see a doctor and have her hormone levels tested and have blood work done. Possibilities from the absent period and weight gain could be PCOS, or a thyroid issue. The fever and flu-like symptoms and headaches could have been a cold, but could also be related to a hormone disorder such as PCOS or thyroid.  I am 51 years old and I have seen my doctor about 4 months ago and this just came out of nowhere  It is possible, just go to the doctor to take a test there and to see if there might be something elso going on.  It is possible that you are, I know i am a little late answering this but you probably took the test too early  Yes, it is nothing to worry about. This could mean instead of one egg a month she produces 2. i get mine every 14 das alsoand always have and i am 22. my mom had the same thing.  yes you can! but when i was on the pill i had the same symtoms and more symtoms that you also can get while pregnant but i was not pregnant. The pill causes the symtoms you desrcibed, but if you still think you could be pregnant taking a test is the only real way to be sure.  your period my be irregular. But the home pregnancy tests aren't always correct so you could take another test and if it is still negative, then just wait. if you have missed more than 2 weeks then go to the doctor  You may be pregnant! I've been reading a lot since I am 3 days late and it sounds like it could be implantation bleeding which is usually very light pink or spotting (some people describe it as a light period and/or shorter period than normal). You can test since you're almost a week late. Mine are all coming out negative but I feel pregnant. Good luck!  That sounds painful and exhausting! You should probably make an appointment asap! Get that period regulated and those symptoms checked out by doing lab work! Good luck!  It may be that you are pregnant. Feeling nausea .  yes becuse even though he did not cum inside of you its still a chance that pre-cum can get unto your canals and there still is a risk of you getting preagnant if i were you i would wait and then take a test or see a doctor that is the best way to determine anything dont ever diagnose yourself hoppe this helped  I would say you can be 99.9% certain that she will not get pregnant. You guys may want to consider a better form of birth control, however!  Is it possible that you conceived? Implantation of a fertilized egg can cause bleeding/cramping at the same time a woman expects her period. It is typically lighter than a regular period but can last a day or two. It could mean that you are pregnant! If you have had any other major changes (medication, birth control, major stress, weight loss, etc) this could also be another explanation I suppose. I would wait another 4-5 days and take a pregnancy test if conception was possible.  You must start your BCPs on day one of your period or on the very first Sunday during/after. If you miss four pills at ANY point in your pack you must wait until your next period to use them successfully as you very well may ovulate and get pregnant. So basically, do not have unprotected sex and start your new pack next month!  painful cramps can be an indicator of miscarriage. if you thought you were pregnant what were you doing to get kneed in the stomach that hard? im going to guess and say u did lose the baby you should see your doctor so you dont get an infection.  I agree with who gave you the answer. And like her I'm also on it and I think it's the best thing in the world. No more periods, not even spotting and not even one typical period symptom. Sorry about your problems with the DEPO, I agree with going to talk to your doctor. Everybody is different, keep that in mind.  My wife is also suffering yeast infection, just tried many methods. Trust me do not take any medicine from doctors, they will work but they will also do harm to your health. And try some green and healty solution, home remedies, and i wish that finally your issues will gone. source: http://gagareviews.com  all i can tell u that most discharge is normal after having your period. But if you have serious concerns then u should ask your doctor  all i can tell u that most discharge is normal after having your period. But if you have serious concerns then u should ask your doctor. srry if that isnt heplful  need to see GYN specialist  good chance  but is it possible that I am pregnant  Now I have full heavy bleeding. Can I assume it was just old blood?  it could just be symptoms of your period  Hi, I wouldn't be too worried if you have been stressed out lately or had a change in your diet this can cause these things to happen. I once had a period be 2 weeks late because of stress. hope all is well :)  Hi not sure what pill ur using but I would talk to your dr because if you are not used to having cramps this bad and now you are it could be a bad reaction to the pills not sure but either way better safe then sorry talk the dr hope u feel better soon :)  I hope by this time you found your awnser, but just so the person who awnsered your question knows, you can only be 100% safe by staying not haveing sex at all, so to enjoy your sexlife with no worry you would want to use multiple conticeptives. I was made when my mom used BC and my dad wore a condom, it happens. Infact it happend because my mom unknowingly had cervical cancer so her BC did not work.  As a teacher of sex education Yes, it should be fine to begin sexual interaction with your boyfriend. You may find that exploration by your boyfriend may break the lining of your hymen...initially a sharp pain with cherry coloured blood is normal. Use protection and make sure that your boyfriend's hands or fingers are clean before any manual insertions.  I already posted it negative with infection and it neg for pregnant I already talk to doctor read it. Again please  The test was negative for infection like I said. She already did the blood work and urine test all come back negative.  Perhaps normal, but you need to stop the behavior and have a talk with the boys about boundaries. Say something like "It's OK to touch and play with yourself in private. It feels good, and all people do it. But you should not touch your brother's penis and he should not touch yours." They likely don't understand what they are doing as sexual in the adult sense, although the licking is a little odd for such young kids. That's more of a learned sexual behavior rather than more instinctual sexual exploration. Have either of them been exposed to oral sex perhaps inadvertently, in porn or perhaps seeing their parents? I'd be more concerned about that than the sexual exploration in general. You might want to ask in a non-judgmental way where the boys learned about "licking".  Some people are just short, it could have nothing to do with the onset of her menses. Please do not give her growth pills. Take her to a doctor.  Yes go to your doctor asap.  i would go to your GYN Dr Just to be safe ... it may be nothing but just check and also stress can cause that to sometimes ...  