If it is a home pregnancy test which aren't 100% accurate of course can give you the wrong result it also depends on when you took the test.  a day or two delay.  it could mean that you are pregnant,better go to your doctor and do a test and make sure  See a doctor.  Go to the doctor and have them run a blood test. I had tests come out like this and I was in deed pregnant. Only a blood test will reveal if you are for sure pregnant and how far along you are. This would also be based assuming you read the test before the throw away time and saw the positive (no matter how light) before 10 minutes.  It could be a number of things. My experience has been overly stressed and worked out due to my job being physically demanding causing a late period. There could be a possibility that you're pregnant and your levels wouldn't be high enough to make a positive read. I had that happen my first pregnancy and had to take another test 2 weeks later and then came out positive. Your best bet is to put it in the back of your mind for now so you don't stress yourself out thinking about it. It's a 50/50 chance of going either way. You're pregnant or your period has delayed for a bit.  Greetings, if you have taken several Urine Tests and they've all come up negative, your HcG Levels might be too low to detect. A blood Test can give better results. Try going to your OB/GYN to have a blood Test done.  According to a reliable pregnancy calculator, and based upon the 1st day of your last period, the following information is revealed: Estimated Due Date is 5/8/2015 Gestational Age Today (9/13/2014) is 6 week(s), 1 day(s) or 1.41 month(s) months. Date of Conception was 8/15/2014. I hope that this answer has been helpful.  You should try taking another test. Even if it was a little bit you could still get pregnant  Yes, you could still be pregnant. Even with the best contraceptive method, if you are sexual active, theres always the possibility that you can get pregnant. A womens cycle can vary in days from month to month & ovulation doesnt always happen exactly on day 14. With all the hormones that control the female menstrual cycle theres quite a bit of variation in the timing of ovulation and your fertile days. A home pregnancy test can detect pregnancy with 97% accuracy but not all of them are this sensitive or accurate. Waiting a few weeks after a missed period increases the accuracy of the test. As far as abdominal pain, if its worsening or more severe and includes symptoms such as vomiting, fever, pain with movement, you should be evaluated as soon as possible. There are endless possibilities as to what could cause this pain and a physical exam & testing would be needed.<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p>  Home pregnancy tests can help you determine if you are pregnant before the first day of your next scheduled period. Some detect the hormones of pregnancy around four to six days before your next period. Some home pregnancy tests are labeled as being extremely sensitive, however these vary by brand. It's probably best to speak to your local pharmacist about the specifics of each of these over- the- ounter products to help you detect pregnancy as early as possible.  Sometimes the more active we are during our periods the easier they become.  Yes, it can.  The normal periods are of 28 days. But as you told you are having it three times then it is called as irregular periods. Irregular periods usually occurs due to hormonal imbalance of estrogen and progesterone and also caused in women with PCOS and Hypothyroidism. But any type of irregular periods can be treated if women opt for birth control pills or oral contraception as they contain estrogen and progesterone hormones and prescribed to control irregularities of periods. SO, please start having Birth Control pills like, Depo Provera, Nexplanon, Mirena and Nuva Ring etc. And if want them on your doorstep then go for online pharmacies like: Meds247online.  Her body will abort the baby. It happened to me.  Chances are you are not pregnant but that is not always the case. It depends on when you tested. If you might have tested too early then it could come back negative. I would wait another week or so and re-test. If you are still not sure, you should contact your doctor and they could further assist you.  Yes you could still be pregnant. Some women will have period like symptoms at the beginning of their pregnancy. If you do not have any cramping, i wouldn't worry. I would retest and go speak with your Doctor right away!  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  I am 37 years old, just found out i am pregnant. I have three wonderful boys, with one man we were together 13 years but split when my youngest was 7 months old. I am now living with a man and been together for three years. The thing is i am scared about it having another child, and being the only parent to care for it. I love the man i am with, but he works long hours and is gone for weeks at a time. What am i to do to raise this child alone, one day i was browsing on the internet i saw chief oduduwa L, on facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) oduwalegba@outlook.com or +2348165061583, testimony saying that he help people who cant get pregnant, and people that dont have any child that are looking for, i quickly took his email and contact him for help after doing what he ask me to do things change and that day i got my self back again and i was having enough power and every thing went through. So i contact my friend that live in NYC she has be married for 12 years but no child, to my best surprise my friend that was childless for the past 12 years was pregnant oh my God with oduduwa all thing are possible  when is my due period  When you look at your dietary intake, be conscious of both quantity and quality of the foods that you eat. My initial thoughts are that your feelings of being uncomfortable and bloated might be because youre eating too fast or too much at one time. The first thing I would suggest that you try is to cut back on how much you eat in one sitting, making sure that you eat your food slowly and chew thoroughly. Try eating a small portion of a meal, waiting 15 minutes, and then consuming more of your meal if youre still hungry. You could also try to eat 5-6 smaller, more frequent meals throughout the entire day as well. Also important to consider is the type of foods that youre eating. You may notice some of these symptoms if youre not eating healthy in general. I would recommend food journaling your dietary intake so that you can begin to notice trends between what youre eating and when you feel this way. Some foods may cause you to feel more bloated and to have more gas naturally, but you may also have a food intolerance, sensitivity, or allergy. You can meet with your doctor to have an allergy test, but those arent always 100% accurate. Registered dietitians will often recommend an elimination diet to help determine if there are certain foods that your body will not tolerate. An elimination diet begins by being very restrictive with your food intake followed by gradually reintroducing more food into your diet. Once you notice symptoms returning, you can begin to better identify which foods are causing the problems you are experiencing. Please meet with your doctor or a registered dietitian for more guidance.  I'm not a doctor but have given birth to 5 children. I have heard of something similar to this before. Sometimes when we want to get pregnant badly (maybe even in the back of our minds) our body will react as if it is pregnant. Some women have even had lactation and large abdomens because they wanted a child so much. You may also have some biological problems such as something to do with your ovaries. A doctor can check for all of this and maybe you are hoping so much it may happen anyway. The best thing is to do is to get a really good exam from a specialist who can test your blood for anything that may be going on or maybe your body got so used to the birth control pills it may take a few months to balance out the PH in your body. Hope this helps from a mother who is non-medical but maybe just relax after all is done (above) and let nature take it's course. I wish you the very best in your endeavor. God bless you!!!!  I know a woman who started to produce milk and was not pregnant. She said her husband would suck on them for long periods of time night-after-night. She felt them getting heavy and increased 2 cup sizes. Don't know if this can happen to all women or not. Your doctor should be able to determine the cause.  Depending on what kind of test you used, some are very sensitive to the hormone that they measure to determine whether or not you're pregnant, and can therefore give a positive reading earlier. Some can show a positive result at 2 weeks. Home tests can also give false-negatives. One common reason is that you're using or reading them incorrectly. Even if you think that can't possibly be the case, make sure you read and carefully follow the directions exactly. If you've had that many positive tests, you could very likely be pregnant. You should schedule an appointment with your doctor, who will probably do another urine tests and a blood test to be sure.  It definitely is possible to receive a false-negative result on a home pregnancy test. Some things that can cause a false-negative result are not following the package directions (especially the ones that say how long to hold the dipstick in the urine) and testing diluted urine (such as if you drank a lot of water during the day you tested). Testing first thing in the morning is a good idea because that's when your urine is most concentrated. Your best bet at this point is to see a health care provider for a more precise pregnancy test in a medical setting. While you're waiting to do this, be sure to live as if you are -- in other words, eat healthy, don't smoke, and avoid drinking alcohol. Until you know for sure, you should err on the side of caution. Hope this helps!  You need to call your gynecologist as soon as possible to determine if you are, in fact, pregnant or if you're having trouble with your IUD. An intrauterine device (IUD) is considered an effective birth control method, so you should not be able to get pregnant. However, no form of birth control is 100% foolproof. If you are pregnant and have an IUD, it's important to get a diagnosis as soon as possible. You can't go through an entire pregnancy with an IUD in place. It's also possible for an IUD to become dislodged or penetrate the uterine wall. In short, a number of scenarios could cause the symptoms you describe, and you need to find out what's going on as soon as possible. Best wishes to you!  If you have routinely taken your birth control pills with no lapses, it would be very rare, indeed, to become pregnant. But not impossible. You should see a gynecologist immediately for a serum pregnancy test to make sure you are not pregnant. No one who is pregnant should take birth control pills, but you do not give any indication of being pregnant other than your perception that your abdomen looks larger. Normally, this is not a sign of very early pregnancy. Under typical circumstances, a woman's pregnancy doesn't start showing for at least four or five weeks. Again, though, just to be safe, you should get to a doctor's office as soon as possible to find out for sure what's going on. Wishing you well!  Most are pretty reliable when used exactly as directed about a week after your missed period. So, for example, if your period was supposed to start 12/5, then you can start testing around 12/7. Home pregnancy tests detect a hormone called human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) in the urine. Because the sensitivity of each brand of home pregnancy test varies, you'll probably get the most accurate result if you take the test first thing in the morning, when your urine is most concentrated. Be sure to read the instructions very carefully and time the test exactly as indicated. This will help provide the most accurate result. If you get a negative result but don't start your period, I'd suggest you test again. The body continues to produce hCG throughout the first few weeks of pregnancy, so a negative test could simply indicate your levels were too low to detect the first time. Good luck!  Good for you for practicing safe sex. Condoms are good not only for pregnancy prevention but for reducing the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases. You should be able to test within a day or two of your next missed period. In other words, you'll have to wait to see if your next scheduled period is late. If it is, you can test a day or two after it was due. Each home pregnancy test is different, so read the box to see when it says to test. Best wishes to you!  I think this is something you should discuss with your gynecologist. It's possible you're experiencing a (the medical term is pseudocyesis), but the fact your home pregnancy test returned a positive result concerns me. There are a few rare cancers that can mimic the symptoms of pregnancy, and you should ask to have those ruled out. You might also consider making an appointment with a counselor to discuss your situation. A counselor can help you cope with feelings of disappointment from not being pregnant when you so badly want to be, and also can help you understand why your mind might be causing your body to exhibit the symptoms of pregnancy when you're not pregnant. Wishing you all the best!  From what you're describing, it sounds highly unlikely you could be pregnant. But I never say never when it comes to pregnancy. If your partner wore a condom throughout this encounter, did not penetrate you, and ejaculated into the condom, then I'd say the odds of pregnancy are slim to none. If your partner did penetrate you prior to pulling out and putting on a condom, that's an entirely different story because any seminal fluid (including "pre-cum") can contain sperm, which can in turn fertilize an egg if they find one. There's no need to take a pregnancy test unless you have actually missed your period (by which I mean it's at least a week late). I realize some home pregnancy test kits say they work even before a missed period, but those are not necessarily the most accurate tests. To obtain an accurate result, wait until you've missed the start of your period, then take a home pregnancy test first thing in the morning, when your urine is the most concentrated. Be very careful with the timing. If you follow all the package instructions, the results should be quite accurate. Wishing you all the best!  Home pregnancy tests can be quite accurate. But the accuracy depends on many things. These include: How you use them -- Be sure to follow the directions and check the expiration date. When you use them -- The amount of hCG or pregnancy hormone in your urine increases with time. So, the earlier after a missed period you take the test the harder it is to spot the hCG. If you wait one week after a missed period to test, you are more apt to have an accurate result. Also, testing your urine first thing in the morning may boost the accuracy. Who uses them -- The amount of hCG in the urine is different for every pregnant woman. So, some women will have accurate results on the day of the missed period while others will need to wait longer. The brand of test -- Some home pregnancy tests are more sensitive than others. So, some tests are better than others at spotting hCG early on. Many HPTs claim to be 99% accurate on the day you miss your period. But research suggests that most HPTs do not consistently spot pregnancy that early. And when they do, the results are often very faint.  Profasi is chorionic gonadotropin, also known as Chorex, Novarel, Ovidrel, and Pregnyl. This medication is used in women to aid in conception. It is usually given in combination with other drugs, such as menotropins and urofollitropins. It works similarly to a natural hormone in the body, the lutenizing hormorne (LH). Yes, it will give a positive result, so please make sure you're monitored for true pregnancy by your doctor.  More than likely. But i would wait until you have missed your period and take another test to see if the results read more accurately.False negatives occur more often but it is very rare to recieve a false positive. Even if the test result is faint it is still a positive.  Hello guys! I just wanted to help anyone out there who might be having the same issues. So I'am following up with how the doctor's visit went. My daughter was tested both with her urine, vaginal exam and she had blood work done. The doctor said that she was fine that at her age it was ok that she wasn't having a period. She suggested getting her on the pill "if" my daughter wanted to have a regular cycle. She did warn her that without knowing a round about time she could be taken by surprise when her period does decide to show up. I do believe that the depo may have had a small role in it but the doctor never confirmed it since she had been off of it for over a year. In the end she decided not to go on the pill she thinks it awesome not having to worry about getting a period ( for now) every month.  I'm no doctor but I would venture to say that you were probably just late coming on to your period. Sometimes your periods can be heavier I'm ignorant as to why this is exactly. However; sometimes mine tend to be way heavier one month and than normal the next.  Hello there! No, I don't think that your pregnant. I say this because of all the negative test feedback. However I do think that you should see a doctor if you are having such heavy discharge. You could have a number of things going on such as a yeast infection ( which you could try over the counter testing for to determ if that's possibly what it is. They also sell treatment for yeast infections as well. ) You could also have some type of STD ( I know that's not what you want to hear.) I know its not a 100% answer but better to be safe than sorry. If you don't have insurance you can try the free clinic most county's have them. Depending on your income you only have to pay a minimum fee or in most cases nothing at all.  It is perfectly reasonable that she conceived and you are the father, based on the timing you described. It was 9 days following the 26th that she found out she is pregnant. Women typically ovulate 10-15 days after they started their last period and pregnancy tests can detect the pregnancy 5 days from the day she was supposed to start her period. Therefore, timing was likely just right and she was a few days out from starting her period.  you really shouldn't worry about getting pregnanat while on birth control. Your periods are being missed because of the birth control, however, that is completely normal. I would not be concerned with it at all  i didn't understand that you put the nuvaring in a day late. You can take a pregnancy test about 10 days after you apply the nuvaring. The pregnancy tests today are so advanced that pregnancy can be detected within a short time.  It could also be the start of menopause.  IF you have a "normal" 28 day cycle, ovulation would be around Day 14. Your most fertile days would be Days 10 to 17. Three weeks before your period was due would be Day 7 which would be a bit too early as sperm live a maximum of 5 days. They'd probably be dead before you ovulated.  Seeing a doctor sounds like the best bet. They can perform a blood pregnancy test and any other tests to rule things out!  False negatives are way more common than false positives. False positives rarely happen! Did you take them at different times in the day? If you are very early on a positive may only be detected if you use very concentrated urine such as first morning urine.  Stress can cause you to miss your period and it can cause nausea and vomiting and flu like symptoms, take some anti nausea medicine to help relieve some of the vomiting.  I feel full and bloated all the time now for the past two months. I eat very healthy and am not on any medications. My sister now has the same symptoms. I am 30 and she is 40. We are not pregnant, but as you did we also took tests because it felt similar to when we were pregnant. Did you go to the doctor? Are you still bloated? I cannot believe how long it is lasting. I was checking my hormone levels too. I fill up with gas for no reason - like it is in the air or something. Please answer back if you had any resolutions to your problem.  2 weeks after conception.  Also, best time to take one is with your morning oee. Although, if you are, it'll show up anytime of day.  You have to be careful, even if he did pull out there is still a chance of pre cum. I would invest in condoms or day after pills. If your worried your prego then I would go to a doctor.  First of all, are you on birth control? And second of all, you really should be more careful, stds and pregnancy are serious. I would consult someone you trust or your gyno. If your regular period is missed, then I would take a pregnancy test (or a few to be sure) and go see someone.  So are you getting a refill on the nuvaring? That seems like the first thing I'd do. For what it's worth, I use the NuvaRing to regulate my periods, b/c they were getting too heavy. Weird bad causes for the heavy bleeding were explored, ruled out, and then I got the NuvaRing as the treatment.  Two part answer...  I would wait another week then take a test. Your cycles could just be changing. But it could be to early to tell  Personally i never spotted. I just missed my period and then got a positive pregnancy test. from the sounds of it looks like you could be and it might be too early for a pg test. try again in a couple days. If you are trying to conceive then i hope for your BFP! good luck!!  A blood test would be the next step. Home pregnancy tests may not show a positive reading at this early point.  Yes, if you are female and have had sexual intercourse.  There could be a variety of reasons your appetite is high. You can troubleshoot by asking some key questions: Are you exercising more than usual? Is there more stress in your life? Are you getting less sleep? Has your diet changed? Some foods do a poor job of filling us up and this can be a factor in hunger (see article for filling foods below).  The main way we first determine how far along a woman is in her pregnancy is by her period. Further along in the pregnancy we can use other indicators, including ultrasound. At this point there really is no way for you to know, so you should go ahead and make an appointment with your doctor to touch base. They may want to do an ultrasound to get an idea of how far along you are.  Home pregnancy tests are very accurate so it's unlikely that you were pregnant before, especially if you were at least 7 to 10 days late for your period. Chapped lips aren't a common pregnancy symptom but it sounds like you had this issue before. Given the recurring problem with your period and the other symptoms you're having, I would not assume this is pregnancy. It's worth a visit to your doctor to find out what's going on. There's no harm in taking another pregnancy test, but if it's negative call your doctor so you can find out what's going on.  Period****  I never had a positive urine test with my son and I was pregnant. I would go to your doctor, or a clinic, and have a blood based pregnancy test for more accurate results. It may (I can't remember) take longer for the blood based tests to work - for more time to have passed than 3 weeks. But, bottom line, I would not rely on the urine tests and you may want to consider that you may be pregnant when making decisions (e.g. drinking, smoking, taking medications) until you have gone to the doctor.  It is not likely. During an abortion they scraped everything from the vagina so any semen still there would have been removed, and she would not have ovulated at that time because her body still thought it was pregnant. Best thing for her to do is see her doctor.  You're most likely not pregnant. Often stress causes you to miss a few periods and being stressed about missing is probably contributing to it too. I have a friend who skips a few around the same time every year and her doctor told her it was due to stress from the nutcracker which her company puts on every year at Christmas time. The same thing is probably what's happening to you. Although not related to ballet, it's from being stressed.  I have had mine delayed that long if you have had a lot of stress in the past bit. I also at one point took about 3 test before mine came up positive. But I was told by my Obgyn that sometimes stress can cause lateness and can sometimes cause a pregnancy test to come back negative instead of positive.  Yes, it is possible. I would try a test again. I have had false negative results from using cheaper pregnancy tests. I recommend First Response or Clear Blue and Easy. It could just be a late period too.  One way to tell you are pregnant is to get a blood pregnancy test done. When you put a urine pregnancy test in your mouth it counteracts with the device and it isnt made for an oral test...Go to your doctor and get a blood test done...It is the most effective and positive way to go and it is 99.9 percent correct.    Hi First could be the diet your on, and being extra active. You could be just skipping a period, this happens. But if you still worried, go see your doctor, and get a test done there. But think back have you been having unprotected sex within your last cycle? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi found you this nice piece of info from Dr Dhide. The simple answer to that is yes, many antibiotics do affect menstrual periods. The mechanism of how that happens is mainly related to reducing the available estrogen hormone which can lead to a change in the cycle and make it irregular. Details As you are aware in the first fourteen days of a 28 day menstrual cycle, the follicle starts growing and the initial hormone production is mainly estrogen. This starts making the lining of the endometrium thicker. After ovulation estrogen is joined by progesterone from the corpus luteum making the endometrium denser and mature. Estrogen is not only metabolized by the liver but also re-circulated between the gut and the liver (entero-hepatic circulation). Antibiotics can affect estrogen metabolism in two ways. Most antibiotics are metabolized in the liver and their presence can affect the rate of metabolism of estrogen (and progesterone). This can change the supply of estrogen available in the blood and that can cause irregularity of the cycle. Some antibiotics cause diarrhea like symptoms as they change the gut flora. This causes excessive excretion of estrogen through the gut as there is less time for re-absorption of estrogen (thus affecting the entero-hepatic circulation). This too reduces levels of estrogen in the blood.. Thus by changing the levels of estrogen in the blood the cycle will get disturbed because the pituitary gland secretes it's hormones depending on the level of estrogen in the blood. It is now getting the wrong information and wont act as expected. Ovulation is dependent on the pituitary gland identifying that there is enough estrogen in the blood and all these delicate balances are scuppered on antibiotic treatment. This way, many antibiotics can cause irregular menstrual cycle. The other point to note is you take antibiotics when you are not well. But process itself can alter your bodys metabolic behavior and ability to maintain a steady level of the hormone. One very practical point to note are antibiotics can affect the level of estrogen (and progestin) of the oral contraceptive pills. This in turn can cause the OC pill to fail when antibiotics are used in the same time period. Antiobiotics like Rifampicin, Ampicillin and some Cephalosporins are particularly notorious for this. Now being on antibiotics for 23 day solid is not good for you, its just in case you need to be on antibiotics for something more serious, they wont work. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS Look if your going to play around with sex, and not to happy to get pregnant, now would be the time to think about BC, there's the BC PIll, the ring, the implant, IUD or the cap or diaphragm, but don't think about depo shot just to many side effects.  Hi Read this its from WebMD, here on site, it should answer all your questions and help relax your problems. http://www.webmd.com/sex/birth-control/birth-control-depo-provera Look google natural ways out of depression you should find some help. Do hope you find what you looking for. Good Luck  Hi The Big NO is the answer, unless your b/f has some kind of magic sperm. But your OK Good Luck PS Ever heard of condoms, look never play around, our male sperm is quite good when it gets the chance, so be wise either get your self some BC protection or a good supply of condoms.  Hi, I think around 4 weeks is the time to test, so if so, your pregnant, but you could do it again, then you will know for sure. Hope this is what you wanted? Good Luck  Hi Then the best thing you can do is get to your doctor and have a test done there, you should get a better result that way. It could be the meds your on or have been on, these could be affecting an HPT. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi So did you get your period yet? if no then now is the time to do a test, if yes then the odds are your not pregnant, but it is possible to have a sort period and still be pregnant, but you would still need to do that test either and HPT or better still at your doctors, if its negative then see him/her about your spotting problem. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Yes you should be concerned, first you have not had a period for 5 months, you don't use birth control? but your sexually active. I think its about time you took a trip to your doctor and get yourself tested and let him/her sort out your problem if your not pregnant. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Then you cant be pregnant, your unprotected sex was on the safe side of day 14. So your last period would have been around the 2nd of September? yes so your day 14 would have been the 16th of September, which would have been your ovulation day, give or take a day. So now you can see that your unprotected sex was on the safe side, this means that you wasted 3 HPT's you only use these if you miss a period. OK Good Luck  Hi Skipping the week may just have affected your hormones, it should come back perhaps next month, its either wait or go to your doctor, then get told off my him/her for playing around. Any real reason for doing it? Good Luck  Hi Could be your just skipping a period, or to be on the safe side have you seen your doctor, get a test done there if the last one was an HPT. Hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi, No offence, but you should try and have sex more often, its really good for our body's. So OK 3 weeks and no sex, that would put you around the end of your last period, Yes, you need to take into consideration that some women can get pregnant from any stag of there cycle, to the women who have to have sex on the right day, hour, minute to get pregnant. So probably another week 10 days before a test would be best. Or you could be an early bird for menopause. so a simple blood test would tell you that. Do hope this helps with your problem. Good Luck  Hi Then it could just be a skipped period, or stress. But as I cant see you, you could be overweight, or even underweight, have you been doing strenuous exercise. These are the most likely ones off the top of my head. But if your really worried go see your doctor. Does this help. Good Luck  Hi TOG, found you this info, the post for it sounded just like your problem. There are two possible explanations for "excessive blood in the uterus". 1. Hematometra---This is a collection of blood or unexpelled menstrual blood trapped inside the uterus. I have seen this condition where the cervical canal has scarred over (eg from a laser or LEEP procedure) such that the blood can not pass out into the vagina. I have also seen it after an abortion where the cervix is temporarily swollen shut so blood is retained. Lastly, some congenital abnormal structures of the uterus can prevent flow from escaping. This later cause is usually found only in young teen women. Retained blood in the uterus can prompt abdominal pain and an enlarged, tender uterus. 2. A too-thick, excessive uterine lining--In this scenario it is not blood, rather an excessively thick lining inside the uterus This is way more common than a hematometra. The usual cause of a too thick lining is missed ovulations. The concern with a thickened lining is the development of abnormal, precancerous cells. This would not cause abdominal pain. You mentioned having had removal of your right ovary last month. It is unlikely for blood related to your surgery to be trapped inside the uterus. It would be possible that you could have missed several ovulations due to the stress of the surgery and any right ovary problems. The consultation with the GYN should give you the most "for sure" answer. They can clarify what exactly was seen on ultrasound--blood in the uterus or an excessively thick lining. Bottom line, both are readily treatable. Yours, Jane That's Jane Harrison Hoher, RN,RNP, here on WebMD. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Well as things seem to have gone as they should, why not just wait the 3 days and see what happens? Good Luck  Hi, Have you thought of seeing your doctor, would be the best place to start, from him a gyno, get your self sorted out. Good Luck  Hi You can have periods why your pregnant, but these are very light periods that last only 3 days. But if you thin k this normal for you all you can is keep getting tested and see, if nothing comes of this, it may pay you to go on the BC pill for say 6 months to regulate your periods, then come off them and try again after a month or 2 depending when your periods become regular. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have you been having unprotected sex? even just putting you penis and not ejaculating she can still get pregnant, if you masturbated before sex then sperm would be in your urethra, and any sperm would be carried in pre-cum. So all you can do is get her to her doctors and get a test done there, best way. Good Luck  Hi, Your find its your and the rings hormones they can take 3 to 6 months before they get back to normal. If your thinking of trying to get pregnant, You should wait till you get back in a regular cycle, then go for it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Coming off depo shot, it can take a long time before she comes back to being normal, google coming off depo shoot and getting period back, should throw up all the answers your looking for, but if I remember right can take some time with some women before getting back to normal, anything up to 2 years. Good Luck  Hi If you have not been having unprotected sex, then why the test? Sounds like you should be on the BC pill, this would help regulate you periods. But stress will plat havoc with your periods. Find some natural way of relieving your stress, try and keep away from drugs, just google natural ways out of stress, pick a way and stay with it, don't mix them up. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sarah, Yes with that date you could have got pregnant as his sperm would be there waiting for you egg, why? Well it takes male sperm 3 days to reach your womb, where it can live for 5,7 or 10 days max so day 14 being ovulation day, it was there waiting. So did the condom fall was this before he ejaculated or just after, if it was just after his sperm could have been locked in the end, so when you fished it out it was still there, me and my wife had this happen a couple of times, she never got pregnant. But do you have any of the feelings of being pregnant?, the thing is do you want to be pregnant? Just come back through, answer this above. If not. Good Luck  Hi Why take an HPT on a period? you take an HPT on the first day of a missed period, unless you do think your pregnant, but why on a period? Good Luck  Hi, Yes there is always a chance of getting pregnant from having unprotected sex, and your 7 days from ovulation day, your egg and his sperm could meet head on. All you can do is wait to see if you get your next period, if you don't then that would be the time to get tested. Hope this helps you. Good Luck PS, Question did he or you not have a condom then?  Hi Well you have done an HPT and was negative, so you either go to your doctor and have one there, or its just a skipped period. Yes it could be to do with hormones building up inside you, if its Progestrogen only BC, then yes it could these that has given you your missed period, they can do that. But rubbing genitals together is safe sex as long as the head of his penis keeps away from your opening, but then your on BC so it wont matter, you are protected, this is why your on BC, just use some extra lubrication, it will help, Look you seem to be young? yes, well go have a good read on www.dodsonandross.com your find all the help you need there's even a slot for first time sex, just look down the left hand side, as you have not said, don't be forced into sex, only when your ready. Do hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi Could be that the sex was so good, its just upset your system, only time will tell, to late for plan B. If things go right, and your not pregnant, get on the BC pill, will save all these problems your now having, or get a good supply of condoms in, and put a couple in each bag you own. Please always remember safe sex is best sex. Good Luck  Hi Krisy The chances are very, very low to nothing, your talking about something that may never had happened, so this is now stressing you out, this stress could stop you getting your next period, and then this would give you even greater stress, why? Playing with sex, with no condoms and your not even on any BC, and this now ends up with this problem. So just calm down, just wait, and see what happens, this is all you can do for now. So in the meantime get to your doctor, get some BC pills ready as most of these start on the first day of your period, or get a whole load of condoms. Good Luck  Hi Have you seen your doctor over this, you may now need a D&C this as you should know will clean out your womb, this will get things right for you. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Not taken the second pill was not a good idea, its part of the course. So its suck it an see time, but getting periods does not mean your not pregnant, it is possible for the odd women to go through there whole pregnancy having there periods. It just wait time. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, I think you having a phantom pregnancy, its ok it happens, you r not the first. found you a very good link which I think will explain things far better than me. The Link, http://www.psychologytoday.com/articles/200703/quirky-minds-phantom-pregnancy Just copy into google to get you there and see it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See your doctor and get a hormone test done, y6opu may find its to do with your hormones, they could be out of whack. Good Luck  Hi This is from the Mayo clinic. At first, an ectopic pregnancy might not cause any signs or symptoms. In other cases, early signs and symptoms of an ectopic pregnancy might be the same as those of any pregnancy  a missed period, breast tenderness and nausea. If you take a pregnancy test, the result will be positive. Still, an ectopic pregnancy can't continue as normal. Abdominal or pelvic pain and light vaginal bleeding are often the first warning signs of an ectopic pregnancy. If blood leaks from the fallopian tube, it's also possible to feel shoulder pain or an urge to have a bowel movement  depending on where the blood pools or which nerves are irritated. Heavy vaginal bleeding is unlikely, unless the ectopic pregnancy occurs in the cervix. If the fallopian tube ruptures, heavy bleeding inside the abdomen is likely  followed by lightheadedness, fainting and shock. When to see a doctor Seek emergency medical help if you experience any signs or symptoms of an ectopic pregnancy, including: Severe abdominal or pelvic pain accompanied by vaginal bleeding Extreme lightheadedness or fainting Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi, If you think you have missed your period, either do an HPT or get a test done at your doctors, ask about PCOD, this could be your problem with your periods. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, Time to take a deep breath, just try and give it another week to see how thing go, just try relaxing would be the best thing for you, tension is not doing you any good, I know its hard for you, if you lose the tension this may just kick off your late period, don't forget hot baths, and get out walking, both of these should help as well. Do hope this little chat helps. Good Luck  Hi After 8 months I think you should know if your pregnant by that big bump in front of you. But if you have not had a period for 8 months then its time for you to get off to your doctor, 1, he can do a pregnancy test, or 2 he can sort out your period problem, or lack of them. But this would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi Well Have you thought of seeing your doctor, get a test done there, and have an exam. It could be you getting sexually active, its just given your system a jolt, and skipping a couple of periods, your could be stressed, is your weight low or high, do you exercise a lot, these are some of the reasons your missing a period. Could even be your BC playing up. Hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi You need to wait and see if you miss your next period, if that happens then take a test. Its the only way. Good Luck  Hi And just why would a man take a pregnancy test, if its a home pregnancy test I cant see how peeing on a stick could give you cancer, most pregnancy tests are done from a urine test. I think someone is pulling your chain. Good Luck  Hi Yes you can go through a pregnancy having periods, but these are not regular periods there shorter, like 3 days. You could be having a phantom pregnancy, you get all the symptoms and a bump, but no baby. Do you know what part of your cycle you were at when you had unprotected sex? it would have needed to have been 3 to 4 before day 14 of your cycle, after that very chancy of getting pregnant, but have you not been having sex since then? If you want to answer? just come back through, answer this, above.  Hi Its normally done around what would be the first day of your next period, if you miss it. Any help. Good Luck   Hi Its normally done around what would be the first day of your next period, if you miss it. Any help. Good Luck  Hi So you have had two episodes of having a period? Yes, then you need to see either your doctor or your gyno, sounds like you hormones could be out of whack. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi For some women it has to be in the fertile days of the month, for others it can be anytime of the month, even having sex during there periods, and pre cum can have male eggs in it. When your having unprotected sex, its a mine field, lots of danger, please be careful, what ever your doing do it safe, either get on BC or use a condom. Good Luck  Hi Just the once, OK first you need to see if you miss you period, if so then either do a HPT or do a test at your doctors. Did you have sex around day 14 of your cycle or a couple before, you have to remember it takes male sperm 3 days to reach your egg, and your egg only lives for 2 days, see its all down to timing. Sorry its just timing, and a waiting game. Good Luck  Hi So do you mean your still bleeding? please get to your doctor or ER ASAP If it was a miscarriage, it should not hurt any future chances of getting pregnant, the thing that may help you now would be a D and C its just a small op to clean out your womb, after that give it a couple on months and try again. Don't worry, its just natures way of getting rid of unwanted rubbish. Take it your young and healthy. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi But sorry the answer is yes, you can still get pregnant why having a yeast infection, may not be the answer you looking for? or is it? Good Luck  Hi, They call it abnormal vicinal bleeding has many possible causes. By itself, it does not necessarily indicate a serious condition. I would just keep going with your BC and see how things go on your next cycle for now. But any more problems like this one see your doctor or gyno. Good Luck  Hi OK you need to wait to the next first day of your next period, to do another test, this day is the best day, see how it goes and take it from there doctor and so forth. But it could be just a skipped period? Good Luck  Hi They say to test on the first day of your next missed period, so from what you have said try, in say2 to 3 days, just try an HPT and see how it goes. Good Luck  Hi If you have missed your last period, then get to your doctor and get a test done there, its the best way to go. And then at the right time you can get in for a scan. Good Luck  Hi Well as you had your period on August 1st, then around day 14 would have been your ovulation day, give or take a day , so have sex 2 to 7 days before that would have done it, its takes male sperm 3 days to reach your womb, and can live for up to 10 days max. So 2 weeks would be about right then, your doctor would be basing his from your last period date so yes he's right. But dose it really matter when unless your not married and trying to workout who the father is by this calculation? Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi In doing research for you, have found these two answers. One, is to leave it for one more cycle, if you don't get a period get your BC pills changed over. The Second was this, as you have missed two periods, stop taken them and go see your doctor ASAP Do hope this helps you, but it is possible there just two skipped or missed periods. Good Luck  Hi when you last period should have been, so now will do. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Your HCG will only rise after implantation has happened, so that's that one out of the way. The reason for no period symptoms could its just a skipped period, it happens to lots of women, sometimes at the wrong time, as with you now. one more out of the way. If your cycle is a 28 day cycle, so day one first day of your period? yes, ok then day 14 give or take a day, is ovulation day, now you need to have unprotected sex 4 days before this, reason it takes sperm 3 days to reach your womb and can live the for 5,7 or 10 days max, this means its sitting there just waiting for you egg. Get this working you should get pregnant, but no matter what length your period is, its always day 14. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, If I was you, I would not be sitting around looking for answers, you would best getting off to your gyno, and let him/her try and sort out your problems, seems something is amiss. Good Luck  Hi Try thinking menopause, ok don't cry, its happens to the best of women, but your not alone, look just get to your doctor, get a blood test done, it for your hormones, from just this it will tell you just where you are along the menopause trail. Bet your now glad you come here now, its the end of one life and the start of a period free new life. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See the above answer.  Hi Sarah, OK just get to your doctor, do a test there and its been since July ask for a scan to be done, this way you will know for sure if you are pregnant. This would save all the guessing. Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi, As they say slow down your going to fast, look you just need to wait, till you have missed your first period, when and if this happens, see I did say if, then you can do a HPT or get your doctor to do one, but this could be your best choice, then the doctor can give you a work over. But please just slow down on the eating, its kind of not the thing to do now, eating for two. But just eat healthy. Good Luck  Hi If you have been having unprotected sex? what else would you expect a pregnancy test to show, if this was a home test, and you don't trust it, just pop of to your doctor and get one there. Don't worry, I'll wait here for you and your result. Good Luck  Hi, Did you have the Mirena or the Copper IUD? Because of the major hormone change when the Mirena is removed your system will take a few months to get back to normal. Hormones are all ways a big problem doing this and missing a period would be considered normal if you had the Mirena. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If like my wife, you keep a diary of you periods as a way of tracking them, from this you can work out things, like when your last period was, and from this when it should have been. OK so far, if your is just a 28 day period, then about day 14 this would have been your last ovulation day, give or take a day, so if you had sex around two or 3 days before that date, bingo you can now put your finger on who's the daddy. Good Luck  Hi See if this can help you to get over your problem. The medical name for absent or missing periods is amenorrhoea. Hypothalamic amenorrhoea  where the part of the brain that regulates the menstrual cycle stops working properly (it's thought to be triggered by excessive exercise, weight loss and stress. Hyperprolactinemia  where a person has abnormally high levels of a hormone called prolactin in their blood. The ovaries stopping working properly (ovarian failure), even though the woman has not yet gone through the menopause. Hormonal conditions such as having an overactive thyroid or an underactive thyroid. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I found this link, this may shed some light on your problem, I think your find this is all down to hormones, and if you on BC by the pill, then even more so. Good Luck The link, http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/003153.htm  Hi Then if its longer than 2 weeks then now would be a good time, or you could try your doctor. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The cramps could be from your period being late, you could even miss this period, that dose happen. But just give it a couple of days if nothing happens go see your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi Either irregular periods or no periods is a side effect of POCD. have a good read through this link below its from the UK's NHS. The Link, http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Polycystic-ovarian-syndrome/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy link into google to open and read. This should help you understand POCD a lot better. Good Luck  Hi Google phantom pregnancy, you could be having one, it dose happen. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Have you thought of having a test done at you doctors, he/she would be to tell you if your hormones were low, and if your pregnant? if not then tell just where your problem lies. In the time after the 28th did you have unprotected sex? around Sep 7/8 of Sep? Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  HI it could be just a skipped period, it happens, but if your still worried why not go to see your doctor and get a test done there. Hope this helps a bit. Good Luck  Hi, The time to take a test would be on the first day of your next missed period, even if you do have a period I would still have one, reason it is possible for you to have periods why being pregnant. May sound a bit crazy, but it can happen. Good Luck  Hi, So apart from a missed or skipped period, have you had any spotting. Tender, swollen breasts, early in pregnancy hormonal changes might make your breasts tender, sensitive or sore. Nausea with or without vomiting. Increased urination. Fatigue. Food aversions or cravings. Even having unprotected sex you sometimes just wont get pregnant, it can happen, as lots of couples know from trying. Some times trying to hard, you will just not get pregnant. Try doing a test at your doctors see what you get from that. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First she should see her doctor ASAP for a test, if this comes out negative again could be just a missed period, these do happen from time to time amongst women. But if she is not pregnant, then its about time she was on some kind of BC being either the pill, the cap, the ring, implant or IUD, but please keep away from depo shot, just to many side effects. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think your find its all from the pill its just your body settling down, its probably your hormones and oestrogens, just getting back to normal, it may take a couple of months more before things get back to normal, a lot of this will depend how long you were on the pill. Good Luck  Hi First think back, any unprotected sex? and chance having unprotected sex, but he did not ejaculate? even this can get you pregnant, OK But it is possible for you to have just a missed or skipped period or even two in a row, and if your only 16, even longer. Any help. Good Luck  Hi Do I take it you mean immunosuppressive, if so read through this link, it should help you understand more. http://www.news-medical.net/news/20131111/Women-taking-immunosuppressive-medications-during-pregnancy-do-not-put-their-babies-at-risk.aspx Just copy link into google up to the www. To open and read Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi First question would be, have you had unprotected sex? and it is possible to skip a period here and there without being pregnant. But as you have missed a period, why don't you go to your doctor, and let him/her do a test, have word and see what they say. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Depending how long you were on it, would depend how long it will be before you get your normal periods back and working. They say is best to wait till your have had your periods back normal for 3 months before trying to conceive. Are you saying you was put on depo shot? that's a 3 month BC injection, meaning you cant get pregnant for the next 3 months or longer. Is this last bit right? Please come back through answer this.  Hi you will find that your, periods may change significantly while using a contraceptive implant. Around 20% of women using the implant will have no bleeding, and almost 50% will have infrequent or prolonged bleeding. Bleeding patterns are likely to remain irregular, although they may settle down after the first year. And breast tenderness is also a side effect. So this saves you a visit to anybody, are but did you think of the free mothers clinic? But all your answers come from the UKs NHS. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Some things you may find, that are other triggers to look for. Do you feel nauseous, have you sore breasts, do you get fatigued, are you urinating more???? Your first pregnancy test should be one the first day of your first missed period. So do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Give it another week and test again, see how you go then, but it is possible to go through a pregnancy having a period each month. If you still have concerns, go to your doctor. Good Luck  Hi, For now all you can do is wait till Friday, being you period date, if by Sunday your period has not started then do your pregnancy test? that's the best time to do one and not before. Test before a missed period that can throw up false results. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Murray, you can only get a good result if you do this test on what would be the first day of your next (if pregnant) first day of the period if its missed. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi It would be the first day of your next period. But your only a day late, or are you worried, do you want to be pregnant and not forgetting that you can just miss a period without being pregnant. Hope this helps. Good Luck  If you have not had a blood test do so... HPT are not as accurate as they proclaim to be. A vaginal ultrasound would be better. I was pregnant before and I took several test that came back negative. It took for me to go the the ER for severe pelvic pain to discover I was 12 weeks pregnant and miscarrying.  Doesn't mean that you are not pregnant. You might be having a fallopian tube pregnancy, which is very serious. Go see a Ob/Gyn doctor right away for test to confirm. Those home pregnancy tests don't always tell the truth.  I was on Depo for 4 years when I was younger and never had a spotting or period. I did have some discharge, but my doctor said that was normal. I went off it for two years and came back to it again only to be on it for two years. Same results, no spotting, no period. However, my doctor does not want me on it anymore because after so many years it does affect your calcium in your bones. She has removed me from it as of October 2012 and I still have not had a period or any spotting. She said it could take a year for my body to regulate and get back to normal. Her main concern is focused on my bones and calcium. I hope that helps a little.  Most over the counter pregnancy tests can be used as soon as you miss a period. Some can even be used a few days before your missed period. At this point, you can take a pregnancy test and it will be reliable.  Most over the counter pregnancy test are accurate when the first morning urine is used after a missed period. However, some pregnancy tests can be used up to 3 days before a missed period. The most accurate result can be made at your doctor's office after you have missed a period.  Over the counter pregnancy tests are generally very accurate, especially when used after your a miss period. However, I would recommend that you see your doctor to determine why you have missed a period, especially since you usually have a regular cycle. Your doctor will probably do a blood pregnancy test and check some other blood work to make sure everything is okay.  My friend took 8 pregnancy tests when she was pregnant with her daughter. Her body just didn't respond to them, even though she was three months pregnant. I would suggest getting a blood test to rule out pregnancy, and then (if you're not pregnant) you can talk with your doctor about what the underlying cause may be.  Ask your doctor to order an HCG blood test This will definately tell you!  Usually about 2 weeks or more later.  Talk to your regular gyn first. There Is a reason for your issues and your dr has the skills to start the research. They will start with a blood test for pregnancy. Stress can lead to an irregular cycle but so can many things. One of the simplest tests drs use with infertility issues is a hysterosalpingogram HSG. This test is done in an imaging department and looks at your uterus and Fallopian tubes using contrast.  If you had unprotected sex and missed a pill, you could be pregnant. If you are late, take a home test.  I wouldn't worry. There are many factors that can through off a period. However, if it continues exactly the same for 2-3 more months, I would get an appointment with a OB-GYN. There could fibroids, ovarian cycts, the list is long.  The pregnancy test is quite sensitive meaning it will pick up over 99% of true pregnancies. It would be unusual for you to be pregnant after having taken 3 pregnancy tests. Have you missed your period? If so, the pregnancy test should be positive. If you continue to have the symptoms, you should repeat the test in several weeks. The other part is have you had unprotected intercourse since your last menstrual period? If so, then you may have to wait a little more time before finding out. ...  Hello Friend, You don't have to worry about any thing, i assure you that you won't get pregnant, because you have your period, and finger does not cause pregnancy, even it has some premature ejaculatory.  The topical vaginal yeast medications (creams, suppositories) are safe to use. Always check with your women's health provider just in case, if you have any doubts or concerns.  Basically anytime that you have unprotected sex (the condom broke), you are capaple of getting pregnant, however, there are only a few days every month that you are ovulating. Two days before your period is not the time you would be expected to ovulate, so if you have a predictable, regular cycle, you are not likely going to get pregnant from this one isolated mistake. However, if there were other mistakes in the last month or so, then anything is possible. Wait another week or so and take another home pregnancy test, or see your medical provider for a more accurate pregnancy test and exam.  See your medical provider or gynecologist. There is a more sensitive blood pregnancy test that you can have. And, yes, because there may be other causes for your array of symptoms, including your late or missed period, you should be carefully examined and those other causes should be investigated.  Make sure that your blood test for HCG (pregnancy test) is the most accurate of the tests, and make an appointment with your OB/GYN for an examination. In need be, you can have an ultrasound. Sometimes, a woman wants to be pregnant so desperately that many of the symptoms are created by their anxious mind. It is not uncommon to have a false pregnancy in these situations, but before that is determined to be the answer, all diagnostic tests must be exhausted....and repeated.  Lactation has no effect on HCG levels and will not alter a pregnancy test.  I do not know the spacing of your cycles or anything about your sexual practices or medical history, but I would say that a few days late on your period would be a bit early. While some pregnancy tests can be accurate this soon, I think you really want a ACCURATE result. Wait a week or so....  It is really not up to me, or anyone, to tell you whether you should be concerned or not. Clearly, you are concerned so my suggestion for you is to call the OB now....not wait two weeks....and talk to him/her, or the advice RN if he has one. Many women have no idea they are pregnant until their pregnancy is quite far. They did not have any symptoms either.  Anytime that you have sex with a woman and CHOSE not to use a condom (even if she is on another form of birth control)....YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE, or at least "half" responsible, since your partner has a say about this too. Rather than worry if you are the father, or someone else, it would be best to recognize the seriousness of this event. If your partner is pregnant, and it could be you, then you need to step up to the plate and support her. If your partner does have other partners, it can get a bit messy, but you cannot really determine if you are the father based solely on a pregnancy test. Pregnancy tests are not foolproof, so the test can be wrong. Partners have been know to "lie" about the positive results to test your response (a very bad practice), and sometimes, early pregnancies end in miscarriages. Be a man! In the event that you have created a pregnancy, then your life is about to change. Don't throw accusatory arrows and forget about the big picture. You may be holding a baby that looks surprisingly like you in less than a year....or not. Go with her to the doctor for a confirmation test and exam. If she is pregnant, then eventually, you will be able to get an estimate of the date of conception....but perhaps, not now. If it is disclosed in the near future that you are not the father, then at least you will be able to hold your head up high and be proud of your personal support during the very trying time.  No.  These are presumptive signs of pregnancy, but of course, there can be other reasons to account for your symptoms. Have your medical provider order a more-sensitive blood pregnancy test.  Not necessarily. Some women produce large amounts of HCG (the hormone that is detected in a pregnacy test) with a single fetus. Be patient....you will either find out when you have an ultrasound (most likely), or when two babies surprise you in the delivery room (those kind of surprises are rare anymore).  Sometimes, a person wants to be pregnant so desperately that their brain creates a false-pregnancy. I had one patient who had a complete hysterectomy that even sent out birth announcements and started wearing pregnancy clothes. She wanted a miracle birth where none could exist. Could it be that this person was experiencing a similar false-pregancy, and a "loss" of that pregnancy? This person may have lost a "child" that never really existed except in her own mind. I do not know any of the details of this case, as you know, so I can only speculate. If there is medical evidence like ultrasound results, pregnancy tests, etc., only she has the right to reveal it...or not. She may need some psychological help, not trouble her for documentation to prove or disprove her story. She has experienced a loss, but perhaps the loss was her inability to ever have a child because of the hysterectomy. This can be very, very difficult for a woman who wanted a child so desperately that her mind may have created one. I trust that you will approach this with sensitivity and understanding. My heart goes out to all of you.  Your fiance is not likely pregnant based on those negative tests, but those things can be very frightening. A late period can be due to stress. It is biologically possible (albeit, rare) to get pregnant if any rogue sperm somehow make it into the vagina at the time your partner is ovulating. Seminal fluid -- the clear fluid that will leak prior to ejaculation and during sexual stimulation -- can have viable sperm living in it from a prior ejaculation, so it is best not to have this type of genital to genital contact in the future, unless you are wearing a condom or if your fiance is not taking any form of birth control.  No, this would not be likely. Pregnancy tests check for HCG, a hormone that is chemically different than the Valium.  This is when your urine is most concentrated and likely to have more detectable HCG.  My advice is for you to see a gynecologist to determine why your menses is delayed. There are hormonal ways of correcting this problem.  Without the ability to examine you first hand, I would have no way of determing the reason for your symptoms, but I can tell you that there are many arteries in the abdominal cavity that "pulsates", as well as intestinal parestalsis (the rhythmic movement of the colon...not unlike a snake moving). If your doctor cannot find a reason, consider seeing a different medical provider for a "second opinion" or ask for an abdominal ultrasound.  The pregnancy tests are not likely to be wrong. If you are bleeding, it would be wise for you to see your medical provider or OB/GYN for an examination to determine the source and reason.  You will not get pregnant if your story is true and there was no unprotected sex.  Couples who use the pull-out method for birth control often become parents. This is not an effective contraceptive technique since viable sperm leaks out in semen before full ejaculation occurs. You need to start using condoms 100% of the time, or another form of birth control that is known to be more effective. With that said, yes, you do need to do a pregnancy test. If it is negative, repeat it again in a week or so. Tests taken too early in a pregnancy may be falsely negative. Being late for four days is usually not a big deal, but when you are not practicing an effective birth control method, this could end up being a big deal.  What KIND of birth control? If you are talking about the birth control PILL, then the answer is no. The birth control pill will not cause a false pregnancy test. A person can have a false pregnancy test anyway, but not because of the Pill. Pregnancy tests check for the presence of a hormone called HCG. The Pill does not have HCG.  I have no way of blindly determining if you are pregnant over the Internet, so I would suggest that you repeat the pregnancy test in a week to see if the results are more definitive, or call your medical provider to order a more-sensitive blood pregnancy test. Don't be too anxious. If you are pregnant, you will be pregnant for quite a while. If you are not pregnant, you should know in a few more weeks when the tests fail to show evidence of a pregnancy.  See your medical provider. Implanon should not interfere with a home pregnancy test, but this type of hormonal insert can cause certain symptoms (not sure what "pregnancy symptoms" you are experiencing, but a hard stomach is not one of the side effects. There are more accurate lab-ordered pregnancy tests since this appears to be a major concern. Your medical provider can order one of these tests, and of course, examine you if necessary.  Maybe....it depends on how early the pregnancy is. Ectopic pregnancies rear their ugly heads quite early and many women do not even know they are pregnant when the terrible pain begins. No pregnancy test will determine the location of the pregnancy (uterine or ecopic)...only an ultrasound can do that.  If you have been attempting pregnancy for three years and have not conceived, you and your partner need to see a fertility specialist to determine the reason(s) why you are having problems.  We have a saying in medicine: Gone is Good. Now that your pain has completely resolved, it is debatable whether a hands-on medical visit would reveal the true cause. It is really up to you whether to seek care or not.  Stress can cause irregular periods and longer bleeding than normal. So can hormonal fluctuations. It would probably be best to have a gynocologist check things, because it can also be a sign of trouble if it goes on for too long. At the very lest, make sure you are getting enough iron in your diet while you are losing the extra blood.  Might be some kind of hormonal imbalance. its still important to see your doctor just to make sure.  It may be normal for you, however, doctors have several medications now that will get you regulated. My daughter's doc put her on birth control pills to regulate hers.  Yes take a pregnancy strip test. also if comes negative, go to doctor - since irregular periods can be a symptom of PCOS  We had sex 3 days after my period in july, it started the 14th, ended the 17th,and we had sex on the 20th. He put on a condom but i didn't check to make sure it was on right  I don't think the condom fell, if it did he didn't tell me. I most certainly don't want to be pregnant. For the past week I've had really bad stomach cramps, I've been feeling nauseated, I'm burping like all day, I can't suck in my stomach, I've been constipated, I've been getting terrible migraines I've been really dizzy/hazy and it feels like something heavy is in my abdomen. I don't know if I'm just getting anxious or if it's another problem. I've taken 3 pregnancy tests, one on August 20, one on November 5th and another one on November 6th and they all came back negative  I can see where you are coming from, it does seem kind of early to tell. However, in this day and age - ya never know. The way I understand home pregnancy tests, they react to a hormone present in her urine. When I was testing for pregnancy with my children, the chemical reaction worked VERY QUICKLY. The times I have tested and the results were negative, it seemed to take forever. It does not necessarily take a month to make those hormones strong enough to show as positive, just as it does not take a month to become pregnant. Since this relationship must have just started as you seem to be saying that you have never had sex before this with each other and can't possibly be responsible for this pregnancy unless it happened on one of these dates, then you will have to trust your new found lover and wait it out with her. She is probably terrified. Be supportive. There are now noninvasive tests so you can both be sure of paternity later. She could probably use a good friend right now and you'll get more answers by showing kindness during this complicated time rather than slinging around phrases like "it ain't mine". Good Luck!  Hi! I'm no expert but I also chose the shot for my birth control and so have other members of my family. It was the same for all of us, our period was normal at first then eventually it went away as we kept taking the shot every 3 months. I quit taking the shot after 9 months and my period has returned.  It could be ovarian cysts like the ones I have, but you should consult with a gynecologist to rule out, or confirm this possibility.  you want to wait a few weeks after the time you became pregnant before testing. ( i have found the cheap at home tests work just as well as the expensive test.) You can try an at home test but the best way to find out is to go to the doctor and get a blood test. It is more accurate than any at home test. Also watch out for common symptoms... filling sick, throwing up, being more tired than usual, heartburn. Just to name a few. You can have all of these symptoms or none. But blood test is always best!  A faint positive is still a positive. It was that way with my oldest son. Since you are three months late, I would bet that you are pregnant. It is also common to have a little bleeding during sex when your pregnant. The best thing is to go to your doctor and get a pregnancy blood test. It will tell you for sure. If it is positive, they can give you instructions as to what to do. If it is negative they can figure out why your period is late. But you need to do it as soon as possible. Because if you are pregnant you need to get started on prenatal vitamins and get prenatal care! In my opinion, your going to be a mommy!  Yes you could. you need to take pregnancy test first, if you don't want to keep it, you can use birth control pill, it's MTP Kit. you can buy from chemist shop or online at PharmacySell dot com.  First call your doctor and make an appointment right away. I had bleeding my first month and I didn't know I was pregnant. While your waiting for appointment you could get another pregnacy test.If the test is negative it is very common for women to have a miscarriage on first try especially if having trouble conceiving. Also if you were on birth control it could take longer. It took me three and a half years after being on the pill for thirteen years. Also try not to stress usually most women are successful the second time with no issues. This all depends on your health and genetics. Good luck and my prayers are with you.  I was nursing my daughter at the time, so I THINK we went with the copper because of the hormones in the Mirana? I could be wrong. I'm guessing I am since my periods are irregular now. Thanks for your help!  Sounds like you could be pregnant. You should get blood drawn to test and know for sure. You can go to your local health department if you don't have insurance and they should be able to help you. There are also places like Save-A-Life that do free testing I believe, but I'm not sure if they do blood work. I think they can do an ultrasound though.  Side effects of a hormonal IUD can include: "The hormonal IUD can cause hormonal side effects similar to those caused by oral contraceptives , such as breast tenderness, mood swings, headaches , and acne . This is rare. When side effects do happen, they usually go away after the first few months." More here: http://www.webmd.com/sex/birth-control/intrauterine-device-iud-for-birth-control Those side effects seem similar to what you are describing. Please report any side effects to your doctor so you can discuss the next course of action that's right for you. Take care!  Waiting at least a week after a missed period may give you the most accurate result. Urine home pregnancy tests are about 97% accurate, depending on: How closely you follow instructions. When you ovulate in your cycle and how soon implantation occurs. How soon after pregnancy you take the test. You should know that waiting at least a week after a missed period may give you the most accurate result. Results may also be more accurate if you do the test first thing in the morning, when your urine is more concentrated. Urine home pregnancy tests are about 97% accurate. Blood tests are even more accurate than this. How accurate a home pregnancy test is depends upon: How closely you follow instructions When you ovulate in your cycle and how soon implantation occurs How soon after pregnancy you take the test The sensitivity of the pregnancy test.  Nope  I would try taking another test to see if it comes out negative.  okay, well the thing is i don't want to be put onto another birth control. i wanted to get taken off because it screws up my hormones and my fiance and i are trying for a baby. So i don't know if i should be worried about infertility or if this is just going to be my normal period cycle now. I tried asking for a doctor opinion but they didn't exactly give me one, other than it could be the simple fact that i took myself off the pill...  Is this your first time taking birth control, and did you have a period during the first month of your pills? When in your cycle did you have unprotected sex? If it wasn't in the first month (first pack) of your pills it seems unlikely that you are pregnant, since most pills provide contraceptive protection after the first month. If you jumped from one pill pack into another (ie. 'skipping') to avoid a period, this can play with your cycle a bit. I would contact a physician, but if you didn't have unprotected sex in the first three weeks of your first pill pack, pregnancy is unlikely.  Good news! The second day my period was much more normal and I (as far as I know) am not pregnant. My boobs are still quite swollen so I am just going to enjoy that for now.  Pregnancy tests can detect a baby very early now. What it does is detect HCG in the woman, which is a hormone that is present during pregnancy. It is rare for a pregnancy test to have false positives. A pregnancy test can have a false negative if the HCG hormone is not yet detectable.  Last time this happen to me I was pregnant ! Try a pregnancy test.  SOME PEOPLE NEED BLOOD TEST TO DETIRMINE PREGNANCY BECOUSE THEY ONLY GET FALSE NEGATIVE RESULTS DID YOU WAIT THE EXACT TIME TO READ THE TEST ITS VERY IMPORTANT TO I WOULD GET A BLOOD TEST DONE I HAD 2 TEST BE POSITIVE AT HOME AND 1 NEGATIVE AT A FREE WALK IN CLINIC [I KNEW I WAS PREGNANT [ MY GUTT FEELING] I MADE A APPT W MY DR THE TEST HE GAVE ME WAS TO BE READ AFTER 5 MIN AND IT DID NOT TURN POSSITVE EARLY AT ALL IT WAS AT 5 MIN EXACTLY THE PLUS SIGN SHOWED!! MY DR CALLED THE FREE CLINIC AND ADVISED THEM TO WAIT TO READ RESULTS AND TELL PATIENTS THE RESULTS AFTER THE RIGHT TIME HAS ELASPED. THEY TRIED TO GET ME TO START BIRTH CONTROL THAT DAY [DEPOE SHOT] WICH COULD OF CAUSED ISSUES WITH MY CHILD IT TOOK ME AND MY HUSBAND 13 YEARS TO GET PREGNANT WITH OUR GIRL I WAS 29 YEARS OLD AT THE TIME 13 YEARS AGO SO DONT TAKE THE RISK SEE THE DR.  I went just short of 6 months before without, talk to your dr. if you aren't having any symptoms of pregnancy.  The hormone that shows up on a pregnancy test drops drastically when having a miscarriage. That is how they figured out I was having one when I went to the doc, well that and the bleeding. I know low back pain is a sign. I think it is very possible that is what happened to you. Was this during a period or just randomly you started bleeding? If it was random, I would say yes, it was a miscarriage. If it happened during your regular monthly period time I would say no.  You really should go see your doctor. Do you have any abdominal pain? Maybe you have Endometriosis. Endometriosis can mess up your cycle, cause headaches and mess with your bowel movements. Since you already have two children, you would most likely know if you are pregnant. Were your other pregnancies like this? Best of luck.  Every woman is different so maybe your not producing enough hcG in your body to show positive on a test but you could still be pregnant. I would say go to your doctor and see if they can do a blood pregnancy test because with blood there is no "grey area". Good luck!  Not necessarily. Sometimes, especially in women who have normally light periods, your period can just not come for a month. It's pretty common for periods to be irregular sometimes. There were a few times in which I didn't get mine for at least 3 months. My doctor said it was normal, and I got birth control to regulate my periods.  From what I have read about how pregnancy tests work, it should not affect a pregnancy test. Tests look for hCG, a hormone present only if you are pregnant. Here is what I read: Pregnancy tests are designed to tell if your urine or blood contains a hormone called human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG). This hormone is produced right after a fertilized egg attaches to the wall of a woman's uterus. This usually happens -- but not always -- about six days after fertilization. If you're pregnant, levels of hCG continue to rise rapidly, doubling every two to three days. Here is the link: http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/pregnancy-tests Good luck!  Are you on a diet, lost weight recently, or under a lot of stress?  It's a common side effect of the depo shot to not get a period at all. You've been on it for awhile now so I wouldn't be too concerned unless you were late getting the last shot. When I was on the depo shot I HATED it! I had more pregnancy symptoms then when i was actually pregnant with both my sons.  Friday October 18. it goes by the first day of your last period.  Probably because you period can be late fore unanimous of reasons like stress, changing you activity's or or mother nature just want to make you miserable!!!!  In addition to what the other contributor said, it's possible that you are pregnant, and the hormone is not yet strong enough to show up on the test. I went through the same thing when I was pregnant with my second child. The HcG hormone wasn't strong enough to show up until I was already 4 or 5 weeks late. Another thing to consider is is you have always been irregular, then PCOS is a possibility, too. If I were you, I'd consult with an OB/Gyn soon. At least that way you can get some real answers and maybe some stress relief.  My pregnancy test showed up positive at 4 weeks with all 3 of my pregnancies. But everyone is different, it just depends on how much of the hcg hormone you have at the time you take the test.  Hi, I am a mother, but not a medical professional. Fair warning. What time of day did you take the test? The test is looking for progesterone. That is the hormone that your body secretes, and then disposes of in urine, that indicates you are pregnant and stop regular menstruation to allow for the pregnancy. Progesterone levels in urine are the highest first thing in the morning when you have had all night long for the urine to sit in your bladder and be inundated with the hormone. When I became pregnant, the tests I took in the middle of the night a MONTH into the pregnancy were showing negative results, while first relief in the morning was coming up positive. Consider trying a test first thing in the morning, and if that still doesn't come up positive, it doesn't mean you aren't pregnant, it's possible, and common actually, that you are just not excreting as much progesterone as the test requires to show a positive result. If you ARE pregnant, you're going to have to see a doctor anyway, so you can even skip this and just make an appointment. It will save you the money for the test and it will certainly calm your nerves if you are concerned.  It could be late from stress,tiredness and or anxiousness.... give it a few more days...good luck  Late period is not enough information. How late? Are you sexually active? Is your menstral cycle always regular with no late periods?  If you are worried, you could always see your doctor for a urine or blood pregnancy test that would tell you for absolute certain.  still very accurate  i had conception on november 11,2012   I was pregnant with my third daugther and was pregnant for 3 months. I don't know what to tell you. Go to the doctor.  view this product http://abeeainkg6kuev34mbz96bk281.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=KENYDIET  If you are saying 2 weeks since you possibly conceived then it may not be too early. Most women ovulate around day 14 of their cycle 2 weeks later would be when you should be starting your period. Early pregnancy test can sometimes read positive up to 6 days before your missed period. Test first thing in the morning, and if you get a negative the first time maybe try in another week if you feel you are pregnant. Remember that test are not 100% accurate.  Have you ever watched those shows of women that didn't know they were pregnant and they went into labor?I guess it is possible to not show any signs at 5 months.  yes. everyone is different though and you may have trouble getting pregnant at first.  Swelling or an internal bruise may be the cause for your pain and discomfort. May I ask... Have you missed your period lately?    I have not used Mirena but I did discuss it with my OBGYN she informed me that any type of birth control mixed with hormonal changes can sometimes show a false positive because tests are technologically advancing to a point where the slightest change can cause this. That said, she did warn me that any positive test is something to go to a doctor about just to make sure everything is ok. She said with pregnancy tests a double line is a double line and a doctor's visit should be the next step.  You can get a pregnancy blood test they are about 99% accurate. they tell you and they come back as urgent so you should get the results that same day. Yeah first response is good :) do you know if you were ovulating???  Their tests are better then yours and check more thoroughly then the pee stick , if you still arn't sure take another in a week, if your in a hurry go to another doctor and ask them to test you, maybe a blood test this time because they can show within days of conceiving  Stress levels cause menstruation to fluctuate so your best bet is to simply relax. The condom as you stated didn't have any holes and didn't break so as long as the guy put the condom on correctly you should be fine. My ex and I had sex in high school when we were 14 (6 years ago) with no birth control and no condom for the first 3 times. Let me say that it was incredibly dumb to do but we were both nervous awaiting her period and to scare the $hit out of us even more she had a skipped period but was never pregnant. Just relax!! your most likely panicking for no reason. Hope this helps  are you doing a home test or at a Dr office?  it could be stress. i miss a month because of the stress. sometimes if a woman is stress out they miss a month. the pregnancy test, could be wrong if you are pregnant. depending on what the brand of test it is it could read wrong.  a missed or late pms could also means your body and mind i stressed out. i was so stressed out a few times i missed a pms. other times it would last one or two days. and then stop. but a month later i would get my normal pms again. if it is negative, check your diet to see if you are drinking more fluids than usual that could cause some symptoms like frequent urination, also another good idea is take the HPT again  do you have normal period? (28 days ) sometimes i can be little late but the pms does comes. some women do have irregular pms or get pms later or earlier than 28 days. another thing: are you stressing out? some women like me do miss pms a month because of stress. if you havent had sex then you shouldnt worry, but if you did and the other two options is out of question, go ahead and take a HPT to relive yourself.  some home pregnancy test can be inaccurate. Also it can be late for the test to be positive. (take the test too late can cause the test to be negative because of the hormones) that how most home test or all home pregnancy test works by the pregnancy hormones.  Normally 9 days after a missed period, but usually wait around 2 weeks just to be sure (:  It's possible! I was 3 weeks late and tested negative, waited another week and tested positive!  it would never hurt to take more tests when it comes to pregnancy in order to be completely sure and have a more accurate answer  immediately  Over thinking it. Although pregnancy like symptoms can occur without actually being pregnant, they are rare. Kuddos to you for being prepared before having sex. Oh, and nausea might be caused by one of your medications, or even the birth control you're on. Headaches are often a result of anxiety.  First and sorry about this but anything is possible. Is it likely that you were knocked up by "fingering?" I highly doubt it. However, when it comes to sex it is always better to be safe rather than sorry. Use birth control and condoms. Not only will it give you the best chance to prevent unwanted pregnancy but it will also protect you against STD's. Don't rely on good faith of other people or if a man tells you he's going to put a condom on and don't ever fall for the "pull-out" method. Put the condom on for him. Make it playful and put it on with your mouth. This way you protect yourself without getting into an akward conversation when your about to do the nasty. And if you are super concerned still, use a vagianl spermicide. There is no reason that one can't use more than one birth control method. As for when is the earliest you can take a pregnancy test, well I've read up to 5-7 days before your next period. Personaly, I don't see how the hormone levels would be strong enough to detect, but hell it's worth the try and you can get it over the counter. Try it but my suggestion would be to follow it up with a pregnancy test if you miss your next period. Good luck!  contact your doctor as early as possible that there is no evidence of ectopic pregnancy.  You could be if you and your partner had sex, and if he came inside you. But you could always go get a blood test, depending on how long ago you had sex.  I wouldn't worry. While it is possible to get pregnant from pre-cum it is very unlikely. I would wait and see what happens. If you really are that worried then I would get a test from the dollar store instead of spending 20$ on one test that does the exact same thing as the 1$ one.  It's not likely but still possible. Some birth controles can take your periods away completely after a while, so that can be something to look into about your birth controle. You're best bet is to make an appointment with your docter though.  its a possible but wait 2weeks and try again  yes you can still take a pregnancy test the spotting could just be implantation blood which is very normal at the beginning of the pregnancy  Some times extreme weight loss, or exercise can throw a wrench in the flow, ya know? Call your doctor to make sure. ;)  Every woman is different. I have 2 children & with both pregnancies, I had a false negative on every test I did, even at the doctor's office, until I was about 3-4 months along. Some women's hormones react differently to the tests & will show a false positive or negative. I would go to your doctor & get tested there just to be sure.  A p-test can turn up negative if you are prego but will never come up positive if you are not prego. So you very well may be prego but your body might not be producing enough of whatever it is that tells the test yes you are. Try taking a test in a few more days or a week. It takes about 14 days after the egg is fertilized to show up on a test.  You can still have your period when pregnant normally they are lighter than normal I'd say you can take one now or wait till next month to see if you have your period or not if you do have it and its still light I'd go to the doctor and have them give you a test because if your not pregnant they will be able to tell you why your having light periods / and of course if you don't start that's a sign you should take one :) I hope I helped! Good luck!  if you have been sexually active and your period is late and pee sticks say no, there is a remote possibility of a etopic pregnancy which does'nt always show up in urine test. But can be very dangerous. see your ob if nothing happens soon.   I had my period November 10th but I didn't get it in December at all. and the Pregnancy test came back negative. Should I go and see my doctor or just wait to see if I get my period this month? please let me know. I am writing this for a friend of mine. thanks for the help.  I would wait to take a test until the actual day of your expected period then take one, if negitive take another the following week.  From what I've looked at, since you have had positive tests, I would say you are pregnant and should get a blood test taken at the Doctors. It is fairly common for false negatives if it's too early to test. The light bleeding could be implantation bleeding. Hope this helps.  Yes. You should still be tested just to be sure. A pregnancy should be detected asap.  There's always a chance everything can go wrong & you could be pregnant. However, you seem to have done everything you could to avoid it. Sore breasts can be from new contraceptive pills. Also, pill could change period cycles. I am on a progesterone only pill and haven't had a period since I started these pills about 9 or 10 years ago. I would ask a health care professional, or someone from Planned Parenthood. Try not to worry too much because it sounds like you did everything right. But I know how easy it is to become paranoid. I would try clearblue pregnancy test because they claim to be able to roughly date pregnancy, as well as predict it. But any brand name will work. Best wishes - I don't think you are pregnant.  stay relaxed is the number one thing you can do , i myself had my period for 4 months with my son . so its ok to have some bleeding many women do..... what would be cause for worry is if your bleeding alot and you have pain. slight pain may still be ok i dont rememebr for sure if i had pain with my period , sorry .. but i can say either way even if its normal bleeding it best to go to the doctor . congrats btw im ttc a baby as well . good luck and hope this helped  ive never taken the nuva ring but i believe its the same idea as the pill or patch it produces hormones that make you skip ovulation , so in short yes it could because your body gets a bit mixed up and has to get back on track , of course there always the question ...did you have unprotected sex , if so then depending on how long youve been of the ring you could very well be prego ... but if thats not the case id say dont worry give your body a month or 2 to get backto normal, on the other hand if you did have sex i would take a hpt to see if thats why your late, if your not and in a couple months things dont soom to even out and become normal again i would call my gyn and see what could be done to find out whats going on .... hope this helped :)  What was the outcome if you dont mind me asking  how long have you been off?? i was on birth control for 4 years and got of and got pregnant a week later.. just depends on how fast your body can get the medicine out of your system because you have been on it so long! hope this helps!!  I don't know. However, I do know that the concentration of your urine can cause a false negative. The best time time to take a urine pregnecy test is with your first urination of the morning.  So sorry for your loss. I believe you are asking about the numbers??.... The numbers you describe are the level of HCG in your body. The higher the number the farther along you are. Since you had a miscarriage, the numbers are going down....this is normal. Here is a table that physicans sometimes use. On left is how many weeks you are. On the right is the range of HCG (like the number you got) Gestational age THCG (weeks) (mIU/mL) range 0.2-1 5-50 1-2 50-500 2-3 100-5000 3-4 500-10000 4-5 1000-50000 5-6 10000-500000 6-8 15000-200000 8-12 10000-100000 Hope this helps!  I agree with the above advice, however I would also recommend going to a doctor and checking for any internal damage from your falls. I did cheer also and understand the risks and accidents that happen with the "sport". Make sure when you took your pregnancy tests that they were taken correctly, by this I mean that you waited the proper amount of time.  Yes! Especially having to go to the bathroom a lot. The sooner you know if you're pregnant the better.  Some bc cause the body to not have periods. I personally have been on every kind and never had a period while on it. I actually had to stop because it is unhealthy for your body to stop a natural process.  it may be your body trying to regulate its self, i would wait a week and than take another test, if that comes back negative and still no sign of your period i would see your doctor for a blood test.  My periods are very regular and not on meds!  You will have to wait til further along in the pregancy. Once you get an ultrasound, they will usually tell you exactly how far along you are. Then just go through the calendar and pick which one is responsible. If that doesn't work, get a paternity test after the baby is born.  No, but if you test positive you should consult your doctor immediately about discontinuing birth control.  yes but the longer you wait to see a dr the more likely you will lose this baby. I had a friend that did the same thing and she had to be put on bedrest for a couple mths to save her baby. When you started bleeding that may have been a miscarrage but it is possible it was not so please go have it checked out.  It is most likely just a side effect of Plan B. I would suggest seeing how long these symptoms may last on the instructions part of Plan B. If they last longer than they should take a test/ consult your doctor.  You could have ectopical pregnancy which means you're pregnant outside the uterus, maybe the tubes. Go see your ob/gyn so they will take a blood test to see what's going on.  well once you get off the bc you can get pregnant, although for some couples out there it does take a few months before actually getting pregnant. I would say try to check when your ovulating so you know when to have sex and you know when it would be more likely for you to get pregnant  If I were you, and it isn't a financial hardship, I would go to the doctor both to confirm whether you are pregnant or not, as well as to discuss what other possible caused could be. I know that stress or other life changes have affected me inthe past, but not for 3 weeks.  It is possible that you are, I know i am a little late answering this but you probably took the test too early  your period my be irregular. But the home pregnancy tests aren't always correct so you could take another test and if it is still negative, then just wait. if you have missed more than 2 weeks then go to the doctor  i feel cramp round my abdomatic  