I am not sure but if u r worried I would see ur doctor  yes that's what i like to know.  yes if period only lasted 3 days of those seven days.  me it took a month.  yes.  what makes you to not see a doctor after the second month of not having your period.  Coconut oil :-) moisture of the gods! touch each other all day, show affection with touching, cuddle lots and lots, give each other coconut oil loving rub downs and where it counts. eye contact. smile across rooms. act like you like each other. remember to acknowledge another, respect one another, and get your own acknowledgment, respect, fun and freedom fulfilled so you overflow when with your lover! and Coconut oil is natures lubricant.  WELL, I THINK MAY BE YOU SHOULD MAKE HIM DESIRE YOU, DON'T TRY SO HARD, BACK OFF AND LET HIM TAKE THE LEAD. TEASE HIM A LITTLE AND IF AT FIRST HE DOSSN'T RESPOND DON'T BEAT YOURSELF UP ABOUT IT THINGS LIKE THIS TAKE TIME, JUST REMEMBER WHAT TURNED HIS HEAD WHEN YOU GOT TOGATHER, THEN PUT THAT TO USE. GOOD LUCK AND GOD BLESS  Whereas there has been some controversy about whether "sexsomnia" is a separate disorder or a variation of a common sleep disorder known as an arousal parasomnia, there is no doubt that it does happen. During this the patient is typically in deep sleep and will perform sexual acts on a bed partner or him/herself. Of course these episodes are very distressing to both the patient and partner. ...The episodes happen during periods of sleep disruption. This might be due to stress, alcohol intake, irregular sleep schedule, a sleep disorder, etc. In each patient such inciting factors should be sought and corrected where possible. A sleep physician should be consulted to determine if there might be an underlying sleep disorder, such as sleep apnea, that might be causing sleep disruption leading to these episodes.  It could just be that you're ovulating. During Ovulation some women bleed it is heard that if you bleed during ovulation you're one of the most fertile. If it's only been for a few days I wouldn't worry too much but still take a test just in case. Although you did already have your period so you shouldn't be pregnant unless you had sex after your period. Just take a test I'm sure there's nothing to worry about.In case you're still worried though I'd recommend clear blue test it's easier to read.  OH! and btw don't stress as it prolongs your period.  I began masturbating as a small child. I didn't know anybody else did it, but decided it was wrong and kept trying to stop! Anyhow I did it lying on my stomach and it was many years before I read that doing it that way could be bad for one, but I don't remember why unless it was too much pressure on the penis. Eventually I learned that masturbation in general was not only not immoral depending on the circumstances, but it took me a long time to learn to do it lying on my back, but it was something I rarely did until after my wife died.  It depends, if you had unprotected sex.But if the intensity of orgasm was not much at that level, such that there is improper combination of sperms then there is not possibility of getting pregnant. ?<!-- br {mso-data-placement:same-cell;} -->http://www.nationalhealthreport.com/  Hello, sex is a kind of physical exercise, where you can burn a load of calories. Sex is to be done only with interest, it is painful but it is pleasure too. Explore the ways in which you are comfortable. http://www.nationalhealthreport.com  It sounds like you have genital herpes or warts. Have you had any flu like symptoms, too? Often times, people with gential herpes will get flu like symptoms upon their first outbreak. When someone with genital herpes has an outbreak sores will appear in their genital area, including around the anus. these sores will often cause extreme pain or discomfort especially when urinating. Next time the sores appear have a doctor test them for the STD, or you can get a blood test, which might offer a more difinitive answer.  No    If you have missed your period then you should take a home pregnancy test. Make sure to follow all of the directions on the box, or you could get false results.  I be leave you can I no because I have them and my do true told my mom I was  Cannot see the question due to your 3 articles & 1 video in a box directly on top of the questions  dear Nohard,but as far as I know yeast infection is heavy and tick and just like cheese...but my discharge is yellow and not tick...do you think that it is due to taking Yasmin??  Possibly.  It IS possible to have both at the same time but if you think you go ta yeast infestion from sex, is it possible that you may have an STD rather than a yeast infection? If the OTC meds don't take care of the problem in the number of days you are supposed to use it, I'd definitely get checked for an STD.  Sperm can live for 3 days. Ovualtion is not always on the 12th and 13th day of your cycle. In a perfect world everthing can be counted exact. I would suggest that you use birth control and never had unprotected sex to be safe.  The short answer is yes and no. Yes she can get pregnant from pre-cum and, no she cannot get pregnant the day or two after her period ends. The long answer is as follows:<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p> Using a condom and/or birth control will help keep your minds at ease and are likely your best method for not having an unwanted baby. Most health departments will offer both at little to no cost. If it is true that her period ended on Friday then it is highly unlikely that she will become pregnant, day after pill or not. Sperm can live for 24-72 hours in the female body. Most will die off en-route searching for an egg however it only takes one egg and one sperm. A woman's cycle works like this. Period starts and triggers a turn of events. The LH phase is the phase when her body is not fertile, typically 10-16 days from the day the period starts depending on her specific cycle. Then the fertile days come in to play. For about 4-5 days her body will be in a fertile state but typically it is the last two days of this particular cycle when she is most ready to get pregnant. Once this phase is over her body prepares to have another period to shed the lining that has built up to accept the pregnancy. I would suggest getting an app on her phone that tracks her cycle and her most fertile times of the month. Mostly because I don't see you two using a condom or birth control no matter how many people tell you that you should. At least this way you two will have a better understanding of where her body is at and when its at that point to try and keep from getting pregnant. It can take about three months to get the app lined up with her cycle to track the days with the most accuracy. Please keep in mind that this is for a woman with a 'normal' cycle however even with an abnormal cycle it is highly unlikely to get pregnant within a few days of ending a period. This information comes from personal experience with tracking my own cycle to achieve pregnancy which I have done successfully. Best of luck to you both!  NO  Greetings, if you have taken several Urine Tests and they've all come up negative, your HcG Levels might be too low to detect. A blood Test can give better results. Try going to your OB/GYN to have a blood Test done.  You should be tested every six months, especially for HIV/AIDS. The testing is or should be free at your local STD clinic. I wish you luck and congratulations on your Wedding.   The best way to determine if sex benefits MS patients may be to compare some of the early disease symptoms with the suspected benefits of enjoying a regular sexual life. The benefits are from anecdotal accountings; medical data compiled from sexual studies, and researched magazine articles. Some early symptoms of MS include the following: Fatigue , Tingling, pain or numbness, Problems with balance and walking, Changes in vision , depression/emotional changes, Impaired thinking/understanding , Poor muscle coordination, Sexual problems, Slurred speech and stuttering, Bladder and bowel problems . Some benefits of sex may include the following: Enhances cardiovascular health, relieves stress, strengthen pelvic floor muscles, improves skin health, relieve congestion, you may live longer, boost Immunity, reduce the risk of heart disease, improves Sleep, relieving pain (When making love, oxytocin increases when a woman gets aroused. This is how orgasm comes about. A steady rise in oxytocin actually helps in relieving pain and stress as well) , weight Loss, alleviates arthritis pain, sex fights aging & improves flexibility & lifts the mood, cuts risk of breast cancer & gives better bladder control, sex boosts energy , reduces constant headaches, and boost self-esteem. My Summary and my conclusions: Although sex may not be as easy to accomplish as it was before MS became part of your life, it is a positive treatment approach. I recommend discussing with your partner and you doctor any medical limitations and include sex as a regular part of your life. Sexual intimacy with another human being (even if it is just hugging, caressing, and kissing) promotes overall physical and emotional benefits .  The only guarantee to establishing paternity will be a paternity test. With that said, based on a , sex most likely occurred during the period February 22 - February 27. Your question was: Mine?  Get rid of the girlfriend and enjoy life with the one you committed to.  You should try taking another test. Even if it was a little bit you could still get pregnant  not likely but take a test in about 2 weeks  Do a paternity test of all possible men. It's the only way to be sure. And quit sleeping with so many men.  what are herpes sores  YES  It is possible that your symptoms could be related to stress over fear of pregnancy - which, due to the intensity of your anxiety, might evoke a stress reaction other less intense stimuli don't - but it is also possible that they are related to something completely unrelated. Stomach problems are rarely specific to any single illness or condition, so a visit to your regular doctor might be in order. He/she could tell you conclusively if you're pregnant or not (I'm going to take a guess, only a GUESS, that you're not), and point you in the right direction if anything still seems wrong. If the pain stops when you get to school, where you probably have plenty of things to distract you from it, it is not unlikely that the discomfort is mental to some degree, or at least minor enough to not be anything too serious. Keep in mind, there is a distinct possibility that your discomfort has absolutely nothing to do with your sexual experience, at least not directly; it might have been a coincidence that it happened to start around the same time, so it wouldn't be unreasonable for you to have linked the two in your mind.  Also can nipple stimulation create elevated HCG or somehow else throw off a pregnancy test for a positive result or negative result? Being sick? Any help would be nice.  Check with your OB/GYN. Almost everything is connected to Ovaries. I'd bet somehow when your "in the mood" there is something going on with the Ovaries.  Sometimes the more active we are during our periods the easier they become.    By GH, I mean Genital Herpes.  for some, there are no early symptoms until the missed period; for others, there can be breast tenderness, mild abdominal cramping (implantation), mild spotting of blood (implantation), mild to severe nausea, irritability, and some absent-mindedness  why dont try to have the dna for your assurance but you said you didnt do it inside and dint finish ,, i might say its not yours  WAIT!!! What the hell is wrong with you???! she's carrying YOUR CHILD! She's going through SO MUCH right now. Be by her side! YOU HAVE 2 HANDS, USE ONE OF THEM!  The best thing you should do is go to your doctor. For one - a urine or blood pregnancy test, two - any other tests or exams on both you & your partner, like fertilization, test on your bodys, see if you're healthy, normal crap like that and to see if there could be anything else wrong. Go see your doctor, they'll ask you questions and you should ask him/her questions that you want/need to know or anything youre concerned about, they'll give you the best answer honestly.  No you're most likely not pregnant. Green doesnt show up around your belly button when you're pregnant and it's not a sign, it couldve been something on your skin and it washed off. You shouldnt be worried. You should've took the pill Sunday around noon though.  All I am going to say is that you should not be having sex with anybody outside of your wife. Maybe that is divine intervention trying to let you know and could be the root of your problem.  Did you take pregnancy test if not then please first of all go for it. If you took and it is negative then you are having Amenorrhea in which a woman experience absence of periods for three to six months or longer. It happens due to imblance of body hormones estrogen and progeterone. Due to this hormonal imbalance a woman usually got disturb her normal pattern of periods. And another reason for it in women can be PCOS and Hypothyroidism. So, if you want to regulate your monthly cycle you need to go for HT (Hormonal Therapy) in which a woman need to go on birth control pills to balance the body hormones. These pills or contraceptive pills contains body hormones estrogen and progestrone and help to control irregular periods. And for this you can opt for Depo Provera, Ovral G, Nexplanon and Mirena etc. And you may get these medicines at your doorstep from online pharmacies like, Meds247online etc.  Go for a complete check up is she really infertile or not? If she is unable to conceive then she need to adapt Clomild or Clomiphene as it will stimulate your hormones which will help in ovulation. Clomid is usually used to treat infertility in women. It will help you to regulate your ovulation and stimulate the development of multiple eggs for use with assisted reproduction technology like IVF. It elevates a woman's FSH level to the normal. And after such things it make a woman fertile or able to give birth to a healthy child. So, you can really opt for Clomid and if you want to start it early, you may order it from online pharmacies like Meds247online to get at your doorstep.  Yes, u can be  QUIT BEING AN ASS AND WAIT FOR YOUR PREGNANT WIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Similar thing happening to me. We are trying and 1st day of last period was 2/23-Had sex entire week of 3/4 when supposedly ovulated on or before 3/8. 6-7 days later, I began cramping/bleeding bright red blood on 3/13 for past 4 days. More tired, hungrier, feel "different", slight pelvic pressure at some points, no breast tenderness or changes so far. All pregnancy tests (urine) have been negative. "Real period" supposed to be here in 1 week or so. Pregnant or not?!?!?!?  Chances are you are not pregnant but that is not always the case. It depends on when you tested. If you might have tested too early then it could come back negative. I would wait another week or so and re-test. If you are still not sure, you should contact your doctor and they could further assist you.  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  Yes, you can but there are some things you need to know first. First I will say it is called practicing "safer sex" when it comes to this disease. I had been with a man with Hep C and we had a very successful intimate relationship. Many years later and I do not have it. Unless you are in a monogamous relationship, and you know without a doubt, I suggest using condoms ( male and female ). Be sure neither of you have overly rough sex because tears cause bleeding and that is how, as you know, Hep C is transferred. I would also state, please, stay away from anal sex as the tissues in and around the anus are more subject to tearing easier than oral and traditional intercourse. If you are a woman, do not at any length have sexual contact during your menses. Should you decide to have oral sex, make sure your gums are not bleeding. Basically anything that can cause blood to be transferred to your partner during sex you do not want to participate in. Hope this helps.  Yes. No matter what anyone or experts say, IT IS ALWAYS POSSIBLE!!! My mother was told she could never have children, she had 7.  THIS IS MY ?. IN ANSWER TO THE MD. I GOT THE HERPES VIRUS WAY, BEFORE I MET HIM. RECENTLY WE BOTH BEEN TESTED NEG, AND NO OTHER DISEASES HAS REARED ITS UGLY HEAD, WE MAY NOT ALSO AGREE, BUT RUNNING TO SOMEONE IS NOT SOMETHING TO DO. STAY COMMITED IS WHAT IT ALL ABOUT. THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTEMPT @ ANSWERING MY ?  You have an infection seek physician ASAP  Just a normal result of growing up.   	 	 	 	P { margin-bottom: 0.08in; }A:link { } 	 	 	 	P { margin-bottom: 0.08in; }A:link { } Semen is not be a problem if he is disease free. However, that being said, swallowing semen is probably not as widespread as some would like you to think. I know that my wife doesn't like it and I don't force her to do it - that's nothing for her to be ashamed of. During oral sex, she swallows all the pre-ejaculate (clear fluid) with no problem. Occasionally when I kegel, a heavy burst of pre-ejaculate will flow out and sometimes she will have to back off a little to swallow it. But the few times she has attempted to swallow semen has resulted in gagging  there's just too much thick fluid being introduced into the back of the throat to handle at one time when the penis is inserted 2-3 inches or more - unless you're really prepared for it. I know when I'm about to come and - unless your husband has premature ejaculation issues, he does too. In 40 years of receiving oral sex, I have only slipped up and started to ejaculate in her mouth probably less than 5 times. I tell her when I'm ready to go, she pulls off and finishes me up with her hand. Practice makes perfect. If you have a problem with the pre-ejaculate, simply use a snug-fitting steel cock ring at the base of the penis to block the flow until such time as you think you're ready for it. I start with a cock ring occasionally for the extra engorgement sensation but I don't use it for the entire process because I am rather slow to come (40+ minutes) and the lack of blood flow through the penis for that period of time would be an issue for me. If your husband comes fast, he could probably wear it all the way through to orgasm and it will prevent semen from exiting the penis. Ejaculation while wearing the ring could possibly cause some pain for him though - I ejaculated while wearing one a couple times and it caused some pain in my testicles. He could try it in order to know for sure. The pain in not unbearable and it will go away. Additionally, remember that there is nothing dirty about oral sex between a man and his wife. There are various techniques and tricks that my wife performs on me that make the experience absolutely incredible. The term "Variety is the spice of life" can be applied to oral sex as well. Biting and sucking the penis, open-mouth breathing with penis inserted, licking the frenulum while sucking, going deep, then pulling off slowly allowing the penis to slip through your teeth, gripping the penis with your hand while sucking, rubbing his nipples while sucking, and holding ice cubes or a throat lozenge in your mouth while performing all make for a great experience for him. Even pulling off and allowing him to get a breather causes wild sensations when you start back up a few seconds later. Remember, simply sucking the penis will not always get the job done. See what he likes. Again, practice makes perfect.  0 percent chance  Though I may not be a health expert, I really doubt you can break your penis due to the fact that there is no bone located there (it is cartilage.), yes you can injure it while it's erect but I don't think the pain would remain a permanent thing.  HIV is very low transmission through oral sex - there have been several studies following partners where one person was positive and the other was negative. If they only engaged in oral sex, the risk to the HIV negative person was extremely low if not close to zero. So be assured that you are ok, but since you are sexually active, make sure you get follow up HIV tests at least yearly or more frequently if you are having vaginal or anal sex... ...HIV is not the only STD in town, and is much more difficult to catch than the other ones...so get checked for gonorrhea, herpes, syphilis and chlamydia while you are doing your yearly exam.  The typical fertile window is 3-5 days long and it is just before you ovulate. Ovulation typically occurs about 14 days before the next menstrual period starts. So in a 30 day cycle, ovulation should occur around day 16 and your fertile period is between cycle days 11-16. The fertile window is determined when the cervical mucous becomes more elastic and receptive to sperm. Some women notice that is is more slippery when they wipe during this time. Men need to ejaculate once within a week of the fertile window to increase the number of younger sperm that will be in the ejaculate during the fertile window and have intercourse at least once during the fertile window. The day the OPK turns positive is probably the last day of the fertile window so I would try a little earlier. Don't worry about the semen leaking out of the vagina. That is normal. Only about 10% of the sperm are expected to get into the cervical canal, which is a reservoir and will release sperm slowly for days after intercourse to ensure that sperm are present when the egg is released.  Ive been of BC for over 3 weeks now. ive never used a condom before bc of after bc. Ive been with person for more than 3 years.  This is only a comment regards question above. Again, I won't be able to read the answer to question asked due to advertisements at right of page. Any suggestions on solving problem with advertisement overlap?  Many people have questions about how to use lubricant for more comfortable, pleasurable sex. Here are some tips you might consider: 1. Choose the right lubricant for the right situation. Water-based lubricant and silicone-based lubricant are well suited for latex condoms (oil-based products, such as olive oil, oil-based lubricants or massage oil can cause latex condoms to tear). Silicone-based lubricants are better suited for sex play in the bath, shower or hot tub as water-based lubricants will wash away. 2. Apply the lubricant to your or your partner's fingertips for more careful application and less chance of spilling it onto the bed or floor. 3. Next, use your or your partner's fingers to apply the lubricant to the parts that need to 'fit together" well, such as around a woman's vaginal opening or on a man's penis. If you're using lubricant for sex toy play, consider applying some lubricant to the sex toy as well. 4. Water-based lubricant is easily absorbed into the body, so if sex goes on for some time, water-based lubricant may need to be re-applied. Small dabs of water can also help to re-activate the lubricant. ...  ... It is not normal to bleed for 2 weeks following anal sex. You may have experienced anal or rectal tearing, or other problems. If you try anal sex again in the future, consider using a lot of water-based lubricant, going slowly, and stopping if you experience any pain at all. ...  Some therapists refer to this as a temporary "ban on sex". It stems from the work of Masters and Johnson who developed Sensate Focus Exercises to help couples learn to reconnect through non-sexual touch, then sexual touch, and finally sex, with communication exercises and such all along the way. The "sex ban" is part of this. It can serve various purposes depending on the couple. For many people, the ban can be a way to relieve pressure. If he doesn't desire sex, then getting you both agree to 60 days without sex means that he doesn't have to worry about feeling guilty for avoiding sex or rejecting you and you don't have to worry about getting rejected if you were to try to initiate. It can also inspire you to find other ways to be affectionate or loving with each other. ...  Most women at the age of 50+ are too dry not too wet. Give it few years and the problem will go away. In the mean time, use what is necessary to keep the mess/wetness from soiling a great sex life. Enjoy the wetness while it lasts.  I was giving my wife clitoral stimulation and orgasms 2 weeks after our children were born. I waited 4 weeks before I stimulated her vagina with my fingers which increases the intensity of her orgasms. I didn't use any dildos or vibrators in her vagina or on her clit until 8 weeks after the births. She did just fine.  It is great if your wife/gf has masterbated in the past and has orgasms. Sometimes us guys need to listen to the women. Have her show you and tell you how she can achieve an orgasm. The underside of of the clit is the most sensitive area for most women. Soft but firm rubbing/massaging of this area has produced an orgasm in every woman I have tried it on. And yes, foreplay for women is very important. Take your time and enjoy the wonderful experience.  Being aroused is a great feeling for both men and women. Regardless how often the arousals may be, one needs to find what satisfies them. Sexual satisfaction is great in any form. There are a lot of options. You might even ask your husband if he has any ideas that he would be OK with him. You may be surprised.  I'm no expert but yes it is possible. even when breakouts are not apparent because there are body fluids from the genital area coming in contact with the mouth it is possible. Even more so when there is an outbreak even if its not full blown yet (you may just be itching).  everyone is different but that is how my wife got pregnant both times. That was her fertile time.  This happened to me a few days ago. Have your problems resolved? How long did it take if so? Can you get an erection now?  Oh thank you. But what if it doesn't come at all? I mean, what could be the problem? Does it mean I won't be able to get pregnant?  Oh thank you so much. I really appreciate this. I was worried, but I'm okay now. Thanks, once again. :)  You really should not have until your health care provider clears you to do so. There are a number of reasons why. First of all, having sex within a few weeks of a vaginal delivery could cause you to get a vaginal infection. Everything "down there" needs time to heal. This is especially true if you had an . If you had a c-section, your incision is still healing at 5 weeks. You need to let your body have time to heal and recover. Second, unless you want to get pregnant again right away, you need to be on some form of birth control. Contrary to popular belief, breastfeeding does not protect you against getting pregnant. If you're breastfeeding, you can't take estrogen-containing birth control pills, so you'll want to discuss birth control options with your health care provider to find one that's right for you. My best suggestion is to talk to your provider at your next visit to find out if it's OK for you to have sex, and what type of birth control (if desired) is best for you. Wishing you all the best!  Good question. It's hard to tell what might be going on without more information. For example, if you use any type of hormonal birth control (pill, intrauterine device), this can influence your cycle. Also, if your periods occasionally have been irregular in the past, this could just be part of the pattern for you. Even if your periods have been very regular, it's still not unusual for any healthy woman to experience some variance in her cycle. Are you by any chance athletic? Are you very lean (have low body fat)? Do you have an eating disorder that causes you to be very thin? Any of these things can cause you to stop having periods. If you're not having any other symptoms, such as fever, pelvic pain, or anything like that, then my suggestion would be to wait it out. If your period doesn't come after a couple of weeks, you can make an appointment with a gynecologist for a check-up just to make sure nothing abnormal is going on. Hope this helps!  The short answer is: No, it can't. If I understand your question correctly, you're asking if the drug methadone can be transmitted through bodily fluids from a person who has taken it to a person who has not taken it. This is not possible. In fact, it's not possible with any drug whatsoever. In other words, you can't get high from methadone or develop an addiction to methadone by having sex with someone who takes the medication. I hope that clears things up for you.  How long before you know if you've been infected with ? Possibly never. Many people, like your fiancee, have no idea they're infected with genital herpes. That's how it gets spread. And men, like yourself, often have few symptoms. If you do get symptoms, you'll likely notice small blisters on your penis or scrotum. These eventually will burst and crust over before disappearing. However, it's possibly you'll never notice them. Because you know your fiancee positively has herpes, you should see your doctor for a to determine whether or not you also have the virus. If you don't have the virus and don't want to contract it, then you should use a condom. It does not provide 100% protection against getting herpes, but it's a good start. To increase your chances of avoiding the virus, don't have sex when your fiancee is having an active outbreak of sores. I'm sorry to hear your fiancee just learned she has herpes. Just FYI, there is no cure for this yet. I wish you both the best!  I'm sorry to hear this. It obviously distresses you, and that alone warrants further investigation. You say you have "no medical problems," but have you had this confirmed by a gynecologist? The natural decline of hormones (both female and male) in a woman can cause a decline in sex drive. A gynecologist can determine if this is causing your decreased desire or not and provide treatment if necessary. If there's absolutely nothing wrong physically, then I'd suggest you consult a counselor. A psychotherapist who specializes in sexual issues may help you figure out why your sex drive has declined. Don't be embarrassed to seek this kind of help. A woman's sex drive is very complicated. A skilled therapist may be able to help you sort things out. You also might want to check out to connect with other women who are experiencing the same thing. Wishing you all the best!  This is an interesting question. Thanks for asking! It's impossible to give you a definitive answer without having more information. For example, when you say "brain pain," do you mean a headache? Is the person getting the headache a man or a woman? What is the age of the person? One possibility that immediately springs to mind is high blood pressure. During sex (especially during vigorous sex), blood pressure can rise. This rise in pressure can cause a temporary headache. The headache could begin during sexual intercourse or afterwards. If this happens frequently or if the person experiencing the headache is using a medication for erectile dysfunction (such as Viagra or Cialis), it would be wise to speak to your health care professional about the issue. Please don't be embarrassed to seek medical attention about this issue. Trust me, health care providers have the utmost respect for patients who are willing to be open and honest about their health needs. Take care!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. I hope it helps you to know that this is not an uncommon problem. The situation you're describing falls under the broad umbrella term " ." Many things can cause erectile dysfunction, from lack of sleep to medications to poor blood flow to the penis. It's not uncommon for erectile dysfunction to occur in men as they age. I suggest you see a health care provider about this. Please don't be embarrassed to consult a professional. As I said, erectile dysfunction is very common, and your health care provider will be able to figure out if some underlying condition is contributing to the problem or not. Also, your health care provider may be able to prescribe pills to help you keep and maintain an erection. Wishing you all the best!  Yes, this could be normal. If you have hemorrhoids, for example, inserting a toy into the rectum could cause a bit of bleeding. You could have small internal hemorrhoids and not even know it. As long as the bleeding is not severe and doesn't cause you pain or discomfort, you're probably not in any danger. You might try avoiding any over-the-counter NSAID pain relievers (aspirin, motrin, ibuprofen, naproxen) for a few days prior to having anal sex. Those products make a person bleed easier. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're feeling anxious about your and how it might affect your sexual performance. And I want to assure you your feelings are perfectly normal. I think all men go through a period of insecurity regarding their penis size. Society puts a lot of emphasis on this particular aspect of "masculinity," after all. I hasten to assure you that your penis probably is perfectly normal in size. But your best bet to completely set your mind at ease about the situation is to make an appointment with a urologist. He or she can examine you and tell you if everything's OK. Also, you may be surprised to learn that, medically speaking, penis size isn't measured based on the erect organ. Rather, penis size is measured by "stretched penis length." The article I linked above will give you a lot of information about average penis length, how to measure your penis, and when to see a doctor. I hope this helps set your mind at ease!  The best answer I can give you is: Ask your OB-GYN when it's safe for you to have sex again. You don't want to start too soon because the tissues of your vagina and cervix may have microscopic tears or injuries that could become infected if you engage in sex before you're fully healed. I'm not sure how long the healing process takes for the procedures you mention. It could be days or weeks. I'd say put a call in to your OB-GYN for a quick answer to your question, and then you'll know for sure. Best wishes!  That's an excellent question. You do want to take care during intercourse if you have significant curvature of the penis. Have you been evaluated by a health care provider for this? Some curvature of the penis during erection is normal. However, too much curvature can be a sign of , which is caused by scar tissue within the erectile tissue of the penis. Peyronie's is not caused by cancer, nor does it contribute to an increased risk of cancer. It also is not caused by a sexually transmitted disease. Whether or not you have Peyronie's disease, if you have significant curvature of the penis, you probably want to avoid very vigorous thrusting during sex. Not only could this be painful for you, it could be painful for your partner. It's probably a good idea, too, to become familiar with sexual positions that make insertion easier and don't cause the penis to bend mid-shaft. You don't want to experience a penile fracture. Don't be embarrassed to discuss this situation with your health care provider. He or she can give you specific information about what to do to avoid injuring your penis during intercourse.  The short answer is: Everyone should know his/her HIV status. You may have known your status prior to this episode of unprotected anal sex, but now your status may have changed. It would be in your best interest to get tested again. Because (which is what the HIV test is designed to detect), you may need to be tested several times over the next 12 months to be sure you didn't pick up the virus from your sex partner. I'd also suggest you have a conversation with your health care provider about whether or not you should take more aggressive measures than repeated screenings. He or she is in the best position to advise you. Above all else, please practice safe sex by using a condom. Unprotected anal sex isn't a wise idea, but remember it's also possible to transmit HIV through vaginal sex. Anyone who is sexually active should take responsibility for the safety of him/herself and his/her partner. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds like you're fed up, and I don't blame you! I'd suggest you have a talk with your gynecologist. Certain cause shorter, lighter periods (such as the vaginal ring). Even if you're not interested in birth control, per se (for instance, if you've had your tubes tied), using one of these types of birth control might solve your heavy periods problem. You might also join the conversation at to find out how other women have dealt with the problem of heavy periods. I hope you find a solution to this issue soon and wish you all the best!  Unfortunately, yes, the risk really is that big. Even if you're not having an active outbreak of cold sores, you're still infected with the , which causes the cold sores. This virus can be transmitted through any physical contact, including kissing. The problem with HSV I and genitalia is that increasing evidence shows HSV I can cause genital herpes. Both of these viruses are incurable, and your girlfriend is rightfully concerned about being infected with a lifelong case of genital herpes by your performing oral sex on her. I wish I could offer a good solution to your problem. The only safe way for you to perform oral sex on your girlfriend is with a barrier in place. You could look into the to see if it provides enough coverage for you to avoid skin-to-skin contact between your mouth and her genitalia (including the clitoris). Otherwise, your best bet is to avoid oral sex altogether. Remember, however, that oral sex is just one way to pleasure your partner. If the lack of oral sex is a deal-breaker for your girlfriend, then she's not the girl for you. Take care!  Good question. The answer is: Not necessarily. The isn't considered completely effective until it's been taken for a full month.Your health care provider should have explained this to you before you received your first package of pills. Since you had unprotected sex before the first month was up, you should call your health care provider to find out if you should continue taking the pills as directed. Taking birth control pills while pregnant is not a good idea. Your health care provider can advise you as to your best course of action. You also need to be aware that birth control pills only work to prevent pregnancy. They do not protect you against , so you still need to practice safe sex with a condom. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. A healthy sex life is good for your overall wellbeing. I'd suggest you first consult a gynecologist to make sure there's no physical issue that needs to be addressed. At the same time, you can discuss your lack of sex drive with your gynecologist to see if you would benefit from some counseling. Perhaps a psychotherapist can help you with any emotional issues that are blocking you from having a healthy sex drive. You might also head over to to talk over the situation with other women who have the same issue. Sometimes, just finding someone else going through the same thing can be helpful. Wishing you all the best!  Sorry you're going through this. You don't say how old you are, or how long you've had your period. So, let me give you some general feedback. If you're a teenager or recently started menstruating, this sort of fluctuation of your cycle is not uncommon. In fact, many women don't settle into a regular cycle until after puberty -- and some women never have a truly regular cycle. So, this on-and-off period may not be abnormal for you. If you're a post-pubescent woman whose cycle has been fairly regular in the past, then I'd suggest you get this checked out by a gynecologist. Many things can cause a woman's cycle to become disrupted, including eating disorders, being very athletic, and having a low percentage of body fat. However, there are other, more serious, conditions that can cause this period irregularity, too, and you'd want to get those ruled out by a medical professional. I hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're experiencing this. How frustrating! Being able to enjoy a normal sex life is a very important part of our overall health. So, your situation definitely merits further investigation. You didn't say whether you injured your upper or lower back, but since your sexual problems seem to correlate with the back injury, I'd suggest you ask your doctor to investigate whether you may have damaged any nerves in the lower back that relate to sexual arousal. This could be a possible cause for your symptoms. I do believe it's true that orgasms for both sexes become less strong as we get older and may take longer to achieve. But since you're getting right to the brink but can't get over the edge, I don't think aging is the issue here. I think you should see your doctor again. Wishing you all the best!  Yes, you certainly can. If, for example, your husband performed oral sex on a person with and then immediately performed oral sex on you, he certainly could transmit the virus to you. If your husband performed oral sex on someone with human papilloma virus ( ), he could possibly also transmit that to you. Even more serious STDs, such as HIV or syphilis, could be transmitted to you via your husband. Basically, if your husband's mouth area was wet with the vaginal secretions of another woman and he then rubbed these secretions on your vaginal area, you could get any bug contained in the other woman's vaginal secretions. If you husband washed his face and mouth area thoroughly after performing oral sex on an infected person, your chances of getting an STD go down but are not eliminated entirely. This is because some viruses (such as herpes) are very hard to "wash away." In fact, even if days or weeks had passed in between your husband performing oral sex on another woman and then performing oral sex on you, he still could transmit herpes because he may have become infected, himself. I wish I had better news for you. Practicing safe sex and refraining from multiple sex partners is always the best bet. Best to you!  In my opinion, everyone should know their status. Whether you've only had one partner or many partners, the safest bet is to get a simple HIV blood test so you know for sure you're HIV-free. The reason I say this is because HIV is not spread only through sex. Other risky behaviors, such as sharing needles to inject illicit drugs, can spread HIV. So can getting a tattoo or piercing with a dirty needle. So, don't be ashamed to get an HIV test. Then you'll know for sure and set your mind at ease. Take care!  I would suggest you consult your OB-GYN as soon as possible about this. There may be nothing at all wrong, but you do want someone to take a peek in there to make sure everything looks normal. An appointment with your OB-GYN also would be a good opportunity to discuss whether you should continue having , given this symptom. Wishing you and your baby all the best!  Good for you for practicing safe sex. Condoms are good not only for pregnancy prevention but for reducing the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases. You should be able to test within a day or two of your next missed period. In other words, you'll have to wait to see if your next scheduled period is late. If it is, you can test a day or two after it was due. Each home pregnancy test is different, so read the box to see when it says to test. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this and experiencing such anxiety. I'd suggest you make a phone call to get an appointment with a gynecologist as soon as possible to set your mind at ease. Many conditions can cause the symptoms you describe, from a vaginal yeast infection to a urinary tract infection to a sexually transmitted disease. The only way to diagnose this properly is through a physical exam by a medical professional. What you're describing does not sound like a medical emergency, so please do not run to the emergency room. Just get an appointment with your gynecologist or with a women's health center as soon as you can. Best wishes to you!  Sorry to hear about the breakup. That's always rough. Well, if the girl who performed oral sex on you did not have any active cold sores ( ), and you used a condom for the vaginal sex, then the risks of your getting an STD from this encounter are relatively low. The risk is never non-existent because a condom may not cover all skin areas that could contact an area infected with ), for example. But, in general, it sounds like your risk is pretty low. The only way to know for sure is to ask your partner if she has any known STDs. Awkward, right? But, you know, you could approach it from the standpoint of, hey, I know we were both a little drunk, and I just wanted to assure you I don't have any STDs that you might have picked up. She likely will respond kindly to your reaching out and may offer the same information in return. By the way, kudos for remembering the condom after drinking too much!  What you're describing sounds perfectly normal. During sex, all women go through an arousal stage where glands around the opening to the vagina secrete lubricating fluid. It sounds like you produce plenty of lubricating fluid, which helps make intercourse non-painful. If the discharge you describe only occurs during foreplay and not at other times, you shouldn't have anything to worry about. On the other hand, if you have vaginal discharge during the day, discharge that smells bad or is yellowish/greenish in color, discharge that looks like cottage cheese, or vaginal itching, then you should see a health care provider. Using a condom can help prevent pregnancy and the spread of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs). I suggest you see a health care provider who can give you all the details about contraception (birth control) and STDs.  Depending on the pill, it's generally recommended you be on the pill for a full month before you consider it completely effective. If you have any questions about this, consult your pharmacist. Remember that the pill only protects you against unwanted pregnancy. It does not protect you against sexually transmitted diseases. For this reason, it's still important to practice safe sex with a condom. Wishing you all the best!  I wouldn't worry about this too much. It doesn't sound abnormal to me. Different things "turn on" different people. Maybe oral sex just isn't your thing. You can choose to analyze this and possibly discover why receiving oral sex makes you feel tense, or you can choose to focus on engaging in sexual activities that give you pleasure. That's how it sizes up, to me. As long as you're not having other problems, you can be pretty confident the lack of orgasm during oral sex is merely an issue of personal preference. If you find this truly bothersome, I'd suggest seeking out a counselor or psychotherapist with experience in sexual dysfunction. He or she should be able to help you sort this out pretty quickly. All the best to you!  Unfortunately, it's not possible to say what's causing this without doing a physical exam and maybe some other testing. It could be as simple as a muscle cramp. Your best bet is to make an appointment with your primary healthcare provider to discuss the situation. Please don't be embarrassed. Medical professionals deal with cases like this all the time, and their only concern is to make a diagnosis and get you appropriate treatment if required. Hope this helps. Good luck to you!  It's definitely possible for a girl to get pregnant even if the guy uses a condom. One key piece of information here is: When did you put the condom on? If you inserted your penis in your girlfriend's vagina before putting on the condom, it's possible you impregnated her. That's because pre-ejaculatory fluid ("pre-cum") can contain sperm. If one of those sperm got loose and found an egg, it would make a baby. The only way to tell for sure if your girlfriend is pregnant is for her to take a home pregnancy test. I recommend she do this first thing in the morning, when her urine is the most concentrated. You are correct that stress also can cause a woman's period to be late --or to skip a month altogether. There are many reasons for a woman's cycle to become irregular. Pregnancy and stress are two of those reasons. By the way, I applaud you for practicing safe sex. Even if you believe you already know the correct way to use a condom, I suggest you look over this brief information about it from WebMD on . Correct use of a condom can increase its effectiveness. Wishing you all the best!  nope.  http://pregnancy.about.com/od/amipregnant/a/missedperiod.htm this should help out. but if I were you, I'd buy a pregnancy test. there's some at the dollar store for $1. They work.  Stop taking them and make an appointment with your doctor. My aunt had nonstop bleeding and didn't think anything of it..she almost died of "female" cancer. So, I'd get checked out if I were you unless you just recently got checked out.  Oh yes! Totally normal!! Hormonal changes always have effects on the libido. Especially during pregnancy, periods, AND menopause. So, go have fun! :D  yeast infection, for sure.  I climax after sex due to being stimulated differently by the relaxing of his body after his orgasm. I wouldn't call it a problem, unless you are totally unable to climax during sex as well.  Yeast infections can also come with discolored discharge and a foul odor. Bacterial infections can also cause this. Talk to your OB/GYN, they can take a urine culture and do an exam to make sure it isn't anything more serious than the mentioned above. They will give you antibiotics for yeast or bacterial infections. You don't have to have intercourse to get either. They can both be caused by many things. For examle: scented body washes, scented tampons, wiping back to front, and many other things. Hope this helps!!!  It could be bacterial vaginosis which is not sexually transmitted.  No.  It sounds like you're afraid of what the public may think of you so you hide from the world around you. In your world you're safe, nothing can hurt you, nothing bad can happen to you. You feel free from the pressures of reality to do as you please with no judgement. It's okay to talk to yourself. It's okay to do everything you're doing. But there comes a point when it becomes too much, Depression is a serious thing, you need to get treated for it and maybe get on some medication before the depression completely takes over your life. In the meantime, try to boost your self-esteem somehow. Get all dressed up and go to a party, go to a coffee shop, go to the library, just try to get out of the dorm room and do something. Not for anyone else, but for you. As for the making up a boyfriend in your world, that is okay too. It's perfectly normal to masturbate to a fantasy, but where do you draw the line? If a guy asks you out do you turn him down BECAUSE your fantasy is good? You're 18 and in college, try to live a little and have fun. I know college is very hard and extremely demanding, but if you don't make time for you then you're going to get overwhelmed and severely depressed, more so than you already are.  I am sure that gonorrhea could be transferred through kissing IF the girl had given oral sex to another man. I would be depressed and puzzled too! Good luck.  you are blessed in that area to me that is a good thing if you were my wife I would be so happy .  Hi there! Well, I lost my sex drive after being a very, very "active" twenty and thirty-something. At age 37.5 my monthly cycle came to a halt - menopause began. After a couple of years my once crazy and alive sex drive just stopped. No more desire, period. I tried to bring back my desire; I thought it was in my head and I could change it - I could not. About a year now I learned about bio identical hormone replacement therapy - HRT. I started it and WOW. It took some time for my Doctor to balance me and my body to adjust. I'm 44 and my sex drive is on fire :-) Yay!! My husband is so happy because for a few years I just turned him down - I had no drive and no interest. I feel young again!! I know I am having the best sex of my life with my soul mate! We have been married 18 years, will be out 19th in February 2015! Do not fear HRT anymore. No side effects and I feel great. Do your research :-)  no  It is safe to have intercourse with your husband while he is taking Cytoxan, which is a chemotherapy agent. This medication works by slowing or stopping cell growth. However, since this drug can be absorbed through the skin, women who are pregnant or who may become pregnant should not handle or break the tablets of this medication. So you should be cautious if and when you are handling your husbands prescription bottle or tablets.  You are 99.9% sure to get pregnant as soon as he comes inside of you if you didn't use a condom. And your supposed to wait 6 weeks at least before intercourse to prevent problems with healing.Ask a doctor  To soon to tell. Wait a week before your period is due and take a test.  Just to clarify on the user who suggested drinking cranberry juice and taking cranberry supplements. I was just at the doctor with an uti and I told him I was drinking lots of cranberry juice to get rid of the infection. He told me that cranberry juice will help in preventing an uti but will not help get rid of one and the best thing to drink is lots of water at least one an hour. And of course, take the antibiotics prescribed. My suggestion is as soon as you feel like you have a uti get to the doctors and get antibiotics before the pain increases. And drink lots of water and use a heating pad.  For the uti problem, my doctor suggested drinking cranberry juice to prevent them not cure them. So try drinking more cranberry juice and of course water.  One thing to examine is the chemical attraction. Is this still at pretty much the same levels as when this relationship started or has it deteriorated too? New post marriage annoying personality, physical, and/or behavioral discoveries could impact chemical attraction and lead to difficiencies in otherwise perfectly normal individuals. You may want to, in addition to testing your T levels, re-assess that side of the relationship.  Hello! There is a slim chance you could be pregnant. However; I don't believe that you are. Not unless the condom ( I'm assuming that is what you used?) broke, tore, or was defective in some way. Which you'd probably notice upon disposal. I think that you are late and now that your stressing about a maybe baby your period is being delayed more so. So lady I say relax! Grab yourself a glass of wine, a hot bath and good book and try not to think about it. I know it "sounds" easier said than done. But worrying isn't going to help you. Believe me honey I have been where you are a few times... up until finally getting my period on the very last day of the month or on the first of the next!! I wouldn't re- take another test until you haven't received a period by the next month. If it still comes up negative make yourself a doctors appointment if nothing else hearing that your not pregnant from a license doctor along with figuring out whats up with your wonky menstrual cycle will put you at ease.  Masturbation is not a necessity and if a person does not want to engage in the practice, there is no reason that he should; however, if he opts not to masturbate and it is not due to reasons such as religious beliefs, being too busy, enjoys exerting willpower, etc., he may want to consider consulting with a doctor in case he has a low libido and might want to take steps to address that issue. On a separate note, all men should keep an eye on their penis health; using a top notch penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) can help. A good bet is a cream that includes L-arginine, which can help with penis blood flow issues.  Most likely the birth Control will prevent you from becoming pregnant. I would, however, not suggest any drinking for the next couple weeks. Take a pregnancy test in a couple weeks after your body would have sufficient time to fertilize. I wouldn't worry much. However, even with you being on birth control, I would suggest still using a condom just to be safe.  Porn is only a problem when it consumes your mind. Your conscious mind can only focus on one task at a time, so if your mind is thinking about someone else's sexual experience when you are having intercourse you will not be able to manage your own arousal levels. This lack of correct focus can make one man lose his erection and another man ejaculate early.  5 times a week  After a heart attack, some men and women fear that any type of sexual activity will provoke another one. People feel that if they've had a heart attack, it's not a good idea to stress their bodies with sexual activity. But fewer than 1% of heart attacks are precipitated that way. It makes sense to think of sex as a form of exercise: If your doctor clears you for physical activity, you're also likely safe for sex.  They may do that indirectly. When heart patients worry about sexual function, a lot of their concerns are related to confidence and fear. After a heart attack, they feel that if they try to go for a run, they'll drop dead. Cardiac rehab, through structure and supervised exercise programs, teaches people that it's OK for them to exercise, it's OK for them to exert themselves and to get back in the game. I think once they have that confidence, they can go out and use it, whether it's on the treadmill or in the bedroom.  Similar to any type of exercise, if you begin to feel symptoms such as chest pain, shortness of breath, fatigue, dizziness, or palpitations, it definitely makes sense to slow down what you're doing, whether you're a man or woman. If you're pretty certain it's angina, which is temporary pain or pressure in the chest when the heart doesn't get enough oxygen, it might help to take your nitroglycerin. The exception to that advice is for men who use medication for erectile dysfunction -- it's dangerous to take nitroglycerin, too. Your blood pressure can fall to dangerously low levels, and there's an increased risk of heart attack and even death. If you're on an erectile dysfunction drug and have heart-related symptoms during sex, call your doctor.  Yes. It shows that you're capable of doing physical activity in which your heart rate and blood pressure go up. In a sense, you're doing a stress test on your heart. If you tolerate that well and you feel good doing it, it suggests good things about your overall level of fitness and therefore your risk of heart disease. Sex can also be a sign of healthy relationships and social supports -- it shows you have the opportunities, frankly, and that you're interested and engaged. I think sex is a barometer for overall health.  Having heard about all the possible causes of bleeding after sex one would think that a culprit could be found to explain the bleeding. I was surprised to learn that, in three separate studies, about 50% of women evaluated showed no obvious reason for the bleeding! In each of these three studies, women received thorough evaluations including colposcopies. However, given the multiple causes of bleeding after sex, one should go see a gynecologist if the spotting persists or is recurrent. When all the possible causes have been ruled out, then you might be one of the 50% where there is no pathological reason for the bleeding. Until a work up has been done, I would suggest that bleeding after sex is not a symptom to be ignored.  The risk of pregnancy in using routine antibiotics and birth control pills (BCPs) is very low. In fact, antifungals (e.g., ketoconazole) or macrolide antibiotics (e.g., erythromycin, azythromycin, Biaxin) actually increased blood levels of estradiol--not decrease them. Being late taking some BCPs can also increase [the] risk of pregnancy, but the risk is not large unless you entirely miss for two to three days. Unprotected sex on active pills does not increase risk unless you had just completely missed several days of active pills. ...I would urge you to do a reliable pregnancy test... For the most accurate answer you can do one test on the first day of your next pack. ...  Yes, it is fine to have sex during the spotting episodes, unless it makes the pain/cramping worse. If the spotting only occurs midcycle then one would wonder if it was peri-ovulatory spotting due to the abrupt estrogen spike and decline at that time. If the spotting becomes more prevalent, or the pain more marked, you should return to your GYN for follow up.  In the largest review, including some 38 studies, the incidence of postcoital bleeding was reported to be around 5-6 %. Where information was available for specific gynecological problems, women with HIV had incidences ranging from 5-32% and women with pelvic prolapse had a 3% incidence  Yes, it is possible. Urologists seem to believe that it is linked to genuine stress incontinence rather than the urge type of urinary incontinence. If the amount of loss is not large or does not seem to be urine, your may be having the controversial diagnosis of "female ejaculation". Apparent female ejaculation has been long debated in the medical and sex therapy literature. There is an anatomic area analogous to the male prostate which is located behind the anterior vaginal wall (ie area reputed to be the female "G spot"). This is supposed to be the source of some type of fluid which is ejected. ... ...Given that your leakage is continuous it may well be urine. I would urge you see a urologist for a more "for sure" diagnosis.  Generally if there is sufficient lubrication and gentleness bleeding is not a problem. There is a sexual practice called "fisting;" also some very large objects have been removed from the rectum by ER doctors. Thus, if the anal opening can relax enough (or be lax enough) there is less chance for bleeding from trauma. However, if the recipient has an internal hemorrhoid (very common) or rectal polyps bleeding can be possible. These are common sources of bright red blood on the stool--especially a hard stool. Small anal fissures in the tissue can also prompt bleeding, but this is often less overt blood than internal hemorrhoids or polyps. Bottom line, the duration of bleeding depends upon the actual source. If you continue to have problems, PLEASE see your GYN or clinic. There is a short, clear plastic device that a GYN can use to look for internal hemorrhoids or polyps just inside the anus. It is totally OK to talk about your symptoms and sexual practices with the GYN. We have seen and heard about just about everything in terms of sexual practices.  Current Home Pregnancy Tests (HPTs) are advertised to be sensitive on the first day of a missed periodor perhaps a few days before. In the most recent review of accuracy of HPTs, published in August of 2011, such claims were tested. One brand, First Response, detected 97% of pregnancies on the first day of a missed period. The EPT manual (54%) and digital (67%); and the Clear Blue manual (64%) and digital (54%) tests all detected fewer actual pregnancies. These results may reflect that the First Response could detect as little as 5.5 mIU/ml of hCG in the urine while, the other two brands could detect 22 mIU/ml. Generally speaking, a reliable pregnancy test in a doctors office should be able to detect a level of 22 units of hCG or higher. Remember, it takes an implantation to produce hCG to trigger a test. In a study where day of implantation was documented with a sensitive blood test, it was determined that 10% of viable pregnancies were not yet implanted by the first day of the missed period! Having read all this you can now understand why a GYN may recommend using a HPT twice, if the first instance is at the time of missed flow. About 97% of viable pregnancies will have implanted by seven days after the first day of missed menses. Taking a second reading can also enhance accuracy where your HPT is not one of the super-sensitive brands.  Highly unlikely  I am obviously not a doctor, but I know from personal experience that you can. That's how I got my 8 year old son. My doctor contributed it to either being a week late getting my second round or because something in the medication regulated hormones in my body. It is always good even on birth control so have a secondary type of birth control like a condom or even the P.O.M. Nothing is ever 100%  That is the best time to try to have a baby 2 weeks before you period comes you ovulate . There is a discharge from your vagina, it is clear and slimy and, you sometimes have pain like cramping when you ovulate. If you WANT to get pregnant this is the best time.  Throat cancer can be caused by the human papilloma virus (HPV)  Your question isn't clear. How far along with what?  Most definitely. In a "normal" menstrual cycle of 28 days, ovulation is when the egg is released from the ovary around the 14th day. Your most fertile days are a few days before and after ovulation, as sperm can live for about 5 days, but the egg less than 2 days.  Not likely but it depends a lot on if you have a "regular" menstrual cycle. In a 28 day cycle, you'd ovulate around day 14, and the days you could get pregnant would range from approximately days 11 to 16. His sperm can live for up to 5 days in your body, so sex from 3 days before until 2 days after the egg is released, could result in pregnancy. In your case the egg was long dead when you were possibly exposed to his sperm, and the next one won't be around for a while yet.  Leftover sperm from where? Did he already had sex recently before this? It is after you start to have sex that he gets turned on and produces the pre-ejaculate fluid which can actually have enough sperm to make you pregnant. Then as he continues, a bigger quantity of liquid finally squirts out as he climaxes at the end. So yes you could have gotten pregnant from that risky act.  Some women need to be very careful during the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. Spotting could be a sign of miscarriage.  I don't think so. June 4th is only 9 days after May 26th and tests are normally more accurate sometime between 14 and 21 days after. If it is showing positive now, the deed was done between May 14th and 21st. It would be good to also know the date of her LMP and the date she was expecting the next period.  Why do you say you were fertile from May 4th to 10th? In a "normal" 28 day cycle you would've ovulated on May 9th and the egg lives less than a day. A man's sperm can live up to 5 days, so counting back from the 9th makes it unlikely that sex with your ex on the 2nd could have made you pregnant. 8 days before ovulation is too long, therefore the new guy is the more likely candidate. You seem to be on a dangerous course with your sex life. What does the word ex mean to you? How come you're still having sex with him if he's your ex? Why would you be having sex with two different men in three days?  Two weeks before her due date is her most fertile time.  IF you have a "normal" 28 day cycle, ovulation would be around Day 14. Your most fertile days would be Days 10 to 17. Three weeks before your period was due would be Day 7 which would be a bit too early as sperm live a maximum of 5 days. They'd probably be dead before you ovulated.  It's certainly not normal, and not morally right either.  In a 28 day cycle, ovulation likely takes place around day 14. Pregnancy can result from intercourse 4 days before to 3 days after ovulation, which would be days 10 to 17. So yes, that activity on day 12 could lead to pregnancy but I'd be surprised at the symptoms showing so quickly.  It is intended to increase arousal but everyone is different. He should be careful, and sensitive to what you're actually feeling.  Which virus are you speaking of. The HIV virus for example, is spread through body fluids. Her additional bloody fluids could certainly increase the chances of your infection passing to her. Therefore your suggestion is NOT a good idea.  If you think you are pregnant, that's the date the doctor will measure from. Your baby's development is counted from the day the egg was released, not the day you had sex. That is a total of 38 weeks pregnancy, but it is customary to measure from the beginning of the cycle which is approximately 2 weeks before ovulation in a "normal" cycle, making it 40 weeks beginning to end.  Why do you think you're 11 weeks pregnant? The doctor calculates pregnancy dates based on information you give, so perhaps you stated an incorrect date in your interview. The last day of March was 15 weeks before the date you asked this question. That would actually make you nearer to 17 weeks pregnant as the date used is the first day of your last menstrual period, rather than the actual day you have sex. An egg is usually available for fertilization approximately 2 weeks after your last period began, in a woman with a "normal" 28 day cycle.  IF you have a fairly regular 28 day cycle, a period due on 25th of May would indicate ovulation was expected to be around 11th of May. The 4th of May is 7 days before that, but sperm only live about 4 days, (at most 5 days) while swimming around searching for the egg.  Perhaps you need to use a water-based lubricant as well.  Those aren't relevant symptoms, and 11 days is too soon for a diagnosis of that condition.  If your stress has not caused medical problems (such as hypertension, etc. which you would need to seek medical treatment first), my advice would be to try yoga or some form of exercise. Secondly, try a therapist who can get to the root of your stress. It is always comforting to bounce things to a therapist who is non-partisan and can offer suggestions on how to deal with your stress. Sometimes, it is just changing our perceptions.  Usually when masturbating the only side effect is stomach cramp  It is unusual for a man of 19 not to feel sexual pleasure or to have wet dreams, if indeed he has not. Is it possible that he may have some anxiety issues related to sex? This would be the most obvious explanation; it would be a good idea for him to talk to a professional about this.  If by "outbreak" you mean a herpes outbreak, then you should not have unprotected sex, ever. Herpes is always contagious, even if there are no visible sores.  I have a similar issue. How did/is your problem developing? Have you regained the ability to achieve an erection?  Upto and untill now i think you never experienced a best sex. Sex is worship, find the ways to make it mind blowing, tell your partener about your likes and dislikes, know your body firstly, without knowing your body self you cant experience a better sex, as the time passes you will find it exciting and fun loving. http://www.femaleorgasm.md/  You said you weren't taking it correctly. Are you saying that you just started taking it correctly as in every day? It takes a few cycles for the body to get used to it. It isn't used to all of the hormones being put into it by you taking your pill every day.  I've always heard to give a cycle in between stopping the pill and trying. The medicine was most likely not out of your system today, but it could be possible!  Herpes is spread through contact of any kind to the affected area. If a blister ruptures and it touches not only another person, but other part of your body, you will spread it  you get prego the moment the sperm fertilizes the egg but it takes two weeks to show on a preganacy test according to my doctor. she may only be late.  I dont think you can fix that. Now, to the other answer, yes you can break your penis. Its when you rip the muscle. It may not be a bone but you can "break" your penis. Ive heard a doctor tell a patient that. its real hard to though.  Many men face some dribbling at different levels after prostate surgery. Using condoms can be helpful for two reasons. It may help prolong erections as well as catch any unwanted leakage. Some men find doing the Kegal exercises helpful. These are the muscles you use to stop your stream during urination. Squeeze and hold these muscles ten times to make a set. Perform one set three times a day at least 4 times a week. This may help reduce some of the leakage. It will take several weeks to strengthen these muscles. If your symptoms do not improve or you are not satisfied using the condoms there are some alternatives that an urologist may be able to offer.  1. Condoms - don't forget they can come in flavors 2. You can cut a condom open and use it as a covering for oral sex with a female. 3. Plastic wrap found at your local grocery store can be used. It may help reduce risk as well.  By your history, your symptoms fit a diagnosis of a Vaginal Yeast Infection perfectly! This can be caused by change in detergent, soaps or even the material of your underwear. This is something that must be treated and only gets worse with time. If you have recently taking antibiotics, they can also cause this. Talk with your Mother cause my guess is she has experienced this herself.  Possibly just a small blood vessel that popped . As long as the bleeding was minimal and a one time thing you should be fine. Next time you visit your Gyno. be sure to tell him/her about it .  Women can still have a small , lite" Period" after conception . The main thing to look for is clumping or clotting . If either of these occur you are not pregnant. There are now pregnancy tests that can now tell you if you have conceived before your next period is due. Best to invest in a few of these as well as ovulation predictor kits . Good luck !  You have to be careful, even if he did pull out there is still a chance of pre cum. I would invest in condoms or day after pills. If your worried your prego then I would go to a doctor.  yes.  I have no idea as I have never done anal but if you do not feel right since this in counter you should go to the docs just to be on the safe side  It probably is a yeast infection, but you need to tell your mom so she can get you medical attention. She is a woman, so she will understand.  First, you should know that there is no way that I can tell you for sure who the father of your baby is. But, medically, you should know that those people are wrong. It is completely possible for you to be impregnated during your period. Your period works on a simple cycle: your womb builds up a blood-like lining on the walls of itself that is both cushioning and nutrient-rich; then, your ovaries release an egg that waits to be fertilized for a few days or hours, depending on the woman (ovulation); then, when the egg is not fertilized OR the body does not perceive the fertilization, the lining falls away and is your period. This last part can happen while you are ovulating or actually after. Every woman is different. But MOST women have 1 week of lining build-up, 1 week of ovulation, 1 week of waiting, then 1 week of period, approximately. The only way to know is to have a paternal test done with either a home kit or by a doctor. After the baby is born, if your cycle bothers you that much, you can have tests done to determine if you ovulate before, during, or after your period.  If there's nothing to become impregnated with, then no you cannot get pregnant. Just make sure you are as aware of what is really happening in the moment, so you know what's happening. Another option of course is to use birth control or have it available, in case.   Dude, I hear you  but ya gotta use them. They're way too important not to. So here, try this  use polyurethane condoms and see if that makes a difference. Also, m ake sure you use something like Man1 Man Oil; I use it and it keeps my tool itch-free, which is kinda amazing considering how my tool used to be.  Of course! It depends on your partners as well.. But definitely get tested just in case!  You can get a pregnancy test with a 99-plus percent accuracy rate online for less than $10. Why not just buy one and find out for sure? I paid less than $9 total for mine from a site called http://www.eganmedical.com/  your not suppsed to get pregnant with an IUD from what i know  Its fallin off buddy  Very much so! You can be pregnant and still have your period. I did for the first 4 months. I'd no idea I was pregnant until I went to my doctors for feeling run down and bloated and I'm a doctor!! When my doctor told me I was pregnant I was so surprised I said, like a dope, wow, I wonder how that happened? He gave me a look which made me feel about 2" high! I thought I had the flu and here he tells me I have the 9 month flu! Should have seen my husbands face as we had needed fertility medication to get our first child and now God just blessed us with one and we were through the first trimester without all that worry too so some things can be a blessing in the long run. I'm sure you've read about women who actually deliver and never knew they were pregnant (or at least that's what they say, I've had 4 sons and I've no idea how you could not know you are pregnant once the little one starts tap dancing on your insides! Mine wouldn't even let me read in bed. I would prop the book on my stomach as I really had nowhere else to prop it and holding it in mid air that high would have made my arms ache but as soon as the baby felt the book on my abdomen he would kick at it, bounce his feet off it and try to get it off of my stomach by any way possible. It really was funny but after a while a little annoying too! Be Well, Aylagh MacAnnadh, M.D.  If you have been regular about taking the pill, and have been on it for some time, you shouldn't need to be worried. No birth control is 100%, but missing a day shouldn't typically be a cause for concern.  As little as 3-5 weeks  It would depend on where in your cycle you are when you start the pills. If you start on day one of your cycle, which is the first day of menstruation, you are protected from pregnancy immediately. If you start on the first Sunday after your period starts, you should use a backup method of contraception for seven days. After the first seven days, you are protected from pregnancy.  While Uroxatral can have sexual side effects -- like decreasing your ability to achieve an erection -- there are no special instructions to avoid sex while taking Uroxatral. You should check with your doctor if you have been told to avoid sexual activity for some reason.  If she is on her period it is not very likely.. there is really only one week of each month you can get pregnant, when you ovulate and that is about 2 weeks before your period usually.  I want to discuss strategies for trying to enjoy sex and intimacy more despite FM. ... Many tell me the effect of FM on sex is the biggest problem in a relationship. Call me old-fashioned, but if your partner is willing to be open-minded and adapt to the "FM you," I think love gets stronger and conquers all. ... Open Communication: This is the most important. Often couples are not comfortable, at first, having converstions about sex. Some find it embarrassing to speak freely. Perhaps a good starting point is connecting on the FM. Discuss FM and how it specifically interferes with your intimacy. Reaffirm that avoiding sex does not equal rejecting the partner. Progress the communication gradually and become more open in sharing each other's most intimate concerns and needs. Specific Solutions: Identify specfic barriers to your unique situation, and solve them if you can. If your main barrier is lack of libido/interest, then determine if it's from fear of pain, fatigue, depression, medicine side effects, disinterest in your partner, etc. Don't just assume it's the "fibro" and nothing can be done. Your specific barrier "list" can be treated, step by step, by adjusting/changing meds, modifying routines etc. to remove libido-lowering factors. Work with your health professionals, of course. Many times the process of simply recognizing the barriers and planning to address them results in a positive effect (placebo) and improves sexual mood. If pain during intercourse is a problem, try to ID the specific cause. ... Is it painful muscle spasms during sex? If so, consider a pre-sex routine to relax muscles.... Sometimes your doctor can prescribe certain meds to relax muscles and decrease tension to take an hour before sexual activity, i.e. a pre-emptive strike strategy. Painful pressure? Find positions with minimal pressure. If the problem is not pain but poor sexual organ responsiveness, try lubricants, stimulating creams/products, natural products, or talk with your doctor about prescribed sexual stimulant meds. I know these sound pretty basic and obvious, but many times couples do not try the obvious due to uncertainty if it's "OK" to do something different. It's OK to do this. Re-discover the Romance: Intimacy is not the same as having sex and it doesn't only happen in the bedroom; intimacy occurs throughout the day. Couples can work on sending intimacy signals during the day: smiles, compliments, appreciative remarks, soft hugs etc. Try not to let FM stop these signals. Couples can also take more time to get ready. Yes, I'm talking about foreplay! Strive for natural and comfortable, including a comfortable environment free from drafts. Teach each other to rediscover touch with gentle stroking, massage, soft hugs, kissing, holding: NO poking, squeezing or playful slaps. Discover new rituals: warm oil massage, couple's hot tub, hot bath, or shower. Sexual activities other than intercourse can be explored and enjoyed. Find Comfortable Positions: We can figure this out. Experiment with different positions to minimize distracting painful pressure. ... Find out what works for you and it's OK to redefine what is "traditional" for you. Be comfortable together. Professional Counseling: Sometimes this may be needed to work out ongoing concerns about sex and intimacy. You may wish to discuss this option with your FM doctor. ...  Fibromyalgia and its chronic pain can affect sex and intimacy. FM affects everything else, so why shouldn't it cause unique problems with sex and intimacy as well? FM introduces new fears, concerns and anxieties into a relationship and we must understand them and address them. First, understanding the unique problems FM causes with sex: 1. Pain. The physiological equivalent of a cold shower! We hurt all over and any pressure or weight or squeezing aggravates the pain. Sex is not supposed to hurt. 2. Fatigue. No energy = less sexually active. Mental fatigue = decreased motivation = loss of libido = less sexually active. The person with FM may go to bed several hours before the partner and be asleep by the time the partner gets into bed. It is difficult to have successful sexual intimacy when one person is asleep! Since sleep is so valuable and so short-lived for many with fibro, any deep sleep will be more desired than sex, esp[ecially] at 11:30 pm! 3. Associated conditions. IBS can cause nausea, abdominal pains and more bowel alertness than sexual alertness. Depression can cause additional loss of libido, interest, and motivation. Anxiety can interfere with sexual responses. Poor self esteem can lead to lack of interest or embarrassment. 4. Medicine side effects. SSRIs can decrease libido or cause sexual dysfunctions, including ED [erectile dysfunction] in men. Muscle relaxers, tricyclics, and antiseizure meds can cause extreme sedation. Different meds can cause nausea or GI [gastrointestinal] symptoms and shift the focus from the bedroom to the bathroom. So with so much "negative stuff" going on with fibro, how do we possibly figure out a way to enjoy sex? We focus on the positives of sex rather than the problems. We reassure ourselves that intimacy is good for you, your relationship, and your fibro. Sex can be therapeutic. Let's count the ways....... 1. It is a physical activity. Isn't physical activity good for fibro?! 2. It increases our body's endorphins. 3. It improves blood flow, removes toxins from cells, and boosts our immune system. 4. It results in stretching and then relaxation of our muscles. 5. It reduces stress. 6. It re-connects us emotionally and intimately. 7. Usually we forget about pain during sexual intimacy! We should reassure ourselves that we are not hurting ourselves by being intimate; rather we are helping both the fibro and the relationship. Your partner is also dealing with fears and anxieties about hurting you, so you both need to be reassured about the positive aspects of being intimate ...  Not answering my own question but would like to clarify what kind of person I am. I have this thing where peer pressure doesn't work on me, regardless of who it is, Ex. Never done drugs, took a sip of alcohol and that was that (nasty stuff, I think I'm allergic to it in fact), still a virgin at 20 I have no pressure when it comes to my actions, if I don't want to do it I don't do it, if I do then I do. I'm asking for help not relationship advice.  Vaginal bleeding may occur during or after sexual intercourse for a number of reasons including: Injuries to the vaginal wall or introitus (opening to the vagina) during intercourse Infections (for example, gonorrhea, chlamydia, yeast infections) can be a cause of vaginal bleeding after intercourse. Lowered estrogen levels in peri-menopausal or postmenopausal women may cause the lining of the vagina to become thinned and easily inflamed or infected, and these changes can be associated with vaginal bleeding after intercourse. Anatomical lesions, such as tumors or polyps on the cervix or vaginal wall may lead to vaginal bleeding during or after intercourse. Women who experience vaginal bleeding during or following sexual intercourse should always visit their doctor to determine the cause of the bleeding.  Well first off did you use protection during those sexual intercourses?  I dont know any doctors who prescribe sex to treat diabetes, but after hearing a recent lecture Im starting to wonder, Why not? Theres a general notion that sex is favorable to good health, but most doctors dont specifically encourage their patients to have more sex. Naturally, we dont want to encourage unprotected or unsafe sex associated with sexually transmitted diseases, or sex that leads to unwanted pregnancies. Also, we dont want to encourage reckless sex that leads to car accidents or dislocated hips or other unforeseen injuries, and the last thing we want is for someone to have a heart attack during sex and blame us for it. However, I cant think of a single patient I treat who is likely to have any of those bad outcomes from having more sex. Having a heart attack during sex is very rare, and, in fact, increased sexual frequency is associated with reduced risk of heart disease, and is encouraged after recovering from a heart attack. Sex is one form of exercise that most people like! Its good for the heart and circulation, and helps maintain good blood flow to the sex organs. Use it or lose it is a fair statement, particularly in older people and those with diabetes. Erectile dysfunction occurs in over half of men with diabetes, especially after several years of poor blood sugar control, and maintaining sexual frequency may potentially help delay or avoid erectile dysfunction. Not surprisingly, eating right and exercising can help partially reverse erectile dysfunction in men, by improving blood pressure, blood flow, body fat and hormone levels. Women with diabetes may also be at increased risk for sexual problems, and it stands to reason that maintaining an active sex life may help prevent such problems. Healthy sleep habits are very important for diabetes management  and sex and sleep are closely related, (enough to be considered bedfellows perhaps). Sex improves sleep, and vice versa. Similarly, problems with sleep can interfere with sex. Sex releases hormones that help promote sleep (especially in men), and sleep promotes hormones that favor good blood sugar control and appetite control. By the same token, inadequate sleep quality or quantity promotes hormones that worsen blood sugar control, appetite, weight gain, diabetes and heart disease. So here we have a cycle of gradually decreasing health, sleep and sex over time. As one aspect worsens, the others may too, on and on it goes. The shame of it is that people generally like sex and sleep and feeling good. Can we break the cycle? Is it as simple as turning off the TV an hour earlier and having more sex? Unfortunately, its not always so simple. Doctors are in a great position to help patients recognize and reverse this cycle, and should embrace the power of healthy sexuality to fight chronic illness, but most are not doing so. It is not because doctors are unaware of the health benefits of sex. It is not that doctors are afraid of the remote negative outcomes mentioned above. Doctors dont bring up sex because its so easy not to, and because patients dont typically bring it up on their own. This mirrors the reasons doctors and patients often dont bring up obesity and weight loss during the course of a routine health visit. Because visits are often rushed, the problem is not acute, there are lots of other priorities and starting the discussion seems risky. I know we can do much better.  Well, theres a few different ways. So first of all, if youre tired, its hard to get motivated to have sex. The old, not tonight, Ive got a headache, probably partially has to do with not tonight because Im just too tired and thats one of the things that we talk about a lot. And we also know that with certain sleep disorders, theres a decrease in libido. Specifically in men with sleep apnea, weve noted a significant decrease in libido there, as well as in some women who have apnea. But again, more men than women have apnea until they hit menopause and then the numbers seem to even out. So anecdotally what we know is that a lot of women report that after my husband and I have sex, or my partner and I have sex, if hes male, then he falls asleep. That has a tendency to happen anecdotally, we dont have any great data on it yet, to say whether we know thats the case or not, but what we have found is that when talking to these individuals, if they have a different type of sex, or more sensual sex as opposed to more vigorous sex, then that has a tendency to lead towards less of a problem with insomnia secondary to having sex. What I would say is if youre a woman who is energized by having sex, have it earlier in the evening, okay. The other things is a lot of times women will associate the bed with this energized segment in their life after having sex, so maybe having sex away from the bed could be a good idea. Theres lots of different places in the house that somebody can have sex, and people may want to consider trying that.  While it is still possible to get pregnant, it's less likely since you started your period the next day. That means that you were not likely in a time in your cycle where pregnancy is likely. To increase your ability to get pregnant, you should time intercourse around the time of ovulation. WebMD's ovulation calculator can help .  Pregnancy is a possibility  Yes, due to sexual tension build up and also because sex is used to relieve stress so when you dont have sex you can easily become over stressed which will lead to a headache and possible fatigue  Yes, you very well could. I have 2 friends that have children that are 9-10 months apart. If you are not using any protection, you are very fertile, and very well could get pregnant.  I have a secondary question that goes along with yours. hope you don't mind me piggy backing on your question. If someone has unprotected sex with someone that has herpes and that person breaks out during the unprotected sex, and then that person who Didn't have it gets a blood test for herpes just 7 days later and that comes back Negative for that person... Is that Conclusive or Does it take Longer to show up in the Blood Test?  There is always a possibility of pregnancy when sexual encounters occur, that all depends on if you used protection, took safe sex steps and taking a pregnancy test could also help finalize your answer.  What age are u? And have you ever had missed or delayed periods previously?  Yes, it is possible. I would try a test again. I have had false negative results from using cheaper pregnancy tests. I recommend First Response or Clear Blue and Easy. It could just be a late period too.  I would probably tell him and you should've asked your doctor about sex. I mean I do think it's possible he could get some type of infection but I am not sure. I know some usually on the safe side get antibiotics for their partners if they find out they have an infection that could possibly be given to him.  I had a slight pain in that aria after having sex, a day or two latter I felt my best then started getting sick to my stomach. Never missed my next monthly so I just thought I dad the flu. the next monthly I missed and found out I was having twins.  Since she is your life partner, talk to her. Ask why she is uninterested. She has the answer. You must be prepared to listen carefully. Then together both of you may find a solution. If both of you can't. Then I suggest a third party, maybe a medical specialist or a marriage counselor.  50/50    Hi Folks, As this is an old question, just thought I would add a bit, from me. Forget how many times a week we do it, but for me and my wife now mid 60s+ 3,4, 5 times a week depending on my ED. But its not how many, its not done to records, its down to you and just how you and your partner need to do it and weather your getting satisfaction from doing it, its the enjoyment of the love making that really counts, being together, entwined body's, hot passion. This keeps life sweet. keeps you healthy. Do hope this helps you folks. Good Luck  Hi Night falls, wet dreams, or as you say nocturnal emissions, yes why not, just goes to show that your still with it, even better if you have an orgasm as well. They say its a young mans thing, but like you I can still get the odd one and I'm 67 and have a good sex life. We must have healthy sexy brains, that still work. Were OK Good Luck  Hi do you mean a vasectomy, if your partner is not on BC and using a condom, as long as your getting a good erection and its comfortable, then go for it, in these next few weeks the more you have sex, the sooner you will get your lab result back saying no sperm. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi As long as her BC has done its job you should be OK But please take into account that the BC pill is only 99% full proof? Good Luck  Hi It can be, its when your hymen breaks, in some women this can be quite tough, if that was your case, but from now on thing should pleasurable, so try and forget the pain, but always make sure that your juices are flowing before you have sex next time, lots of foreplay will do this, if not buy yourself some sex oil, this should overcome any problems. There is a very good site.www.dodsonandross.com on there you will find it packed with lots of useful info, Dr Betty Dodson can answer any more problems your getting, she is a guru when it comes to women's sexual problems, she runs life class's on how it masturbate and how to orgasm but just for women, you can down load vids from her for a small charge on the same things, its the kind of site were all your questions you were afraid to ask, here you can get the answers. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just go to www.dodsonandross.com its like every thing you ever wanted to know about sex, but was afraid to ask, if you look down the left hand side, you will find first time sex, I suggest you take it from there, lots to read, if you have any problems post to Dr Betty Dodson, she will give you very straight answer. But I think your problem does lie in a lack of sexual knowledge, you need with you b/f to read up about foreplay, foreplay is a great intro to full sex gets your juices running, there are 3 vey good books you can buy from Amazon, The sex fife file, The sex life letters and More sex life letters, get them and read them with your b/f in bed if need be, these are from people all around the world, all or sex and love making. Do hope this helps you, for a good sex life. Good Luck  Hi Your be pleased to know that this is something that cannot be passed on with either kissing or sex. So hope this helps your life. Good Luck  Ok its possible to get a missed period, with out worrying, it happens. The yeast infection and the antibiotics your have been on, there could be a link to the missed period, this would depend on your medical history. Next time your on antibiotics try taken yogurt each day your on the, should stop the yeast infections, if you do get a yeast infection try warm sea salt baths and just let the water get inside your vagina, for more info just google sea salt and yeast infection. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK then its time to do a HPT, or go to your doctor a do a test with him/her, and see how things go. Or it could be just a skipped period from as you say stress. But OK its time you started some kind of BC just to be on the safe side for your future sex life, the last thing you need at 16 is to get pregnant, if not always carry condoms, best to be safe that sorry. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes you have a very simple yeast infection, you can try lots of thing to clear it, but sea salt baths may help to start with, just put a couple of handfuls of sea salt in a warm bath, let this water get inside your vagina, do this twice a day for a week, all should be well by then. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just sounds like a pimple, try putting a hot towel on it and after a 5 minutes try giving it a good squeeze, see what comes out, once you have done that and got the puss out, just give it a nice sea salt wash to help clean and heal it, you should find things get back to normal in 24 hours. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  HI Try this, just go to your doctors or mothers clinic and get tested there, perhaps your doctor could have a look at you at the same time, get checked out. Good Luck  Hi If its red blood this means its fresh, then yes ASAP, but if not just give it a couple more days, see if starts to trickle off, if not go see your doctor. Good Luck  Hi I would say its pretty high, you will have to weight till this first day of your next period if it miss's to do a test, and take it from there. Do we take it that the sex was unprotected? Good Luck  Hi Chuckurt67, Look I think your best bet would be to do your own post, and tell what your problem is. See if I can find you then Good Luck NOHARD  HI, Yes, it is safe to have sex with a prolapse. However, you may find that sex is uncomfortable, slightly embarrassing or even feel some pain. Depending on your individual situation, you may need to find other ways to have sexual pleasure aside from intercourse( masturbation together, oral sex or anal sex) while you work on strengthening your pelvic floor muscles by exercising them, for this there's kegel's or try looking up pelvic massage, doing these you should notice some improvement. The severity of your prolaspe will determine if you will opt for non-surgical treatments or surgical intervention. It is a good idea to consult with your doctor or health care professional to discuss your options. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Working on your dates, and ovulation day would have been around the 8th of July, which was 12 days before you had sex, and your egg would have only have been there for 2 days, so don't think some how your pregnant, but you could always do either an HPT or do a test at your doctors. But with your late period it could be your having a skipped period, could be from sudden weight lose, could be from stress from having unprotected sex and worrying if you will get pregnant, and from any meds you taken. Any help. Good Luck  Hi, OK it can be possible for you to get pregnant from anytime of the month if your one of those women, others it has to be the right day time and so on, its toss a coin time. Did you not think of plan B, so simple take a pill, trouble gone. You will need to wait to see if your next period comes, if not then the time to do a test. Good Luck  Hi, OK dark brown/red discharge means its old blood, but cant see how its been going on for 3 weeks, being rough during sex, sounds more like its dry, so yes could be the start of the menopause. The only way to find out would be your doctors, get a blood test done for her hormones, from this your doctor would be able to tell if its that. But if you still going to have sex, try some lubrication there's plenty she can use, but the best is almond oil, coconut oil (extra virgin), if she get no reaction baby oil or even olive oil. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Look if its Jock Itch, then you have wee beastie's or what's called crabs, for that you just need to shave of your pubic hair and get some cream from the chemist, if you tell them its for crabs they will know what you mean, and stand well back. If it is a yeast infection, you could try a warm sea salt bath twice daily, for more info just google yeast infection and sea salt. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, If its peace of mind your looking for then go get tested, its best to be safe than sorry, its as easy as that. But from what your saying as well, as long as you have always had sex with a condom, that part you should be 98% proof. But how about oral sex? not so good with a condom on my with once said, trying a fruit flavoured one, as some STIs and STDs will affect the throat to. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Its your cervix, can feel like the end of your nose. Your raised numb, could be a block gland of some kind, if you shave it could be an ingrowing hair follicle, could be e blocked pore, bu8t of your really worried over this go see a gyno, your in his/her field, with a raised numb? what is one of them?. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have you been on any antibiotics, when this problem happens or happened, antis make our sperm smell, and if our sperm smells then your g/f's vagina will smell the next day. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi TDB, Am I missing something here, in your post you saying no sperm, and in your last post your a little sperm, if I was masturbating 3 times a day, I would not expect to see to much sperm any day, that's if your doing 3 times a day every day. Now your urine, we need to drink about 8 pints a day, to keep our systems clean and running clear, if you cut back, and its not good for you, then your urine will be dark yellow, End of the day, sorry something is missing here, with your imfo. Good Luck  Hi Just give it a couple more days to see if your period kicks in, if not then get a test done, either HPT or at your doctors. One thing it could be just a skipped period as well. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So did you get your period yet? if no then now is the time to do a test, if yes then the odds are your not pregnant, but it is possible to have a sort period and still be pregnant, but you would still need to do that test either and HPT or better still at your doctors, if its negative then see him/her about your spotting problem. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, So your as they say gaging for it more often than him? Yes How much foreplay do you have, foreplay is a great way of extending sex/ love making, unless you just happy going straight into sex. Do you love your husband like no tomorrow, but still crave more sex? Have you thought of self masturbating do it right with some edging (edging is where you take yourself almost to orgasm then stop, after a while you start again, you do this 3 to 4 times then go all the way to orgasm, watch out though, you can have a big one) so doing it with edging will satisfy you. Look go have a good read on this site, www.dodsonandross.com you will find so much help here perhaps for both of you, but if its just for you, then Dr Betty Dodson she's a guru in the art of masturbation and the queen of orgasms, she can lead you and show you how, you can down load her vids on both, or do it from just reading, she also runs life class's on both. But for both of you, is hubby a bit backwards in the art of sex? dose he give you oral sex? Then perhaps he should do some reading on Dodson and Ross by himself And you are you sexually in the frame in bed? do you give your husband oral sex? do you like to change positions? or are you always doing it the same old way, experimenting positions is very good for a good sex life. The only other thing I can think would be sex therapy either as a couple or singles at first then as a couple. Hope something here helps you both. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi I take that your mater is your g/f? so dose she think its loose or just you? could be that at that moment she was more relaxed, this would make her vagina more relaxed. Question, dose she know your here asking this question? dose she notice its more relaxed? or is it just you? If she is in on this question then this could be her answer, she should start doing a course of Kegels, there pelvic floor exercises, these will help her to tighten up her vagina muscles. Don't forget men can do these as well, dose two things helps pump extra blood into our penis's also helps ejaculation, makes it a lot stronger. Last thing just google kegel exercises. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First there will be a lot of guys asking just how do you make it last 10 minutes? If you have been putting your body through this, and remembering that you have not said how long the other times lasted, so great you can make your love making sessions last, then your the stud, if this is happening often then just keep your love making to two times, you should find that this would keep any young lady happy. But if you still think you need help, try looking at herbal things, to boost your T,s, but try looking to things that will help your blood, there are simple things like, Garlic, Ginger, Cayenne Pepper, Green Tea with honey and lemon, all very good for your blood, you could try going on a course of Tribulus but this takes around 8 weeks to get to full power, you can also put herbal Tribulus in your green tea ground down, after that its things like L-Arginine and L-caritine. Now the best thing you can do is google all above just for info, after each one add for erectile dysfunction, this way you will get some good info. When I say herbal Tribulus, this Tribulus in its natural wild form, I use this and grind it down and put into green tea, I let this steep overnight, then drink through the next day, for this you will need a good 2 pint tea pot. Do hope all this helps you. good Luck  Hi Could be that the sex was so good its shocked your system, so you will be a bit behind or completely just miss this one. And it may just have upset your hormones, another reason for not having a period. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Try Truth serum, or a lie detector. Do either and you lose your wife. Get the picture. Good Luck PS Can she do the same on you?  Hi First there are some women who never get an orgasm. But if you want to give it a shot google Dodson and ross, on there you will find all the info you need, Dr Betty Dodson is the guru of women's orgasm's, she runs life class's on how to masturbate and orgasm, you can download vids for a small charge for a day, week or month, but there is so much info on site, lots of posts to read, all your answers, answered in one place, there's even some great art work on site, Please have fun. Good Luck  Hi For one sex is very good for you when pregnant, how it will fill will depend on what part of the term your in, but always get in comfortable position for you, remind hubby or b/f, that you must always be comfortable, and its for both of you it will help, but no deep banging away, slow and easy, and if like us the night before it was born both times, seemed to work wonders. Have fun and keep happy. Good Luck  Hi No its not normal you should see either your doctor or gyno, blood tests would help, to see if your hormones could be out of whack, or you could also be pregnant, periods can happen why your pregnant. But see how your tests go. And if your not pregnant could be a good time to get on BC as the pill could straighten out your periods, and get you back on track. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You say reaction? or do you mean erection, if this is giving him a problem, and still has an erection, get him to an ER ASAP, if a man has an erection longer than 4 hours its not good for us, the blood needs to be released ASAP. So GO Now. Good Luck  Hi, Then it's time to go see your doctor, let him sort you out or pass you on to a gyno, best advice. Good Luck  Hi Not to sure about lubricating your joints, but having sex on a regular basis is very good for your general health, give the body a real good feel factor. The reason behind it, is when we have sex it releases endorphins, its when you get these released, this should make your aches go away, and don't forget by having sex in certain positions this will do your joints go by the movement your doing it in. Keeps you active, so tell your husband to keep at for both of you, no matter what age you are, me and my wife now over mid 60s, and still enjoy sex. Keep happy, Keep healthy, Keep a good sex life. Good Luck  Hi Going on the first bit, it sounds like he has a yeast infection, which he has passed on to you, so its either off to the doctor or an STD/GUM Clinic, and this means both of you, its best you get treated together, other wise it will just keep going back and forth between you both. So you get your meds and please do as they say, if its no sex till the meds are gone then do it that way. Do hope this helps you both. Good Luck  Hi Your find they close down to heighten your orgasms, mine do the same. Good Luck  Hi Its quite normal for the odd women to ejeculate and the can either be clear or white, and it can happen anytime of the month. But you really need to have a towel under you, it can really soak the sheets some nights. But its OK your normal. Have fun, enjoy your sex life. Good Luck  HiI think the best thing you can do is get to an STD/GUM Clinic, get them to do some tests, this will highlight any kind of infections you may now have. This guy you last had sex with may have been a carrier, and he could have passed it on to you, you can be a carrier and not know it, it has a thing about hiding in tests, gonorrhea that is. But p[lease get tested yourself, this would be a big release for you to know how you stand, if you clear then you can get back to having a sex life, there's nothing better for us humans than having a good sex life, very good for us. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have a read of this link from WebMD, gives you all your answers you want. The link, http://www.webmd.com/sex/birth-control/birth-control-depo-provera Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK if your shaved, and this is on your pubic bone, could be just sore from grinding your pubic bone against you girl friends pubic bone, give it a day or so should go away, you could also try rubbing some aloe vera gel into it. Good Luck  Hi A hard thing to do, but try laying off sex till its healed, to add the healing try giving your penis head a sea salt water wash twice a day, till its healed over, the give it a good 8 to 10 days before you have sex again, but also lay off masturbating as well. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi As he did not fully ejaculate? even though there may have been some sperm in his pre-cum? are you shore its not down to wishful thinking this can play havoc on the body, these are just t6houghts. So your period date has come and gone, then now is the time to get tested, either an HPT or at your doctors, doing this takes all the guessing out of the equation. So go get tested. Good Luck  Hi, I do think you are a bit worried over this? Yes, look and I'm not saying its and STI or STD, but it would do you the world of good if you go to and STD/GUM Clinic, this just to be on the safe side, you need to think about your penis health, the staff will be helpful to you, and if its nothing the should be able to tell you what it is and how to treat it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Then you cant be pregnant, your unprotected sex was on the safe side of day 14. So your last period would have been around the 2nd of September? yes so your day 14 would have been the 16th of September, which would have been your ovulation day, give or take a day. So now you can see that your unprotected sex was on the safe side, this means that you wasted 3 HPT's you only use these if you miss a period. OK Good Luck  Hi I found this after doing some research. There are lots of women who have had it fall out. But This bit is from the horses mouth,  Hi Well your past the time the experts say you should not be on the BC pill during conception, so just stay on them till you get tested, which I hope your planning to do ,, as your now nearly 3 weeks late. Who knows it could be just a skipped period? But until you have your test I would stay on your BC pills, just in case your not, because if your still having unprotected sex you could soon be. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, there are two ways you can go, first I suggest you google yeast infections and sea salt, that's one way to fight your on going problem, or second you can google yeast infections and boric acid, they say this works 98 out of every 100 women who use it, but with this method you can also fight it two ways, by using the capsule and taken a 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water and drink through the day, this way you fight you ways, give it the old double wammy. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sorry forgot about your PID, now being British we have this very good web site called the NHS choices, I have given you a link below, its packed with info, some you may know of some you might not, so please just give it a good read, up the top you we see different areas to look at. Good Luck http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Pelvic-inflammatory-disease/Pages/Introduction.aspx  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi And yes, the problem is it just keeps going backwards and forwards between you both, so the best thing is you both get treatment at the same time, but try googling yeast infection and sea salt, and yeast infection and boric acid, both of these are proved ways of getting rid of it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Do you mean a boil? is this inside or on your lips labia, major or minor, if you shave and its on one of your lips, it could be an ingrowing hair from shaving, if so give it a squeeze see in any puss come out, if you can see it, and if you can see a small black line inside that's the hair, with a clean needle pick it out and just pluck it away, should be gone in 24 hours. If right do hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi, I would either get off to an ER or your doctor, ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Yes it can do this, the problem is that it goes deep inside your body and will not show even in tests, it is a bit of a bugger for doing this. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi At the top of your head, do you think he could be two timing? OK he wears latex gloves for his work in a lab, but when he goes to urinate he would take then of when leaving the lab and could also wash his hands? So this chemical taste could be spermicide which is inside most condoms, so you have the two latex and spermicide. Now these are only my thoughts from reading your question? Hope they help in some way. Good Luck  Hi Yes it can happen, if your late now's the time to do either an HPT or do a test at your doctors. But this could something to do with the hormones from BC doing this, or it could be just a skipped period, getting one of these can throw women at times if you have never had one. If you can think back just how many times before sex on the 25/6, did you have unprotected sex then? if you can work it out from the first day of you last period, see sex 4 days before day 14 could have done it, that was unprotected. Hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi Just how often do you masturbate, and are you doing this to porn? Please come back  Hi, No offence, but you should try and have sex more often, its really good for our body's. So OK 3 weeks and no sex, that would put you around the end of your last period, Yes, you need to take into consideration that some women can get pregnant from any stag of there cycle, to the women who have to have sex on the right day, hour, minute to get pregnant. So probably another week 10 days before a test would be best. Or you could be an early bird for menopause. so a simple blood test would tell you that. Do hope this helps with your problem. Good Luck  Hi, See The Above Answer.  Hi This could be from a lack of sexual education, for one, a dominating mother telling you that you must not have sex because, it's dirty, and you should not touch a mans penis, or religious upbringing that says sex is bad before marriage, if things like this get indoctrinated in to a girls brain, then she will never have sex. Its these kind of things that need to be broken, when this can be done then, and only then can or could she or you enjoy a fruitful sex life, either before or after marriage. For any good answers on sex have a good look at Dodson and ross, on there its like all the sex answers to the questions you were afraid to ask. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Wacky, Well it dose say its for dryness, so cant see any problem there. But if your still troubled with lack of lubrication, there are sex oils, good old baby oil if you don't get side effects from it, same with olive oil if your in the kitchen, along with almond oil and coconut oil, extra virgin is best. Nothing like a good sex life. Good Luck  Hi, Why are you here asking this question, is it you who is afraid more than her of her being pregnant? sounds like it to me. If she is your partner full time, get her on some kind of BC, like the pill, the ring, the cap or IUD, but not depo shot. I cant see how you think she could be pregnant? can you? Good Luck  Hi Look sorry for this late reply at a time when you really need some help. But for me sex in the pool was not the cause of this problem , but if you have not done it, bed rest would be good for you, and just take things easy. It could be something or nothing, but just in case its a miscarriage these things do happen, if so it means your body sense something was not right, but just hoping for you it was nothing. Bed rest. Good Luck  Hi As you have not said how long since you and your partner had sex, but I think first yes were condoms, but you will need to tell him why, and that brings up second base, you both should see your doctor as it would be best if he was on the same meds as you, it's just best that way, it's just in case he picked something from you the last time you both had sex, it stops it going back and forth. Do hope this helps you. Good luck  Hi If your sex life had died, sorry, but first sperm just get absorbed into your body if not ejaculated. But the odd weekly masturbation would help keep your sperm moving along, if you have not had sex for sometime, at first it will be a bit thick, and may look like frogs spawn in texture, so for the first week you may need to do it daily just clear out your system, then just once a week to keep it ticking over, like a well oil machine. You never know some day you just might need it to work for you, doing this it will. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, So just why are you on BC? its not so you don't get pregnant? yes, so why the condom and why are you here, its like you need some extra, extra protection. The chances of getting pregnant why on BC is like 1.5 % or lower. Just enjoy your sex life and try to worry just a little less, your on BC, if need be just use some spermicide, it would be far better. Good Luck  Hi, So you take this for anxiety? Yes, if you google natural ways out of anxiety, if you can find something in this that will work for you, then you can come off the drugs and get your sex life back. Job done. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think your g/f has been misinformed, and that she will be OK, its things like getting drunk and missing the pill, can be a big problem. Apart from getting drink she should be OK. Good Luck  Hi, Just try never getting into a situation, were you cant say no Always dodge that part, taking that your a girl, never get that far. Its hard to say no unless you want to be married as a virgin? Remember you could just be a notch on another guys gun if you say yes. Depends what kind of girl you are, are you the adventurous kind, as in you really want to say yes, or the real non adventurous kind? and its always going to be NO. But at the end of the day its all down to you and saying NO, and I mean NO So its really you and saying NO, Just two letters N and O. Good Luck PS Always stay out in the open with people, nothing can happen then.  Hi see above answer.  Hi is your husband on any kind of meds? is he say on antibiotics? this can do that, but if not you best go see your doctor or your gyno, Good Luck  Hi, In the first year after the implant is fitted, your periods may become irregular, lighter, heavier or longer. This usually settles down after the first year. A common side effect of the implant is that your periods stop (amenorrhoea). It's not harmful, and it seems to trigger some bleeding that is dark brown . Your periods may change significantly while using a contraceptive implant. Around 20% of women using the implant will have no bleeding, and almost 50% will have infrequent or prolonged bleeding. Bleeding patterns are likely to remain irregular, although they may settle down after the first year. Although these changes are not harmful, they may not be acceptable for some women. Your GP may be able to help by providing additional medication if you have prolonged bleeding. But If you think hour still having problems, please see your doctor. Do hope this has helped you. Good Luck  Hi I think you find that your hormones have gone in reverse, to what happened with your last two children, the only real way to find out would be with a blood test on your hormones. Now if your husband is happy to stay with the way your sex life is going great, if not get the blood test done and from this your doctor would be able to adjust your problem with other hormones. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Have you thought of seeing your doctor, would be the best place to start, from him a gyno, get your self sorted out. Good Luck  Hi This is a hard question to answer, my wife's 68 and still lo0ves our sex life and its around 3 to 4 times a week, so for her its no. I think your find this is a women to women thing, but if you feel you flagging but you still feel you would like a more interesting sex life, there should be some kind of supplement that can help you, google DHEA for women, and Tribulus for Women. Also have a read of this WebMD page it may help as well. http://www.webmd.com/vitamins-and-supplements/lifestyle-guide-11/natural-sex-boosters-can-you-rev-up-your-libido Also have a read of www.dodsnandross.com perhaps Dr Betty Dodson can help you, you can post to her from on site, and she will answer you herself, also have a read round the site, you never know what help there is to lift your sagging libido, it may just need a kick start, its also down to just how interested you are in sexual matters, do you enjoy your own body, do you know how to enjoy your own sexuality, get this bit right it may be the boost you need, this your also find on Dodson and Ross. Do hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi, This may be the result of having orgasms, its the love bug biting you, but you need something to break down you mucus problem, try some good oldfashioned cheese and onion sandwich's and the last one just before bed, heavy on the onion and kick in some garlic for good measure. Good Luck  Hi Have you been having unprotected sex? even just putting you penis and not ejaculating she can still get pregnant, if you masturbated before sex then sperm would be in your urethra, and any sperm would be carried in pre-cum. So all you can do is get her to her doctors and get a test done there, best way. Good Luck  Hi, Mia, just how many days between the last placebo and starting your new pack? Just answer through, answer this, above  Hi I think your find its BV, its come back again, two choices, back to the doctor for antibiotics or you can try the sea salt treatment, you do this by taken two warm sea salt baths a day till it goes, you can google bv and sea salt, for more info, if this works for you then it would be better than filling your body with antibiotics. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I will tell you now you have a very good doctor, and he's right, there are so many women out there who have to use lubrication by the gallon, you get yours free. I know its a big bind for you, no doubt you use lots of towels under you for sex, so what the heck, one thing is your blessed, and must have a very happy, trouble free sex life, for now I would enjoy what you have, menopause is around the corner, this could have the opposite effect and you go dry, then you be out there buying lubrication. That last bit could be the other side of the coin. Do hope this helps you, just enjoy. Good Luck  Hi just be happy its your first time, enjoy the moment, your having sex for the first time, not trying to break a record. But just relax and enjoy it, that's the important thing, and if need be just give it 20 minutes by then you should be ready to go again. Good Luck  Hi, Do you know if your penis was bet back when this happened? You also say nothing is coming, so do you get the feeling that your ejaculating then? Please come back  Hi If he has sperm in his urine, the he has retrograde ejaculations, this means when he ejaculates it goes backwards into his bladder at the point of orgasm, if he thinks this what is happening, then he should see his doctor ASAP. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If I think to what your saying, the answer is no, you should have stopped and went, but if you did not notice this happening then you mind must have been somewhere else and you was to relaxed. Question did you pass wind during sex, if so don't do it again. Hope this helps you.  Hi, Ok try not to worry to much, as you have been playing safe? it could be just a missed period, and at 16 it could go on for a few months, but you will have to see. But if you are really still worried, why not just either do an HPT, or do a pregnancy test at your doctors, if you can go by yourself, but if you have the you Mother with you, I think if she has no idea what's going behind closed doors, but think she could guess? But just remember your mum is your best friend, so be straight with her to why you need to go to your doctor. So the question mark, first line, from what your saying its not going to be long before sex rears its head, so do you think its time to see your doctor for BC, either, the BC Pill, the BC Implant, the BC Ring, the BC Cap or the IUD. So as your getting near to being sexually active, and it would be a lot safer, it would put all the pregnancy worries behind you then. But do think on Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Sorry Stewart its only BC pills and if you look your n3 months late, so it kind of rubbish answer. Good Luck Try reading up about BC pills, all very interesting.  Hi Well you either getting mild BV (bacterial vaginosis) or your getting a reaction to his sperm if your having unprotected sex, or it could be a slight yeast infection that you get each time you have sex. You could start with this site for cures. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy into google to open and read, If this sex your having is with the same guy, he could be the source of this yeast problem, your find that and vaginal odour comes from yeast infection, which could be in his sperm. You could try taken some acidophilus, this would help build up your own good bugs to help fight it or straight after sex have a warm sea salt bath, just a couple of handfuls in the bath will do, let this water get inside your vagina, do it twice a day, try it for just a couple of days if its just a slight problem. Do hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi Well in 5 days if your period dose not happen, the that's the time to do a test, if it has not happened, blame it on the deop shot, sometimes it can take over a year or up to 2 years to get pregnant. As you seem to know when your about to ovulate, try having unprotected sex 2 days before, it takes our men 3 days to reach your egg, and your egg is only futile for 2 days, so they should be ok when they get together. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If this guy is in the same Herpes club as you, it would be OK, if not he could become the next member, if that's what he wants. But he should think about it. Good Luck  Hi If it was a week before, ok toss a coin time, fact some women can get pregnant from any time of the month, others it has to right day hour minute and so on. But please remember it takes male sperm 3 days to reach an egg if one was there, but if the condom was hanging out a bit, then the chances are very slim. All you can do is wait to see if you miss your next period, and if you do then get an HPT or do a test at your doctors, but then it could be from stress of waiting that you miss your period. All part of the game. Good Luck  Hi, So the first day of your cycle was the 23rd24ft? yes, so you had unprotected sex on day 9 then yes you could be pregnant. So your next period should be the 21st of October, if it dose not happen ten or in the next couple of days, then its time to get tested either an HPT or at your doctors. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Your problem stems from not playing with yourself as a young child, as most of us did, and by not doing so, your foreskin was not stretched. So now is the time to start, with some baby oil massaged in it just start stretching it lengthways and sideways, but not over doing it by try and do twice daily, and slowly you will be able to get it over your gland, you need to make stretched so it can do it easily, this way it will move like that when you have sex. Good Luck  Hi, I think the answer is no, if you read this, its a piece I found, may help may not. Good Luck You can get chlamydia through: unprotected vaginal sex unprotected anal sex unprotected oral sex your genitals coming into contact with your partner's genitals sharing sex toys when they are not washed or covered with a new condom between each person who uses them Sexual fluid from the penis or vagina can pass chlamydia from one person to another even if the penis does not enter the vagina, anus or mouth. This means you can get chlamydia from genital contact with someone who has the infection even if there is no penetration, orgasm or ejaculation. It isnt clear if chlamydia could be passed on by transferring infected semen or vaginal fluid on the fingers. Infected semen or vaginal fluid can cause conjunctivitis if it gets into someones eye.  Hi Had a look round for you and found this, it should help you both. NuvaRing can accidentally slip out of the vagina while removing a tampon, during intercourse, or straining during a bowel movement. If NuvaRing slips out of the vagina and it has been out for less than three hours, you should still be protected from pregnancy. NuvaRingcan be rinsed with cool to lukewarm (not hot) water and reinserted as soon as possible, and at the latest within three hours of removal or expulsion (slipping out). Personally, my boyfriend can feel it, so knowing that it can be taken out for up to three hours is helpful. So as long as your not having sex longer than 3 hours you should be OK, but don't forget to put it back, after you've had sex. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As you do not say whether you male or female, or even male on male, but its always best to be protected, so always think condoms. Good Luck PS Protection is best One never knows?  Hi, Yes there is always a chance of getting pregnant from having unprotected sex, and your 7 days from ovulation day, your egg and his sperm could meet head on. All you can do is wait to see if you get your next period, if you don't then that would be the time to get tested. Hope this helps you. Good Luck PS, Question did he or you not have a condom then?  Hi, I think by doing some research, and have endometriosis and the utis, your going in to vaginal spasms at time of sexual intercourse, this creates a tight band. But the problem its a long term (chronic) condition, suggest your google edometriosis, look at the reply from NHS choices, lots of info. But if you still need a sex life suggest oral, masturbation or anal as a way out for now. Problem its a long term thing. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK its like your back to squire one, I mean like when you were a virgin, things have just shrunk a bit. So with the aid of some sex oil, very slowly start again, try masturbating, try a dildo and slowly it will open up again so you can get back to enjoying sex again. But don't worry it happens, try this site you may find some help, www,dodsonandross.com you find all you need to know on there, Dr Betty Dodson is a guru on womens masturbating and how to orgasm, plus a lot more, it you think you still need some more help post Dr Betty, she will come back with a personal answer to you. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi with the bright red spotting I think you should see your gyno, best to be safe than sorry. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi There is a chance that you could be, but its only a chance, see if the 11th was your first day, plus 7, regular period time, that's 18th, plus 14 to ovulation day, which takes us to the 1st, so if you had sex on the 3rd, it then takes 3 days for his sperm to get to the egg, so that makes it a chance, at best. If not try again, its all down to counting days. Unless your the kind of women who can get pregnant from any time of the month. Hope this helps Good Luck  Hi If your last period was short by a couple of days then yes you could be pregnant, reason it is possible for a pregnant women to go through her whole pregnancy and still have a monthly period, but shorter ones. Now the best thing you can do is get off to your doctor, and get a pregnancy test done, see how it goes and take it from there. Well your either pregnant or having a phantom pregnancy, this can happen and runs just the same as a real pregnancy. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK do you mean you can ejaculate but no orgasm? or just nothing not even a feeling of anything? Could be when you masturbate, that you not really in the mood, if you minds wondering, then that's your reason, as men we do need to stay focused, try that and see how you go, but don't do it to porn, your problems could even worst, ED for a start, total ED that is, penis not staying erect for sex, the list goes on. One last thing as long as this dose not upset your wife, try taken a sex break say for 4 weeks, you do nothing, no sexual contact or masturbating. Your best bet would be to discuss this with your wife and do tell her what your problems are, a problem shared could help ease your now stress. Are you getting any nocturnal erections? or morning woods? Hope there is some help here. Good Luck  Hi I don't think you have cut through anything, may be just a small tear at most. But what kind of a vagina does this women have then, sounds like Jaws to me. I now think your problem is this, your just stressing your self out, stress is a great erection killer, just try forgetting about it, put behind you and just relax, if this woman is about get her to gentle play with it or even some oral sex, but next time you have sex just use some extra lubrication Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have a read through this link, its from the NHS in the UK, English girls get the same symptoms as you, but it reads very interesting, facts an so on. But sounds like you big day is coming. The Link, http://www.nhs.uk/Livewell/puberty/Pages/Startingperiods.aspx Just copy the link into google to open and read Do hope you find the help you want. Good Luck  Hi see Above answer.  Hi, First two things, do you want to get her pregnant, if not don't worry yet, getting a women pregnant is all down to timing with some women, right minute right day, some other women can get pregnant from any day of there cycle, its just the way nature works. But never heard of safe sex, condoms, birth control, UDI, if your not looking to get her pregnant, just think safe sex. Good Luck  Hi, Bleeding after sex can be a sign of a health condition, such as: an infection such as pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) or a sexually transmitted infection (STI) such as chlamydia vaginal dryness (atrophic vaginitis) caused by reduced vaginal secretions after the menopause damage to the vagina such as tears caused by childbirth, or by dryness or friction during sex cervical or endometrial polyps (benign or non-cancerous growths in the womb or the lining of the cervix) cervical ectropion (also known as cervical erosion), where there is an inflamed area on the surface of the cervix Rarely, bleeding after sex can be a sign of cervical cancer or vaginal cancer. I do hope something here gives you the answer your looking for. Good Luck  Hi This is the answer from plan B site that I think suits your situation. Yes. Emergency contraceptive pills (also called "morning after pills" or "day after pills") only protect against pregnancy when you take them after sex. That means you can still get pregnant if you take emergency contraception and then have sex again without using another kind of contraception or your birth control fails. If you still dont want to get pregnant, you will need to take emergency contraceptive pills again. (Although emergency contraceptive pills would probably still protect you if you had sex immediately after taking them, there is no research to show how long they would work.) Some women find they need emergency contraception more than once because they havent found a regular type of birth control that fits their health and lifestyle needs. To find out more about which contraceptives might work best for you, click here. And be sure to talk to your health care provider if you are having any problems with your birth control. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi You will have to wait till and if you miss your next period, then takes a test, HPT or at your doctors, but as for being a boy, well its 50/50 chance. Good Luck  Hi You may have a problem, it can hide a go deep inside you body, and yes it could have been possible for you to have been married and never passed it on. But there must be a solution to this problem, look go have a talk with an STD/GUM Clinic, I'm sure there must be away of finding out if you are positive or negative, see what they say. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Could be that the sex was so good, its just upset your system, only time will tell, to late for plan B. If things go right, and your not pregnant, get on the BC pill, will save all these problems your now having, or get a good supply of condoms in, and put a couple in each bag you own. Please always remember safe sex is best sex. Good Luck  Hi, Your foreskin should be able to move freely, if its still a bit tight you should try to get him to slowly stretch it, both sideways and length ways, massage some baby oil into it before he starts, and slowly he should find it starts moving better for him. He needs to get it moving better, and slowly the sensitivity will go, also washing behind it daily will help as well the sensitivity, if he finds that by doing this he gets PE (premature ejaculation) then he should go and do an exercise called edging, he can find out how to do this on pegym.com under exercises. Hope this helps for some good sexual encounters. Good Luck  Hi Well the real question that you should be asking is when do I get some sex education? yes OK so you do know about your cycle and as you was outside of you ovulation day, ten what happened was in your safe period, and the thing you can add was that it takes male sperm 3 days to reach your womb or the egg if there was one, your egg only lives for 2 days. Now if you miss your next period, then that would be the time to get tested, and only then, either an HPT or at your doctors. Now young lady, if your going to keep having unprotected sex, then you need protection, did your b/f not have condoms, better still were was yours, its up to both of you to provide protection. There's the BC pill, the ring, IUD and the cap, these and more are there for your protection, its time for you to do something even if you bare just 13 years old. Always remember your Mum is your best friend. Do talk with her. Good Luck  Hi Sorry you seem to have not said what it is that you can spread?  Hi First day after a missed period, should be about right time to do a urine test. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Perhaps when you on top your somehow getting more penis inside you or it could be that his penis is hitting something else apart from your cervix, try using extra lubrication. So hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi you should wait 2 to 3 months until you get your regular periods back, until then us condoms, its just a case of waiting for your system to get back into gear, then try for a baby. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Both you and your husband need to get tested, try an STD/GUM Clinic, they really now what there doing and will be helpful for you both, you can find one if you google STD Clinic with your area. Good Luck  Hi I think if you was pregnant that you would be showing by now, have you not done any kind of tests yet? even just an HPT, but best would be with your doctor. But with PCOS, having no periods, is a side effect, and getting pregnant is a very hard thing. So please get tested, before you break your heart. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try This day one of your cycle is the first day of your period, by day 14 this is your ovulation day your egg would live for 2 days, now you had unprotected sex on day 24 of a 28 day cycle if that's yours. So cant see any chance of being pregnant. As for your period being 2 weeks late, this could be down to a whole load of events, stress, weight loss, doing to much exercise, plus some more. The only real way to find if you think your pregnant, is to see if you miss your next period, if so then do a test then either an HPT or best at your doctors. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, First question would be from a male or female? but does not matter which really, for oral sex we all need to be clean, and I mean really clean, if your ever worried and at home drag who ever off to the bath room and give it a good old wash, or drag them in the shower, oral sex in the shower is really fun, all warm and very steamy. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK you say a lot of sex before your due date, that's not a good idea, he could end up ejectulating immature sperm which would have been no good. But if he refrained for a few days before the third day you first had sex trying to get pregnant, then that may have been the time you got pregnant, if you have, it takes male sperm 3 days to reach the egg. OK when you next period is due and nothing happens then its time to do a test, either a HPT or with your doctor. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi D, How long before did you come off BC, whether you were safe could depend on that and how long you were on BC. But if your going to have unprotected sex without BC then there will always be a good chance of getting pregnant, you should always carry some condoms, and say no condom, no sex, or get back on the pill, cap or IUD. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Having sex without any kind of protection is just playing with dynamite, the easiest way to get pregnant is riding bareback, you can still find sperm in precum. Go do a pregnancy test, its the only way for you to go. Next time you do that think plan B, better still if your not pregnant go and get some condoms, or find a safe BC pill to get on. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think your OK its if you keep doing it, I mean changing times each day, then your in to problems, but just this odd time you should be OK. Good Luck  Hi Could be two things going on, its either high blood pressure related to having and orgasm, so get your blood pressure checked out. Or its just and orgasm building up, giving you your headache. But here's a link which gives you all the info, a bit better than me http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/sex-orgasms-and-headaches Good Luck  Hi First have you thought of doing a HPT to see, or thought of going to your doctor for a test? But it is possible for you to be pregnant after having a period, in fact some women can go through there whole pregnancy having periods, the one time that you think you get a break then it carry's on. But yes you could be, but get tested. Good Luck  Hi OK lets start form the beginning, you were a virgin who's on the pill, well done You have sex for the first time and the guy wore a condom, now that's called double safe, he ejaculated in the condom? yes. Then for that I would say your not pregnant. Now this cloudy discharge, ok is this in your urine or from your vagina? If its from your vagina, it could just be a yeast infection, now if this comes with a fishy smell its BV (bacterial vaginosis) so you can either see your doctor for meds, or you can try the sea salt way, for this you just have a couple of baths a day with a couple of handfuls of sea salt in it, you let the water get inside your vagina, you can google bv and sea salt for more info. Do hope this helps you and your nerves. Good Luck  Hi I think its time you took a trip to your doctor, let him have a look at you get tested, after that you can see were you stand, seems the best thing to me. Good Luck  Hi Your find if you google it, it is the only way. Look not knowing your background and just how sexually active you are and was or your age. But its dose like to hid deep in your body's tissues, and just pop out when it feels like it for anything up to 20 years later or more, its a real bugger for doing that. But do know nothing of you, just a guess. Good Luck  Hi first you need to get some Plan B and take it there is 72 window to take it OK. OK just in case you don't know how your cycle works it s like this. Day 1 first day of your period, day 14 is ovulation day, give or take a day, day 21 is implantation day, then on to your next period.OK Male sperm takes 3 days to reach your womb, and depending where you read it can live from 5, 7 or 10 days, so if this unprotected sex was say day 8, then yes you could get pregnant if you don't take Plan B or something like it. Does this help you? Good Luck  Hi If you're taking progestin-only pills it is crucial that you take the pill at the same time every day. Taking it three hours later than usual may make it ineffective and you will need to use a back up method for at least 48 hours. "Missing" means you forget to take your pill for 24 hours or you never take it at all. In some cases, your doctor may have been right to tell you that you're unprotected for that month, but it depends on the week and the type of pill. For combination pills (pills that have both estrogen and progestin), if you miss one pill during week one, you should use backup for at least 7 days (assuming you take the "missed" pill as soon as your remember, even if it means taking two pills at once). During weeks two, three, and four, you may not need backup if you take the pill once you remember, however this can vary by brand. At any point in your cycle, miss two or more pills and you'll probably need backup. Confused yet? It's important that you read the label on your pill very carefully and, if you're in doubt, use condoms or other back up. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, You and your problem, is the same as a lot of women have, Just google Dodson and ross, Dr Betty Dodson is an orgasm guru, she runs life class's for how to masturbate and how to orgasm, I think your find your answer there. Your also find lots of other info on all your thoughts on sex, Betty has some great art work on there, and you can also download vids for a small charge, on how to, most things to do with sex. Hope it helps you and your problem. Good Luck  Hi You need to google depo shot side effects, I think your find all your answers there, but depo shot throws up a lot of problems for some women, may be best you make this your last one, find some other form of BC. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So how long ago did you have it, they last between 3 to 5 years depending on which one you had? There effective about 99% of the time, so having unprotected sex with you guy ejaculating inside you would or should be OK But if you think you have symptoms of pregnancy, and still getting your periods, if you miss your next one then that would be the time to get a test done, either an HPT or do a test at your doctors. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Managed to find this bit of info, may help you. Chlamydia can cause scarring of the fallopian tubes, and often women don't find out until they try to start a family, and don't fall pregnant. It can also cause pelvic inflammatory disease, which is painful, and can also scar your fallopian tubes leaving you infertile permanently. It seems it can stay hidden, do hope this helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi Just a couple of questions. Do you know just where you were through your cycle? Was you past day 14? After taken Plan B did you have a short bleed? Just answer through answer this Above. PS There a 5% chance of getting pregnant when taken Plan B. If you had a short bleed this could be why your late.  Hi If this has just happened the once, just forget it, but if its a regular thing and its just after sex, then he should seek help, for some unknown reason, a small blood vessel may have broken, but if he has a break between your sexual activities, it may just heal. Good Luck  Hi A good, but you need to look at your life style your friends and anything that's a bit sexual but not intercourse, your are saying that you are a virgin? Yes. So some soul searching questions, Do you play with and use sex toys? Do you perhaps share these with girl friends? and do you play with these together? Do you bath with girl friends? Perhaps share the same bar of soap?, Do you perhaps shower with a boy friend? Again share a bar of soap? Has he touched your vagina with his penis, but not had sex? Perhaps you have had games with a boyfriend naked, has his penis touched your vagina, but not had sex. OK all of the above will give you Trichomoniasis, and that's how you can get it all with out having sex, they all seem harmful, except to the little bug that can give you it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi As you have not put much info, So is this sex being painful from dryness, if this is the problem, you could try putting your self on vitamin B6, read an article on this working, if not have you thought of some good sex lubrication, there's lots to choose from in the shops or on line. If this is your problem the rest should fall in place in the way of getting your feelings back. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi A good, but you need to look at your life style your friends and anything that's a bit sexual but not intercourse, your are saying that you are a virgin? Yes. So some soul searching questions, Do you play with and use sex toys? Do you perhaps share these with girl friends? and do you play with these together? Do you bath with girl friends? Perhaps share the same bar of soap?, Do you perhaps shower with a boy friend? Again share a bar of soap? Has he touched your vagina with his penis, but not had sex? Perhaps you have had games with a boyfriend naked, has his penis touched your vagina, but not had sex. OK all of the above will give you Trichomoniasis, and that's how you can get it all with out having sex, they all seem harmful, except to the little bug that can give you it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Seems you have done the right thing, but it could be stress causing her to be late or even missing a period, or it could that she is just missing her period, some women can do this and yes, it does cause worries. Look all two of you can do is wait. Have you thought of doing an HPT, just to see? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Unfortunately the is yes you could be pregnant, its one of those quirks of nature, But in a few days you should be able to test yourself with a test kit. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi First there some STDs and STIs that can hide, and stay that way for many years, so just keep that at the back of your mind always. you say your having pressure, but not said in what way, does it fill like your testical's are going to explode or your penis is going to explode, or is it an anal thing? You just saying pressure does give any kind of hint.  Hi, Well there are two ways you can look at this, the protection worked, and that is what you used it for! Yes Or perhaps like you say there is a chance that you could be pregnant, but its way to late to us a plan B. So do you want to get pregnant? Good Luck  Hi I think you have most of your answers, with your whole system being out of whack, but if you read up about late periods, you body can skip a beat when it comes to periods, if they stop for longer than getting to your next period, see your doctor. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Jock itch affects primarily males, although it may also be seen in females. Jock itch is easily curable in most cases and frequently resolves on its own without treatment. Jock itch is often treated with antifungal washes for the groin or creams. Resistant jock itch may require antifungal or antibiotic pills to clear. Jock itch is prevented by good skin hygiene. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, If your on any antibiotics or have been recently, this will do this, if this is something new to her. Other thing like yeast or bv, the smell would be there all the time and with a discharge. Try getting her to have warn sea salt baths after you have sex, and let the water get inside her, and not forgetting that she should urinate straight after sex, See how she gets on with these. Good Luck  Hi, One thing, by having sex during your period is good for you, it should not harm you, as long as your b/f or husband does not mind, its OK. But hope it was protected sex, if you on BC your ok if not he still needs to wear a condom, still some chance of getting pregnant. Good Luck  Hi, Do we take it that this was unprotected sex, then having unprotected sex always has the chance of pregnancy. All you can is wait and see, if you don't get your next period then that's the time for testing either HPT or your doctor. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes, it can be possible for a women to get pregnant from what you have done. Take two women, one has to have sex on the right day even the right minute to get pregnant, the next women can get pregnant from more or less an day of the month, its just our balmy nature we have. But remember male sperm is a dangerous stuff, should be handled with care, or poof your pregnant again. Good Luck  Hi See Above answer.  Hi, Hematospermia is blood in your seaman is this what you have? Well its either something or nothing, reason well a lot of guys don't really look at our sperm that often, so if your really worried, and if you have been over masturbating (could be your problem) either just take a few days break from sex and masturbating, see what happens then, or off to your doctor or uro if you have one. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If it was plan B or something like that, then things should be OK. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I would get to your doctor or gyno, I think you have a mix of both, only some tests will show the correct answer to your problem. Good Luck  Hi Joey, Your back then, cold showers could help you, but you could have a long wait, and you will have all these raging hormones rushing about your body trying to get out, the only thing would be antidepressants and these you don't need at any age. Look just live with it, or be just like other young guys and masturbate, but please just use a very light touch and some baby oil, think of all these young ladies and there body's you know and enjoy the moment. It will get you there every time. Good Luck  Hi Your find that a lot of guys who take this daily, so they take it first thing in the morning, this way its there ready when ever you want sex. Its a bit like my cock ring, wear it 24/7 ready fro sex anytime, see I to have had ED I got over mine with herbs and a hormone, most of which you may have in your kitchen, see its all down to simple things. Just google DRUGS VERSUS HERBS,HERBS MY CHOICE, its ok in not an advert, its a post of mine on www.franktalk.org its a place were guys withy ED problems can go and talk and be frank. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You mean you lasted that long, my wife had sex when I got her home, you women just cant wait, if your breast feeding, sometimes this acts like BC for some women, but what happened to the good old condom? Well its toss a coin time, and just hope it lands the right way up for you. Good Luck  Hi I think the thing to do is wait to see if your period dose come at the right time, if not then do an HPT or a pregnancy test at your doctors. Brown blood means its old blood. See how it goes. Good Luck  Hi OK this can happen it means you still have some pus inside it, the best thing is to open it with a clean needle, and get the rest of the pus out, when you done give it a good wash with sea salt water, this will help clean and heal it. Don't worry to much it happens. Good Luck  Hi, Somebody is a very silly girl then, just because he did not ejaculate, does not mean your not or could be pregnant, never heard of a condom? But you do still have a lot more stress that your carrying, the only thing you can do is wait and see, if you do miss your period, follow these bits of help. You can carry out a pregnancy test on a sample of urine from the first day of a missed period. If you're pregnant, this is about two weeks after conception. Some very sensitive pregnancy tests can be used even before you miss a period. You can do the test on urine collected at any time of the day. It doesn't have to be in the morning. Collect the urine in a clean, soap-free, well-rinsed container. Now do hope things turn out for the best, and it is just stress, the info is just help. One last thing, don't forget there is no sperm in precum or is there? Good Luck  Hi IF each pack lasts 28 days, then what you were given, should in theory last until next April/May, so how can you be short. Are you not doing the placebo week, this is not good for your body, the reason behind this is so your don't keep pushing man made progestin and estrogen into your body your body needs this break. If your want to cut down on your period try the seasonale pill, going this way it would bring your periods down to 4 a year. Doing this would be far healthier for your body, its control that way. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK Wet dreams, there just a thing that happens to some of us guys, its not a must thing to do. We get them when we have sex in our dreams and these do go to ejaculation, hence a wet dream, so if he has no sex life, then he will not know that part of life? As for his foreskin, can he pull it all the way back without any pain? if its no then he needs to start stretching it, slowly, he does this with the aid of some baby oil, it will help, using both first fingers and thumbs, he starts stretching length way and side ways, twice a day, and slowly it will stretch till he is able to pull his foreskin back without any pain, but he needs to do this so he can wash behind his foreskin as a daily thing. Doing this stretching some days you could help him, seems you know all about his foreskin. In stretching his foreskin, it wont break, but then he and you don't need to pull that hard. So circumcision , doing this will de-sensitize his gland, you can google this and you find a lot of guys are re-growing there foreskins, this is done by stretching it back to the way it should be, doing this brings back sensations to there gland. Dose your b/f masturbate? if not its about time he did, if you know how show him, this and the stretching of the foreskin should start to give him pleasure through his gland. Do hope all this helps you both. Good Luck  Hi Just looked at the picture, it looks just like pus. Good Luck  Hi Sweeteye's, OK follow what's below. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Ever heard of condoms, safe sex, birth control being the pill, then come here and ask if I'm pregnant, or what's the chances, there is every chance you can get pregnant if you don't just follow safe sex. Just remember some women can get pregnant from any day of the month, even having unprotected sex during there periods, and some need to be the right day and even down to the right second to get pregnant, its a whole minefield out there. For you give it a week then get a home test kit, and see. Good Luck  Hi Plan B has a 72 hour window, this you have missed, so for you its a waiting game, till your next period, if it dose not come then that would be the time to get tested, either HPT or your doctor. That would be the time to think of what you want to do next? Good Luck  Hi Even though you may not have been openly thinking about what was coming, deeper you probably was, so its just been a slow build up of stress, stress is a great sex killer, I would wait till you get over you tests first. See how things go from then way before you start labelling your self with ED, look have a think about this. Are you still getting nocturnal erections or morning woods, if the answer is yes then you just normal, the rest is just stress, and of course you may be having some anxiety, put the stress and anxiety together, now you have double barrel problem for a low libido. But just relax, get over your tests and exams, then see if you can get it on with a women, and have a good let go of all your pass troubles. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I found this nice piece of info that may help. Missed menstrual periods . About 2 out of 10 women stop having periods after 1 year of Mirena use. Your periods come back when Mirena is removed. If you do not have a period for 6 weeks during Mirena use, contact your healthcare provider to rule out pregnancy. Its from this site, http://www.thestayathomefeminist.com/2012/04/21/the-case-of-the-tiny-little-iud-vs-natural-urban-mama/ Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Do you mean that you could be the daddy, then yes, as long as you have been her only man, if so then yes, its about the right time for a PT to show and say yes. Good Luck Daddy  Hi, It is strongly advised that you do not have any sexual intercourse, including vaginal, anal or oral sex, until you and a partner have both finished the treatment and any follow-up treatment. This is to help prevent you being reinfected or passing the infection on to someone else, and its best to wait 7 days before having sex. So was you are your partner tested or just you, if not there is a very good chance of re-infecting. Hope this helps you. Good Luck PS so being on day 5 was not that good.  Hi, It is strongly advised that you do not have any sexual intercourse, including vaginal, anal or oral sex, until you and a partner have both finished the treatment and any follow-up treatment. This is to help prevent you being reinfected or passing the infection on to someone else, and its best to wait 7 days before having sex. So was you are your partner tested or just you, if not there is a very good chance of re-infecting. Hope this helps you. Good Luck PS so being on day 5 was not that good.  Hi Why should us men have all the fun thinking about sex, they say women think about sex just the same as men do, I your lonely then you will think about sex more often, its your brain telling you that your body is missing something. If you think you not getting enough try masturbating, if you have troubles with that or shy to, don't worry help is at hand, just google dodson and ross. Dr Betty Dodson is a guru for women and masturbating and how to orgasm, she runs life class's on both for all ages, or you can download for a small charge vids on all ways of doing that, if not there is loads to read on site. Sex is for all ages and thinking about it, its these thoughts that keep us going. Do hope this helps Good Luck  Hi The thing with depo shot is that its for birth control, so if you have been on it long enough, you should be OK If your going with more than one guy make sure they wear condoms, you may not be able to get pregnant, but there are still STIs and STDs. Good Luck PS did you read up about the, side effects of depo shot, in not just google that last bit, does not make good reading.  Hi O the joys of a J Arthur, one of the wrist, spank the monkey, bash the bishop, yes these all mean to masturbate, with the pleasure of ones own penis. Its something we don't did to do, but if your feeling horny, and your wife, g/f are not around then being men we just did it, don't put it off don't try and hold back from it, its not dirty and don't be ashamed, but it will make you fell relaxed. Its something you can do in the shower, the bath, in the car(but not why your driving or why taken a walk in the country. As men do we need it, your read at some point that some men can go through there whole life, and say never done that! But doing it is good for our prostate, keeps our system ticking over till we do need it, so yes, in one way we do need to masturbate, why our body's need it, so for that just once or twice a week will not hurt you. But don't forget, don't use a tight grip, it needs to be feather light just like the feel of the vagina, and use some oil, just baby oil will do or some olive oil if your in the kitchen, shower gel when in the shower, gives that extra clean, same in the bath, or just a bar of soap, it all helps. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi F, Well it seems you have done the right thing by using condoms, the only way the fail is dryness, as long as you g/f is a lucky lady and stays wet you should be OK, and she's on the BC pill as well, double protestion then, so cant see why your so worried then. If she miss's her period, then is the time to worry, but if she does miss her period you the do HPT, and hope it does not turn blue. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes, try masturbating around 3 times a week, this will help clear the sperms out of your system quicker, don't worry masturbating is quite a natural thing for a man to d, or just have sex more often or get the wife to masturbate you or if your wife is into oral sex will help. The more you do these things the quicker you get your all clear. Good Luck  Hi, Is this your g/f or a street hooker? if its a hooker, then don't od it, if its your g/f and you have been with her for sometime and know a lot about her, and if she has been sexually active with other men, if not and your the only one, things are good then, then time to put your worries away and go for it. Most women get good orgasms from oral sex, once you get the hang of it, but if like a lot of men sometimes we break the small piece of skin behind out tongue's, its ok we all do it, its just gets a little sore, dose not mean you have an STD. Hope all the info helps. Good Luck  Hi You say your losing your manhood, do you mean your having ED problems, or do you mean that your penis is getting shorter? OK lets take the second one first, If its for some unknown reason getting shorter, you could try jelqing, this is a PE exercise to help you regain your lose, stay with it even longer, it will get longer and thicker, for this go to www.pegym.com just remember that's its not a quick fix, it will take time, but if you respect your penis, need I say more. But I will give a warning, these exercises have rules, quite simple rules if you don't stick to what your told to do, and push or rush the exercises, you could end up with ED, so we don't want that, do we. But please give the site the once over, have a look at the photos, of the guys and there gains. read stuff that's on the forums, your find its an OK thing to do. Ok if you have some kind of ED, its OK so have I, got over mine by herbs and a hormone, read these posts, just google the titles, DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE, DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE, DAILY INTAKE, NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS, NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED, PART 2. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If she says she finished with him? easy just take her phone away from her and throw it down the toilet, and tell her she cant have a new one. S**t or bust. Good Luck  Hi Well if he went back in the second time after ejaculating, then there would have been sperm in is urethra, and bingo you could now pregnant, if you have missed your period? then get a test done either an HPT or at your doctors. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You say counselling was a no go? why, would he not go? did you go? even if it was to seek help on your own. Can you be sure of his cheating? Perhaps he's gone of foreplay, I think you need to sit down together and have a long talk, ask him why he's off foreplay, ask him why he's change his way of having sex? You do have to admit we do change as we get older, some of us get hornier and some of us go of the boil, so to say, perhaps that's him. Have you changed anything about your self that would upset him and now put him off sex, as you knew it? Does anything here ring bells. Good Luck  Hi Is this just from one position, or from all positions?  Hi, Was this the first time or have you had this for sometime, have you seen sperm in your urine, if so you may be get retrograde ejectulations, this is were you sperm goes into your bladder. Cant think if there is an answer to your problem, but will come back to you.  Hi, OK do you know if you get nocturnal erection or morning woods that stay hard? Do you have any stress? are you trying to hard when it comes to being sexy? Since you have had this problem, have you tried getting into bed both naked, and taken it from there, by doing this are you getting erections then? At 18 you should be erect from the time she's taken her cloths off, if not you should be, your testosterone levels should be good. The only other thing would be to get a blood test, get your testosterone checked out, and take it from there. Do hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi Well its either off to your doctor, or if you have one near, try a STD/GUM Clinic, if you have one near could be your best bet, there staff will be very helpful, but as I'm from the UK and live in Greece so know nothing about charges. But please seek some good help. Good Luck  Hi You will have to wait to see if you miss your next period, if you do then get tested, its just a waiting game. But for me your app could be a tage out, ovulation day shoud be around 14 days after the first day of your period give or take the odd days, and you b/f would have needed to have had sex around 2 to 3 days before that, its takes our men 3 days to reach your egg. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi I thought you had to wait 6 weeks before having sex for any vaginal operation. So for your own good go, go and get looked at. Good Luck  Hi You do have an odd problem, suggest you try going on a course of vitamin B 6 for a month see how it goes, if it works just stay on it, as for being wet the next day, try having sex then, just my way of thinking, or have you tried that one. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The first thing I hope you now have it out, if not get it out ASAP. Or this can cause a deadly staphylococcus infection call toxic shock. If you wants to, you can take three full caps of oregano oil three times a day. This helped me with a mild staph infection. His piece of info may help you find it if you cant. In order to retrieve a lost tampon: 1. Thoroughly wash your hands. This prevents introducing outside bacteria into the vagina. Ideally, the woman would also have short nails, and no open cuts on her fingers. 2. Remove any tampons that still have a string hanging out. 3. Bear down. Sit on the toilet. Grab a wastepaper basket or something that is about 12 inches high. Put the feet up on it. Bear down like when having a bowel movement or pushing out a baby. This can push the tampon down. 3. Then gently insert one finger inside yourself. Use a mirror at first, if there is trouble finding the opening. Most women start with the index finger, but she should use the middle if she cannot reach very far in. 4. Reach in as far as possible. A woman knows she has reached the end of the vagina when she feels her cervix. The cervix is a cartilaginous tissue that feels like the tip of the nose. A woman can push in slightly, so that her knuckle tents the tissue of the vulva a bit, without causing discomfort or damage. She can bear down at the same time. 5. Sweep. Make a circular and back and forth motions with the finger. The cevix is like an upside down bowl at the end of the tube (vagina). The vagina is like a tube around the edge. Try to sweep the space between the rim of the bowl (cervix) and the start of the tube (vagina). This is where crammed in tampons tend to get stuck. More get stuck towards the edge nearest the back. 5. Finding One. If your finger runs into a tampon, come out. Insert two fingers (ones next to each other, of course) and trap the tampon between them. Its from, http://www.estronaut.com/a/lost_tampon.htm OK Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS Also have a sea salt warm bath for a couple of days and let the water get inside your vagina, seaz salt is very good for the vagina, for more info just google Sea salt and the vagina.  Hi, If we have open marriage's, were sex is talked about openly and not being afraid to be seen naked by the children, this will all help with there sexual upbringing, openness always works best. But I would draw the line at letting your children and teenagers watch you have sex. But kids will learn from there mates, just like we did, and so will there children, being a youngster is a big learning curve, with sex thrown in. Life is just one big education, we don't stop till we die, but then we should not stop having sex till we die. Good Luck  Hi, If you have had oral sex before with the same partner, and no problems, then I would think its the cats fault, stop having oral sex with the cat? Good Luck    Hi, Have you thought of finding (natural ways out of sexual addiction) now this last bit in brackets you can google, you may find the help you need without drugs, If your penis is still leaking precum, this could be down to a weak, penis neck muscle, kegels could help this the tighten up, its just a very simple exercise, if you go to www,pegym.com and look under exercises, on here your find some info on how to do them. Do hope this works for you. Good Luck  H Danielle, Its a simple thing, you just take one pill the same time every day, so your saying this simple thing that protects you from getting pregnant you cant do. The only thing you can do now is stop taken them, use condoms for sex, and see if your next period starts, hopefully, if not go get a PT at your doctor, and take from there to either keep it or get rid of it. Don't let people pressure you, end of the day its your body, your mind. go your way. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi For some women it has to be in the fertile days of the month, for others it can be anytime of the month, even having sex during there periods, and pre cum can have male eggs in it. When your having unprotected sex, its a mine field, lots of danger, please be careful, what ever your doing do it safe, either get on BC or use a condom. Good Luck  Hi Could be your holding back with it, and it get stuck, so when you relax out it comes, just try relaxing more during sex, this could help. If not go to www.dodsnandross.com post to Dr Betty Dodson, she's the guru of orgasms, this question she would love to answer, and she dose. She is also the queen of masturbation, she runs life class's or both how to orgasm and masturbation. You should find some help. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do it get a test kit, men's sperm is dangerous stuff and should not be played with near a vagina, you must remember this is the place its looking for, and wants to get there, next time, if there is a next time, just make him wear a condom, our get yourself some BC protection. Good Luck  Hi I think your getting these problems from orgasms, orgasm included release of prostaglandins that could explain the cramps and increased bowel activity. You must be getting some real good sexual dreams, and very deep. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Did a read up on my stuff, unless your not trying to father a child, you may find its best left alone. Or you could try doing kegels, its a very simple exercise that will strengthen your muscles up, pelvic floor and the neck of your penis, get this working and this may help your problem. For the exercise just google pegym, on there just look under exercises, your find them there. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Did you wash either before you both had sex, and did you go and wash your penis afterwards? if not then these things will happen. So if this was your first time, these little irritations will happen, did your g/f also get some kind of itch, its because your bodys are getting something that there never had before, so this means you did not use a condom then, not a good way to start a sex life, if she gets pregnant are you going to stand by her. Just give it a few days it will go on its own, just keep it clean. Good Luck  Hi Just don't, always remember safe sex is best at your age, otherwise you heading for trouble in a big way, wait till you find the right guy, then with the help of BC you can start riding bare back. Till then think condoms, every time, silly poem When ever you want a rat a tat, tat, tat, be sure to wear a mac. Good Luck  Hi Sorry just seen the typo its, www,dodsonandross.com Good Luck  Hi But just what do you think you have, STI, or an STD, look if you don't wont to go over it on line, please just get to an STD/GUM Clinic, get tested for what ever, and the staff will put you straight on what you think you have. Good Luck  Hi Even though your 48, I do hope you still practice safe sex? But for you I would go see a doctor, could be you time for the menopause, it about the right time. Good Luck Keep up your sexual side, very good for you.  Hi, Unfortunately the answer is yes, some women can get pregnant even before there period and any other time, were as some other women its needs to be the right day, hour or even minute to get pregnant, so its either stick with it and get tested, or find the other way out of it. How does your boyfriend fill, dose he give you a funny look if you hum the wedding march, do you feel like be coming a mum yet, if not it would be best to seek an abortion then, save all the problems. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, The answer could be yes, it works like this, some women can only get pregnant on the two fertile days of the month, for others anytime, even having unprotected sex during there period, If you don't want to get pregnant then get on BC or use condoms. Good Luck  Hi This sex was it protected or unprotected? are you not on BC? and do you want to get pregnant? Are you having any signs of pregnancy, usual things, cramps, back ache, breast swelling or some small bleeding? Or it could be just a missed period. But have you done an HPT or been to your doctors yet for a test, this would help. Hope something here helps. Good luck  Hi So what was it for, if it was just for something minor then I cant see why your so worried? If having sex gave you no pain, and you was not sore, again why so worried then? Hope this helps a bit. Good Luck  Hi, try giving your penis a warm sea salt soak twice a day, this will hep clean and heal you wound, but try to give the erections a break till it heals this includes laying of sex for a couple of weeks, but lay of the ointment, greasy thing's are not good under the foreskin for healing cuts, try and keep it dry, when its healed give a massage with some aloe vera gel twice a day, this will help as well. Good Luck  Hi This sounds like lake of washing, the problem if you don't start washing will only get worst, I would get to a doctor, ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Yes you cam get pregnant, and you can go to plan B, its a morning after pill, but don't know how this would mix with you being on your period though. Good luck  Hi its a common thing amongst women, is this blood around day 14 of your cycle? if so that's ovulation day, some women do get some bleeding then. But if your concerned try seeing your doctor or gyno, to seek more help and answers. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Although NSU is usually a sexually transmitted condition, it can sometimes be the result of chemical irritation from hygiene products like strong shower gels and deodorants. Similar symptoms can occur if you consume a lot of caffeine or alcohol. Some men even get symptoms of urethral inflammation without having had recent sexual activity. Kidney and bladder stones can sometimes trigger NSU. It is important to remember that urethral inflammation is more often than not a sign of recent infection because of a recent change in sexual partner. Remember, Chlamydia is the most common cause. I did find this but it should really help you to find out just were its coming from, but I would get an STI/STD test done, try as STD/GUM Clinic, the staff are really helpful with these problems. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Both stress and depression are sex killers, even worst if your on meds. But if you google natural ways out of depression, your find lots of ways that might help so you can come of the drugs, if you want to go that way, your find that you can do this with meditation as well. Do hope this helps to you getting your sex life back. Good Luck  Hi I think your husband should start doing what your doing with baby, this should show why your off sex at the moment, its bringing up baby that's the problem, its draining you, the last thing you want to think about is sex. But there is your answer the more both men and women think about sex the more we want it. But then us men are always thinking about sex, they say, but you may find the more you can think about what you would like to do with your husband in bed, then things should start to get better for you both. Try reading sexy novels, women love the written sex, as men love pictures. try that. Good Luck  Hi Though the people who get this wont shout about it, but seems it quite a common thing in both sex's, this should help explain it a bit more. Orgasm is an complex process and involves release of numerous chemical mediators like Dopamine Bradykinin, Prostaglandins etc. These mediators can in some induce symptoms like nausea, vomiting, headache, muscle pains etc. Medications which suppress the action of these mediators will surely prevent such symptoms. Medication like Metoclopramide will reduce the nausea and vomiting . Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi There is a little exercise called edging, very good for you problem. for info on this just google prgym, look under exercises, this is not a quick fix, once you get this working you may just need to do it a couple of times a week to keep it working. Good Luck  Hi The main thing would be are you receiving or giving? If its the first, just lay back and enjoy it till the pain goes away. If its the second just lay and let her enjoy herself till the pain goes away. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, In what way have you got sick, as in throwing up, or soreness. Please can you ne more specific. Please come back  Hi Well taken ECP or Plan B, should get you out of your problem. Look as men we love nothing better than riding bare back, ok its great, its how sex should be done, but as you have now found out the hard way, our sperm gives big problems that why condoms were made, and BC was the big success it is. So if this is the way you want to go ahead then get your g/f or some kind of birth control, the pill, the ring or the cap, but if she thinks of depo shot, do have a good read about the side effects first, just google depo shot side effects, lots to read. Do hope you have some help here. Good Luck  Hi, It would probable be best to get some blood works done for your hormones when this starts, then they should be able to get a fix on your problem, sounds like there just getting a bit mixed up and out of whack. Good Luck  Hi Don't think the two are related, could be ED slowly coming on, the problem is that there are lots of factors leading up to this giving you this problem. Like low testosterone along with high testosterone, low libido, watching porn and masturbating to it, even just over masturbating, I mean more than once a day, to little sleep, performance anxiety, high cholesterol, diabetes and its meds, depression and its meds, stress and its meds, anxiety and its meds, anger, middle aged spread, self image, your health. Add into this fast and junk foods and to much alcohol, all this gives you quite a jungle to work through. So go get a blood test for you testosterone and cholesterol as this would be a good place to start, but please keep at the back of your mind the ED can affect men at any age. Will add here high testosterone, if its over the top, works just the same as low testosterone. hence e lose of erections. OK I have had ED did the Viagra bit, bad side effects, and the other thing is you need to take it an hour before sex, sounds ok tell the wife says I don't fancy it now So I did my own research, and now on a daily course of herbs and a hormone, and its been working for me over the last two years and will add with the aide of a very good cock ring, which I can wear all day, this way it keep the motor running, like a boy scout be prepared, will also add in that ED jokes us, can have good sex 3 to 4 days, then go flat for 4 days. Now if you want to try what I'm on just go to www.franktalk.org and under general discussions look for these titles DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE, same again, but add, DAILY INTAKE, and NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS. OK now I believe that good erections come from good blood, so most of what take works that way, apart from the hormone, Now end of the day its your call to which way you go. Good Luck  Hi If your dates are right then you could be, but you must add in that it takes 3 days for male sperm to reach your womb, and that fertile days can be a couple of days either way, you have to remember your body is not a clock. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Low sex drive can come from all sorts of things, try these and see if your in there. To little sleep. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Meds can have some real bad effects, and give you ED. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Middle aged spread. Self image. Low libido. Low testosterone. Very high testosterone. Your health. To have a good sex live we need good blood and a good flow, we need to eat a healthy diet, we need to get out and exercise. Try getting tested, a good health check up, see if there's anything wrong and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi, Have you thought of have a pregnancy test, this would clear your mind of one thing. Do we take that this a is a vaginal discharge, if there's a smell as well could be BV, one more thing to get tested for. OK if your not a lover of antibiotics, you can use sea salt or boric acid for BV, just google bv and sea salt or bv and boric acid for more info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Like my other answer its retrograde ejaculation, from your prostatitis. Something bthat may heklp you out of your problem is TUNA, sorry not the fish, just read through these links. http://www.johnshopkinshealthalerts.com/reports/prostate_disorders/140-1.html http://www.mayoclinic.org/tests-procedures/tuna/basics/definition/prc-20020196 http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/449477-overview Just copy each link one at a time into google to open and read. I do know somebody who ahs had it done, thinks its really great to have had done, back in the saddle again and 78. Hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Have found a very good link for you, your find it very interesting. Good Luck http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/sex-orgasms-and-headaches  Hi So from what your saying your trying to get pregnant? Then you need to have unprotected sex around two days before your ovulation day. OK your futile for two days and it takes male sperm three days to reach your egg, see it all down to timing for some women, and others can get pregnant from anytime of the month. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, If you google dodson and ross, its a great site for sex answers, and this could be that your sex receptors need reawakening, for women reading about sex is a great way for them to get in the mood, so on dodson and ross, its like everything you ever wanted to know about sex and was afraid to ask, well its all there and more. If not see if you can find old mags called Forum, these go back to the late 60s, but don't worry sex is sex, if you can find them have a good read, and like some couples did, read them in bed together, could turn you both on together. Dr Betty Dodson, she is a bit of a sex guru, she runs life class's, for women on how to masturbate and orgasm, some one I know says she is a real gem. Good Luck  Hi Its purely from a sexual partner, no other way to get it. But please read this link from WebMD it should help. The Link, http://www.webmd.com/sexual-conditions/guide/trichomoniasis Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Janette, If you play with fire you will get burnt, yes, well if you have sex with a guy without any kind of BC then at sometime you will get pregnant, and that's even if he pulls out, as there is a good chance that he could have sperm in his pre-cum, all you can do now is wait to see if you get your next period. If its a missed one you do a HPT on your first missed day, but you cant get pregnant from sperm on your underwear. You will have to see how things span out, if your not pregnant then get some kind of BC, and you should always carry condoms, may not what he wants but safer than bare back riding. Why did you not think of Plan B on Saturday, would have got rid of your worries. Do hope there is some help here. Good Luck  Hi, You could be in some kind of latex shock, except they say there is not one, but for the swelling, use some crushed ice in a bag, just keep it on your vagina for 20 minutes, at a time, this should reduce your swelling. And next time you have sex get yourself some latex free condoms. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your just find its a skipped period, your have put some stress on your body for the last month, with Ramadan, so just sit back and wait, you should find things fall back into place and your body will be ok, and getting pregnant will be no problem. Hope this eases your mind, just enjoy the rest of your celebrations. Good Luck  Hi I think your find your problems go hand in with one an other, and not the Betnovate. Perhaps once things get back to normal your ED will go? Probably not what you want to here. Good Luck  Hi, Well it seems you have done all the right things, as long as you washed straight or soon after, it seems that you should not have any problems. Do we take you b/f washed his pubic area, before he had sex as well, was he shaved? Sounds like you have nothing to worry about then, bur if you still have underlying worries just go get a test at an STD/GUM Clinic. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Ok first sex has to be enjoyable, and the enjoyment is a two way thing, if its hurting then stop and see just were your going wrong. If its hurting stopping for a couple of weeks or longer will only make things worst in the long run, meaning that you will shy away from it even more, people say just putting oil or cream on it will do the trick, there's more to it than that, when your making love/having sex, lots of foreplay really is a big need, you or your husband should not be looking for wham bam thank you mam, it really needs to go far deeper than that. Laying off sex will reduce the size of your vagina, not total shrinkage, but it will get smaller, making sex even harder for you both. If foreplay is not getting you both there in bringing your natural juices out, then that's the time to bring in sex oils, I think oils is the best way to go. Or you could try putting your self on vitamin B6, its said to do wonders for keeping the female juices running for most of the cycle. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Here's a link from WebMD it should cover your question and give you all the answers. Good Luck The Link, http://www.webmd.com/menopause/low-dose-vaginal-estrogen-for-dryness-and-atrophy  Hi Go see your doctor, he/she may put you on the BC pill to get you back on a regular pattern, but this would also save you keep taken the plan B pill which is giving you this problem, the BC pill sits well with PCOS, so that should give you no problems. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sorry to ask this but how old are you, it would help.  Hi try this as an answer, Symptoms vs. exposure time : Symptoms may stay dormant for 10 years or more I got this piece of info from here on webmd. Heres the link, http://women.webmd.com/features/could-you-have-std-not-know?page=3 Hope this answer your question and helps. Good Luck  Hi, Well you either have a problem that you should see your doctor/gyno about, or its just a small hi-up in you cycle, so its either to the doctor/gyno, or wait and see how it progress's. Good Luck  Hi, You say you both watch porn together, so just how much porn is he watching on his own? And do you know if he is masturbating to it why he watch's porn? If so this could be his downfall, if this last bit is correct, then he has porn induced ED, porn induced ED kills men's sex lives. Now if this is his problem there is help for him. Please come back if you think he needs help. Good Luck  Hi Found this piece of info.  Hi So if you had unprotected sex 2 months ago, have you missed a period yet, may sound silly but some women do go through there pregnancy having periods, so it could be hard to tell that way. But if you not feeling Mumsy I would say your OK after the tests you have had. Good Luck  Hi Dear chap, You should find that missing just one pill is not as bad as you think, but she did double up, she should be ok, and so should you. Look if so worried about her getting pregnant, keep her on the pill as this does regulate her periods, and you wear condoms, its called being double safe, chuck in some spermicide your be on triple protection. Doohope this calms the nerves. Good Luck  Hi As your result come back negative, I would say, time for you to get back in the game, and move on. Good Luck  Hi, anyone at anytime can go and get tested for an STD, its just a simple blood test, to cover all STDs, even if you have never had sex. Its that simple, but both of you batter go. Do hope this helps. Good Luck, have a nice Xmas  Hi If your next period does not happen then do it then. Good Luck  Hi Your HCG will only rise after implantation has happened, so that's that one out of the way. The reason for no period symptoms could its just a skipped period, it happens to lots of women, sometimes at the wrong time, as with you now. one more out of the way. If your cycle is a 28 day cycle, so day one first day of your period? yes, ok then day 14 give or take a day, is ovulation day, now you need to have unprotected sex 4 days before this, reason it takes sperm 3 days to reach your womb and can live the for 5,7 or 10 days max, this means its sitting there just waiting for you egg. Get this working you should get pregnant, but no matter what length your period is, its always day 14. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, From what your saying, your period could be a couple more days away as ovulation day is around day 14, and your saying that was around 11 days ago if your cycle is 28 days, so means a coup[le more days yet. But with what your saying I would see your doctor or if you have one your gyno, sounds like something is going on that should not be. Good Luck  Hi This is part of an answer from Harvard Health, on WebMD. Some pessaries, for example the ring type, may be left in place during sexual intercourse, as long it causes no discomfort to either partner. Other pessaries are bulky and must be removed for sex. Women should be instructed in all aspects of care and be encouraged to ask questions for managing their unique circumstances for successful use of a pessary. But leave it in or take it, personal preference, you call. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Could be just a skipped period, but if you that worried then do a HPT or get a test at your doctors, this way you will know for sure. Its called piece of mind. Good Luck  Hi Try having a look on www.dodsonandross.com you may find some info on there, or post6 to DR Betty Dodson she may have something up her sleeve to help you, but without full vaginal intercourse, its down to oral, mutual masturbating or anal sex, your find all the info you need for all 3 on Dodson and ross site, lots on info on the sex, your find quite interesting, lots to read. Do hope this helps you and your man, your find its a long and bumpy road, marriage that is, but getting sex right, your there. Good Luck to you both.  Hi Once it has reached the womb, 3 days, it can live for up to 7 days max. What she needs to do if she keeps a diary with her period dates in, work from that, day one is the first day of her cycle, day 14 is ovulation day( give or take a day) up to when her period day starts again, so who ever it was she can work it out from that. Do hope this helps her and you. Good Luck  Hi, So is for urinary tract infection or chlamydia, but you should wait 7 days before sex. Good Luck  Hi Well if as you say have not had sex, and is this since you come off the pill? then if so it you could be having just a skipped period, it happens. But if you need to have sex till it restarts then there are condoms, just buy a packet, and when your period restarts get back on the BC pill, and always make sure you have the next pack way before you need it, or should say packs, always try to keep a couple of months in front. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You find its best to snuggle, and share the moment. Good Luck  Hi It would be so nice to have just a bit more info, like your age? your sex? are you on any meds? are you healthy? sleep well? do you exercise? All these things would tell a better story, so to help better.  Hi So your now aroused like you've never been before, you say your masturbating, is this with your fingers? a dildo? or is it a vibrator? are your getting sex along with your masturbating, really need some answer to be able to help. But there is a very good site were you can do lots of reading, which through some light on your problem, I don't think its so much a problem, its more like an itch that you cant scratch, so go to www,dodsonandross.com and see what you can find, if not post to Dr Betty Dodson, I sure she may be able to put a finger on it for you. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do is go get a test done at your doctors, see how it goes from there. Depending on how long you have been on depo shot, sometimes if its long term it can take up to 2 years to get pregnant, outside chance, but do get a proper test done. Good Luck  Hi First you really need to read the side effects of depo shot, there not good, for this just google depo shot side effects, as for trying to get pregnant, you should weight till your cycles get regular again, this may take some time after depo shot. Good Luck  Hi Around 4 weeks, and don't for get some STDs can hide from tests. Good Luck  Hi Well if any sperm did get through to your womb that would take 3 days, it would only live for 7 to 10 days and your ovulation day would have been around 14 days later after the first day of your period, so yes they could have meet, but its a big outside chance, as there would have only have been very few sperms, and they would have had a long way to go. Have you thought its just a skipped period, if you have been stressing over this that could be a good reason, exercise a lot, been on a diet or taken any meds, these all good reason why its skipped. If you and your b/f are becoming so sexually active, why are you no on some kind of BC either the pill, the cap. the ring or IUD these arer just some, but please keep away from depo shot, to many side effects, and not forgetting the good old condom. Best to be safe than sorry. But you have missed you last period and sound worried, why not go get a test done either HPT or at your doctors. Do Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Around 4 weeks, and don't forget some STDs hide. Good Luck  Hi Carol, Perhaps you need some good sex to get a release, sounds like you in need of some orgasms. This pain the feels like you need to go could also be a build up of a female ejaculation or squirting, but be careful if you let this go, put a towel under you first, its something a lot of women cant do, but from reading about for some not as good as an orgasm. Perhaps if you did, that the pain may just go away, as you would be releasing the pressure. Hope you understand this, and hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi Could you expand this a bit more, and from where is the odour coming from? Just use, answer this, above  Hi I have been trying to do some research for you and your dryness problem, But the only real info that I can find just says have a problem then see your doctor. The thing would be how far down the track are you with treatment, and weather you can come of it or be weaned of it slowly. Look if you read up about this, its using baby oil for sex, you will find its a big no,no, as it can give yeast infections, but the thing is this, me and my wife have used baby oil for just to many years, and she has never had a problem with it, and sometimes was used daily, and never had one single problem. Now we think we have used baby oil since the mid 80s which is around something like 28 to 30 years, and that's a lot of baby oil. So all I can say is try it if you get a problem stop, if your ok carry on. I do hope this helps you and your problem. Good Luck  Hi Not Knowing if your male or female, as your question could be for both sex's, just try cutting it out for a few weeks, then come back slowly and see how you get on, this would depend on just how much sex and masturbating your doing, to how long you take that break. Se how you get on. Good Luck  Hi Confused, if your on the pill why would you think your pregnant? The oops do you mean that you had a condom break? So if your on the pill why would you freak out then? If your on the pill then you would not have to come off your antidepressant's, If your worried about your meds and coming of them, google natural ways out of depression, lots of ways you can try, and all without drugs. One last thing you say the pill I do hope we were talking about birth control? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, So when was this?  Hi Just in case your a women, google these two, chlamydia and sea salt. chlamydia and boric acid, both of these could be a help to you, and if your afraid of taken to many antibiotics, then these could you. Good Luck  Hi Yes it was wise thing to do, but if you do miss the odd pill, you should still be covered, when you get the chance have a read up about BC pills and the way they react in your body. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Its a bit hard to take a stab at just what it could be, its a very visual thing, I would have been at the doctors two weeks ago, so doctors or ER ASAP. Just remember that as men we only get one penis, and it has to last a life time, please treasure it. Good Luck  Hi Google depo shot side effects, and when you've gone wow, or some other degrading word, you may come off it, it can give some women some very bad side effects. Put it this way, I would not let my daughter go on it. Good Luck  Hi, See answer above.  Hi If like my wife, you keep a diary of you periods as a way of tracking them, from this you can work out things, like when your last period was, and from this when it should have been. OK so far, if your is just a 28 day period, then about day 14 this would have been your last ovulation day, give or take a day, so if you had sex around two or 3 days before that date, bingo you can now put your finger on who's the daddy. Good Luck  Hi See if this can help you to get over your problem. The medical name for absent or missing periods is amenorrhoea. Hypothalamic amenorrhoea  where the part of the brain that regulates the menstrual cycle stops working properly (it's thought to be triggered by excessive exercise, weight loss and stress. Hyperprolactinemia  where a person has abnormally high levels of a hormone called prolactin in their blood. The ovaries stopping working properly (ovarian failure), even though the woman has not yet gone through the menopause. Hormonal conditions such as having an overactive thyroid or an underactive thyroid. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Could be just a hic-cup in your period, or you could be pregnant, have you thought of doing an HPT, or doing a test at your doctors. So your having sex then, one thing and you on BC, if so it could be the hormones getting mixed up. Again you say your having sex then if your not on BC hope your using condoms or are you trying to get pregnant? Hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi Could be just a hic-cup in your period, or you could be pregnant, have you thought of doing an HPT, or doing a test at your doctors. So your having sex then, one thing and you on BC, if so it could be the hormones getting mixed up. Again you say your having sex then if your not on BC hope your using condoms or are you trying to get pregnant? Hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi Its the re-asserting his penis after ejaculating, this could be your problem, he would still have had sperm inside his urethra, it would not have been a full ejaculation, but sometimes it dose not take to much sperm to get pregnant. The only thing you can do is wait, see what happens when you get your next period or not I should have said, if you get no period, then do either an HPT or get to your doctor and have a test done there. Hope this helps you in some way. Good Luck  Hi I think you find its just air, inside you vagina, it gets compressed and pop it goes, I think you find its called a fanny fart, Good Luck  Hi, You need something to lift your libido, have you had your testosterone levels checked, its just a blood test, that would give you one Idea on how your doing. Google these two title's, its a lists I put together for ED. NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED, PART 2 There some libido boosters amongst them, just read the links, some of may just help. One last thing are you on any meds, some side effects of antidepressants, statins for high cholesterol, diabetes drugs and a whole host of other things that can kill our sex lives, alcohol, stress, smoking, self image, being over weight, low testosterone as well as high testosterone, this gives overkill, anger and your general health. Do hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi here's a couple of WebMD links all about HIV, perhaps these will help you calm down and take life easier. http://www.webmd.com/hiv-aids/top-10-myths-misconceptions-about-hiv-aids?ecd=wnl_men_080913&ctr=wnl-men-080913_ld-stry&mb = http://www.webmd.com/hiv-aids/hiv-aids-screening?ecd=wnl_sxr_110613&ctr=wnl-sxr-110613_ld-stry&mb=AiZ3RfN65C9lS2Qn07evdGdEpmNqbUHLQUw2JJuNBSw%3d Do hope these help. Good Luck  Hi, OK its toss a coin time, some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month, and that's a fact. Ok sperm in pre-cum, this would depend on if he ejaculated some time before and had not urinated, which would have left sperm in the urethra, its the only way you could have got some of his sperm. So with that little bit of info, does it help. Do hope it helps you and your guy. Good L:uck  Hi Very slight, and you also have to take into account the it takes 3 days for male sperm to reach the egg, and a female egg is only fertile for 2 days. So if the day was her ovulation day, then any sperm would be a day late in getting there. And why did you not think of Plan B as a back up plan? Does this help. Good Luck  Hi Very slight, and you also have to take into account the it takes 3 days for male sperm to reach the egg, and a female egg is only fertile for 2 days. So if the day was her ovulation day, then any sperm would be a day late in getting there. And why did you not think of Plan B as a back up plan? Does this help. Good Luck  Hi Yes it is, its from all the pleasure its been getting and from having orgasms, when this happens it means you have been having some good sex, and lots of foreplay. Its like you body saying thank you. Just enjoy your sex life, its very good for you. Good Luck  Hi, I would take a pretty good guess at porn induced ED, meaning as he has watched porn so long he now cant get an erection, its switched off his sexual receptors in his brain. You need to sit down with him, and tell him if he wants a real sex life, then he must give up porn, you need to get to switch off all his porn sites, get rid of any down loads, and through away any discs, then you must install a parental porn switch with pass word that only you know. He then starts an 8 week break from masturbating and any sexual contact with you, this is a start to rebooting his body, but depending on how long he has been doing it, but when he starts getting his nocturnal erections and his morning woods back then he will know he's on the mend. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, As you have not said, have you changed partners since your C-section, and is your new partner on the larger size, penis wise, or has your partner been doing some PE exercises, so he now has a longer and larger penis, apart from that cant think why this is happening. So suggest just get off to your gyno, let him do some tests. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Was this last sex a rough,. do you think you may have a small tear somewhere around the opening of you vagina? or around your urethra opening, this could account for the stinging when you urinate. As for the light headedness, had you just sat up quick? it can do that to you. Try this, it will help with this tear you may have, its a warm sea salt wash do this twice a day, it will help heal and clean the tear, just put half a handful of sea salt in your wash bowel, and give your vagina a wash with it, just see how it goes for a few days Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, To get your power back and your ejaculating is hitting the ceiling again, you need to start doing some Kegels, for this exercise just google pegym, on the just look under exercises and you will find Kegels, you should find after a few weeks thins will be back to normal, then you can just do some each week. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Your husband ejaculating inside you is the most important thing for you to get pregnant, its a 50/50 chance on what sex you get, but it is your husbands sperm that denotes what sex. as you know your cycle and what day 1 is, ok so day 14 should be your ovulation day, give or take a day, you need to have unprotected 4 days before this, reason it takes sperm 3 days to reach your womb. so 4 days before means his sperm is there waiting for your egg, and sperm can live for up to 10 days max in the womb. So think day 10 for sex and hope things go right. Good Luck  Hi, Ok for one it could be a long haul back to good boners. For one watching porn and masturbating to it will shut down your sexual receptors, and in turn stops you getting good erections. But the break your on is good start back if things go to plan, your first goal should be 8 weeks of no sex, no porn, no masturbating or any sexual contact, by doing this your starting to reboot your sexual side of your body, if at 4 weeks your getting nocturnal erections along with morning woods if that's working you know your on the mend and you just carry on to week 8, but you really need to do the 8 weeks. But if things are not yet doing that good just do 4 more weeks and so on, some guys over on pegym are still not back there yet, but I have said it is or could be a long haul, its just a time thing, and as they say time heals all. OK you and porn why your doing this, it could be a time to clean all the porn sites out of you computer, clean out any downloads, get rid of any discs, get a friend to open you parental child lock for porn and lock porn out of it, they keep the pass word. OK if you think you still need some help, over on franktalk my screen name is now, NOWHARD, yes put the W in, yes have had ED. If you googel these titles you could find some help. DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE DRUGS VERSUS HERBS, HERBS MY CHOICE, DAILY INTAKE NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS NOHARDS HERBS FOR ED, PART 2 Look I'm not pushing these, there, there if you need the help, it worked for me, and your find I do use a hardwear ice cock ring, get some real good boners. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This is something for your doctor or a dermatologist, to help sort out your problem. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi If you were taken your BC as you should then you should be protected, the only reason I can think for you taken the 2 pills in one go was because you had missed one, but if not it should be working and keeping you safe from getting pregnant within the pills boundaries, but if you do read the small print it may say 00% proof from getting you pregnant, But as for getting pregnant then you will have to wait until you have a missed period, its then you get a pregnancy test done, and then you and your b/f can worry. Good Luck  Hi And yes, But it would take a knife stomach wound to get you pregnant, that opens both your intestine track, and your fallopian tubes, this then would allow the sperm to move across, if you search hard enough you will find a case from South Africa, of this happening. Good Luck  Hi, First how long was you on BC, that would be the main thing, sometimes it can take around 3 months till you get a chance of getting pregnant. Was this your idea as to why you come off BC? to get pregnant? The only thing you can do is wait to see if you miss your period, the do a HPT or see your doctor for a test. If your not happy at the thought of getting pregnant and this was in the last 72 hours, you could use Plan B. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi For you nothing, for him lots of pain or could be, depending how bad it is, just treat him gently. Good Luck  Hi, Depends how its been kept, if its been dry then you will be OK, germs don't live on dry things, but just wash it again before you use it, and always clean it after you have use it, must keep you health up. Good Luck  Hi And there is another side to this, you both could be a sexual miss match, so if after 2 years you have nothing, then if it goes further and still nothing, don't think there is much of a future. But first a question, just how far have the two of you gone with sex, or has it been a complete blank when it comes to sex not even any touching from him or from you, how does he react to sexual touching, to you or to him? If its nothing, and you want a sexual relationship, then I think its time for a split, but do sit with him and tell him why. Good Luck  Hi, If your husband knows your past history with oral sex, then he should not be asking you to perform oral sex on him, if he persists then it could end up breaking you marriage, And I'm sure he would like to do that. Sit down with and ask him to be sensible over this, and as he know the reasons behind what he's asking, just tell him to back off, oral sex is not the only way you can please him. But male semen is quite safe, no germs, wont make you fat or give you a big bust, just has some nutrients in it and not a lot else. OK if you do go that way to please him, just tell not to ejeculate in your mouth, there is a certain fill to his erection just before he ejeculates, you should find it gets just a little stiffer in his erection, just in case he is in his own world, and you should fill the first pulse as he starts to ejaculate, this is down to the filling through your mouth, or ask him to tell you when he's getting close, then finish him by hand. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If your saying that this was unprotected sex, there is always a chance of getting pregnant whether he pulls out on not, there can always be the chance of some small amounts of sperm in his penis or pre-cum, that come out even if he does not ejaculate and pulls out. You can also add in that some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well, so what happened to condoms then? Having unprotected sex at any time through can get some women pregnant, and even during there period. So if this was within the last 72 hours you could go to Plan B, if not then its a waiting game to see if you get your next period, and if you don't then that would be the time to get tested. Then making up your mind what you want to do seeing as you were on BC. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Doc, look there is a problem, when I answered this there was no answer till I did my answer, if you answer dose not show then it wont, next time you do an answer if it does not show, hit the answer this again and do this, you just put Hi See Above Answer, preview and send, it then comes up. As your staff or so, see if you can get somebody to look at this problem, its been going on for months. tell them not to try an find on the main frame but from a home PC, but doing some trick questions and answering them, then it will show if they do around 10 or 12 of them. Many thanks Doc  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, Your be OK cancer is something that dose not cross over IE not contagious, so enjoy your wife. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See the above answer.  Hi, The reason behind the shrinkage is because all your blood drains from it, slowly and very slowly, as your penis comes back to body temperature, it will re-enlarge back to normal, but you cant rush it. The only way out of would not to cold bath, or just keep for a special day once a week, its either this or just suffer having your penis shrink twice a day. Good Luck  Hi I'm an older person, and I don't think you should label people like that, I have sex 3+ times a week, my wife has never had worms. If for some unknown reason that you have contracted some kind of parasite that's a worms, could you have not had it, before you had sex with the "older person" . Something to think about. Good Luck  Hi It seems somebody need to do some research on getting a girl/women pregnant, then you will find its possible to get them pregnant from any time of the month, unlike some who can get pregnant from the 2 two fertile days of the month if they are lucky, the getting pregnant thing is to some men a whole mystery, but it happens and with you apart from doing blood tests when the baby is born, you will just have to accept till then that your the daddy. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I take it you mean the IUS? Just google this, long term effects of mirena ius you find all the answers you need but the long term use looks good. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, The time to take a test would be on the first day of your next missed period, even if you do have a period I would still have one, reason it is possible for you to have periods why being pregnant. May sound a bit crazy, but it can happen. Good Luck  Hi Don't quite know just what you mean, but as a race we should never give up having sex, its so good for our body's, does so much good than bad, at bed time will relax you and give you a good nights sleep anytime during the day will perk you up and make you feel good. Me I'm just coming up to 66, wife 67, were both healthy and try to have sex 3 to 4 times a week, its the one thing that gels us, and its always been like that. Do hope this is what your looking for. Good Luck  Hi D, Just what were you doing? and what speed? and which part is burnt?  Hi, Foreplay, just how long do you and your husband have foreplay before sex, with lots of clitoris play and massaging, and don't forget lots of lubrication Now there is a very good site you should google, dodson and ross your find lots of info on how to orgasm Dr Betty Dodson is an orgasm guru, she takes life one orgasm at a time, she runs life class's on masturbating and how to orgasm, you can even post her. Good Luck  Hi If her picked something up, then having unprotected sex with you, then yes it would be passed on. So if this has happened, then get off to an STD/GUM Clinic and get tested, it's what there, there for. Its called piece of mind, but this guy cant be much of a guy if he does this to you. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just what kind of sex you having, these cysts get in the cleft of your buttocks at the top, cant see how there is a mix? Good Luck  Hi The problem by ding this is, when it comes to real sex, you may not have the sensitivity that you should have, this stems from dry masturbating, and dry masturbating is not good for you, you could end up with scars on your gland, so take a break for a couple of weeks the start masturbating with some kind of oil, baby oil will do, the using you hand start masturbating slowly with a featherlight touch, not a hard grip, masturbating should have the same touch as the inside if a vagina, this way when it comes to real sex, your brain will know just how it should feel. Good Luck  Hi As long as you did not take extra ones, things should be OK, it works just the same as though you missed one then took two the next day, your OK. So you can now sit back and relax. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, This dose sound like a fungal infection, so some things you can try, like garlic. http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/how-treat-vaginal-infection-clove-garlic Now with this link and some others, you may ned to just copy them into google to read. http://www.life-saving-naturalcures-and-naturalremedies.com/natural-remedy-for-yeast-infection.html http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html This one below have not read through it, but could be help there. http://www.earthclinic.com/CURES/fungal-infection-treatment-alternative-medicine.html And the last one. http://www.earthclinic.com/CURES/vaginal-itching.html So do hope you find just one thing for help. Good Luck  Hi, If you think that way, why are you here then? Viagra does not work for a lot of guys, me as well, for some of us it has just to many side effects, and for some guys does not even work. You also have to remember ED comes in lots of different ways, and these are just some of them. Like low testosterone along with high testosterone, low libido, watching porn and masturbating to it, even just over masturbating, I mean more than once a day, to little sleep, performance anxiety, high cholesterol and its meds, diabetes and its meds, depression and its meds, stress and its meds, anxiety and its meds, anger, middle aged spread, self image, your health. Add into this fast and junk foods and to much alcohol, all this gives you quite a jungle to work through. Will add here high testosterone, if its over the top, works just the same as low testosterone. hence e lose of erections. So were did you get you ED from. Good Luck  Hi I think you should be OK from what you have written, but for both of you get your minds around safe sex, condoms for you, and the BC pill for her. Always remember safe sex is best. Good Luck  Hi, So you say finger her, is this vaginal masturbation, or is this clitoral masturbation, I think from what you say may be the last one, clitoral, have you tried her on top facing you, this is were she can press into your pubic bone, its a great way for a women to orgasm. You could also try spending more time on foreplay, and not forgetting some women can only orgasm special ways, and your wife's is by the finger, but then she does orgasm. Think of all the women who have never experienced an orgasm in there lives. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Agree with your Dad, all the way, but then we are around the same age, low T could be a problem, but its his libido that needs a lift, you being pregnant he should be hard at it now, its 9 months without any problems of getting you pregnant, if you follow my drift. You could try him on some Tribulus, its a herb, it should boost his testosterone, lift his libido and kick up his energy levels, it takes around 8 weeks to get to full power, you can google it for more info. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, First are you sure she wants anal sex, does she fill comfortable with this, or is this just for you? I think you should both read were I going to send you, its a very friendly site called www,dodsonandross.com on there you will find all the info you need and a lot more, now if you look down the left hand side your see a whole list if things, and its here your find anal sex and lots of info on how to and lots more helpful info. I do hope this helps you and your wife, but read it together. Good luck  Hi Most definitely. There is even a psychological disorder called phantom pregnancy in which your body will actually produce a false pregnancy -- ie. the hormone released in urine, the tender breasts, even the growing belly. If you stress about having symptoms of a pregnancy, odds are your brain will be alert for any and all symptoms that might confirm it. Therefore making you think you are pregnant.	 See what can happen, all for the sake of a condom and safe sex. Just remember if things are OK, safe sex, condoms, the BC pill, IUD, the cap, the ring. all there just for you both. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, To which way are we talking about male to female , or reverse? It would help to know, and for what reason?  Hi Sounds like your having vaginal spasms, inside your vagina there is a ring, so when your partner first engages in sex you get a spasm the ring tightens up, hence you get pain. Could be that your not getting enough foreplay before sexual intercourse takes place, or could be that your to dry, if its dryness try some extra lubrication. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, If you shave it could be an ingrowing hair, or it could just be a hair folical causing the problem. Either way, if you can pop it and you can see the hair inside, get a clean needle and just pick it out then pluck it away, it will heal and be gone in 24 hours. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Do you know if your b/f has been antibiotics, this could be one thing. Are you getting any kind of discharge? any kind of cottage cheese discharge? Douching was not a good idea, as it can interfere with your natural balance inside your vagina. you could try a warm sea salt baths, twice a day for a week and see how that goes, you must let the water get inside your vagina, for this to work, for more info just google sea salt and the vagina. Do hope there is something here for you. Good Luck  Hi, There is a 72 hour window to take Plan B, so yes you would be just wasting your hard earned money, for you its just a waiting game to see if your period comes. If this was after day 14 of your cycle you may be ok. Good Luck  Hi Well the bit I found says 4 to 6 weeks, see below. Post-procedure Care At Home When you return home after the procedure, do the following to help ensure a smooth recovery: Follow your doctor's instructions . Wear a sanitary pad to absorb the watery discharge that normally occurs for several weeks following cryosurgery. If needed, take acetaminophen or ibuprofen to treat discomfort for a day or two after the procedure. Do not use tampons or douches. Do not have sexual intercourse for 4-6 weeks after cryosurgery. Your doctor will schedule regular pap smears in the near future. Baths and showers are OK. The abnormal tissue of the cervix should shed and flow out of the body in a watery vaginal discharge over 4-6 weeks. In some cases, more than one cryosurgery session may be scheduled. Now you find that this is normal for any procedure that's done inside the vagina, its to keep bugs away. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well the bit I found says 4 to 6 weeks, see below. Post-procedure Care At Home When you return home after the procedure, do the following to help ensure a smooth recovery: Follow your doctor's instructions . Wear a sanitary pad to absorb the watery discharge that normally occurs for several weeks following cryosurgery. If needed, take acetaminophen or ibuprofen to treat discomfort for a day or two after the procedure. Do not use tampons or douches. Do not have sexual intercourse for 4-6 weeks after cryosurgery. Your doctor will schedule regular pap smears in the near future. Baths and showers are OK. The abnormal tissue of the cervix should shed and flow out of the body in a watery vaginal discharge over 4-6 weeks. In some cases, more than one cryosurgery session may be scheduled. Now you find that this is normal for any procedure that's done inside the vagina, its to keep bugs away. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Found you this piece of info on www.drugs.com. Erectile dysfunction is not a known side effect of Claritin D. But it would make sense as pseudoephedrine in the Claritin D shrinks blood vessels, and although it is a drastic side effect, it could easily cause erectile dysfunction. For an erection to happen blood vessels need to be dilated (not shrinked). I'm sure this effect if reversible if you don't take Claritin D. So just don't take any more and find something else, but don't know how long it will take for it to go off, all you can do is keep trying, just keep getting your g/f over, she should be able to help get it up and stay that way. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, I think your find this is one of the side effects of depo shot, but if you google depo shot side effects, you should find what your looking for. But I will tell you something I would never let my daughter take it, you could have big troubles ahead, when you come off it and want to get pregnant, it will be tough. Good Luck  Hi Well the bit I found says 4 to 6 weeks, see below. Post-procedure Care At Home When you return home after the procedure, do the following to help ensure a smooth recovery: Follow your doctor's instructions . Wear a sanitary pad to absorb the watery discharge that normally occurs for several weeks following cryosurgery. If needed, take acetaminophen or ibuprofen to treat discomfort for a day or two after the procedure. Do not use tampons or douches. Do not have sexual intercourse for 4-6 weeks after cryosurgery. Your doctor will schedule regular pap smears in the near future. Baths and showers are OK. The abnormal tissue of the cervix should shed and flow out of the body in a watery vaginal discharge over 4-6 weeks. In some cases, more than one cryosurgery session may be scheduled. Now you find that this is normal for any procedure that's done inside the vagina, its to keep bugs away. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, First are you male or female? could be that your trying to orgasm, its could be just a build up to it but your not getting there, correct? Try this, Orgasmic cephalalgia or orgasmic headache A type of vascular headache that occurs right before orgasm, regardless of how vigorous sex is or not, this intense, severe headache has the following characteristics: Can be caused by elevated blood pressure. Usually affects more men than women. Affects those who are particularly susceptible to migraines. Felt usually around or behind the eyes. Persistent pain lasting from a few minutes or up to several hours. Do you think this is you? Good Luck  Hi Well there is always the chance of getting pregnant when we have unprotected sex, don't think squirting would stop this happening, any sperm would be behind from your squirting. Thinks you do need to think about, would be just were you are in your cycle, if this was before day 14, then yes there's a very big chance of pregnancy, b8ut no symptom yet, feeling sick could be from say giving oral sex, if he was not that clean. But if you miss your next period then get a test done. Good Luck PS, If things go OK? then please think safe sex, the BC pill, BC ring, BC implant, or the BC cap, But please keep away from depo shot? just to many side effect.  Hi, First are you male or female? could be that your trying to orgasm, its could be just a build up to it but your not getting there, correct? Try this, Orgasmic cephalalgia or orgasmic headache A type of vascular headache that occurs right before orgasm, regardless of how vigorous sex is or not, this intense, severe headache has the following characteristics: Can be caused by elevated blood pressure. Usually affects more men than women. Affects those who are particularly susceptible to migraines. Felt usually around or behind the eyes. Persistent pain lasting from a few minutes or up to several hours. Do you think this is you? Good Luck  Hi Men get pre-cum from lots of foreplay, if you give your man lots of foreplay you will get pre-cum, and sometimes lots of it. If you go straight into sex without foreplay, the chances are you wont see much pre-cum. If your not on BC please watch your doing with pre-cum it can carry some sperms, not many buy enough to get pregnant, as it only take one sperm to get pregnant. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, You should refrain from both intercourse and oral sex till she is over it, but she could be in for a long run, but it is something that comes and goes, so just wait for the clear periods. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well the bit I found says 4 to 6 weeks, see below. Post-procedure Care At Home When you return home after the procedure, do the following to help ensure a smooth recovery: Follow your doctor's instructions . Wear a sanitary pad to absorb the watery discharge that normally occurs for several weeks following cryosurgery. If needed, take acetaminophen or ibuprofen to treat discomfort for a day or two after the procedure. Do not use tampons or douches. Do not have sexual intercourse for 4-6 weeks after cryosurgery. Your doctor will schedule regular pap smears in the near future. Baths and showers are OK. The abnormal tissue of the cervix should shed and flow out of the body in a watery vaginal discharge over 4-6 weeks. In some cases, more than one cryosurgery session may be scheduled. Now you find that this is normal for any procedure that's done inside the vagina, its to keep bugs away. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Yes, reason there would have been sperm still in your urethra, and these would have got out, it only takes one of our men to get a women pregnant, and this would depend on the time of her cycle or in some cases not. If she's not pregnant. next time either get her on the BC pill, or just get extra condoms. Good Luck  Hi Sounds a bit weird, are you sure that they were not just creasing from sitting on a sheet or something, as stretch marks would not just come and go at random. I think you may need to rethink your sexual positions and were your doing it. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi 2% your find if you read condom packets they say condoms are only 98% proof of not getting pregnant. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Well your either pregnant, because nipples get darker as you go through pregnancy. Or its just your make up, and as you get older things happen in our body's whether were male or female, something's like this happen as things like your hormones are buzzing at the moment being that you sound young? So just enjoy what's happening to your body, most of it will only happen once. Good Luck  Hi Well me and my wife it could be 2 to 3 times one week up or down the next, and so on. But as a loving couple, its not a game like we can do it more than you, its down to how sexual you both fill and your feelings for each other, these two things do really count. Our ages are me 67 and my wife is 68. I do hope this helps you both. Good Luck  Hi First question would be, was this a normal period in length or was it short. reason for this it is possible to be pregnant and still get periods, but they tend to be shorter. The only real way would be to do a pregnancy test, either an HPT or a test at her doctors. OK if things are clear meaning no pregnancy, the she needs to get on some kind of BC, the pill, the cap, or IUD, but keep her away from depo shot, your find out why if she googles depo shot side effects. But always think safe sex, or you would not be here worried. Good Luck  Hi If this was around 4 weeks ago, then you could now get tested, just get to your local STD/GUM Clinic and see the staff there they will help you and get you tested. Best to be safe than sorry Good Luck  Hi, try doing some pelvic floor exercises called kegel's, also do the reverse ones as well. Now on a site called www,myhardwear,com you will find a solid glass dildo, which means it has some weight in it, the thing with this is to try and hold it when squatting, by doing this you will also strengthen your muscles, so hence make you a lot tighter. Or you can send your man to www.pegym.com on here he start jelqing this will increase his length and his girth, its not a quick fix, it takes time, but could be worth the wait, but at no time should try and rush things, he just keeps to the program, if he does not then he could end up with ED. As for your wetness, a lot of women out there are saying lucky you, just enjoy the wetness, if not think of all the women who like my need lubrication. Also have a look on www,dodsonandross,com post to Dr Betty Dodson, she is a guru on female masturbating and orgasm, she may have some other ideas that may help you. Do hope all this is of some help. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I thought I would copy this just for you, its from the NHS in the UK. Tells it like it is. There are two types of herpes simplex virus (HSV), type 1 and type 2. Both types are highly contagious and can be passed easily from one person to another by direct contact. Genital herpes is usually transmitted by having sex (vaginal, anal or oral) with an infected person. Even if someone with genital herpes does not have any symptoms, it is possible for them to pass the condition on to a sexual partner. So the answer is yes he can, but he to like you would end up with Herpes Simplex Virus 2, if that's what he wants then carry on. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi You just go from your last period, work it from there by adding forty weeks, this should tell you how far along you are. So how come you have not seen your doctor yet? Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The second feeling your getting could be that you want to squirt, or to female ejaculate, yes you females can do that, but unlike men its a clear fluid, so next time your having sex put a towel under you, and after you have urinated, the next feeling just let yourself go, you may enjoy it. But your first feeling could be from him hitting you bladder, and you may also be getting some G spot stimulation as well. Good Luck  Hi The main thing is to keep healthy, keep your weight down and at the recommended weight for your height, eat right, no fast or junk foods, get exercising on a weekly program, or just walk daily and swim as often as you can, keep alcohol on the low side, a couple of beers a week and some red wine, would be best. But if you can have sex a couple of times a week, this will keep you system ticking over, more if you need it, as they say if we don't use it we lose it, and with sex, that's what we need to do. Me and my wife still have sex and now over mid s 60s, it keeps things going, rounds of our marriage 3 to 4 times a week, so please just keep healthy and keep a happy sex life going, the best drug is you. Good Luck  Hi You may find this info very interesting. Urinary tract infections (UTIs) are a common type of infection caused by bacteria (germs). Children, teens, women, and men can get UTIs. Since females are more likely to develop UTIs than males, it's important to know the facts. This guide was created so that you can learn about your urinary tract, how you get a UTI, symptoms, available treatments, and ways to prevent UTIs. The urinary tract is the path for urine to go from your kidneys to the outside of your body. Urine is made in the kidneys and then travels through hollow tubes called "ureters" to your bladder, where the urine is stored. When your bladder is full, you'll feel an urge to urinate (pee). The urine will leave your body through an opening called the "urethra". Urine is usually free of bacteria. A urinary tract infection happens when bacteria gets inside your bladder, usually through your urethra (the opening where your urine comes out). Females have shorter urethras than males do, so it is easier for bacteria to enter the urinary tract and cause symptoms. The most common kind of UTI is a bladder infection, which is called cystitis (sis-ti-tis). If the infection affects your urethra, it is called urethritis (ur-e-thri-tis). If your kidneys become infected, it is called pyelonephritis (pie-low-ne-fright-is). UTIs are not contagious (you can't catch it from anyone else). You are more likely to get a UTI if you have kidney or bladder problems. Read more: http://www.youngwomenshealth.org/uti.html#ixzz36LBh6WTS I do hope this helps you, bottom line is you cant get a UTI from having sex. Good luck  Hi Just follow this link and take it from there. The Link, http://ec.princeton.edu/questions/dose.html Do hope this helps you and your g/f. Good Luck  Hi, Apart from getting your testosterone checked out, there are things like, To little sleep. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Meds, for depression, diabetes. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Self image. Low libido. Low testosterone. High Testosterone. All these are sex killers, and not forgetting we are what we eat, so fast and junk foods are out, soft drinks are not good, but you could try jelqing, as this will help to get blood flowing down your penis, for this just google pegym, on there under exercises your find jelqing, but don't rush or push the program, take you time and just do as they say, these exercises have rules just stick to them or ED could get you. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Well that means you had sex 5 months ago, so where was you then? And what you did a week ago would not mean anything. But you must love having unprotected sex then, unless you guy or guys by real cheap condoms. So from 5 months ago, work out where you was an who you was with. Its your only way. Good Luck  Hi It could be possible, but sperm that's been in your mouth the acids in your mouth could kill it, but then this was straight after your period? But then chuck in that some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month, its a bit of a mine field. Just one last thing, have you done an HPT? or had a doctor do a pregnancy test? Or it could be just a skipped period, it does happen. Things to think about. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD. Look sorry just one last thought, do you go out drinking? Ever woke up and cant remember how you got there? Think perhaps you have had sex, but just cant remember? Then think Date rape. Perhaps that's why you cant remember? you were drugged.  Hi Have a read of this link, you may just fins some interest in it, its the only one that makes sense, did read a few. The Link http://www.instituteofpleasure.org/vaginal_dryness.htm See how you get on. Good Luck  Hi Some symptoms in men don't show, like tric, chlamydia or gonorrhoea and the last one can hide in tests. Sorry but if he wont go and get tested please find another guy, but a clean one, if you have not been tested do so and soon, you just need to go to an STD/GUM Clinic to get tested, the staff are helpful. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, During sex, the parasite is usually transmitted from a penis to a vagina, or from a vagina to a penis, but it can also be passed from a vagina to another vagina. It is not common for the parasite to infect other body parts, like the hands, mouth, or anus. It is unclear why some people with the infection get symptoms while others do not, but it probably depends on factors like the persons age and overall health. Infected people without symptoms can still pass the infection on to others. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you have a yeast infection, its either off the doctor, or over the counter meds, or you can try the sea salt way, just put a couple of handfuls in a warm bath, not to deep, let the water get inside your vagina, do this twice a day for a week, it should clear, or have a look on this site. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Well worth a good read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck   Hi Sounds like you have a yeast infection, its either off the doctor, or over the counter meds, or you can try the sea salt way, just put a couple of handfuls in a warm bath, not to deep, let the water get inside your vagina, do this twice a day for a week, it should clear, or have a look on this site. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Well worth a good read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sorry for asking you say GH, do you mean Gonorrhoea? if this is correct, this is one of the STDs that can stay hidden for many years. Gonorrhoea is particularly worrying because many people experience no symptoms. Around 50% of women and 10% of men carrying the infection do not develop any obvious signs or symptoms. The infection can stay hidden for years, while you are passing it on to your sexual partners, or partner in your case, but even the it could stay hidden from him. This may lead to very serious diseases. For women, gonorrhoea can cause pelvic inflammatory disease (PID). I do hope I have got this right, but could not workout what GH was and the way you had written you post, I come to my answer, So do hope this has helped. Good Luck  Hi, Your n12 days away from ovulation day, give or take a day, so you should be safe, are you on the BC pill? if not then its about time you were, well worth thinking about. There's the BC Pill, The Ring, The Implant, The Cap or IUD, but not Depo Shot, just to many side effects. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I will hand you over to the guru of orgasms, Dr Betty Dodson, she takes life, one orgasm at a time, I think she will be best to give the answer you want. So just nip over to www.dodsonandross.com , first have a good read up about orgasms top left hand side, and she has stuff on UTube. But you can post to DR Betty Dodson, and she does answer you, ASAP. See how you get on. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As long as your up on taken them every day, like you should, then you should be OK. So relax. Good Luck  Hi OK now we know were we are, see if this helps you understand your problem and it being hidden for so long. If you have been infected by HSV 1 and/or 2, you will probably have symptoms or outbreaks from time to time. After the virus has finished being active, it then travels to the nerves at the end of the spine where it stays for a while. Even after the lesions are gone, the virus stays inside the nerve cells in a still and hidden state, which means that it's inactive. In most people, the virus can become active several times a year. This is called a recurrence. But scientists do not yet know why this happens. When it becomes active again, it travels along the nerves to the skin, where it makes more viruses near the site of the very first infection. That is where new sores usually will appear.  Hi, I think you should read this link, it may help you if perhaps late, but please read it. The Link http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/switching-birth-control-pills-pregnancy-risks Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Its either one of two things, its just the sperm left in his urethra, so that's normal, or he has a weak muscle at the neck of his penis, doing kegels will cure this, its just a simple exercise, if you google pegym, on site just look under exercises, your find out how to do them, he will find that he can do them at anytime and anywhere, this will help also to give him stronger ejectulations, help pump blood into his penis, hence improve his sex life. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Its quite simple, Plan B will upset your g/f, cycle, so her period may be late. but after that she should still do a HPT, just to make sure. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Prolonged drug use can affect egg production and maturation affecting fertility levels. The chances of successful pregnancy depend on many factors (ovarian, uterine, hormonal, stress etc). You should consider getting a complete infertility work-up done for partner to see if there are any underlying causes for the infertility/inability to conceive. Do Hope this helps both of you. Good Luck  Hi Get to an STD/GUM Clinic and get some tests done, the staff there will treat you well. Good Luck  Hi I would just keep off the sex, just wash it twice daily with warm sea salt water, this will help the healing and help keep it clean, but it needs to be sea salt. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So how do you know you have low sperm count during sex, this would be only known if you have your sperm checked out, or do you mean your not ejaculating like you used to, will it happens as we get older, there is a couple of herbs that will boost your ejaculate, if your can get holds of some Muira Puama and catuaba, I this is used in a south American sex drink, have a read of this link. http://www.foxnews.com/health/2011/03/28/boost-sexual-mojo-amazon-herbs/ Your other problem could be your prostate playing up, have you had it checked out lately, if not then I think you should, if you get up for nocturnal urination, and its very slow, then that ios a very good reason to get it checked out. A couple of things that's good for your prostate are Cayenne Pepper and Turmeric, just google both for prostate health.. The link above just copy into google to the www. to open and read. If you want more help about your prostate just have a look on www.franktalk.org its for us guys with ED problems, prostate problems and lots more. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS Your find me as NOWHARD on franktalk, if you want you can PM me from there.  Hi Murray, you can only get a good result if you do this test on what would be the first day of your next (if pregnant) first day of the period if its missed. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, There are some women who would say how lucky you are, I don't think you would like to stop it, it make you go the other way, and being to dry would then give you lots of other problems. The best thing would be just live with and enjoy it. Ok as for you husband, get him to try this, its a very simple exercise called edging, to find out how to do this just go to www.pegym.com, on there he looks under exercises, could be very helpful to both of you and your sex lives. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Could be her period coming early, but it would have been to late in her cycle to get pregnant, if you understand the cycle that is. But unprotected sex 4 days before day 14 would get her pregnant, day 14 is ovulation day or the day her egg drops. OK Good Luck PS Look don't play with sex, or she will get pregnant, get her to get or some kind of BC, the pill, the implant, the ring, the cap or IUD. But no to depo shot, just to many side effects. OK  Delays in menstrual periods can be caused by a few things. Depending on who you are it could be because of menopause, stress, and a few more factors. When your doctor said your hormones were alright, did they give you any insight on what could be be the cause? I would recommend you go back to the doctor so that they could determine the actual cause. Best wishes.  Discharge could be a number of things. You'll never know for sure until you get tested. I'd recommend you go see a doctor just to be on the safe side.  As men grow older, their testosterone levels slowly decline which could be a reason. First things first, talk to him about it.  Yes I would until you and your partner gets medical help on safe ways to have sex without giving it to them if they don't have it  There are things you can do on your own for an active sexual life. Make your partner a high priority. Take time to enjoy each other and to understand the changes you both are facing. Try different positions and new times, like having sex in the morning when you both may be well rested. Don't hurryyou or your partner may need to spend more time touching to become fully aroused. Masturbation is a sexual activity that many older people, with and without a partner, find satisfying. Some older people, especially women, may have trouble finding a romantic or sexual partner. That's because women tend to live longer than men. To meet new people, try activities that other seniors enjoy. Some ideas include mall walking, volunteer jobs, adult education classes at a community college, or day trips sponsored by your city or county recreation department. Don't be afraid to talk with your doctor if you have a problem that affects your sex life. He or she may be able to suggest a treatment. For example, the most common sexual difficulty of older women is painful intercourse caused by vaginal dryness. Your doctor or a pharmacist can suggest over-the-counter vaginal lubricants or moisturizers to use. Water-based lubricants are helpful when needed to make sex more comfortable. Moisturizers are used on a regular basis, every 2 or 3 days. Or, your doctor might suggest a form of vaginal estrogen. If ED is the problem, it can often be managed and perhaps even reversed. There are pills that can help. They should not be used by men taking medicines containing nitrates, such as nitroglycerin. The pills do have possible side effects. Other available treatments include vacuum devices, self-injection of a drug, or penile implants. Physical problems can change your sex life as you get older. But, you and your partner may discover you have a new closeness. Talk to your partner about your needs. You may find that affectionhugging, kissing, touching, and spending time togethercan make a good beginning.  It is very possible to have a STD and not have any symptoms. I would recommend that you both be tested for STDs. It is also possible that your girlfriend has a simple vaginal bacterial infection (bacterial vaginitis) that can cause a fishy odor after intercourse. This can easily be tested for and treated by her gynecologist.  Spermicidals, such as films, gels and sponges, can cause irritation of the urethra in both men and women. The urethra is the tube that drains the bladder to the outside. However, there are other causes of burning with urination. It is important that you and your girlfriend see your doctors to make sure that neither one of you have an infection. You may also want to consider another form of birth control because spermicidals are not as effective as many others. Remember that it is always important to practice safe sex. A condom would prevent the burning and help to prevent sexually transmitted diseases.  Yes, you can still get pregnant. Sperm can live in the female genital tract for 3 days, so it is possible that there may be functional sperm in the vagina, uterus, or fallopian tubes at the time of ovualtion in your case.  Most over the counter pregnancy test are accurate when the first morning urine is used after a missed period. However, some pregnancy tests can be used up to 3 days before a missed period. The most accurate result can be made at your doctor's office after you have missed a period.  It would be best to let your doctor know; however, it is not unusual to have bleeding for a week after a cervical biopsy depending on the size, number and extent of the biopsies. If the bleeding stopped within a couple of hours and has not recurred then it should be fine, otherwise it is important to let your doctor know.  It is very unlikely that you are pregnant if your period started the day after having unprotected intercourse. I am assuming that it was time for your period to start and that you have regular periods. If you have a normal 28 day cycle, you are most likely to become pregnant when you have unprotected intercourse approximately 2 weeks before you anticipate your period to start.  Trying to get pregnant can be exciting, but also frustrating at times. Your wife would have to ovulate before being able to conceive, so conception just before ovulation would not cause her to have a negative ovulation predictor test. It is possible that she had not ovulated yet or that she did not ovulate at all that month. It is possible that the weird feeling was because she was getting close to ovulating. Remember that it is important to test for ovulation for at least 7 days midcycle. Regardless, if her period does not start when anticipated, then take a pregnancy test. Remember that 85% of couples trying to conceive will do so in 1 year.  Oral contraceptives are very effective at preventing pregnancy. If you have been taking your pill daily as directed then you should not become pregnant. You should not take any extra pills as this will affect your cycle and will not decrease your chances of becoming pregnant. You should continue to take one pill a day.  I want to find the sperm so the question is, is that easy even though that would be sand in the vagina?  My friend took 8 pregnancy tests when she was pregnant with her daughter. Her body just didn't respond to them, even though she was three months pregnant. I would suggest getting a blood test to rule out pregnancy, and then (if you're not pregnant) you can talk with your doctor about what the underlying cause may be.  I would go to your OB or get an RE I found out I wasn't ovulating either. They'll help you get on the right track! ..::Baby Dust::..  I would go visit your OB. Maybe you're not ovulating or your hormones are not balanced. I was still having periods but I was not ovulating. With help from my doctor giving me meds my husband and I got pregnant the very first cycle! Good Luck TTC! ..::Baby Dust::..  Yes, Protected sex always. Even with oral sex for your partner, that is him doing you. There has been a significant increaase of Oral Cancers in kmales related to HPV transmission. And you partner needs to be informed if you decide you want to reproduce and go unprotected.  You probably are paranoid if the test are negative, however a female can still have a period while pregnant. This is a result of very low HCG counts. If a female has periods and negative test without any other symptoms she is probably not pregnant but if the other symptoms appear sore breast, enlarged abdomen, nausea and vomiting etc then the blood test are advised and next a vaginal ultrasound.  First off, consult a doctor for a std screening. Secondly, one of your partners, most likely one of the two who gave you a blowjob, may have had a virus or infection in their mouth.  Are your periods always on time? If not than I would wait a few days, But if your periods are on time, There is a huge possible that you are I would suggest to take a pregnancy test.  A recent survey of Americans asked the question: What would you give up so that you don't gain 10 pounds over the summer? 52% of women said bag the sex and keep the skinny. Only 25% of men agreed. When asked what people would give up to get a flat stomach, 54% said no more TV, 54% would skip shopping, 42% would turn off their cell phone, 36% would unplug their computer, 21% would say "not tonight honey" to any sex, and 6% would forgo showering (oh my). Over 20 years ago, there was a disturbing study that noted many people wanted to have an ideal body so badly that they would lose a limb.  Do you still do kegels exercises? My experience is when you do more kegels exercises, the orgasms are more intense, then when you don't. It's also a possibility that maybe there isn't enough blood flow to the clitoris. Maybe you should try a getting a massage beforehand to get your blood flow going. If that doesn't work, you may want to ask your gyn about it.  Stretch before any extraordinary activities. you may also be dehydrated. is the pain on the outside of the thigh, an feel like a stabbing sensation just below the hip or back side of calf about 1/4 down from the knee?. try drinking more water, and hydrating your body before intercourse. You are probably just experiencing muscle cramps. Bananas / potassium seems to help prevent muscle cramps. Alcohol can cause them also, especially the day after drinking. From my experience, stand up as soon as you feel the onset of the cramp, and message the muscle, then drink a glass of water. I started getting them when I was mid 20's, and found my alcohol and hydration was a huge factor in getting these cramps.  NO, you can only get pregnant while your ovulating...  If she is taking meds for it, otherwise it could just be dorment right now. She could always have a flare up. From what I understand, you cannot pass it along if it is not active. You could always speak to your family doc about it if you have concerns. good luck  Did you partner have HIV..if not, lotion will not give it to you. But if she does have it, I don't know why you would have sex, but that is just me talking.  It is not harmful. I didn't stop sex all through my two pregnancies until the labor started! lol As long as you are not having any trouble of any kind, I would not worry about it. Congrats!  It is the way the medication works to shut down ovulation. Should restart soon. Also keep in mind that stress can interfere with your cycle too. If you are terribly concerned about pregnancy ask for a serum pregnancy test to calm your fears. For future reference use protection when you are unsure about your contraceptive method.  Only downfall is bleeding a lot afterwards but it depends on your cycle. It does help some woman with cramping. One day you decide to do the deed while on your monthly can help with certain things and the next time you try it, it might not work out like the first time. Depends on how your body reacts.  There are excersizes that will enlarge thickness and length. They do work. It is a slow process, but it can be done. Also, some of the enlargement drugs that is on the market do enlarge by increasing the blood flow and amount that the penis will tolerate. Again, its a slow process but it is possible. There are also excersizes to allow you to last for very long time before you climax, that really turns your mate on. Also, with time you will learn to satisify the woman and not yourself. If you strive to satisify your mate she will hold on for life and do the same for you.. If you are lucky enough to find a virgin to marry someday, God will match you perfectly.  Im gonna guess they are Fordyce's spots. Check out this link. This is exactly what it looks like on my penis. I freaked out too, but its nothing.  Mirena is birthcontrol. Im pretty sure that the IUD is a type of birthcontrol one of the most effective types. some people get it to help with heavy periods but usually just birthcontrol.... so my answer would be most likely you are not pregnant i guess its possible but usually IUDs are good for five years.  No, you don't need a therapist. I am post menopausal as well (41 years old and less than a year since my complete hysterectomy), and had a low sex drive. Talk to your GYN or Dr that performed your hysterectomy, and tell him/her about your lack of sex drive. I was given a testosterone cream I rubbed on my inner arm, my stomach and my leg every other day. (You have to alternate the area where you apply the cream, hence the three areas of the body.) for about 2 months. Then my sex drive magically appeared and has been fine ever since. If you aren't on hormone replacement for your estrogen, that may cause your low libido as well. Talk to your DR and bring your other half, because he doesn't seem to have a clue. Him hearing it from a doctor will (hopefully) make him understand that the problem isn't something you need a sex therapist for. It's just a chemical imbalance. Good luck.  It's a possibility but I will take a eary pregnant test to rule it out.  I'd suggest waiting. Sex causes friction, and the last thing you need is to add friction to infected, inflamed tissues. Also, drink a daily sugar free cranberry juice along with taking a daily cranberry supplement. Just make sure that your supplement is at least 500 milligrams. It works. I used to get them all the time, but since I have been taking the supplement, I haven't had one in years.  Absolutely. Go to Drmirkin.com  Hello Friend, You don't have to worry about any thing, i assure you that you won't get pregnant, because you have your period, and finger does not cause pregnancy, even it has some premature ejaculatory.   Honestly, not always does that happen. But be mind, that having inprotected sex, and having your partner ejactulate while doing so, is possible. It's not a myth that after a woman has her period that when she starts a new ovulatuion cycle, that she is most fertile. It is actually proven and suggested if a couple wants a child, that its the way to go about it. I would suggest getting a pregnacy test a day before or after you next missed( If it is missed) period.  Over half of all teens are sexually active, and a large portion of the other half are seriously thinking about it, or simply lying. Sure, there are many exceptions. Perhaps your teen has not crossed over to the sex side. Consider yourself very fortunate, but dont let down your guard. I no longer ask teenagers if they are sexually-active after one girl responded: What do you mean? Do I, like, move around a lot during sex?... I am not really what-you-say, active. I have sex a couple of times a week, but not active every day. I now just ask, in one way or another: Have you ever had sex in any form in your entire life? If not, are you thinking or considering it? I really miss the AIDS scare. When teenagers felt that a sexual act could kill them, they kept their pants on, or at least used condoms much of the time. Not any more. AIDS and other previously feared sexually-transmitted diseases can be successfully treated and they know it. The fear has gone and the pants are back off. Girls are on contraceptives (to regulate their periods and control acne, of course) and believe that pregnancy prevention is sufficient, since their partner does not like using condoms. Teens are getting pregnant, getting STDs and freaking out just about every day in clinic. Many have multiple partners  just hooking up for a fun sexual encounter, or dabbling in some very risky sexual practices. Oral and/or anal sex are often the debut acts. Just saying no and not having sex seems to more and more rare, at least in our community. Many teens, even the pregnant ones, insist that they use condoms every time. If condoms broke as often as teenagers claim, there would be a major recall that would trump Toyota. A buddy of mine in high school, not having a condom at his disposal, admitted to using a plastic sandwich bag! And, this was before zip-lock freezer bags, too. Mother: You are going to see my daughter today. She is going to probably ask you about birth control. I dont think she is sexually active yet, but may be thinking about it. She has a boyfriend. Medical provider enters examining room. The door closes. After a few introductory comments and medical history inquiries, the important question arises: Are you sexually involved? Yes. How many sexual partners have you had? Maybe, five or six. Are you using any type of birth control? Sometimes. My current boyfriend doesnt like condoms. Some teenagers are actually trying to get pregnant. When one of their classmates has a little baby, they may want one too. Babies are sooooo cute! And, my Mom can take care of it when I go to school. Its not a big deal. Besides, I dont think I can even get pregnant. I have had a lot of unprotected sex and havent got pregnant so far. We hear all of the rationales and excuses. Getting pregnant or having a baby in high school, or even junior high, is a big deal. Babies do not raise themselves, so a teen pregnancy has a domino effect for at least two entire families. Promising sports or academic endeavors are usually put on hold. College plans may need to be seriously altered if a baby enters the big picture. Terminating an early pregnancy or giving a child up for adoption may seem like a logical out for teens, but these can have serious psychological consequences, too. Like it or not, parents, many of your teens are having sex; if not now, perhaps later today. Talk to them and do your best to get them to open up. Communication with love is the key. When you ask those touchy questions, you must be prepared really prepared for those answers; answers that you may not want to hear. Parents, like all adults, should be friendly, but remember that you are not your kids friend you are their parent. You are a parent with legal, moral and ethical responsibilities. You are among the few people on this planet that loves your child unconditionally. You are a parent who needs to parent now more than ever. They can safely cross the street now. They can eat a hot dog without choking to death. They can drive a car. They can even run with scissors. Parents are really the only ones who can help them safely cross into adulthood.  Probably the most common cause of outer vaginal itching would be yeast . Yeast loves warm, dark, and moist places and the vagina really fits the requirements. Yeast is present in our environment, so you do not have to catch it from someone. It can just happen. You may want to consider using one of the many over-the-counter vaginal yeast medications to see if it helps. Another possibility would be a contact dermatitis. If you recently changed laundry detergents, dryer softeners, or soaps, this could be a culprit as well. If home treatments are not helping, you will need to see your health care provider for a proper examination, diagnosis, and treatment.  Yes, if you are having unprotected sex, especially on days that you have calculated to be fertile times (ovulation), and your male partner is capable of fathering a child, it is possible that you could be pregnant. Only time....and a positive pregnancy test....will confirm this. If your period is not due for 14 days, you are likely to be mid-cycle, so it is too early to start getting pregnancy tests. Wait a few more weeks. Your white, milky discharge is not a definitive sign of pregnancy  Yes, some antidepressants and cardiac medications can interfere with sexual activity, so please discuss this openly with your doctor, since I do not know what meds are you are taking. The size of your penis should not be drastically changing, no more than your hands or feet getting smaller. It may seem that way if you are having erectile problems. This is another common male disorder that may be able to be rectified, but any use of ED meds will need to be prescribed by your doctor -- someone who knows your medical history, the medications you are taking, and can examine you.  A late or missed period is just one presumptive sign of pregnancy. Unfortunately, there are many, non-pregnant reasons for not having your period. You can repeat your pregnancy test, or have your medical provider order a more sensitive blood pregnancy test. In the meantime, enjoy your new relationship and try not to stress over this missed period. If you are trying to conceive, you are likely to be successful. If not now, soon.  No....condoms don't cause yeast. Yeast is an "opportunistic organism" that is present in our environment. When yeast finds a warm, dark, moist place to take up residence (like a vagina, a diapered area, etc.), it can take hold. Yeast....happens.  Unless a star rose in the East, your little cousin is not telling the whole truth. If that "messing around" included any penetration or ejaculation, it was certainly sufficient to cause of a pregnancy. Unless she inserted a turkey basting device filled with sperm or secretly had in vitro, she is lying or certainly in serious denial. Ask her how else sperm may have made it into her vagina, up her Fallopian tubes, and greeted a waiting egg? Sperm does not walk across the carpet, swim up a leg, circumvent the underwear, and seek out an egg all by itself. Let her tell her story. You know it is a bunch of baloney, but now that she has a baby, it would be better to focus on this new little life, than that little lie.  Anytime that you have unprotected sex and are inconsistent with your birth control pills, the possibility of pregnancy exists. Remember that your body is designed to get pregnant; not to prevent it. While the pill offers you excellent protection, you are not being very compliant. Unless you get better and taking them, you may want to consider a contraceptive method that does not require daily pills.  You are not at any risk from sexual contact from someone who has received a hepatitis vaccine. The vaccine is NOT capable of causing hepatitis, just preventing it.  I would suggest that you see your medical provider so that you can have your rectum examined, or have a flat-plate x-ray of your abdomen. No bowel movement for a week would seem to indicate a possible stool impaction, but your comment about the anal area being obstructed concerns me that you could have a foreign body (do you think this is possible?) or even a rectal prolapse. Even if you are carefully examined a week ago, it would be good to be re-examined. Something is amiss....  As soon as your surgeon give you the "okay". Open surgeries require longer healing times than a laparoscopic procedure, so your surgeon has the final say-so. I suspect it will not be more than a few weeks.  If you have two partners, maybe each one of them has two or more partners, so unprotected sex is never safe. You would essentially be having sex with every partner they have ever had, since some STDs are not very obvious. And, of course, don't forget about unplanned pregnancies. You may not want to be a parent, but one of them may have some hidden plans. Don't be a fool and play sexual roulette. If you are a male, use condoms. If you are a female, insist on them always.  Keep having unprotected sex and you will eventually find out. A low-sperm count (assuming he had it recently tested) is not a ZERO sperm count, and irregular periods do not necessarily imply that you are not ovulating. If you are trying to get pregnant and are worried about your success of doing so as a couple, then you BOTH need to see a fertility specialist for an examinaton....or keep having unprotected sex.  If this is an innocent skin cyst on the shaft of your penis, and properly diagnosed by a medical professional (and not self-diagnosed), a cyst would not preclude you from sexual activity, as long as its presence did not worry your partner. These tiny cysts (often sebaceous cysts) can be easily removed, so if they are concerning you, just get the cyst taken off.  I know of no STD that appears as a "bump" a few hours after having sex, so this may be just some vaginal trauma. Since you did have sex two weeks ago, probably without a condom, there is still the possibility that you were exposed to an STD. Getting tested would be advised. Using a condom next time would be less expensive, less-stressful for you, and infinitely safer.  It would be very unlikely that your husband has a UTI that is being passed to you, but sexual activity alone can lead to urinary problems, including infections. The mechanics of vaginal intercourse often spreads bacteria that has colonized in the neighborhood. Not all urinary burning is a UTI; some are just cystitis (irritation of the urinary opening). Women who do get infections associated with sexual activity frequently can be prescribed an post-coital antibiotic by their medical provider.  Not usually, but "Trich" is a parasite that can live in moist environments, so it is theoretically feasible for this to happen.  Yes, unfortunately, there are viable sperm in the seminal secretions the occur before ejaculations, to the possibility of pregnancy exists. When a condom breaks, your girlfriend has the option of taking the "morning after" pill....or you will both need to sweat it out and see if she has her normal menstrual period.  Some facts: 1. Herpes is not the only STD out there. 2. Condoms protect against STDs, like Chlamydia, gonorrhea, HIV, etc. 3. Both you and your boyfriend have had previous partners. It doesn't take much for either one of your to stray (even though you may pledge monogamy). All it takes is a bad argument sometimes... 4. Condoms are cheap. I vote that you continue to use condoms until both of you are 100% committed to an honest, permanent relationship, and you are 100% sure than neither one of you has any other type of latent STD that has not reared its ugly head.  No...that would not be very likely.  When you have a hard or large size stool, it may "milk" semen from your prostate gland. This would be one possible explanation for your discharge. Another, of course, would be a prostate infection or even an sexually-transmitted disease. In order to be properly diagnosed, you will need to see a medical provider so you can be properly examined.  The best answer would be to wait until BOTH partners have been sucessfully treated and you have a negative test result. If not, it would be best to wait a week and remember to always use condoms  You and your girlfriend are safe....for now. Sex play tends to progress to the point where it may become more risky in the future, so please be very, very careful. No sexual contact without a condom, my friend. Keep those sperm where you can keep track of them....  Why would it be unhealthy? This is where ejaculations are supposed to be....inside the vagina. If you have an issue or concern about this, you can discuss it with your husband and ask him to ejaculate outside of our vagina.  It depends on the location of the shingles, but skin-to-skin contact can definitely spread this herpes viruses. A person with active shingles is usually in pain and may not be particularly interested in sexual activity anyway.  The foreskin will automatically retract during intercourse; that is the beauty of the design. You need not retract it before insertion, nor can you prevent it from retraction during sex. If his penis is overly sensitive, just slow down the process and make sure that the parts are well lubricated. It will be fine. The vast majority of men on this planet are uncircumcised; just the way that God made them, so things will be fine. As far as penetration is concerned, experiment with a few different positions. It is likely that more than an inch is happening.  No....this is not an effective aphrodisiac, even for deer. Don't waste your money on worthless concoctions. Try a beautiful card, fresh flowers, and compliments.....works much better.  There may be no logical reason for this occurrence...it just happens, and should not be considered a problem. Lubrication during sex is a very complex event, but typically, the greater the excitation, the greater the lubrication. You and your partner must be doing something right. There is really nothing medically that can be done to change the amount of lubrication your body decides to emit.  Guilt can cause some interesting side effects. I suspect you can achieve intercourse with your wife because you are comfortable with her, and marital relationships are appropriate. You may be having problems having sex with someone other than you wife because you have deep-down feelings of guilt or remorse about this forbidden relationship. There is not likely anything wrong medically with your penis, but since your penis is controlled by your brain, perhaps this is where you should focus. We all possess our own sense of right and wrong, so maybe your brain is trying to tell you something? Maybe if you asked your wife for permission to have sex with your girlfriend, things may be easier....or not.  The leakage of semen BEFORE ejaculation can definitely have viable sperm, so the possibility of pregnancy exists. Because you are not using condoms or any other type of contraception, you always will need to be concerned. A bit of pre-planning by using birth control and/or condoms would certainly help alleviate the worry and uncertainty.  The inability to achieve or maintain an erection could be medical or psychological, or both. Unfortunately, it would not be possible to determine a specific cause in your case based solely on the limited information you have posted in your question. My first inclination (no pun intended) would be to feel that his is a limited psychological response, perhaps due to some performance anxiety. If you can achieve an erection at other times, such as a morning erection or during masturbation, this would be the likely underlying cause. Nearly every man, at one time or another, will experience temporary erectile dysfunction. Alcohol use can be a factor, so you may want to consider giving it up for a while, until things improve. You did not mention using other recreational drugs, but cannabis, Ecstasy, and others have been implicated in temporary erectile dysfunction. If not, you will need to seek the services of a skilled medical professional to look for a medical explanation.  You also need to seriously be more careful. While it would be highly unlikely, near impossible in fact, for your girl friend to become pregnant based solely on the description of this sexual play, it is only a matter of time before your sex play will progress to the point where pregnancy becomes more and more likely. For now, you and your girl friend may be safe....but what about next time, and the time after that? If you are going to continue to "get dirty" as you call it and not abstain, it may be time for you to take this more seriously. Your girl friend may need to be on an effective form of birth control, and you either need to wear a condom or stop playing with Mother Nature.  Children can get HPV from their mother during a vaginal birth, if the mother is infected. HPV on the outside of the skin can be transmitted to others by direct contact during skin-to-skin sexual play. HPV can be contracted from oral sex if one partner has the virus orally. Most of the times, however, HPV that is detected on a woman's cervix has gotten there just one way....through sexual contact.  No, you will not get TSS from a piece of condom (most likely latex, not rubber). If there is a retained piece, it will not likely cause any problems, but you can carefully check with your finger, or use a gentle warm water douche to wash out any possible remnants.  Anytime...and I mean, anytime , that you have unprotected sex and are not using any form of effective birth control, you can potentially become pregnant. Your body is designed to become pregnant, not prevent it . I am reading between the lines of your brief question, but I am assuming you feel that your weight gain could be a sign of pregnancy. Obviously, not all unintentional weight gains are due to pregnancy, but you would need to take a home pregnancy test to determine if you are pregnant or not. Weight gain can be an expected response to excess calorie intake or the retention of water. Be more careful if you do not want an unplanned pregnancy. If you cannot use an effective form of birth control for any reason, insist that your partner use a condom....every time. You are one who should be in control. Given the choice of using a condom or NOT having sex, most men will choose condoms.  Give it a rest. It should heal spontaneously in a few days. Keep using the antibiotic ointment.  If you are not practicing safe sex (using condoms), and your two partners have had sexual partners in the past, you can most definitely get an STD.  Yes, if you want. You may have the UTI of sex in the first place, so if it doesn't hurt to pee anymore and you are feeling better, you can have sex while you are still taking the antibiotics. If it hurts, don't do it. Many women will still have the urge to urinate more often until the infection is under control. Remember to drink lots of fluids and be extra, extra careful about your sexual hygiene. Most UTIs are caused by bacteria from your colon that somehow gets transferred to your vaginal/urethral area. This can happen from contaminated fingers during foreplay to a wandering penis (even in a condom) that gets too near your anal opening. If you are having anal sex, then a UTI is just about guaranteed. As soon as you finish having sex, try to urinate to flush out your urethral area, and try and drink as much as you can the next day as well. Keep those pipes flowing.  Try a different brand of condom. Some are thicker and less sensitive than others. Have a condom on during foreplay and get used to it. If you are losing your erection, just relax and allow your partner to help you out. It will most likely come back. They always do..... As you may know, there is nothing physically wrong with you or your condom use. This is just psychological. With a caring and understanding partner, your sexual exploits can last longer and actually be more interesting by repeatedly getting and losing an erection. Besides, there are many more ways to please your partner than with your penis. Don't stop using he condom (no matter what your confused brain is trying to tell you). Safe sexual practices are absolutely essential. Do not compromise.  Having unprotected sex with someone who has herpes puts you at a definite risk. Washing off afterwards is not going to offer you any protection.  There are plenty of potential side-effects of Depo Provera, but that does not mean you will get them. Before chosing any hormonal form of contraception, you need to see a medical provider or Planned Parenthood so you can learn about ALL of the available methods for YOU, and the one that would be best for YOU. You can read all about Depo Provera on-line. Your boyfriend should not be chosing your contraceptive method just because he does not like to use condoms. Condoms do more than just prevent unwanted pregnancies. They help prevent sexually-transmitted diseases....Depo doesn't do that. I vote that yoru boyfriend continues with those condoms until YOU decide the best contraceptive (and STD prevention) method for YOU.  Penises don't have fingernails. And, intercourse may actually be more gentle than your lover's not-so-gentle touch.  Oral sex is sexual stimulation of a partner using the mouth on the genital area.  You are experiencing a condition called Erectile Dysfunction (ED). There are many excellent medciations to rectify this problem. Because this issue is new to you and there can be some underlying medical reasons, it would be wise to see your medical provider or a urologist for a examination. Besides, ED meds are by prescription, so you will need to get one. If medications are not what you want, there are other erectile aids that can be used, so please talk to your medical provider. Both you and your wife will be pleased.  Masturbation will not change the diameter or overall size of your penis. Frequent ejaculation will decrease your sperm volume and sperm count, but only temporarily. Masturbation is considered safe, but if you feel the need to masturbate 15 times per day, you need to find another hobby.  There is no "normal" time, my friend. Since I don't know if you are writing as a concerned man with a short fuse, or a disappointed partner, I will try and be blunt. I assume you are asking about "too quick", since very few people complain if the sexual act goes to long. Levels of excitation will vary, and a man is likely to climax quickly when he is a high state of arousal. So what? Just plan on going for a second round a bit later which will most likely take longer and may be more pleasurable to your partner. If you are a disappointed partner, then insist on prolonged foreplay to the point where your excitement level matches your partner, and then go for it. Again, second rounds tend to last longer, so just cuddle a bit until both of you are ready to go again. Don't judge the sexual act based on the clock, but rather the level of intimacy you have with your partner.  There are many different types of STDs. Some can be immediately detected, while others can have various, delayed incubation periods before they can be accurately diagnosed. Anytime that you have unprotected sex, you are at risk of contacting an STD. You will need to see a medical provider so that you can be properly examined, tested, and treated if necessary. Wouldn't it be easier...cheaper....and less-stressful to just use condoms?  Females, in general, are not afraid of intercourse or you wouldn't be here. It is normal to be reluctant or concerned about sexual intimacy, especially for the first time.  Unfortunately, yes. There is always a small risk, even with condoms and even avoiding sex during an outbreak....it depends on the location of his herpes and the extent of your sexual activity. The risk is quite small, with these precautions, but it is not "zero"  The condom can cause an irritation, but so can the act of vaginal sex....especially for the first time.The redness or swollen area at the entrance to your vagina could be from some tiny tears along your hymen (assuming you still had one at the time you had sex for the first time) Burning on urination could be "cystitis", irritation and inflammation at the opening where you pee (used to be called "honeymoon cystitis" back in the days when the honeymoon was the first time a woman had sex), or even a urinary tract infection. Sexual activity can stir up a lot of germs in this area -- and germs can lead to a urinary or bladder infection. Germs can come from fingers, mouths (oral sex) as well as a penis. Now that you have chosen to be sexually involved, you have a responsibility to make adult-like decisions when it comes to your medical care. If you do have a urinary tract infection (burning on urination, frequency, urgency, or even blood when you wipe), this needs to be medically evaluated. A urine test will not reveal your recent sexual debut, so it is really up to you whether to disclose this information. A pelvic examination is not usually needed to make this diagnosis...only a simple urine test. My suggestion would be for you to get checked...just in case. Women and girls of all ages can get urinary infections, whether they are having sex or not. Obviously, infections are more common if you do have sex. I am pleased that you and your partner used a condom. Make sure you use them 100% of the time or urinary burning will be the least of your problems.  It is unlikely that you would get pregnant from the ejaculation just on your underwear, but you can get pregnant from the leakage of semen BEFORE ejaculation as you were having unprotected vaginal sex. If you are engaging in this type of risky sexual practices, you need to be on an effective contraceptive AND your boyfriend must use a condom......or it is only a matter of time until you are pregnant. Did you get pregnant this time? I don't know, but you should take a pregnancy test if you miss your period or start having any signs of pregnancy. If you do not get pregnant from this careless act, out of sheer luck, please use this stressful experience as a lesson and DON'T DO THIS AGAIN.  You will need to see a medical provider. There is really no way to blindly determine the true nature or significance of these "bumps" based on a vague description.  That's a bit like going to have your appendix removed before you have appendicitis. It is sooo much easier (and more effective) to PREVENT an unintentional pregnancy that to take a hormone like Plan B. Remember that preventing conception is just one part of this equation. You also need STD prevention and Plan B will not to that. What should be done "before hand" is for the woman to be one an oral contraceptive (or another effective form of contraception) AND insist that her partner use a condom 100% of the time/ If Plan B was the answer, then it would be called Plan A.  See your gynecologist. There could be a discoverable reason why you are having painful sex so you won't have to use EMLA (an anesthetic cream).  Mono can be transmitted by "intimate" contact, but not necessarily from sexual activity, which can involve face-to-face contact even if you restrain from kissing. The EBV virus (the cause of mono) has a long incubation period (many weeks) so you have most likely been exposed already. Exposure to any infectious disease does not automatically mean you will get it since many people already have had mono in their lives and did not know it. Because of past exposure or a mild form of mono that was not diagnosed in the past, your sexual partner may have protective antibodies. Mono is not considered a sexually transmitted disease, but the closeness of this type of intimate encounter could spread the virus to a vulnerable person....or not. Victims of mono are often very tired and exhausted, so they may not be overly-interested in sexual activity, but if your wife is feeling better (mono may not last more than a week in some mild cases), you can make a mutual decision, keeping in mind that you were most likely exposed BEFORE you knew she had mono.  You do realize that I have no way of examining you over the Internet. A direct examination (not a photo) would be required by a medical professional to address your concern.  People need INTIMACY, and sex is just part of the package. Age has nothing to do with it, and everyone is different as to their needs/desires.  It is called a HYMEN , and it is not dislodged upon intercourse. If present, the hymen may tear/rupture, resulting in some bleeding, or it can simply stretch and not bleed at all. Many virginal women do not have detectable hymens since this delicate tissue can be torn or accidentally ruptured as a child from straddle injuries, sports activities, or using tampons after the onset of menses.  Have your gynecologist perform a pelvic exam during this time or order an ultrasound. A bimanual examination or the ultrasound may reveal the answer. One possibility of many could be an ovarian cyst.  It is probably your current boyfriend (just a guess), but your previous boyfriend could have spread it to you as well and the virus has not reared its ugly head until now. Needless to say, ONE of them gave it to you and you are partially responsible, too, since you permitted unprotected sex. If your current boyfriend refuses to be tested, this is just a like a suspected drunk driver refusing a blood alcohol test. According to the law, refusal to be tested is equivalent to guilt. Since herpes often accompanies other STDs, you would be wise to be tested for more than just herpes.  I am not sure exactly what "fleshy area" you are talking about, so I would suggest that your bring this up during a gynecological exam so that your practitioner can address this concern. Most normal female anatomy does not interfere with intercourse, but if you have some sort of a unique anomaly, then a medical provider will need to see it. The urethral area alone can be quite sensitive from intercourse. In the meantime, please ask that your partner exercise a bit more caution during sex so that any sensitive area is not traumatized.  I don't know anything about you, like your age, to know if this problem is hormonal or not, but until you have a chance to see your gynecologist for patient-specific advice, I would suggest that you use one of the many sexual lubricants available over-the-counter. And, your partner needs to take time with adequate foreplay, to allow you to naturally lubricate before intercourse.  No...testosterone will not enlarge your penis or scrotum. Due to side effects, it would not be advisable to take it unless you are proven to be low in this male hormone, and it was specifically prescribed by your medical provider. By the way: A good sex life has very little to do with penis size. It is how you use it.....  There are no "side effects" (like impotency) from masturbation....face down, face up, face sideways, or hanging upside down.  Anytime that you have unprotected sex, you have the possibility of getting pregnant, so DON'T DO IT. And, make that guy use a condom, no matter what fairy tale story he told you about the "3%" chance of getting you pregnant. That is baloney. Don't you know that men lie? Yes...you could be pregnant, so you can really take a pregnancy test anytime now, but you may need to repeat it again in another week or so if you do not have your period. Your medical provider can also order a very sensitive blood pregnancy test if you want to increase your accuracy.  Find the sand...or the sperm? During a pelvic exam, we really don't look for either one, but if a smear was taken and microscopically examined, then yes...sperm may be seen. The sand we would likely just ignore.  Absolutely not. The air inside does not mean anything, let alone proof of infidelity.  Your boyfriend may already have HPV, so don't be afraid to tell him. Honesty is the best and safest policy when involved in a sexual union. If he has had previous partners like you have, he could have already been infected....if not from you, from someone else. If you have HPV in your mouth or throat, you could transmit it orally, vaginally, or even, anally...it depends on where you have it. I know you have heard this before, but the use of condoms will certainly limit the spread of HPV to your sexual partner....or any future partner.  I have no way of answering that question since I have no way of determining the underlying reason for the blood in your semen. You may need to wait until you see your medical provider.  Based on the information in your posting, it does not seem likely that this would be herpes, let alone a genital herpes. The most likely cause would be a contact dermatitis (how in the world would you get poison ivy here anyway?). It could be some residual chemicals in a laundry detergent, soap, dryer softeners, or even the elastic band of your under-clothing....many things. Instead of Benadryl (which can cause some sensitivity reactions itself), a trial of hydrocortisone may be helpful. There is really no way to medical prove as specific cause if it is a contact dermatitis. Herpes on the skin is painful. It is composed of groups of tiny, water-filled blisters that rupture. The area surrounding these tiny blisters is red and irritated. It can itch, but pain and tingling would be a more common symptom. There are certainly other considerations, so I am pleased you are seeing a medical provider for a hands-on examination.  Of course. This is really the ONLY way to get a accurate diagnosis -- the reason for you vaginal odor and post-coital spotting. There can be many reasons....from infections to a retained tampon (assuming you use tampons). Get it checked out.  Your chances are certainly higher than if you would have taking your birth control pills as directed and insisted that your partner use a condom...... Yes, you could have easily gotten pregnant this way. If pregnancy is not your goal, then I suggest that you start taking a few pregancy tests when the time is appropriate.  No...the hymen does not grow back. It is gone, but not forgotten.  If this is the first time that you have had sex, this bleeding can be from your hymen - a thin, vascular tissue that surrounds the opening of the vagina. This often will bleed from tearing. Burning with urination can also be related to first-time sexual experience (often called "honeymoon cystitis") but it can be from a urinary tract infection. Should this burning (or bleeding) persist, you may need to see your medical provider for a proper examination and a urine test to see if you have an infection.  I cannot view your penis photograph, nor can you be adequately diagnosed by just viewing a photo anyway. You must see a medical provider for a direct examination so you can be properly diagnosed. Skin tags are common on the penis, but so are many other skin lesions. DO NOT USE Compound W on your penis!  No, she will not get pregnant this way, but you are both involved in some risky sexual activity that may eventually escalate to even-riskier acts. If you both have decided to engage in sexual activity, you need to be very, very careful. Think about contraception.....just in case.  Sure, but why don't you get your inguinal hernia fixed? This is just trouble waiting to happen in the event that your hernia becomes incarcerated.  You will need to discuss this issue with your OB-GYN...someone who knows you and your case. I cannot blindly determine if this bleeding and cramping is "normal" after having sex, unless I had a way of determining the source of the blood. Your pregnancy is much too-important to rely on Internet advice, so please contact you OB today.  Any time that you have sex......without a condom, whether there is an ejaculation or not....is risky for an unintentional pregnancy. Plan B needs to be taking within 72 hours of unprotected sex, so five days is too late now. You have made TWO major mistakes: Allowing your male partner to have vaginal sex without a condom...even for a "few minutes" and even it "didn't feel good". And, waiting too long to use Plan B effectively. You need to be on a more effective contraceptive, like the birth control pill, AND you need to be more assertive when insisting on condom use. Give a horny guy a choice between sex ONLY with a condom or no sex at all....guess which one he will choose? It is a waiting game now. Hopefully, these careless acts will not result in an unintentional pregnancy for you (your boyfriend does not risk pregnancy, obviously).  Men rarely get urinary tract infections, so there may be a bit more to the story that you know. His disinterest in sex may also have deeper meaning, but it would not be prudent for either one of us to guess why. Talk open to him and ask. Suggest that he get some professional help. If he is depressed or worried about other things, sex may be the last thing on his mind. Men tend to hold things inside, so he may have difficulty talking to you or anyone about this.  No....if you consider the global perspective, many families sleep in the same room...same tent....or same hut. I don't know the specific circumstances that are concerning you in this case, but it is neither illegal or considered abusive to have a child if he same sex to sleep in the same room as a parent.  Not all people are "sexperts", so I consider all questions to be valid. There are no dumb questions....just unanswered questions, and if you can't ask your most basic or intimate questions to a medical provider for a straight and serious answer, who can you ask? If you thing on-line questions about sex are amusing, you should spend a day with me in an Adolescent Health clinic. Feel free to answer some of the basic sex questions if you know the answer, but be nice. You were young and uninformed at some point in your life as well.  ??? What exactly are you removing ? I think you should re-post your question to clarify what you mean.  If your history as true, and I have no doubt that you are being honest, the most likely cause IS a yeast infection. Yeast loves warm, dark, moist places and your vagina fits the bill perfectly. Yeast is notorious for causing extreme itching, swelling, redness, and a discharge, so do not hesitate to talk to your mother. In most cases, your mother has experienced vaginal yeast infections herself, and will be able to help you. There are many effective, over-the-counter medications, and even an oral pill that your medical provider can prescribe. This problem can be easily fixed, so don't delay.  Sex workers, no matter what they charge, have a higher incidence of sexually-transmitted diseases when compared to the general population. Multiple partners, infrequent testing, and pre-existing STDs that may not be obvious at the time of exposure, are the greatest risks that one might encounter. Whether you were exposed to one or more of the array of STDs out there is anyone's guess. Your concern should have been raised BEFORE seeking sexual contact with a prostitute, but of course, that is a bit too late now. Testing may or may not reveal exposure or diseases in there incubation process, but I think that it would be wise to be tested based on your level of worry over this incident.  The reasons may be numerous, and of course, very complex and highly-individualized. This is not something that can be blindly solved over the Internet. Your first step is to make sure there is not something medically/physically wrong that can account for your displeasure. Then, you may need to see a psychologist -- someone skilled in sexual dsyfunction -- to help you sort out the possible reasons, and solution to solve this very distressing dilemma.  I am sorry, but I cannot. Without the ability to examine you first-hand, there is really no way for me to blindly guess what is causing your pain or bleeding. Have you considered seeing a different gynecologist for an official second opinion. Since your current one has had several attempts at solving this medical puzzle, perhaps a second set of professional eyes will be more successful. Two doctor heads are better than just one in these more-challenging cases.  You are apparently trying to get pregnant since you are not using any form of contraception. Assuming your partner is capable of fathering a child, it should only be a matter of time, assuming you are capable of getting pregnant. These things, of course, cannot be determined over the Internet. Take a pregnancy test, but be prepared to repeat it in a week or so. You can also see your gynecologist for an exam or more sensitive pregnancy blood test. Since you are also have an array of symptoms that may or may not be related to a pregnancy, an exam would be highly recommended.  That is a possibility, but you would need to see your health care provider and be properly tested to be absolutely sure. Symptoms alone are not sufficient to know if you acquired an STD or not. If you were having unprotected sex with someone that has or may have other sexual partners, your risk of an STD greatly increases, so I would suggest that you be properly examined and have a few screening STD tests. Your symptoms do not necessarily mean you have an STD...there can certainly be other reasons....but for your peace of mind, it would be nice to know that you do not. Next time...if there is a next time....insist on condoms.  The first and most important consideration would be an infection, so please try and get a sooner appointment....some things should not wait, so call the doctor personally if you can. There are other anatomical problems (tiny fissure, cuts, impacted tampons, etc.) that can cause vaginal odor and/or pain, but again, an examination is essential. A guess based solely on vague symptoms is not the same as an accurate diagnosis and treatment.  Yes, you can get the vaccine.  No. Unless the person you had unprotected sex with actually had hepatitis, you are not at risk. Exposure does not equal contagiousness, and you cannot catch a disease from a person simply because they were vaccinated.  There is definitely a chance, since viable sperm can remain for nearly a week. If you don't want to get pregnant, you only have two choices: no sexual intercourse, or using an effective contraceptive method. You will just need to sweat it out for a while, perhaps take a few home pregnancy tests, until you are sure.  While the chance of pregnancy is small, it is not "zero". Semen that is excreted during sexual excitation can be loaded with viable sperm. There is no way to calculate your "chances" of getting your girlfriend pregnant by this risky sex play, so you will need to sweat it out. She could take a "morning after" pill, or you can just wait until she has (or misses) her next period. Take this experience as a serious lesson. Use a condom. Your girlfriend should be on some sort of birth control. And....you should NOT be engaging in sexual activity that could end up with an unintentional pregnancy.  No, oral sex would have no influence on the timing of your menstrual period.  You will need to be examined by a medical provider to find the source of the bleeding. It is most likely that the sexual practice caused some trauma to your vaginal area. And...you will need to have a long, serious talk withyour boyfriend about "good touch" and "bad touch". He will need some lessons on proper foreplay.  There is really no medical way to suppress sexual desire -- a normal human response -- no more that you can permanently suppress hunger or the need to urinate. There are drugs that can curtain the production of testosterone, but I would not see any medical provider giving this to you to suppress your sexual desires. Just because you have the desire in no way compels you to have sex if you don't want to. Having a castration would control desire, but again, I would think this would be wrong....very wrong. Perhaps it would be best for you to seek some counseling.  It is okay to have sex when you are pregnant.  ANYTIME that you have unprotected intercourse with a woman, she has the potential of getting pregnant. If this was not your intention, then why in the world did you have unprotected sex? The human body is designed to concieve; not designed to prevent it. Whether your sexual partner is pregnant or not and you are the father, you would have to see some proof or confirmation. If she is having unprotected sex with others, then she may have already been pregnant. If you are not interested in getting these sort of calls, use a condom! It is not rocket science: when a few million sperm and a lonely ova meet, pregnancy is always a possibility, so do you part....ALWAYS.  If you are having unprotected sex, even with someone that you assume is "clean" or STD free, you are still at risk. Many women who have Chlamydia or even gonorrhea contracted from a previous partner, are not aware of it. If you are now having a penile discharge (not normal), then it would be in YOUR best interest in finding out the reason. It will also be in your partner's best interest to know as well.  Gonorrhea is a sexually-transmitted disease, so if you truly have an accurate diagnosis of gonorrhea involving your penis, you did not get it from kissing a girl twice, unless this kiss involved your genitals and she had pharyngeal gonorrhea. Non-sexually transmitted gonorrhea is technically possible if you had penile contact with fresh secretions, like a toilet seat or wearing someone's contaminated underwear, but as you can imagine, this rarely, if ever, happens. So, if you are being 100% honest and I assume that you are, then I would have no idea how you got it. If you had a throat culture that grew out (the genus of gonorrhea), then it will need more thorough laboratory testing, since there can be an innocent gram-negative bacterial species of that grows in the throat that is gonorrhea.  I am so sorry to hear about your childhood molestation, so I can understand that oral sex with your husband could surface some of those past demons. Having a consentual, caring sexual relationship with your husband is not the same. I trust that your husband will be respectful and understanding about your reluctance. I can assure you that semen is harmless in your mouth, but your husband does not have to ejaculate....he can control it. You will not get any disease-causing germs from this practice in a monogamous relationship with your husband. Consentual, oral sex is safe and can be pleasurable for both of you. This would be a new sexual experience for you, so if you are emotionally ready, take "little steps" at first.  Semen (containing sperm) tends to quickly liquefy after ejaculation. It can be thick and mucous-like at first, but it tends to thin out rapidly. It is also mixing with your vaginal secretions, so gravity is really your answer. The vagina is angled so that it drains....it drains menstrual blood monthly. Deposits of semen will drain as well when you are more upright, or during your sleep...hence, the dreaded "wet spot".  Anytime that you have unprotected sex, whether your partner claims the did not ejaculate or not, you have the possibility of getting pregnant. The day before your period is not usually the time of ovulation, so you are probably good....this time. Whether than stress out over being pregnant, just INSIST that your partner use a condom, whether he objects to it or not. Given the choice of "sex with a condom" or "no sex", he will pick the condom each time. You need to be on another form of birth control as well, since you are already playing sexual roulette.  If your partner has HIV, then you should be worried. If you have no idea of your partner's HIV status, then you need to seriously re-evaluate your risky sexual practices. Condoms do protect from HIV if used properly. HIV is more likely to be transmitted anally, than orally. If you are having stranger sex, it would be best for you to be tested....and tested again on a regular basis.  No, UTIs are not contagious from a woman to a man, assuming this UTI is not due to Chlamydia. Most common UTIs are caused by bacteria that migrate from the colon. Assuming that your partner has tested negative for sexually-transmitted diseases, this UTI should not cause any symptoms in you.  I don't know how the Chlamydia was treated....was the dose appropriate and taken long enough? Were you compliant in taking it properly? Are you male or female? Do have more than one partner? As much as I would like to address your question, I really do not have enough information.  No, urinary tract infections are not contagious. A person with a bacterial infection in their urinary tract could indeed transfer these bacteria to a vagina during sexual intercourse, but it would be unlikely for the exposed person to get a urinary tract infection for this alone. With that said, you can develop a urinary tract infection, on your own, from sexual activity. As a matter of fact, this is listed as one of the most common causes. In most cases, it your own bacteria -- bacteria from your colon and rectal area -- that become contaminated or colonized in your vaginal area, that gets transferred into your urethra/bladder during sexual activity.  The risk of Lyme disease would depend on the TYPE of tick (tiny deer ticks are the usual culprit, not dog or wood ticks), and if you live in an area that has a lot of Lyme cases. If you had saved the tick, the local health department may be able to check it for you. Since I suspect you did not, I would suggest that you all your local health department (I don't know where you live) for some better local advice, or have your fiance call his medical provider. You really do not enough information at this time to determine individual risk.  A man with functioning testicles is always producting sperm. An ejaculation depletes some, but not all of the sperm. Sperm and semen is replenished quite rapidly; an amount that varies from man to man.  No, bleeding does not always happen. If the woman has an thick, occlusive hymen, a traumatic tear during an initial intercourse can cause some bleeding, but many virginal women do not have this type of hymen. Hymens will stretch over time from using tampons or they can just atrophy (shrink away) from riding bikes, exercises, etc., so bleeding may never occur.  Pain with urination can be urethritis (irritation of the urinary opening) associated with sex....or a UTI (urinary tract infection). The spotting can be caused by numerous things, from minor sex-related trauma to menstrual spotting. Without an exam and a urinalysis, there is really no way to know conclusively the specific reason(s) for your symptoms. If you are still having symptoms, you will need to see a medical professional.  When your partner has multiple other partners....and is pregnant, I would question her overall integrity. The ONLY way that you will know if you or someone else is the father of this child is to have an official paternity test.  Urinary tract infections in men are very rare. STDs in men are unfortunately, not rare. A urinary tract infection (UTI) does NOT cause puss to be seeping from his penis. This is most likely to be gonorrhea, or the very least, Chlamydia . Occasionally, a man can have a penile discharge from prostatitis. Tests for Chlamydia and gonorrhea can take a few days (assuming the ER ordered them, which I hope they did). At first, the urine can look like an UTI, but my skeptical eyebrows are definitely high. I would suspect and STD until otherwise proven by a lab test. If your boyfriend is, or may be, having unprotected sex with others, then YOU need to go and be tested. A simple urine test will determine if YOU have an STD. No sex, or sex only with condoms until you get some definitive answers.  A woman can theoretically become pregnant anytime she has unprotected sex, but in reality, there are only a few days per month that you can actually conceive. Based on what you have shared, you were not likely at at time of ovulation, and your sperm encounter was outside and not intravaginally. It would be highly unlikely that you would become pregnant in this event.  You are probably just fine.....a few hours late is not going to automatically make you vulnerable to an unintended pregnancy, especially at this point in your cycle. If you are really worried, just use a secondary form of contraception, like condoms, until you are convinced that all is well.  You will not catch Chlamydia that way....so relax. You and your girlfriend are safe and your roomate is under treatment. There is nothing wrong with spraying a little Lysol on those contaminated surfaces, like toilet seats, though.  That is silly advice, but you do have a 50/50 chance of having a boy (or girl) no matter when you have sex...every day, or every other day. Chromosomes are INSIDE the sperm and egg...the "Y" doesn't really attach to anything.The fastest sperm is often the one that impregnates you, so if you want a boy, all you can do is hope that the sperm swims like Michael Phelps. There are many old wive's tales about techniques to improve your chances of having a boy or girl, but in the end, those techniques are no better than a coin toss. If you get what you want, you will praise the method you used. If you don't, you will not recommend it to anyone. So, let Nature make the decision for you and don't stress out about the sex of a baby that has not been conceived yet. Just hope for a happy, healthy baby.  HPV does not "cure itself" in two years.....  Sexual excitation leading to an ejaculation is controlled in the brain , not the penis. The fact that you can continue to have sexual activity after ejaculation is really good, so that first "fast one" is really not that problematic (other than changing condoms). Yes, there are some special techniques you can employ to postpone ejaculation if you have a cooperative partner. A little research on the Internet for "premature ejaculation techniques" would likely provide you will ample information. No, there are not special foods that will increase your sexual stimina, but if you eat a lot of garlic, your partner is unlikely to have sex with you at all!  It would be highly unlikely that pregnancy could occur from the scenerio that you described. There are many things that cause a delay in the menses, including stress. Because you both are engaging in intimate sexual activity, it may only be a matter of time before you both decide to go the rest of the way and have vaginal sex. I would strongly suggest that you use condoms, and that your girlfriend be on another form of effective birth control.  A week? That is probably too early for any meaningful pregnancy test to be accurate. You will need to wait a few more weeks, and perhaps see if you miss a menstrual cycle. Wouldn't it have been easier to use some sort of contraception (assuming you did not want to become pregnant), than to go through this unnecessary worry and concern?  Yes, you can have sex when you have a cold, assuming your partner is willing to take the risk of sharing your cold, or the minor distraction of having you sneeze or cough during an intimate moment. If you feel well enough to have sex, it's okay to do it.  Masturbation is a choice. It is definitely not necessary. Eating is necessary. Drinking is necessary. Paying taxes is necessary. Masturbation is optional.  If the gender role was reversed and a man was writing, "Should I dump my girlfriend because she won't have sex?", how would you respond. Sex is the deepest and most intimate form of communication, but don't forget about talking. Ask him? Just because he is a guy, does not mean he is a horn-dog. He may have some deep concerns, fear of STDs, fear of pregnancy, performance fears, impotence, shy about his body, or even, a fear of intimacy. There could be religious reasons, too. If your relationship has lasted two years, there is something there. Ask him if he would be willing to have Couples Counseling. See if a third-party can break the ice.  Bleeding a little bit after your first sexual experience...even two days later....is nothing to be alarmed about. This is most likely from a hymenal tear. It should stop soon.  There may be nothing that you or her mother can do. She is 19 years old and definitely emancipated with five babies. While we may all agree that having more babies are not in her best interest, there is really no one who could legally force her to get sterilized or to use birth control. She can be counseled about birth control -- suggesting a good, reliable contraception that she does not have to think about -- such as an IUD or implant, but in the end, the choice is still left up to her.  It is not possible to offer you a number -- your statistical chances of becoming pregnant. There are just too many unknown factors to consider. I can say that the Depo Provera is an excellent contraceptive, but not 100%. When you have unprotected intercourse, you are really taking a chance with just about any contraceptive method, short of sterilization (tubal ligation). Could you be pregnant? Yes, that would be possible. You would need to see your medical provider and have a very accurate pregnancy test ordered or take a few home pregnancy tests. There can be many reasons for a woman to have sharp, lower abdominal pain, other than a pregnancy, so you would benefit from having a hands-on examination. This is really the only way to get a sure answer.  If the boy parts touch the girl parts, whether you ejaculate or not, there is always a small chance that pregnancy could occur. Sperm can be viable in the clear mucous that emits from your penis during sexual excitation. The chance is very remote, however, so I think you are good....this time. If your girlfriend is also having sex with someone else, that would be a different story. Having a little scare like this is good practice, If you continue with your risky sex-play, you are eventually going to have sex. Why not try and prevent it? Your partner should be on an effective method of birth control, and YOU should be wearing a condom. An erect penis is a loaded weapon, my worried friend.  You had UNPROTECTED sex? It is your "other" head that I am concerned about; this was not a good decision. Why would you not use protection against pregnancy? Even if you were both virgins (assuming both are honest), you still have the possibility of pregnancy. If your penis is sore, you will need to see a medical provider so that you can be properly examined. There is absolutely no way to blindly guess the reason for your symptoms based solely on your vague statement.  Any person's sexual drive is so individualized that one cannot make any generalizations based solely on age.  Seminal emissions before ejaculation are not "more potent" but they can contain sperm so unprotected sex is a no-no, unless of course, your desire is to get pregnant.  If he had HPV in his mouth or throat, he could conceivably transmit the virus, but this would not be very common.  Pregnancy is really about numbers: one of your wife's eggs available for fertilization (at the time of ovulation), and a few hundred million of your sperm waiting around for that egg to emerge. The odd are really in favor of fertilization in most cases. Having sex everyday is just fine. You don't really have to wait and store up a volume of semen (the bulk of an ejaculation is not sperm, but semen from the prostate gland). The more sperm that is ready and waiting, the better. The color or consistency is not something you should worry about. The semen really needs to be where you can't see it, if you know what I mean. Assuming everything is in order, the frequency that you have sex, the volume of your semen, will not be a major factor in achieving a successful pregnancy, but you do have to have sex, so get off of the computer and go for it.  I don't know, since I do not know anything about your boyfriend, but clearly there is something wrong in your sexless-relationship. If you have lived with a porn-loving guy who has not had sex with you in two years, it is you that may have the problem. Why don't you just leave and find a healthier relationship? And, he needs some help as well. I suggest a sex counselor or psychiatrist.  Maybe, perhaps in extreme or unusual sexual circumstances, but his parasite will not survive long in the mouth. It can thrive quite well in the female and male genital tract, however.  There is a risk of contracting a sexually-transmitted disease through unprotected oral sex. Herpes, Chlamydia, gonorrhea, syphilis, HIV, hepatitis, and a few others are possible. Ejaculation is not required to acquire an STD...just a penis without a condom is all that it takes. I have no way of calculating your risk, but if your oral partner has been with a lot of guys, you sort of just had sex with all of them. I am glad that her teeth and lips were fine, but you need to do more than just a dental exam. You need to be more selective with your partners, and practice safer sex. That way, you will not have to worry. The bottom line: You may have been exposed to an STD. If you are having any signs or symptoms of any of these STDs (you need to do some homework), then you will need to see a medical provider so you can be properly examined and tested. Condoms are so much more inexpensive than medical visits, diagnostic tests, and sleepless nights filled with worry. They are inexpensive, readily available, and they fit in your wallet. Use 'em next time and from now on.  If you don't start remembering to take your oral contraceptive on a regular basis and you do not insist that your boyfriend use a condom for extra pregnancy (and STD) insurance, then it will only be a matter of time before you become pregnant. Put your birth control pill with your toothbrush, so you will remember.  The unlikely sharing of sex toys or soiled underwear would do it, but in most cases trichomoniasis - a sexually-transmitted parasite -- is primarily spread by sexual activity.  I am not sure I completely understand your question since the main reason women take birth control is so that can have sex at the same time. If you are talking about taking just one pill or your first pill on the same day you had sex, this will not be an effective contraceptive. As you know, sex causes pregnancy IF you are ovulating at the time and your partner is capable of fathering a child. A woman on birth control pills really should complete a full cycle (one month of the pills plus a period) before using it as a contraceptive. Using condoms for the first month would offer good insurance.  Frequency of urination and dysuria (pain on urination) are two signs of a urinary tract infection. Another would be blood in the urine, but since you are spotting, this may not be noticed or obvious. Since urinary tract infections can be caused by sexual activity and you have been trying to get pregnant, I think it would be wise to have a urinalysis and a urine culture. It may be a bit too early to see if you are pregnant.  No....pregnancy will not have any effect on how much you develop. You are as tall as you were going to be, and your breasts would most likely have been the same size (perhaps smaller). Your puberty was not cut short, but having a child at an early age, sure caused your adolescence to be seriously cut short. You were well into puberty when you got pregnant, or...you would not have been able to become pregnant in the first place.  Yes.  Anytime that you have "unprotected sex", you will have a chance of becoming pregnant. You did take a morning after pill and had your menses, so the chance of you being pregnant now is considerably less. I cannot blindly comment on the red bumps on your nipples, however....you would need to be examined by a medical provider. Why don't you consider getting some effective birth control? You still should insist on condoms, but at least you will have a reliable back-up.  There is always an increased risk of transmission, even with the care that was exercised. A person with herpes is clearly more contagious during an active outbreak, but shedding of the virus can occur even when an outbreak is not obvious. Herpes viruses can remain on objects for hours. While the chance of transmission may be very small because of the caution that was exercised, it would not be "zero".  There are "natural ways" of contraception like the rhythm method or coitus interruptus (pulling out before ejaculation), but most people who practice these less-than-perfect methods end up being parents. Non-vaginal sex, like oral sex, mutual masturbation, etc. is effective but perhaps not enjoyable as good ol' fashioned intercourse. You can use a diaphragm or a cervical cap. Basically, you BOTH need to see a good gynecologist or visit Planned Parenthood for a consultation. Birth control pills, when properly prescribed, are safe. The do NOT have "high risks of side effects" like you believe. There are few natural ways of preventing pregnancy, since getting pregnant is really the natural way. Humans are designed to conceive; not to prevent pregnancy.  You may need to have a heart-to-heart talk with him about balancing your sexual activity so that it is pleasurable for BOTH of you, and perhaps use a sexual lubricant to help you with the dryness and irritation.  No. Your dental caries is not likely due to yeast, so you did not cause it.  It is highly, highly unlikely that you could become pregnant after a tubal ligation, especially if you are using condoms as well.  My advice is for you to see a gynecologist to determine why your menses is delayed. There are hormonal ways of correcting this problem.  Your problem could be psychological or physical, or perhaps, even a bit of both. Either way, the erectile dysfunction can be easily rectified with several different medicines designed to increase (and maintain) blood flow engorgement to the penis. If you maintain your erection longer, you will not likely have any related performance anxiety, so the problem could fix itself with a little blue pill. You may not always need it, but you may find this to be a temporary solution. These require a prescription, so you will need to ask your medical provider. Just one "failure to perform" could create a feeling that it will happen again, so this is where the psychological component plays a role. Assuming you do not have any underlying medical issues or psychological stresses affecting your life at the moment, this should get you back in the saddle again.  I don't know....I never had the opportunity to reach a personal limit (which in most cases is considerably less than what your mind creates). Sex, like any physical activity, can border on being addictive. I have known runnersand cyclists that were so addicted to the high from running/cycling that the could not stop, even for a day. If your sexual activity is interfering with your daily activities, or the activities of your partner(s), then it could be a problem for you. People can be obsessively hypersexual, for sure, like a nymphomaniac. If your hypersexual activity is risky (multiple partners, unsafe practices, etc.), then you may need some professional help. If you are just having a active sex life with a willing partner, then consider yourself a very lucky person.  It is highly unlikely that you had true sexual intercourse. Many five -year old children engage in sexual "play", mostly imitating adults that they may have observed. They like to "play doctor" and look at each others different parts, but sexual intercourse? Not when both children are just five.  No....not unless you were smoking it with them or eating it. I guess if you were in an enclosed room filled with cannabis smoke, a sensitive drug test could pick it up, but most of these scenerios are unlikely. Most people who test positive know exactly why they tested positive.  Eleven years ago? It would be next to impossible for you to carry gonorrhea for 11 years without any symptoms....painful urination and penile discharge that would have surely motivated you to seek medical care. There are other STDs, like HPV or syphilus that you could harbor this long, so if you are in doubt....just get tested.  There are no applicable percentages...there are just too many variables to consider. Needless to say, this person has TWO (perhaps, more) sexually-transmitted diseases and you apparently had unprotected sex. This is a high-risk situation so it is advisable for you to be tested periodically for HIV and other STDs until enough time has past that you are no longer considered to be "at risk".  If your penis is only slightly bent, it will not interfere with sexual activity. Without having an exact diagnosis, it would be very premature to know if there was a treatment or cure; you would need to be examined by a urologist first. There is a condition called Peyronie's disease that you can read about, that involves a bend in the penis during erections. I don't know if you have this particular condition or not, since you have had this condition, apparently from birth.  Yes, spotting can be common on this form of birth control. It may improve with time, or you may continue to have spotting, in which case you may have to find a different hormonal birth control method.  No. You and your wife can still have a sex life without fear that this activity will cause a problem with the remaining kidney.  There is absolutely no way I could answer that question, based solely on your brief scenerio. If you are struggling with your sexual feeling/attractions, I would strongly suggest that you see a counselor experienced in this area. Don't label yourself....  It is certainly possible. Having unprotected sex for years without getting pregnant, you are either very lucky or something is amiss. It would not be likely that a medical provider would do a fertility work-up on either one of you now, especially since you are on oral contraceptives now, but the possibility does exists that there may be a fertility problem.  You can ask your doctor, but there should not be a medical reason why you could not have oral sex. If you are both healthy, there should be no health risks to you or the baby.  Oraquick? I am not sure what this test is, or what it tests for. Sorry.  The pregnancy tests are not likely to be wrong. If you are bleeding, it would be wise for you to see your medical provider or OB/GYN for an examination to determine the source and reason.  You may have a medical condition called BALANITIS . Please see your medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  Staph is contagious by DIRECT CONTACT, so if the Staph skin infection is on the mouth....or the genitals, it can be transmitted by contact with those areas. It can also be transmitted by the hands of the person, if they have touched the infected areas and have not properly washed their hands. Not all exposed persons will come down with a Staph infection.  Ask her. Don't just assume that her vagina will reveal her recent sexual past while you were not together. Did you have some sort of an understanding that she would not date or have sex with others while you were absent? Were YOU celibate for the last three months? If either one of you have had unprotected sex, it is STD screening that should be your major concern.  I tend to make a few typos as well, but I think you mean "mood", not moon . (The man in the moon should not be having sex at all.). Sexual desire is very, very complex and can involve a variety of cultural, emotional, psychological, and even biological factors. Unfortunately, since I do not know anything about this man, or have the ability to examine him, I cannot be of much help. As someone who cares, you should encourage him to see his medical provider to start the evaluation process.  The true nature of this mysterious, raised area cannot be determined without a careful examination, hopefully at a time when it is evident to the medical examiner. Your description is just not sufficient to make a blind guess, so you will need to wait for your upcoming gynecological appointment, or better yet, get a sooner appointment while this abnormality is present. This is really the only way to know.  Yes, you can still have a negative Chlamydia test and potentially have Chlamydia . Much depends on the TYPE of test you took (urine or vaginal smear if you are female, or urine or urethral smear if you are male). Not knowing the details of your exposure, I am assuming that you had unprotected sex. Do you know for a fact if this person has Chlamydia or not? If you do know that you have been exposed, you can elect to be treated regardless of the test result. When in doubt, get re-tested and tested again sometime later. Fear of an STD can be eliminated or drastically reduced if you make sure you or your partner use condoms.  No...Chlamydia is an STD (sexually-transmitted disease) and that is how you got it. He has cheated on you in past and probably lied about it, so what makes you think he hasn't done it again? It is not likely you got Chlamydia from sex toys, but most likely from the boyfriend who has been "toying around" with someone else.  As soon as your doctor gives you the "okay".... I don't know what TYPE of hysterectomy you had (vaginal or abdominal) and for what reason, and I don't know if you talking about oral sex or it.  I am guessing, but the one who deposited the sperm is most likely the father, but I am no Jerry Springer. A condom is a darn good form of birth control IF...and this is a big IF, the condom is used properly before any sexual content. If not, either one could be your baby's father. If there is some question as to the parentage of your child, you will need to do have paternity testing.  Yes, any time that you have unprotected sex, there is a possibility of a pregnancy, Of course, there are only a few days per month that ovulation occurs and contraception is MOST likely. Just before your period is not one of them, but just in case.....you should do a few pregnancy tests in a few weeks if you have not had a normal period. Being only four days late is much too soon to worry about it.....  You are not likely "losing testosterone" at 45. Based on what you have shared, I see nothing troublesome about your recent sexual escapades. Satisfied but weakened....nothing wrong with that. Keep it up (so to speak). Every man would benefit from a full physical examination, at least every few years. Have some diagnotic blood and urine tests, get your prostate examined, and even have a testosterone level if you would like. I am not sure why your testicles are hot when your urinate (not common) but this should be mentioned to your medical provider.  No, it is not normal to have pain with vaginal sex, especially three years after a c-section. I would strongly suggest that you see your gynecologist so that you can be properly examined to determine why this is happening.  If my sexual partner smoked, I would not have sex with them. I am not sure what you mean by weakness, unless you are talking about the will NOT to smoke.  Yes, of course. Vaginal dryness can be uncomfortable for both partners, so it would be wise to use a sexual lubricant next time.  Unless you have a skin infection that is consistent with MRSA, there is really nothing to "test".  Use a condom, for Goodness sake! Stop playing sexual roulette with your girlfriend. You may be fine this time....I don't know....but it is only a matter of time before she will become pregnant. Maybe next time.... Viable sperm can be present in seminal fluid, and that sperm can remain alive for a week or so. While a woman can only become pregnant a few days a month, sperm do not understand that. Many will just wait around hoping that an egg (ovum) will appear. You will sleep better if you keep ALL of your penile emissions...the seminal fluid and your ejaculations well-contained in a condom. And, since you and your girlfriend are clearly having regular sex, she could benefit from using an effective form of contraception as well.  No, sexual activity in any position will not make your butt bigger or fatter, unless, of course, you get pregnant or over-eat. The size of your buttocks is often genetically determined and influenced by your diet.  No...I have never heard the high sugar levels produce toxic semen. The tingling sensation experienced by your partner was most-likely unrelated.  Well, that may be good for you, but what about your partner's needs? Sex isn't just about you. While the frequency of sexual activity is not as important as the quality of the intimacy. Some people have sex in order to be loved/hugged, and some people hug in order to have sex. Sex is the intimate form of communication, so if your sexual activity is not balanced with your partner, you will need to talk about it.  You will most likely be fine and not have an unintentional pregnancy. I can't quote your "odds" since there are too many variables in that equation. If you miss a period, then you will have to consider a home pregnancy test or two, but chances are you will be fine.  If the blood was bright red, then it is likely from a hemorrhoid or fissure. Darker, older-looking blood can be from higher up in the intestinal tract, and black, tarry blood is usually from the stomach. Don't panic. There is a good chance that this is an innocent finding, but you will need to be examined to determine the exact source of the blood.  You will be much safer IF you and your boyfriend use condoms 100% of the time. Birth control pills should be taken for an entire month, followed by a period, before relying on it for contraception. Use a condom. Oh, and one more thing. Use a condom.  If you have true, lab-confirmed Chlamydia cultured from your genital area or urine, then you have an sexually-transmitted disease (STD). An STD does not fly into through the window or jump up in your genitals from a toilet . While lab tests can be occasionally be incorrect, the most logical way anyone gets Chlamydia is from someone else who has Chlamydia. The only person that you can be 100% sure of not having sex with someone else is YOU, Another universal truth is that not all men, your husband included, tell the truth....all of the time. I hope he did not go out and scratch a seven-year itch.  Infected with what? There are many types of STDs, You did not mention what type that he has. If it is herpes, then it is still possible to transmit herpes to your mouth, throat, or genitals, even if he does not have an active outbreak....this will be the risk you will take. Your partner should also be thoroughly tested for other STDs. Consider using condoms and safe sexual practices until he get the okay from all of his tests.  Yes. precum, as you call it, is basically semen, and semen can contain sperm, so there is small possibility, my risk-taking friend. You really have no business putting this woman at risk for pregnancy (or an STD) by "penetrating and all that jazz" without using a condom. No more unprotected sexual encounters. No more sleepless nights worrying.  I think it would be a very good idea to be tested again. And...more importantly, you need to start insisting on your partner using condoms each time you have sex so you won't get and STD again. Hopefully, your sexual partner has been successfully treated as well.  Hi there!! I'm using PERSONA, it is made by Unilever, and it's different from Babycomp because it does not use temperatura (which may vary a lot during your cycle), but urine tests to check for your hormonal levels. It takes a bit for it to get to know you, so it will ask you to restrain from sex (or use a barrier method) for more days during the first 1-3 months.. then you will probably get "red" (no sex) days about 3-7 times a month.  Porn can cause loss of sex drive in men and women. Used more then once a week is going to cause your drive to bottom out. If u feel the need to masturbate try to do it with just your imagination. Or maybe you and your lover could try to bring in sex toys or other people. As long as u can find someone that is willing. If it make u feel uncomfortable set ground rules. Sometimes people think that they are not sexually attracted to the same sex until it is tried.It is kind of telling me that u watch girls having sex and then u masturbate. So maybe u are bi curious. So maybe do yourself the favor of trying new things. Hope this helps.  No it is not urine.That would be cum. A very wonderful and pleasing reaction.  Chances are, yes!  Thank you so much for the response, i have an appointment with my gynecologist, and will know whats wrong with me. In the interim the bleeding has now stopped and its been a week this far.  I agree with StewartJames my physician has prescribed Mifepristone 200 mg and Misoprostol 200 mcg to my wife also treated in the same way. Source: GlobalDiscountDrugs  YOU CAN MY MOM T WAS PREAGANT ON HER PERIOD WITH MY BROTHER FOR 3 MONYH  Sorry, but there is a possibility that you are. It was recommended by our doctor, to get the "First Response" pregnancy test at a drug store or Walmart. First Response was about $20. or less. She advised us that this one is most accurate. My best advice for you as a mom is, to keep a calendar. Be diligent about keeping up with the start and stop days of your monthy cycle. Ejaculation, or not, semen carries sperm also. I suggest that you get on the computer and learn all that you can about sex. If there is someone who you can trust to educate you, do that for your own information and safety! STD's are a really big issue. Don't assume that a person is disease free because you see no "tell tale" signs. READ as much as you can! Good luck!  As Rod Moser told, NOOOOOOOOO  If you have any doubt of getting pregnant, you can use ipill within 36 hrs of having intercourse. Since that time has bared, Take pregnancy strip test for confirming about your pregnancy.  Yes take a pregnancy strip test. also if comes negative, go to doctor - since irregular periods can be a symptom of PCOS  Yes! Chances are there for loss in Sex drive when taking anti-anxiety medications.  You need to go to the doctor and be honest about the sex and the symptoms. Could be serious  Discomfort with what? Groin or Hip? different things. You might want to go to a different doctor and get a different blood test. Be honest with the doctor about all activities. If you want to find out what is going on you must be honest. Doctors are not gods they need information. Have the doctor check for everything including STD, Hep C, HIV, Aids and any and all blood disorders including any biological/bactial disorders. Might be something simple. The hip thing might be something all together different. Hips with males one thing, groin another, think about it.........    It really depends on the test you take or missing your next period. Could take anywhere from 3 weeks to multiple months. It also really depends on if you conceived or not. Blood test though I think would tell you the earliest....Hope this helps  Probably what happened is whats called a penile fracture. It really isnt a break like the break of a bone. But theres two chambers within the penis that hold the blood, the Corpora Cavernosa. And its a very thin-walled structure that becomes very distended, very tense, and thats where the rigidity of the erection occurs. In certain rare circumstances, the torqueing, the stretch on that is enough to pop and crack one of those chambers. Classically the man will experience severe, excruciating pain, sudden disappearance of the erection, horrible pain with blood, the penis will become purple, cracking sound, and close but almost excruciating pain, and thats a surgical emergency. They have to stop what theyre doing and go immediately to the emergency room. It may require surgical intervention. The risk of that is because of the risk of the scar from the healing of the tear, men can end up with curvature and even permanent impotence. The good news is its fairly rare, almost always occurs in very aggressive wild sex, usually women on top, what happens is the penis comes out, vaginal vault but goes back in and misses, hits the pubic bone in the woman, and thats enough for the organ to pop.  ... It is very very normal if you are feeling stressed, worried, fatigued, anxious, pressured or guilty. Quit thinking with the head on your shoulders and things should work out just fine.  You have had a penile fracture, and there is a significant chance you will develop scarring and curvature at that point. For men with fresh penile fracture we tell them no sex, of any kind, for 2 to 3 weeks at a minimum. You should see a urologist soon. For severe fractures with severe pain, swelling and extensive bruising, we often fix those surgically if we see the man right after it happens. If there is a delay or it is not severe, we often manage conservatively.    it will get worse if you stop having sex....i know exactly what it is and its awful!!! as we age we loose our estrogen we can use creams with an estrogen in it but the side effects are pretty bad. i no longer have sex ( not by choice) my partner has ED and will not get help for it. so , i am celebrate and i hate it!!! when we were having sex it was a lot better, if you don't use it you will loose it!!!  I gald you want till marrige to have sex you could use some K&Y but you be fine without it.  Your shoulder muscles could just be cramping up but you could also get it checked out.  Kissing.  Some times you are pregnant and the home pregnancy test will show a negative, this is common, it is best to go see a doctor, get a authentic test from your doctor, whether it be a blood test or a urine test...  First let me say I am so very sorry for the horrible experiences you had as a child. Your dad, hopefully, is dead or locked up. As far as swallowing semen, I don't think it's harmful generally, so long as the man has no diseases. It is mostly your mental attitude toward swallowing, some find it revolting. You cannot get pregnant from this.  you want to wait a few weeks after the time you became pregnant before testing. ( i have found the cheap at home tests work just as well as the expensive test.) You can try an at home test but the best way to find out is to go to the doctor and get a blood test. It is more accurate than any at home test. Also watch out for common symptoms... filling sick, throwing up, being more tired than usual, heartburn. Just to name a few. You can have all of these symptoms or none. But blood test is always best!  It is possible to have light bleeding or spotting during pregnancy. My sister in law did with her oldest. But it wouldn't be a normal period. During a period the lining of the uterus sheds since a fertilized egg did not "stick". So if a full blown period starts... my guess would be that your not pregnant since your period flushes everything out.  A faint positive is still a positive. It was that way with my oldest son. Since you are three months late, I would bet that you are pregnant. It is also common to have a little bleeding during sex when your pregnant. The best thing is to go to your doctor and get a pregnancy blood test. It will tell you for sure. If it is positive, they can give you instructions as to what to do. If it is negative they can figure out why your period is late. But you need to do it as soon as possible. Because if you are pregnant you need to get started on prenatal vitamins and get prenatal care! In my opinion, your going to be a mommy!  A pregnancy test only reacts to the pregnancy hormone human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG). However, if you are pregnant, this hormone will not be present in your urine or blood until 13 to 16 days after ovulation (the release of an egg), which is around the time that you would normally get your period. Until this time has passed it will not be possible to see a positive result in a pregnancy test. Urine tests require a certain level of HCG to be present in order to indicate a positive pregnancy result. Blood tests are more sensitive because they can detect a smaller amount of HCG, which means that pregnancies can be picked up earlier, usually between six to eight days after ovulation. You can have a blood test at your GP surgery, but it is recommended that you take a home urine test before booking an appointment. Source :- Pharmacysell.  MTP Kit contains 5 tablets that is one tablet of Mifepristone 200 mg and 4 tablets of Misoprostol 200 mcg . The use of medicines is based on the physical condition of the patient and the drug tolerance power of the patient. In general, at first, one tablet of Mifepristone 200 mg is taken orally by the patient. After 1-3 days, 4 tablets of Misoprostol 200 mcg is given to the patient vaginally. Sometimes, abortion might not occur after the intake of Misoprostol even after 4 hours of its intake. In that case, a second dose of 2 tablets of Misoprostol 200 mcg is administered either vaginally or orally. The mode of administrating Misoprostol depends on the amount of bleeding that usually occur after 2-5 hours of its intake and can continue for 3-5 hours. Sometimes, the bleeding can even stop before 3 hours. There might be blood clots that the patient passes from few days to weeks. Sources - PharmacyCell dot com  If the patient thinks that they have missed the dose, then they should consult to their medical advisor.  Yeah.. you can be.. now you can take MTP kit. MTP Kit is used for the termination of pregnancy. It contains two medicines, namely; Mifepristone and Misoprostol and together they are known as abortion pill. MTP Kit contains 5 tablets that is one tablet of Mifepristone and 4 tablets of Misoprostol. The kit is designed by various pharmaceutical companies located at different geographical locations. The medicine in the kit should not be shared with other person. you can buy online from Drugsdropship24.  There is no safe time to have sex, even in the periods one gets pregnant. There is a lot needed to know to confirm about pregnancy. The best this you can do is you can use hope use pregnancy test kit and see the result. Also you can go for the blood test for the same.  it is possiple for a women to have a full blown orgasm during intercourse!. try closing your eyes, take slow breaths, have your partner caress your skin in random spots as well as kissing, you should also try caressing or playing with your clit,you should experince tingling and vivid colors. if you are completly relaxed and in the moment you should be able to cum, deepending on the time frame (which u should not pay attention to) this could take anywhere between 15- 45 minutes to happen as long as your partner doesn't ejaculate before you, its more of a better experince if you both can cum at the same time.  if you havent called your obgyn office then you should be fine, but it won't hurt to take a pregnancy test if u are still unsure. as long as you have been taking your pills at the same times everyday, using a condem, you shouldn't be pregnant.  count back 280 days, plus the first day of your period should be sometime early may of 2012.  You may have bacteria vaginosis! call to schedule an appt with your gyno  That might depend on where the lesions are. Generally speaking, shingles are not contagious. However, it is best to avoid touching another person with the lesions until they've healed over.  I have not had sex in over 7 years, just had my first encounter with a Man and then vaginal bleeding occurred, what does this mean  There are very good chances that you can get pregnant, but there is no accurate confirmation till you miss your period, so good luck to you, if you are looking forward to get pregnant then I hope it's a good news :) As far as your nipples hurting and breast getting tender can happen without being pregnant too, before u get your period, hormones levels go up and it makes breast lil fuller and tender.  http://youtu.be/dsjtAvCpDO4  @Nohard....no actually m experiencing the feeling when m masterburating but very less amount of sperm can be found on the tip of the penis hole...by the way i can pee freely and my urine is clear..sometimes when m drinking less amount of water in a day my urine is getting yellowish....  UMM WAIT!!!! I mean she didnt get in this situation by herself. Men dont understand how it is to be pregnant. Sometimes it isnt comfortable to have sex when your pregnant! Not to mention your getting bigger and bigger everyday, and you have all these hormones going crazy. Just be patient, she'll come around!  If he told you he was a virgin he probably wasn't lying. However if you feel you got an STD you should contact an STD rapid action clinic. Yes, you can get STDs from oral sex.  There are low risks of acquiring STDs through oral sex, yes. The main ones I worry about are hepatitis B and A. ... Herpes less likely. But it wouldn't be a bad idea to get partners tested, if possible. The dental dam is like a big piece of thicker plastic wrap, but regular plastic wrap is also a decent barrier in a pinch. I know, it all sounds pretty odd, but it is safer.  That is normal. You can douche and then use RePhresh PH balance to restore your vaginal fluids to the way they are supposed to be.  This could be a type of exertional migraine called "orgasmic headache". Its pretty rare, but something that we see occasionally in the headache clinic. There are medical article suggesting that some patients many have a problem like aneurysms as a cause for this, but its not really clear if this is really a problem. I've seen a number of patients with this type of headache, but I've never found any specific cause. some of the migraine type medications can work for this type of headache, if it happens a lot. If it happens again you might want to talk with your doctor about an MRI scan of the brain with an "MRA" (mri arteriogram).  first clean out your tub. rince of any strong cleaner from your tub. fill it with warm water and backing soda soak for 20 mins make you have an over the counter yeast cream the best would be medication for athletes foot. it docent mater if its store brand. the other thing you can do is go in the isle with contraceptives. buy a itch medication. also they have wipes to carry around with you . Mona-stat can burn you if you are to raw. you might have to look into differenttypes of condoms not made of latex and make sure your skin can tolerate the types a spermicide. read labels. good luck to you  If your couple ejaculated inside you, it is possible because the semen content had a lifetime of 72 hours after it is ejaculated inside a woman vagina.  Probably you did it hardly. Use a baby cream like Balmex for the irritation.  If there were no vaginal penetration or insertion of semen in your vagina it is not possible for you to get pregnant. However it is dangerous to do without protection due to ETS diseases.  Yes , it is perfectly normal to bleed after conception. It is your lining that would have been shed during your next period. If you continue to bleed past what would be a normal period, see your doctor. To bleed any more than right after conception is NOT NORMAL. Congratulations  Yes , a woman can have sex after having her reproductive organs taken out. As a matter of fact it is known, that a woman is more sexually aroused after the organs have been removed. Think about it like this, " What is more of a turn on, than NOT having to worry about getting pregnant?"  It is possible that you may have some dryness. KY Jelly can be helpful. I had this trouble after years of marriage. Mine was related to low hormones. The other possibilities could be serious, such as cervical cancer, in which case you need to see a Dr.  It's nothing! When you get overly stressed out, it can cause your cycle to get delayed. It happens to a lot of women. I'm sure within the next week or two it will return. If you exercise a lot too, that will cause a delay. I know when I was studying for midterms I would always have a late period.  We men also feel a loss of interest,is this the same as loss of libido?? At 65,And,after 28 yrs of marriage,even I feel a fear of failure when the erections are not as frequent as in our younger years.  Here is a blog entry from our Women's Health expert that may help answer your question: . However, if this continues it's always best to get checked out by your own gyn to find out what's going on. The WebMD Answers Staff  There could be some truth to it. Here is an article on that explain about pre-ejaculate. I hope this helps. The WebMD Answers Staff  Here is a link to a slideshow about that I think you'll find very helpful. It states: "While the exact timing of ovulation can vary, on average it happens between day 11 and 21 of your cycle. A brain hormone called luteinizing hormone (LH) surges, triggering the release of the egg that's most ripe. At the same time, your cervical mucus changes to a slippery, egg-white consistency, to help sperm make their way to the egg." So, there is a chance that you could be pregnant if your ovulation cycle fits this pattern. The WebMD Answers Staff  Interestingly, new research shows that sometimes sexual dysfunction in women -- frequently characterized by a lack of desire -- is really all about not feeling desirable. In a study published in the Journal of Sex Research, doctors found that women who felt less attractive than they did 10 years before reported a decrease in sexual desire. Women who reported feeling as attractive as they did in the previous decade reported more satisfaction with their current sex life. While the study doesnt prove that feeling attractive boosts a womans sex drive, it does strongly suggest the two go hand-in-hand.  The frequency of sex among married couples depends on how old they are. One survey looked at the sex lives of married people by age. They found that: Between 18-29, married people had sex 112 times a year, or a little over twice a week. Between 30-39, they had sex 86 times a year, or about seven times a month. Between 50-59, they had sex 69 times a year, or a little under six times a month. Sex appears to declines further as couples get older. Although frustrated married people can romanticize the sex lives of swinging singles, studies show that married people have more sex than single people. While married people 18-29 have sex over nine times a month, single people average a little under six a month. It makes sense -- married people have a potential sexual partner in bed with them every night. Singles often sleep alone.  While they can take many forms, sexual problems are defined as any physical or emotional issue that prevents a couple from achieving a mutually satisfying intimate relationship. Among the most common for men include prostate problems, a decrease in the blood supply to the penis due to diabetes, heart disease, or other health concerns, nerve damage to the spinal cord, or a decrease in the hormone testosterone. Common sexual problems in women include a lack of desire caused by a decrease in the hormone estrogen, thyroid disorders (which can also affect some men), and pain during intercourse caused by any number of vaginal problems, including a lack of lubrication. Some couples also find that the use of certain drugs can also cause sexual problems. These include alcohol, nicotine, narcotics, stimulants, some blood pressure drugs, antihistamines, and certain antidepressant medications.  Many women believe that avoiding intercourse and giving their vagina a rest is the best antidote to painful sex. Experts say the exact opposite is true. There is some measure of truth to the axiom that if you dont use it, you lose it, says womens health expert Christiane Northrup, MD. Northrup is the author of Womens Bodies, Womens Wisdom . Stop having sex, she says, and resuming it may be that much harder  both physically and in terms of desire. At the same time, she says, pain with intercourse is not normal. It often occurs when your partner simply isnt arousing you enough. In other instances, hormonally driven vaginal dryness  like the vaginal dryness some women feel when nursing a baby or going through menopause  can also cause sexual discomfort. A little dollop of a lubricating product or an estrogen cream applied directly to the vagina, Northrup says, is all you need to eliminate discomfort from painful intercourse related to hormones. If arousal is the problem, Northrup says talk to your partner about increasing foreplay. Then do whatever it takes to get you through the excitement phase and make your body ready for intercourse.  Studies conducted at the University of Michigan Health System showed that men do not generally pass a yeast infection to a woman during intercourse. According to study author Barbara Reed, MD, MSPH, it appears that the risk for recurrent infections is related to something else  perhaps the womans immune response to the yeast. Interestingly, however, the study, which looked at over 200 men and women, came to another rather surprising conclusion. Women who receive oral sex seem more likely to suffer from recurring vaginal yeast infections. This was the case whether their partner showed signs of yeast infection in their mouth or not. Were not saying that oral sex is a problem for everyone, but if a woman is experiencing recurrent yeast infections, these activities put her at an increased risk, Reed says. The CDC reports that up to 80% of women will have at least one yeast infection in their lifetime. A hormone imbalance, high blood sugar levels, certain antibiotics, birth control pills, or stress can also cause a yeast infection.   Only if you don't wash right after the deed.  I would guess that vaginal dryness is the cause of your primary complaint...the lack of estrogen-a chief post-menopausal culprit. If your vaginal walls are dry the motion of intercourse can make the penis like sandpaper to your delicate tissues. After sex the pinkish discharge could be your body's attempt to recover from the 'chaffing '. Also, your vagina is more susceptible to overgrowth (infection) of naturally occurring organisms (yeast, gardnerella, etc) when it is dry. I would see a doctor before attempting self treatment for any sort of vaginosis and she could prescribe or suggest treatment for the dryness. Good Luck  When was the date of your last menstrual period and what was the date of the sexual encounter?  I'm not sure if you're saying your depo shot expired 3 months ago, or if the last time you had a booster was 3 months ago. If your depo shot expired 3 months ago then you can absolutely get pregnant by unprotected sex. The depo shot is not a permanent solution. Depo-provera birth control lasts roughly 14 weeks in a woman's system before being completely ineffective, but the shot must be received every 12 weeks to maintain full protection.  This sounds like some of the symptoms I experience before I have an IBS (irritable bowel syndrome) attack; my ability to regulate my body temp. is poor, I cramp, I feel nauseous or faint, and sometimes have loose or painful bowel movements. If you don't have a history of IBS, perhaps this is your body's response to anal penetration--I know I feel a bit logy the few times after I've done it.  Given the length of time you've been consistently taking birth control, I'd say this is highly unlikely. It sounds like what you're experiencing is breakthrough bleeding, and if you're having your pills changed (ie. seeing your doctor soon), it's probably a good thing to mention (as well as your fears re: pregnancy) to your health care provider.  If you haven't had any erectile dysfunction in the past and don't have any underlying blood conditions or health problems, I'd say this is likely due to wear and tear from vigorous sexual activity and should heal in a few days. Abstain from sexual intercourse (including masturbation) and if it's really painful, treat it like an injury--possibly ice it if you note any swelling. Should your symptoms persist or alter, contact your physician. If the situation becomes painful, seek emergency care.  If you've never had sex, there's no chance your period is being delayed by an unforeseen pregnancy. Don't fret--you're young and if you're otherwise healthy, even a week or two's delay in your menstruation is not uncommon. You may find that this changes or regulates as you age, or it may not--some women never have regular periods, and there's nothing wrong with that. Here are a few things that can delay a period: If you are very physically active, you may find that you skip or don't have periods--a condition called athletic amenorrhoea. This is usually observed in elite level athletes, though any young woman who trains vigorously can experience it, and it often passes once her training becomes less rigorous or she ages.  seek someone else  Pregnancy tests can detect a baby very early now. What it does is detect HCG in the woman, which is a hormone that is present during pregnancy. It is rare for a pregnancy test to have false positives. A pregnancy test can have a false negative if the HCG hormone is not yet detectable.  I have also had this problem and i am allergic to latex. I would strongly suggest using non latex condoms from now on. If it still continues to hurt to the point you dont want to urinate i would go to a gynecologist. Or the health department if you dont want your parents to find out.  HORMONE LEVELS CHANGE DURRING YOUR PERIOD OR RIGHT BEFORE YOUR PERIOD [DROP] CAUSES THOSE ISSUES. BUT HORMONES DURRING OVULATION TIME RAISES YOUR SEXUALL DRIVE ITS PART OF HUMAN NATURE TO REPRODUCE! SO THANK GOD FOR HORMONES AND ALL THE LITTLE BABIES THAT WE CREATE AND AS WOMAN WE GET TO CARRY FOR 10 MONTHS WICH MOST PEOPLE THINK IS 9 MONTHS[ YA FOR HUMAN NATURE AND OVULATION AND HORMONES !!!!!]  yes  could be low level hormones due to peri menopause or have you started any new medications this a side effect with some medicines  I believe NO only during active out breaks they can be spread just like the common cold sore!!  As long as you have gotten the all clear from your ob, then right away... I just miscarried on 7/4/13 and my dr told me I can start trying now if I want.  Pretty much what I knew and thought already, but he thinks me and my dr are crazy for thinking he cheated... Gotta love Karma!!!! It got him good this time lol :)  menopause set me free, and increased my libido tremndously, not worrying about getting pregnant, and at an age where i can discuss my wants freely, and never EVER fake it for anyone's ego anymore  Hi, I recently had the same thing happen to me. Stress can do crazy things to our bodies such as missing a period which is what has happened here since your body was on a crazy schedule.  no. you can have sex after 5 days of your regular menstrual cycle completes.because your ovaries are matured thats the sign you are getting your menses. you are in safe zone now if you want to get pregnant you should wait for fertileperiod.  could possibly be caused by extreme dryness. you may want to try a personal lubricant. But i would also suggest to see you gyno. there may be an infection. i have had the same trouble, but i am 43  I think that it is very hard to have a healthy, satisfying sex life if you have a negative body image. Woman who don't value themselves, will often do things (have sex) with people they are not attracted to or have no personal connection to just because they think they can do "no better". Or they may be forced into doing something they are not really interested in doing (different position, oral sex, mixing partners) because they fear that if they do not do as their partner requests, then their partner will leave them or cheat on them. Also, if you are not comfortable with your body, then instead of relaxing and enjoying yourself and your partner, you are concerned and distracted with other thoughts (are the lights on, what is he thinking about, is he wishing he was with someone else, etc). You will hinder your own pleasure with your inability to relax and just enjoy the physicality of what you and your partner are doing. Often these women question what and why they did what they did, or worse they regret doing it because they think that they were "no good" at it or that their partner wasn't really attracted to them. If you are insecure in your body image, you will question others attractions to you and that will play on your mind when you are involved in sex. How can you relax and enjoy with all that dialog and insecurity running through your head?  yes  I would recommend talking to a doctor,  I hate waiting but you should probably wait to see if you miss your period and take a test then. Or you could go see your OB/GYN and they can give you a test there.  If this happens shortly after you finish your period then its your body just getting ready to ovulate. Usually when a woman ovulates the discharge is clear or foggy slimy so that way the sperm can make it to the egg easier. The discharge your experiencing is just your bodies way of telling you that your getting ready to ovulate. Just to feel better about it, go see your OB/GYN and ask him or her any questions you have. Hope this helps!  I say don't even waste your time he's not worth it. If he cant put your first in a relationship say the heck with it go out and find a real man. OR you could also go get to know and make her life a living h#@$%!!!....lol just saying!!!!  There's no other way to contact genital warts but through sexual intercourse so someones either lying to you or the doctors wrong you said above your penis do you mean on the head around where your pee comes out or on your actual stomach sort of between your stomach and penis where your hair line is????  Yes...everytime im pregnant I don't know it because i'm always having my period..it happened twice  It is possible for her to get pregnant that way, in fact it will take a little time for the semen to get to her uterus so she may have her period once or twice until she does become pregnant. The fact that she is still a virgin will cause her even more pain when the baby is born so to save her the pain i suggest you take her virginity. They can not preform an abortion if she is still a virgin. But i hope you two decide to keep it.  MRSA is carried by 2 out of every 100 people. Regular staph is carried by 1 out of every 3 people. Just because it was in her nose does not mean she is infected, just a carrier. You shouldn't be worried.  No. There is no single test for all sexually transmitted infections  separate tests are needed. Genital warts, pubic lice, and scabies may be detected during a physical exam. Blood may be drawn to test for hepatitis, herpes, HIV, or syphilis. Urine samples can be used to test for gonorrhea, chlamydia, or HIV. Samples of discharge can be used to test for herpes, gonorrhea, chlamydia, trichomonas, or syphilis. Tissue can be tested for chlamydia, gonorrhea, or scabies. Saliva can be used to test for HIV antibodies. Health care providers don't automatically test for sexually transmitted infections  you should ask to be tested. Be honest with your provider about your sexual history and what risks you've taken, and the two of you can decide which tests are appropriate.  There is a window of 5 to 6 days in the middle of your cycle (remember, starts on day 1) when you are most likely to get pregnant. Considering this, you might say it would be irregular - but never say never.  It's my understanding that you should use other methods of protection for the first month back on the pill, but after one full month, you should be OK.  What is a UTI?  Hmmm... you could or your body could just be changing.... im not and obgyn but you may want to go talk to one or just a family dr. But if you are preg. congrats!!! And congrats about being engaged!!!! Hope for the best!!!  I would say No to sex with a boyfriend, wait until you are married. Guys push girls into having sex and also unprotected sex, which is very wrong. Diseases are out there! Sex is not just for fun to just get your rocks off. it is an act between one man and one women who are married and love each other for procreation of a child and the act of showing their love for one another. you can get pregnant if the semen is anywhere close to the vagina. Please don't have sex anymore with your boyfriend. the body is a very precious things.  It might facilitate intercourse if you have her stand around the corner.  thanks for the response! we try to be very careful, this is the only mishap we've had in 2 yrs and will certainly be the last. it was the 7th pill in her pack that she missed and we had sex 5 days later but like I said she took two the next day and I wasn't aware that u might need to use backup, she's never missed a pill before so that's why she took plan b around 24-26 hrs later on account of I ejaculated in her a little, aside from the scare of having a kid I also hope by taking EC it doesn't mess her up to bad.  Absolutely you can. Dr.'s always advise that you wait at least 3 weeks after beginning a new birth control pill so that it, like any other prescription, has time to build up in your system. Please be careful!  Depending on how heavy the flow was! If it was really heavy/moderate/normal for you and red/dark red then it was your period. If it was light and pink/brown you could've been spotting! Get a home pregnancy test to make sure!  If he came in you. Yes you definatly should other then that I wouldnt get it.. it could mess up your furtilization.  I would go to your obgyn. You may have something as simple as fluctuating hormone levels, or something more serious so I would deff call your doctor.  I would go get tested. I am not sure if hepatitis is a permanent condition or not (sorry). Best of luck!  If your period came the I'm sorry to say, but no. Good luck!  I'm not sure if the bumps are a sign of cervical cancer, but I would call your doctor and ask them. It would probably put your mind at ease too. Good luck!  Sounds like Man B. Good luck!!  It's not uncommon for your period to be irregular at times, especially when you are young. Are you more stressed out than usual? Have you lost weight recently, or have you been exercising a lot? These things can all affect your period. If your period doesn't return in a month or two you might want to talk to a doctor to make sure all is ok.  It's possible, but not likely. Pregnancy happens around the time of ovulation, which usually happens well before a period. Still, your girlfriend may want to take a pregnancy test for sure arond the time of her next cycle. This answer will give you more information: http://answers.webmd.com/answers/1197986/can-a-women-get-pregnant-after?guid=3  it is very easy because you ovulate like 3 to 4 days be for your period including the day you start that's why they say its easier to get pregnant while you are on your period.... so id say like 75 percent chance  Can you have intercourse if you have prolapsed bladder.  Yes it is common to have cramps and some spotting when you have sex during pregnancy. If it becomes painful or the bleeding is worse then spotting contact your doctor right away.  Can anyone help me?  There really is no sure way of knowing without inspecting the blisters. However, because of the reddening of the skin, it leads me to believe you have an allergy. Keep in mind, an allergy can appear at any time. You could eat peanuts all your life, then one day, have a reaction. She could also have a yeast infection which has been passed on to you. It's rare for a male to get blisters from a transferred yeast infection, but it can happen. Yeast infections can be transferred during intercourse, but it isn't a true sexually transmitted disease. Women can get yeast infections from antibiotics or wearing panties that don't "breathe". And lastly, the reason I want you to go to the Dr. for inspection of the blisters...Herpes. Don't fly off the handle. I think this is the least likely. Also, keep in mind that herpes is not just transferred by intercourse. If she has a cold sore or "fever blister" on her mouth, she could've transmitted it to you via oral sex. Please don't automatically think your wife is cheating!!! Get an accurate diagnosis from your doctor before you even give it a first thought!!!!  It's either his sexual bodily fluids or yours. His is sperm, and yours is the lubricant.  yes mrsa is highly contageous and dangerous.  okay did the guy cum inside of you?, if he did then that is his sperm. standing up,or squeezing your vaginal muscles will make it come out. and yes for some reason it has a distinct smell.. OR that can be your vaginal juice, some women can squirt when they orgasm, just look it up or ask your parents.. but its the women orgasm juice, its mainly called discharge. its the way of your insides clean you out. just wash your self afterwards you have intercourse, so you stay clean and have good hygiene.. now if your discharge ever turns to a brown or yellow or even greenish color, or even if it stays clear white color but it has a disgusting fishy odor, and so strong u can smell it coming out of your clothes u wearing.. or just it keeps iching,, go to the dr, you have an STD or yeast infection, or vaginal bacteria.. ALL OF THESE ARE VERY SERIOUS GO TO A DOCTOR!!!!  you need to go back to the doctor. some of those could be symptoms of the birth control. u are not taking it correctly, or you could have something more seriously, i d say you need a pelvic exam done. go see a dr  NO  NO  DON'T KNOW NOT A DOCTOR  In addition to what the other contributor said, it's possible that you are pregnant, and the hormone is not yet strong enough to show up on the test. I went through the same thing when I was pregnant with my second child. The HcG hormone wasn't strong enough to show up until I was already 4 or 5 weeks late. Another thing to consider is is you have always been irregular, then PCOS is a possibility, too. If I were you, I'd consult with an OB/Gyn soon. At least that way you can get some real answers and maybe some stress relief.  I know a few women who have this problem. One consistency with them all is that they tend to masturbate a lot, only using their fingers. If your wife does this, then I would suggest talking to her about not doing it for a little while because our bodies tend to become used to achieving orgasm in it's usual way, making it harder to get there in other ways. I also agree that increased foreplay might help, too.  I've had a few yeast infections that caused that discomfort, which usually results from scratching or rubbing too much down there when it itches. Some of the yeast infection medications also include a little tube of cream that is there specifically for the relief of the discomfort you are experiencing.  i have sex problem, how to treat  My husband had this issue, and as a woman I thought it was something I was doing or me in general. He had been under alot of stress we spoke with a Dr. about it matter of fact a couple Drs. and they all said that stress could lead to holding or getting an errection. He switched jobs and to be honest everything got ALOT better...lol I hope this helps.  Yes, herpes can be spread when there is no outbreak. There is always a possibility. WebMD has some really good information if you look around a bit.  i think your re low on testosterone or likely libido level you should consult the doctor at md weight loss and cosmetics they are providing good consultancy on boosting testosterone http://mdweightlossandcosmetics.com/Increase_Libido_NYC.html...  the problem could be low libido consult doctor for boosting testosterone, i think it woul help http://mdweightlossandcosmetics.com/Increase_Libido_NYC.html  Do not get pressured into something you are not ready for! If you aren't comfortable talking about it with him you aren't ready to have intercourse with him. He is buying condoms but " doesn't want to pressure" you? Take a big step back and re-evaluate this relationship.  I mean it decreases the chances of a UTI, so it is a good idea. Though they do say if you are trying to get pregnant you should not pee after sex but rather lie down flat. It's definitely not an alternative to using contraceptive though.  Congratulation Your Prego  I'm not a doctor but I've heard it can be passed on in child birth and also just hand to genital contact with another person.. I would be a hypocrite to tell you not to worry because I worry about what people would think but I guess 97% of people get HPV at some point in their life so its actually probably more common than HSV1 (herpes - cold sores).. it really depends what HPV you have mine is hpv16  if you,ve had a recent illness or you are under or over weight pregnancy pre- menopause menopause change in your meds stress are all things that can cause your period to be late  sorry i misspelled (PERI-MENOPAUSE) not pre also if your not any of the things above in the other message and your period still wont happen (talk to your doctor about PROVERA a medication to bring on a tardy period  its still possible for you to become pregnant but since he didnt ejaculate its very unlikely still have a chance though  My hubby needs sex pills  im 45 years old and i'm diabetes patient.i cannot make love due to my penis not strong.what can i do and how to overcome thisproblem  0%  Hello, I spent the last 3 months having herpes like symptoms and after a series of tests / doctors it was finally discovered that I had an E. Coli infection on the skin around my genitals. It was very painful, caused similar symptoms as herpes, with tingling, ulcers, etc. but easily addressed with antibiotics. I would encourage your doctor to not only test for herpes but to swab for a bacterial or yeast infection as it may be something more benign than what you think it is. Don't get too overwhelmed by what you read on the internet until you have something properly diagnosed. I know it can be months of agony, but hang in there.  I advice you to see what book market it well http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00IY28A62  I will try the Vitamin B. I did have a Bartholin's cyst, about 15 or so years ago, so I wasn't sure if that was maybe a contributor to the problem or not. And yes, I have had sex the next day. But it's so embarrassing when it suddenly dries up..but yet is 'wet' allllll the next day! I don't get it! It's like a delayed reaction!!!!!!  MAYBE its psychological due to overwhelming feelings of guilt caused be being a loser SCUMBAG  YES, ABSOLUTELY. If she is worried of possibly being pregnant then its always a possibility IF she has been active in sex. I would think the next best question to ask is...Could she be pregnant with MY baby, in which case i would highly doubt the possibility. You MUST ejaculate. She MUST be exposed to some way of having sperm get into her. Otherwise either she is really young and fear filled from ignorance and myths, she is a manipulator trying to make you feel guilty or she thinks she really is and has had sex with someone else and is still a manipulator trying to make you think its yours.. you dont give her age or experiance or other times of sexual encounter.  The life span of sperm after ejaculation depends on the circumstances. Sperm ejaculated into a woman's vagina can live in a woman's cervical mucus or upper genital tract for three to five days. Fertilization is possible as long as the sperm remain alive. So It is possible that u may get pregnant  Probably ur partner was infected , and during intercourse he transfer his infection to you.U should visit ur gynaecologist & sort out it after being diagnosed by few tests .  Yes!!!  i have type genital herpes as well going on 3 and a half years. i am still a bit confused as to the difference between type 1 and 2. i do believe my is 2 but everything i have read once you have one you can't get the other. thought you can make it spread to the mouth and eye's i have read. i take very good care of myself since getting it, and i have not spread it to myself farther or to another person. i do avoid sex when i have an outbreak and i have never took the med's expect the 1st time. stress is a factor along with poor health can cause outbreaks.    Its not likely you have HIV but good for you for being responsible and taking the the first steps. Are you in the UK? Most of the main hospitals have a GUM clinic and they usually offer a counselling service before you get the test know your not alone, if your really scared I would do this just getting it out there will make you feel better. I had a needle stick accident working with street sex workers once whilst visiting them in a house that was not too clean I sobbed for 10 hours knowing that it had a higher than usual chance of having HIV on it but I went to see the therapist and felt so much better. I had something called ART therapy for six wks its a course of HIV meds to block out the virus that you can have if you have been put in a high risk category of contracting the virus that is a very strong HIV medication in a high dose that had toxic side effects, only to be used if you believe your at risk.  You have alot of options here as its so early but it wouldnt show up yet it takes 2-3 weeks for the best most sensitive tests to pick up the hgc hormone in your pee which tells you if you are pregnant or not, Itchy nipples can be hormonal sue to your period or even not related just a body wash or friction from clothes could do that.  You dont want to disturb the womb when you orgasm it contracts and could cause a shift, it can be dangerous if you have a placenta preavia or abruption as its known its very dangerous for baby and really serious for you , id just rest and wait until doc gives you the go ahead xxx  yes. everyone is different though and you may have trouble getting pregnant at first.  Yes it is the result of plan b. I took it once and i had the same effects as you did and got my period a week later due to the pill that disintegrated the egg. The plan b box has the side effects as well.  You could have a pelvic infection its not really a std but can be transferred through sex. try looking up Pelvic inflammatory disease. and go see a doctor they can become very serious i dealt with one a couple months ago and waited to long to go in to see a doctor.  Yes. The herpes virus remains in your body forever  yes..,you should lay down for at least 30 mins to 45 mins after your inter course to get pregnant....  The most likely reason is that one of your previous sexual partners has not experienced the HPV infection (most women don't) and if you're not looking for them (regular physicals) there can be some that small that your doctor wouldn't see them with his/her eyes only. There is a tiny, tiny chance that you had a wart on your hands or some other part of the body that you cut and then spread the virus to your genitals (the doc told me that he sees this pretty much only when women shave and spread the virus with the razor because both sites have miniscule nics). But this is so unlikely that I would say it has to be your partners.  I meant to say that a lot of women have HPV but have no symptoms.  I agree with NoHard. Get over this period of stress, relax and things will get back to normal. I've been married many, many years and I can recall periods when I have been worried about performance. It has always been related to stress: workplace or family. Remember that in most cases, sexual difficulties arise in the top of the skull NOT between your legs.  My wife and I are a year or two off 80. We still make love about twice a week on average. I know other old folks have ceased having sex but we simply never stopped. BUT making love at our age is not like making love at 30. Age brings a mental maturity in what satisfies sexually but also physical difficulties as our bodies get creaky. We both still climax but not as often. When we do it is just as satisfying and emotionally draining as ever. Fred  I have always had orgasms until now. I had a bladder mesh removed in April of this year. In July my husband and I where able to have sex with out it hurting, but now I can't have an orgasm. I have never had a problem before my surgery what is up?  My husband and I have been married ten years I am 32 and he is 36. I am lucky if he will have sex with me once every three months.  Totally avoid sex w/ him. If you get checked annually, and there was nothing wrong, obviously he is the one that is infected. Don't know if you know this but herpes is treatable, not curable. So be careful.  Okay, so Type 1 is common to oral area and Type 2 is common to genital area. You just have Type 1 on your genitals. It will not "turn" into Type 2. Your test will always come back positive for Type 1 no matter where on your body it shows up. Typical outbreaks happen during stressful or extra moist (for prolong periods of time). Herpes outbreaks will become less frequent the longer you have had it. Your partner is always at risk whether you have an active outbreak or not :( You can pass it days before you notice an outbreak. Be honest with your partner - as you know this is a life long disease. Always let your OB/GYN know...when you decide to have a baby they will give you a daily supressive med to keep from passing along to your child OR you can opt for a C-section. Good Luck, God Bless and hope this helped.  DO pregnancy confirmation test.You will know.Future you have drugs to avoid pregnancy doubts if you take precautionary drug  Hi, I knowbyoubposted the question a month ago but I came accross it & wanted to shared something that will work great  there may be the possibility that you're pregnant. make sure to take some pill.  abogados madrid [url=http://www.hvycabogadosmadrid.com]Abogados Madrid[/url]  s.g WORLD FAMOUS BEST POWERFUL ASTROLOGER,swami ji @@ +91 9950620150 Honoured from India Astrology Stage Astrology centre. Are you having problems in you Life YOU ARE VERY SAD IN YOUR LIFE SO DONT WORRY.ALL PROBLEMS SOLUION THROUGH THE POWER FULL ASTROLOGER` . HE CAN SOLVE ALL PROBLEMS IN YOUR LIFE.PROBLEMS ARE FOLLOW. Don"t west your time one call get result Powerfull Magic Specialist Black Magic Specialist kala Jadu specialist love problem solution for 1 Hour Love Vashikaran Specialist bring back your love Advice For love black magic magic spel S.G1.Advice for HEALTH PROBLEMS. 2.Advice for LOVE LIFE. 3.Consultation for CHILD. 4.Advice for FAMILY PROBLEMS. 5.Advice for .PROMOTION IN JOB. 6.Advice for.DOMESTIC CONTROVERSY. 7.Advice for.LOVE. 8.Advice for love Marriage. 9.DREAM PROBLEMS. 10.Advice for BUSINESS LOSSES. 11.Advice on Disturbed love life. 12.Advice for childless couple. 13.FOreign Travelling. 14. Advice on Husband and wife Dispute. GETkld ALL PROBLEMS SOLUTION IN YOUR LIFE CALL TO +91 9950620150. CALL TO tantrik Pt. L.K. Swami +91 9950620150 GET ADVISE FROM HIM. ALL PROBLEMS SOLVE VERY EASILY BY tantrik Pt. L.K. Swami for any kind of problem solve by tantrik swami ji ,,online service Email Address >>> {Lkswami95@gmail.com} Offical Website >>> http://www.swamijimaharaj.org  You may be pregnant. That is what it meant for my sisters.  HPV is transmitted via skin to skin contact, so you will transmit them. Also, there are a number of different strains of HPV. But a few very important points: if someone has been exposed to the virus, they will always be a carrier. Removing the warts does NOT remove the HPV. And most importantly, thought the cauliflower warts are unattractive and uncomfortable, HPV does not have any other effects on men that I know of. There are a few particular strains of HPV that make women more susceptible to cervical cancer, but as neither you nor your partner have a cervix the biggest danger of HPV is a nonissue. But do double check on this with your doctor! Good luck with your surgeries!  Parents are the first and most trustworthy teachers of their children. When children enter teens, they begin to be attracted by the opposite sex and are highly vulnerable to be misled by wrong information from their senior friends or from cheap books. Hence, first hand knowledge from the parents not only prevents children going the wrong way but also helps in bonding with the parents.  Just because your girlfriend knows about your wife doesn't make the guilt go away. If your wife doesn't know, I think it has a lot to do with your subconscious guilt. My boyfriend was cheating on me, and he couldn't get an erection, for me. So I think it has to do with guilt, regardless of the use of an enhancer.  your family doctor or gynecologist can prescribe birth control and give you the side effects of your choices. there are also women's clinics that can provide birth control. all of these usually require a papsmear.  the air is pushed inside by a smaller than average penis also some positions are much worse and i'm being serious here, if you have a 7'' penis and better than average girth this will not happen.  It is possible but most likely you are just spotting. Sometimes when a fertilized egg attaches to the womb wall a very little bit of blood happens. At the same time if you are not due for a period sometimes your body will discharge old blood when the egg is fertilized. It has been five days since you posted so if you don't have an answer by now I would buy an early detection test to make sure.  I'm not usually this bad with my pills. I was studying abroad this semester, and during the last month, I was constantly out of my room, getting as much done before I got home. Many times I was out when my birth control alarm went off. A few times, I forgot before I went to bed. I always doubled up the next morning though. I didn't just completely skip them. He also didn't finish inside me. I know the pre ejaculation still has sperm in it though.  He definitely found it that time  normally its better to have the blood test 10 days after having sex to give time for levels to go up to show a positive result. if you do a urine pregnancy test you normally do that maybe a couple days or the day after you missed your period.  You can get a pregnancy blood test they are about 99% accurate. they tell you and they come back as urgent so you should get the results that same day. Yeah first response is good :) do you know if you were ovulating???  I am not circumcised, and my foreskin sometimes retracts during intercourse, and sometime it does not. The more enlarged with blood my penis is, the less the skin retracts. I used to always retract it when first married, but then found that the foreskin can act as a way of aiding penetration if penetration is started when while the foreskin is on the head of the penis. Most uncircumcised guys I have talked to say that their penis is sensitive enough so that, if the foreskin rolls back and exposes the penile head during intercourse, they are very aware of it. Most like that, a few don't. About half of the boys in the town where I grew up were uncut, about half cut, because there were two doctors delivering babies--one tried to talk all parents into leaving their boys intact, the other tried to talk all parents into having their boy(s) uncircumcised. In my opinion, the majority of uncircumcised males can tell if their foreskin is retracted during intercourse, based on my conversations with other uncircumcised males. As far as penetration, you can get a good idea of how much penetration there is by measuring (on top) the length of your penis, then during intercourse put a hand down there during fullest penetration you can manage and see WHERE on your penis a finger hits. How much penis is still outside the vagina? Then you will have a pretty good answer as to how much penetration there is.    Probably, I got pregnant 2 days after mine when it was supposed to be "safe"  I would recommend a snap gauge which is cheap and will determine if erectile dysfunction is your problem by using a rubberband like material around your shaft while you sleep and if you have an erection, the band snaps ensuring that you do not have a problem. There also are pills that help and one called l-arginine which is an amino acid (protein) that increases the nitric oxide levels which opens up your veins and capillaries and can be effective when taking 5 grams a day and has been proven to help with erections. There are many other pills such as Cialis and Viagra that are effective. You should see a doctor for a proper diagnosis and prescription. Hope this helps.  You may have a severe case of blue balls. Id recommend going to pound town to help that out.  It would most likely be around February 22 as there is a 9 month incubation period and congratulations!  Unfortunately, your situation is in the middle area based on how long you previously were on the pill. Usually just a 24 hour period of not taking the pill will result in reversible effects but you went as long as 60 so the risk is much greater. Taking two after will have no effect as it will take at least the first cycle of 28 days to get back on. Depending on whether he ejaculated in you should decide whether you need the 72 hour pill. Good luck, been there a couple times with my gf before and it has always worked but it has the highest chances within the first day so I would jump on that fast and any drug store sells it to 13 and up.  It is very unlikely that you did not get an STD while having unprotected sex with your boyfriend IF he had chlamydia at that time as well. If you have not had sex with him since you became pregnant and you tested negative I'm sure you can do the math.  On average, it takes a normal couple one year to get pregnant. Have intercourse every other day, not every day (every day reduces sperm counts). And if you want to be more accurate, use ovulation test strips. You are most fertile 3 days before you ovulate to 1 day after ovulation. Answer test strips are my favorite because they offer 20 strips a month for you to test on (great if you have irregular cycles). The second line on the strip will often be darker than the control line when you do ovulate. Keep track of your cycles on a calendar so you know approximately when you ovulate so you can target the days you try to conceive better. If it goes past a year, or if your monthly cycles are over 35 days (from the first day of your period to your next first day), you can go to the doctor and get checked out, but chances are you just need a little more time! Good luck!  If you are more than a week late starting your period, you should take a pregnacy test. Just to be sure. In my experience sex has never changed my cycle, except when I was pregnant. One of my pregenacies I spotted for only one day, which was not normal for me. So I took a test to rule that out, but it turned out that was the reason why. Hope this helps.  Unattractive women  it probably best to see a doctor about it.  IF you got your period then you should not be pregnant. however, if it was late or if the period was way shorter than it should be (from your normal period) than it might be a spotting. i suggest either talk to a doctor about it or wait until the next month to see if you have another period  probably the best answer to get pregnant, is stop trying. it usally does works. my sister got 3 kids and both of her girls are unplanned. the boy (the middle child) was planned. they did not plan to have another child until the boy was 3 or 4 years old and that didnt happen. he was almost a year old when my sis found out that she was pregnant again.  I have been married 24 years im telling you don't give it to him make him wait and want you no matter how much you want him he will want you more,more I always dress up nice and try to look sexy at times my husband stairs at me makes remarks how he thinks hes going to get it after a while he will get bored with you if you have sex so much make him want you it will work im telling I been there done that im 41 will be 42 it will work make him want you make him wait don't let him though the card in for get that YOU THOUGH THE CARD IN IT WORKS I DO IT ALL THE TIME  You should definitely be tested for pregnancy as no protection is 100% effective and your symptoms can be related to pregnancy.  Absolutely! The man releases a little bit of pre-ejaculate during sex and it is entirely possible to become pregnant at any point in your cycle. You can always go get an over the counter pregnancy test to find out for sure.  Blood flow and pressure are important for erections. CHF and HBP both are suspects.Ask your health professional if there is some way to control those 2 conditions. Some meds can help "at the site". A discussion with your health professional may be enlightening  Differences in sexual appetite are normal. I would suggest she talk with her health professional to rule out some physiological cause. Connection of your satisfaction to hers is subject that could benefit from some open mutual discussion, possibly with a professional.  Normally 9 days after a missed period, but usually wait around 2 weeks just to be sure (:  try this  yea sound like you have a yeast infection id go get checked out girl  Don't worry, every man wants a tight virgin. Any size penis will fit any size vagina.  is that a contraceptive?  maybe that is your body's way of letting you know that you are getting ready to start going through the change of life.  Could have been a defective condom. Id get a pregnancy test or maybe a few of them  stay away from oral sex. There were recent discoveries of spreading "conditions/disease/virus" through oral sex. So stay safe and dont do it  no, but it can cause bad "conditions" which was proven in recent studies/discoveries, so id suggest refraining from performing oral sex  Yea, ive had it b4, its just that yeast infection, just keep applying that cream till if fully goes away. Are they around the head?  Over thinking it. Although pregnancy like symptoms can occur without actually being pregnant, they are rare. Kuddos to you for being prepared before having sex. Oh, and nausea might be caused by one of your medications, or even the birth control you're on. Headaches are often a result of anxiety.  First and sorry about this but anything is possible. Is it likely that you were knocked up by "fingering?" I highly doubt it. However, when it comes to sex it is always better to be safe rather than sorry. Use birth control and condoms. Not only will it give you the best chance to prevent unwanted pregnancy but it will also protect you against STD's. Don't rely on good faith of other people or if a man tells you he's going to put a condom on and don't ever fall for the "pull-out" method. Put the condom on for him. Make it playful and put it on with your mouth. This way you protect yourself without getting into an akward conversation when your about to do the nasty. And if you are super concerned still, use a vagianl spermicide. There is no reason that one can't use more than one birth control method. As for when is the earliest you can take a pregnancy test, well I've read up to 5-7 days before your next period. Personaly, I don't see how the hormone levels would be strong enough to detect, but hell it's worth the try and you can get it over the counter. Try it but my suggestion would be to follow it up with a pregnancy test if you miss your next period. Good luck!  Take a pregnancy test and consult your doctor. I see your 17, when you go to your appt. remind your doctor that your visit is confidential.  As a sixty year old male I can tell you that Intercourse is a risky business. Men at our age may be fearful of not being able to perform. That having been said here is what needs to happen. You must start a conversation about your desires and expectations. I find that many people want to have sex but they don't want to talk about sex. You not mature enough to have sex if you are not mature enough to talk about sex. ask if there is a medical problem. then ask if there is something that can be done (BLUE PILL AND THE LIKE) DON'T MAKE INTERCOURSE THE BE ALL AND END ALL OF SEX. There other ways to be intimate. Serious foreplay and oral sex, role playing games mutual masturbation. be willing to explore and be willing to do what it takes to satisfy each other. REMEMBER THE BRAIN IS THE LARGEST SEXUAL ORGAN IN THE BODY. NOW GO PLAY AND HAVE FUN.  Keep this ahead, you may go to mubuy to resolve.  well, u should really try to test today.  just have sexual relation between two menses on daily basis, if there is no other cause than certainly you get good news  check your cholesterol and sugar level. these are the main cause for erectile dysfunction  some birth controls make your body feel as if it was pregnant so you might get some of the symptoms of being pregnant  Thanks for asking this question. I dated a man (he was in his mid-40's) for awhile who was asexual. He was affectionate otherwise. We traveled together, slept together, but we never had sex. We split up for other reasons non-related to this. I found some information on the internet, but not much to explain why this is so for some. Certainly other medical issue can come into play, but I don't think that was true in this case.  I took a HPT and it came back neg. Today is actually day 24 of my cycle and I noticed light pink blood when I wipe. I have a regular cycle of 28 days, and my period comes on time every month. Im not expecting my period until 6/19. Being that I tested neg and that Im bleeding, could this be implantation bleeding or is this my period?  I had the same expierence when I was married. There wasn't any morning after medicine @ that time. But what I gather from your question that it fell off on the couch. Learn a lesson that you should be more careful the next time.  You might get your testosterone checked. It happens. My husband has had low T forever and I just found out my 24 year old son has extremely low testosterone(he is smoker as well) Hereditary??  I have the same problem and I found out im allergic to latex.  You need to take a test, and call your GYN. Sounds like you are PG !  You could be pregnant, but the best advice I can give you is GO SEE YOUR DOCTOR!  Depending on who is who, if you're the female it means he did his job correctly and that you actually had an orgasm. now if you're a male then it means she did the same for you... How old are you???  Could be several things from the wrong birth control pills to an STD.Best to see a Dr. if possible. 2nd best Planned Parenthood ......fee based on ability to pay .....confidential....... Don't know your situation, but....I have 4 daughters none of them perfect and they all lived to get grown. Your parents might be upset but they probably wouldn't kill you either. Good luck kiddo. You could be sweating bullets over something small,best to find out. About the Dr. problem 817-927-2737 if these people can't help directly they will know who you can call to get the Dr. you need. Phone answered 24/7  If you're a female, it sounds like an ovarian cyst.  i can only tell you what i know when i was on the pill and they had a full pack of pills most where white the colored ones were there just to keep taking a pill }which meant you were to start ur period} and just kept taking a pill all the time so you would nt forget at all so im guessing u are on where youd be on your period and have taken all the whiteone or the important one?? one full pack of pills i would say your safe,, look up more answers though.  Have you ever reviewed some of the sexual questions people post on this website? That is why, because you shouldnt allow your children to grow up clueless. People need to understand where babies and sexual diseases come from so they can stay healthy and avoid concieving before they are ready. Being ready to be a parent, leads to better parenting, leading to better children, leading to a better future, less unwanted babies, and less people dying from sexual diseases. Teen parents are on the rise, and its because so many parents are leaving it up to society and the media to teach their teens about sex! It prevents social awkwardness, when other children have learned all about the birds and bees, and are growing up, realistically do you want your child cliniging to their blankie when they get into high school? Talking to your children about sex does not promote sex if you do it the right way. Please do not be afraid to talk to your kids about sex. It may even be good to explain it to them before they are over rushed with hormones, and dont want to listen to you, when they are young and impressionable they may listen and do better!  Some times extreme weight loss, or exercise can throw a wrench in the flow, ya know? Call your doctor to make sure. ;)  If it was your first time, it is possible that you have anitcipated the event for so long that you were over excited, this is normal for young men, keep practicing.  When I see men asking questions like this, I wonder if they are trying to make women mad, or if they are really that clueless. Maybe tell your wife youre frustrated, but cheating is not a good idea, especially when she is carrying your baby.  You should just go buy her a pregnancy test from the dollar store. All she has to do is pee on it, and you will know.  if shes had a missed period that isnt coming and her test said positive shes probably pregnant, and can make an ulrasound appointment to confirm. If shes missed her period and the test says negative and shes taken multiple at home tests saying negative shes most likely NOT pregnant and pobably IS stressed out and will have a period next month, if not she might want to tell her doc to make sure nothings wrong, hope this helps. Sorry for my first short answer.  A mans penis does not enter your uterus during sex. The penis hits the cervix which is the opening of your uterus, the cervix is a very strong muscle that stays closed most of the time unless you are on your period of giving birth. When you orgasm the muscles in your VAGINA and uterus contract, this is normal. Your boyfriend needs to get used to the strength of your vagina....  I have had these symptoms but I am going through peri menopause. I am 47. My mother went through menopause at 50. But you could still be pregnant. Take a test as soon as you can, and of course, see your doctor.  Every woman is different. I have 2 children & with both pregnancies, I had a false negative on every test I did, even at the doctor's office, until I was about 3-4 months along. Some women's hormones react differently to the tests & will show a false positive or negative. I would go to your doctor & get tested there just to be sure.  This could depend on how well you know your body. I had a feeling I was after 2 weeks. Some people know sooner than others- but I would say wait until close to your next period time (4-6 weeks or so) and take a pregnancy test.  There are several things that could be causing this, but the two most likely would be endometriosis or polycystic ovarian syndrom (PCOS). As you said that you are an older couple this would be very, very unlikely after menopause, but you mentioned it is after ovulation. The fact that it has happened multiple times leads me to believe that it is endometriosis, however the duration of the pain could be a cyst popping, caused either by the endometriosis or the PCOS. Either way I would head in to see your gyno and explain the situation.  condoms...BC....try those....then you wont be scared of pregnancy happening... your in school....abstinance works wonders...no pregnancy there...  Yes you can. The depo will take about a month or two to take full effect. Even then it is not 100% effective.  Most birth control will take a few months to take full effect so I would wait for that. But if you are unsure you can always ask your doctor, they will have better information for you.  We are alot alike in many ways . I was worried about taking birth control also. I'm taking Junel which is the generic to loestrin. I love it! My cramps barely bother me and it's usually the first day that bothers me. It hasn't altered my periods. The sex thing my now husband waited for me 9mo. and he never pressured me. He actually had me wait longer so that i was positive that i was ready. I too was a virgin i was about to turn 20. I say wait until you are absolutely positive thats who you will be with o and my fella got tested before we did it bc i asked him to. I wasn't his first,but he was mine so never can be too certain. I took bc for 2 months before and we used condoms also until now since we r married. Hope this helps!  I would Truly suggest to you...You have got to see a Dr.....This might be something serious,its Better to be Safe then to be Sorry......Wishing you the best...  #  Did you overdo this.  Please immediately concern your physician for this.  Yes you need that badly.  This is all because of your age.  Hello there, herpes is one of hardest viruses to diagnose. many people carry the virus in their body but may go months or even years without an outbreak... the best advice i can give to you is to always use protection when sexually active, and whenever you think you might be having an outbreak to see your doctor just in order to be sure.  u may have an abnormal cycle. i will advise u to go to the doctor  Yes it is always possible. Before a man orgasms he can release "pre-ejaculate" which is sperm and can get you pregnant. If you're on another method of birth control such as the pill, IUD, Depo Provera, Nuva Ring, etc your chances are decreased. Best way to tell is to either get a home pregnancy urine test or ask your doc for a lab slip for beta hcg blood testing.  You can still have your period when pregnant normally they are lighter than normal I'd say you can take one now or wait till next month to see if you have your period or not if you do have it and its still light I'd go to the doctor and have them give you a test because if your not pregnant they will be able to tell you why your having light periods / and of course if you don't start that's a sign you should take one :) I hope I helped! Good luck!  I got the depo shot after I had my son in 97 I didnt have my period till 00 till this day my periods have not been normal and I have not been able to get pregnet for over 14 yrs  No you can't be pregnant in one day. Because sperms needs some time to travel to ovary and ovulate. Then only the reproduction takes place. baby carrier backpack  but it was protected ???  yes as lng as your partner is not having a out break u should be fine  I agree with NOHARD, you need to make a trip to your doctor asap  can you get c diff from having oral sex with your partner who has decayed teeth?  Your chance of being pregnant 3 days before period is due is low. The only factor that may affect this chance is your period is irregular, so your true time of ovulation may not be when you expect it to be. Your highest chance of becoming pregnant is 14days prior to period, but nothing is 100% except abstinence and using a latex properly fitting condom. These not only reduce your chance of pregnancy but diseases and you having to raise a baby before your ready. I know the reaction to condoms usually goes like this...your bf hates those things and you are in love, am I right?? Think of this is...is love and your bf's comfort worth your life and or future? I am not lecturing but hopefully giving you something to think about before the next time you have to post a question like this. Take Care of yourself  its not bad to have sex when your pregnant my doctor told me its the best excersize you can do without over doing it!  Well since your not pregnant your periods could just be very irregular but you should go see a doctor  Men have episodes of precum before they completely ejaculate! Having unprotected sex vaginally even pulling out, you can get pregnant! If you can't afford condoms or birth control there are clinics that give either free. If you're not wanting to get pregnant then use proper birth control measures. If you're a teen, you can get birth control through clinic's without parental consent.  no  u possible can  theres alot of things that can cause this and alot of things that can help, one stress if your stressed it possible your body gets out of the mood , also maybe its a good idea to try a lub ex: ky something that should stop the rubbing till your both raw. also if all your children were naturaly born your most likely a bit streached from all this andother reason why ky would be a good idea , the beelding it most likely form you guys trying without it and him cause lil pulls and tears in your vag walls , you may not really be tight it may just be your lack of lub and the extra streachy skin inside. pulling pulled on like trying to get your hand in a rubber glove without being able yo fit it on to your fingers from the outside ... if you get what im saying , try to have him ( and i know your onna love to hear this) spend a few mins down there to say hi and get you in the mood it can make a world of difference :) hope this helps you  yes but its unlikely to give to to him cause unlike women males have a very long track and its much harder for a man to get a uit i would say it safe to have sex , to be sure he doesnt get one since there is always a chance tell him to pee after and he shouldnt have any problem you also try to pee after sex, if you have a uti and based on what you said you do try to drink as much water as you can cranberry juice is also known to help and try not to pee everytime you get the urge to cause this can make it worse and cause bleeding , you have very small viens in the walls of your track which can break when you strain like you do when you have a uit , also if you just got one try the water diet for a day or so if it doesnt get better go to the doctor and get meds be sure to take them all even if you done have the discomfort anymore , i myself have been able to stop a uti with alot of water and trying not to always pee giving my blatter a chance to bluid up pee before going , but this doesnt always work okay :) hope this helps  yes in a short and simple answer ...its very possible , when u say it was early how early because if u had sex in your ovulation time its possible ur having a baby if not then it possible that the sex brought on some bleeding ... i would wait a good week and take a test ... and try to be awear of your body if u notice differences then it can lead more to u being pregnant if not it possible u had some breakthough bleeding its normal to sometimes bleed early , was it heavy or light ...brownish ... the back pain n cramping are also signs of implantion , the embro sticking to ur uerus.... if ur hoping for a baby i wish u luck n it sounds to me like u may b having one of not i hope everything ok :) hope this helped u  well i would guess her on top is likley to be the best idea you wont have to hold urself up , or doggie .. i know most ppl dont like to call it that but.... hope this helps  well it could be a few things , one if your man is really big he could be hurting you a little , or it possible hes hurting your vag wall ...are you using lub? or it could be something hormonal i would talk to your doctor about this . hope everything turns out ok  it could from oral , i would go to the doctor... n get it looked at whatever it is should be treated promptly , i hope you feel better :)  it possible , and this really depends on how much you were drinking on a normal basis but as we all know when you drink you get a surge in sex drive, it possible that now because your body is use to having the drinks ,your sex drive .... now without it your body has to again adjust to the changes , i dont think its something to worry about , also when you stop drinking of even something like cigarettes they give your body and mind stress and that alone can lower your sex drive i say give your body sometime to go into a groove without the drinks and see how you feel theres also many little things that can be done to boost your sex drive eatting better , working out ex. running ...all these help your brain produce the hormornes of happiness and with happiness come sex drive :) if this problem dosent go away on its own i would say its a good idea to talk to your doctor about it , good luck and hope the best for you :)  i would start off by saying 1 drink plenty of water , and two try as best as you can to pee after sex as this helps keep out things can can give you a uti, yeast infections are due to the yeast that lives in you intestines , if you do anal sex try to not do it before vag sex and if possible wipe yourself when u go number two toward your back not toward your vag as this will help limit the contact of yeast to your vag. hope this helps , also a healthy diet can help with utis, i get them sometimes started after my son was born and i began drinking lots of water and for me i was able to stop it without meds , if you try this and it doesnt go away go to your doctor , if you have had children before they say it makes it more common to have utis , hope this helps :)  kinda need a bit more information, have you had unprotected sex before your missed peroid? are you taking any birth control? spotting can be cause by many things but in this case it sounds like there may be a chance your prego and its common to spot when the egg attaches itself to you , i would take a prego test , i dont think that having sex after your missed period would have made it happen its possible that it pulled down the blood that would have come out either way. if your having lil cramps slight ones another sign you may be prego, also check your breast if they seem swollen and painful another sign , i think its best to take a hpt nd see what happens if your not prego you my want to give your gyn a call and see if she think you should come in , hope this helps  have you tried herbal douches like slippery elm, myrhh, maybe goldenseal ? you will have to mix it yourself. I recommend a book called, '' Back to Eden'' by Jethro kloss, it is a great book. Find a good herbal store, and find someone who knows herbs  Make a Doctors appt, and ask him, you should be more exact about your question, and try to spell better. Always remember there are two people you should never lie too, your doctor and lawyer, and oh, I almost forgot your parents also. Make sure you bathe regular and keep your stuff clean, and use a condom if you know whats good for you. your question was unclear and confuseing.  Probably not, but you can get a nasty sexual desise, better go buy some condoms silly, and if he doesent want to use em , lose him, its not worth it. Take care of yourself, be good to yourself, when nobody else will. Don't play games with sex, go to church and find a good man who loves GOD !  Oral sex is the process of stimulating the feeling before mating to have physical activity i.e sex with the medium of mouth, oral sex involves various techniques such as doggy lick, tounge penetration , flicker etc  In the physical relation, it is good to know about the desires and sexuality of both partners by each other, if you know your partner well, then you will be the best and everything will be automatically stimulates.  As you have tried Diflucan, tell your doctor that it doesn't work. There are prescription creams for yeast infections they can give you that are stronger than the ones you get over the counter. Also, after sex try using cleansing wipes instead of just toliet paper after you urinate. You can get flusable wipes at Walmart for a few dollars. Also, if you haven't already, have the doctor check your blood levels to make sure you don't have diabetes. Women with diabetes are more prone to getting yeast infections.  Her rubbing hand lotion on you or the condom should not give you HIV. Blood and body fluids pass HIV. So as long as she didn't have blood on her hands or vaginal fluids on her hands, you should be fine. But remember that other STD's can be passed to people even when condoms are used. It's less likely but it can happen. Your testicules are aren't covered by a condom so be careful who you have sex with.  it depends on how long you where on and did you have your period  Yes, it is possible and not uncommon. If you keep doing this, month  Yes.Henry Wagner, M.D., told me.  Sounds like a yeast infection to me. Monistat 3 saved my life! I couldn't sleep and was at the point of tears. Experiencing those symptoms were the worst and I broke down until I asked an MA that I worked with. She recommended this treatment. I googled it and was TERRIFIED at the responses that it was worse to use than the actual condition itself. But I buckled down and said it really can't be any worse than this. I (and the MA) was right. Nothing burned or felt worse. Just relief. Every day after got better and better. I am finishing day 3 of monistat and I feel back to normal. I am thankful I didn't pay attention to the bad reviews. I feel like people come online more so to bash their bad experience with it because it didn't help them, and those that it did help they don't find a need to let others know because they are over the hurdle. That's why I'm posting. People need to know that it's not scary and that it's NORMAL. And extremely uncomfortable. But that this product WORKS. The symptoms I had were as follows: paper cut feeling on the labia, burning on the inside of the vagina, and sleeplessness due to extreme discomfort. The only thing I did differently than what the box recommended was using calmoseptine cream on the outside for the itching and burning instead of the cream in the box. Calmo has a menthol release and was the only thing that helped. The monistat ointment that came with the 3 was bogus and made it burn like crazy. Calmo is used for a wide variety of skin issues such as this and medical professionals seem to think this okay to use for this condition to get relief. I didn't consult with one before using it and it got me though the majority of my day. Just remember to cleanse and reapply frequently, and use less as it get's better (because skin needs to breathe). Good luck to you all and seek medical attention if you have a fever or any other out of the ordinary symptoms for yeast infection. Other than that, get to your nearest Rite Aide or other pharmacy provider and get Monistat for relief. Just remember that 1 is the most potent, and 7 is the least and if you are prone to more sensitivity go with the longer treatment. God speed.  Actually it was most likely in January. 40 weeks doesn't always add up to 9 months. Congrats!  I agree with the above advice, however I would also recommend going to a doctor and checking for any internal damage from your falls. I did cheer also and understand the risks and accidents that happen with the "sport". Make sure when you took your pregnancy tests that they were taken correctly, by this I mean that you waited the proper amount of time.  No  Right! Who would WANT to!!  With blood present, an imbalance of hormones could be the problem. I experienced something along those lines, without the added pain. My doctor told me to get in to see her a.s.a.p.; " no one should experience blood during menopause". An adjustment of my prescription hormone therapy was diagnosed.  Yes, there is a greater chance since she is freshly cleaned from menstrating  I think you have to recheck your diet. You also have to make yourself aware about the importance of living an active lifestyle so you will stay healthy and remain in perfect shape. You may also try the Trusclupt in NYC. Check out www.bodytreatmentcenter.com.  The most earliest signs are fatigue, sore breast, missed period,and nausea. Several of websites say the same thing.  with an ultra sound they can tell at about 2 1/2 weeks. With a test it can pick up as early as 4 weeks.  when i was early in pregnancy before i actually found out i was nautious morning noon and night not just in the morning and i was very sensitive to smells and something that might have smelled good to me before smelled horrible and made me nautious then! I smoked cigarettes before i found out and every time i would try and smoke it made me very sick to my stomach especially the smell! I was so tired and i couldn't get enough sleep no matter how much i slept ,that's all i wanted to do was sleep! theses symptoms started for me about 6 weeks of pregnancy up until 3 months and i found out i was pregnant about 8 weeks i knew once these symptoms started to occur i was most likely pregnant being i had two children already and had these same symptoms with the other two pregnancies!  You might as not even be on the pill if you have unprotected sex with-in 24 hours. Like most pills it takes a while to take effect in your system. Good rule of thumb is allow a month from time started for it to enter and take effect in your system. Until then us a condom.  Don't worry about it. The average penis in america is 6 inches. I to am not well endowed, but, my Wife LOVE mine. She says it is just right and doesn't hurt her. You are probably going by the magazines and movies. Trust me they ARE NOT normal sized. We are created individually and when you find Mrs. right she won't care.  Did you use additional protection? Birth control pills aren't always 100% effective anyways. You could still get pregnant regardless. Always double up on protection if you are worried about getting pregnant. As to what your chances are to being pregnant, I couldn't really tell you. You will have to wait it out and see how next month goes.  Also, you are on your first month so the pill really isn't effective until 2 weeks of continuous, non-interrupted use.  thank you for answering this..i had the same thing happen with my first pregnancy.i spotted/bleed thru the first 6 months and went to the doctor for what I thought was a cold too.i had no symtoms of being pregnant so when the told me I was 6 months along I almost passed out..he became very active after I found out...I was hoping this was happening again, and nothing was wrong..glad to know im not the only one who went thru it..  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  My gf and I had sex 2 weeks before the due date for her period. I think that time is her fertile period too.  If it is it will have a chemical/pizza dough like taste, I showed up negative in my own personal test.  I have 6 stents and I continue to have sex.  I worked as an LPN in Women's Health for 20 years. Mirena is a wonderfully effective BC method you should have very few worries regarding pregnancy. It does not however offer any protection from STDs your provider will have made you aware of these risks along with making sure you know how to properly check for the strings of your Mirena manually, check every month following your cycle as long as you can feel the strings ( they feel similar to fishing line) and you are confident in your partners sexual good health. You shouldn't be worried about contraception for up to 5 years from the date of insertion so enjoy hope my answer was helpful.  You must refrain for a while to allow complete heaaling. Usually six months is adequate. I have found many non gay friendly providers feel you have to stop but there is not a good reason if full healing has taken place. Now more aggressive forms or anal play may have to be stopped( FF)  Use a silicone based lubricant to prevent that EROS or Wet Platinum can help a lot  it could take up to 6 mounths for it to show up  Hello, I am not a doctor but i can help a bit. You did not specify as to whether or not you had protected or unprotected vaginal sex. Protected vaginal sex puts you at a low risk, where as unprotected vaginal sex puts you at a high risk of contracting HIV. There are no clinical symptoms associated with HIV. This means that no consistent physical symptoms have been observed among people with HIV. With that being said, some infected individuals do experience a strong flu-like illness 2-3 weeks post exposure, and this last for about 8-10 days. However, some infected individuals experience no symptoms at all. The World Health Organization guidelines consider all testing to be conclusive at 3 months. So make sure to get tested after 4 weeks.  just wondering if anyone had an answer on this?  i think if u got genital herpes, that's about as bad as its gonna get. Shingles is worse. Get a Shingles shot every year ; they have one at most pharmacies. Also check your immunological system.  It is most likely just a side effect of Plan B. I would suggest seeing how long these symptoms may last on the instructions part of Plan B. If they last longer than they should take a test/ consult your doctor.  Sorry to say, but with a partner having STD or having unprotected sex with someone, both can lead to cause STD's like HPV.  Yes! One can get HPV without having sex.  Yes, it is possible that he might got infected because of having Oral Sex.  Same thing happened to my sister turned out she had a cist on her ovarie that burst during sex  it would be unlikely but if your concerned the best thing you can do is take a test.  hello decamp it is very normale to see one of those   do know that stress can bring on missed periods. also small ovarian cysts can cause irregular periods is what my obgyn told me when i was having the same issue. Are you on any type of birth control? Cause that could cause it also. See your obgyn and good luck!  Hi! I am 31 years old. Premature ejaculation is more common than you think. up to 40% of all males experience this in their life-time. I personally overcame my issues with premature ejaculation by following these very helpful tips. If interested, please click here: http://www.buy-duramale.com I hope it helps you as well as it did for me.  Sounds to me like you were ovulating on day 11 and 12 and if you had unprotected intercourse and now feeling the symptoms of pregnancy, I'd go get tested. Sounds to me like you just encountered the same situation I did when I conceived my first child. I know the exact date of her conception because of this.  No, it is really good, and you can only get pregnant once during that time..smile  7-10 days  Most women, statistically, do NOT have orgasms when the have intercourse or with any penetration. I am one of these women but what works with me is playing with or using a vibrator on the clitoris while having sex. Most women can orgasm from clitoris stimulation.  your partner can only become affected when the affected person has an outbreak!! if you have herpes and your partner doesn't, you should use protection!! also, your partner should get tested!!!  lower abdominal pains can be caused by anything, the clear discharge with cramps is a sign of an infection, bacteria infection, urinary tract infection, yeast infection etc.. you should go and see your gynecologist to be on the safe side!!  it does depend on how long you were on depo, i used depo between all three of my pregnancies and it always took me a year after getting off of it to actually get pregnant again .  on or just before the 2an mth you will have tenderness in your breast,sick in the morning or night,you can smell things you wouldn't normally notice. crapping but no period,you may spot a little,pink,. id just go get a test if i were you..good luck  I have had this before, it was because of travelling and also stressful times this happens again. I just track and try to be stress fee.  sounds like a physician diagnosis is needed for possible signs and symptoms of human papilloma virus.  your partners vagina is not producing enough moisture and should be checked by her obgyn, the friction from the condom is rubbing her inner walls causing them to bleed.  My stepmother is going through the same thing. She also went 4 1/2 months without a period, and then began having 2 periods per month for 3 months. She visited her doctor many times who always told her its early menopause. Her mother went through menopause at 43 years old. Check with your doctor.  Nothing harm; without pressing abdomen , sexual intercourse you may have. It is my personal experience. Even you may have it up to the last night of the delivery. Nothing will happen.  The only definite birth control is abstinence. Regardless of the kind you use, be it pills, Depo, IUD, etc, there is always a chance of getting pregnant, however small it may be. I have two friends that got pregnant on birth control. The only way to be completely sure if you are pregnant or not is to take a pregnancy test.  There is nothing wrong with you, and it is normal for someone like your boyfriend to have sexual fetishes, which in this case happens to be older women. In fact, in the age of the Internet, it's a pretty tame thing to be attracted to. Pornography is something one can be addicted to, however. If it is becoming a real problem, try talking to him about it. Try to find out what can be done to reignite your sex life. Let him know that it is affecting not just him, but you too.  what can I do about it  no it is not at all normal to loose bowel during sex, try squeeze in while having sex, no need to try squirting. if you face this problem regularly try doing Kegel Excercises. they help you have greater control over your pelvic muscles.  What the hell is inching.............I guess it to be itching.........Some women might have itching if they dislike peno-oral sex...................Amateur women also face itching due to the feeling of yuck.....do your job by heart with a motive of giving pleasure to your partner......enjoy the BJ and you will not feel itching...............http://www.trendyhealers.com/  for five years you can have freely have sex  It is possible that you are, I know i am a little late answering this but you probably took the test too early  Get a divorce because she doesn't deserve a "man" who considers cheating on her! Jerk.  yes becuse even though he did not cum inside of you its still a chance that pre-cum can get unto your canals and there still is a risk of you getting preagnant if i were you i would wait and then take a test or see a doctor that is the best way to determine anything dont ever diagnose yourself hoppe this helped  WHAT IS THE SAFE THING TO TAKE FOR a dry cough when taking blood thinners  have you tried lubricant it could be too dry  I would say you can be 99.9% certain that she will not get pregnant. You guys may want to consider a better form of birth control, however!  See your Dr immediately  At first when she told me that sex was out and kissing was out, I was devastated as I was most attracted. Since then we have cuddled and I have found another who is more participatory. Maybe this other gal is better for me. I am busy trying to find my way in a forest of goddesses, so the key is how well you can talk, especially about sex. If it avoided as a topic it may be the best indicator that it will not improve, unfortunately. Friendships are fine but they really take second place to a potential sexual and sensual partner. So the priorities shift based on what you think is happening, and the only way to judge is based on what is said. In many cases it takes risk to raise certain subjects, and once one risk is made unsuccessfully another risk is less likely and the final outcome is evident. Can't get blood from a stone. Norl sexual love from someone unwilling, tha'ts a good taboo. Find someone willing is the only way out of the dilemma.  I hope by this time you found your awnser, but just so the person who awnsered your question knows, you can only be 100% safe by staying not haveing sex at all, so to enjoy your sexlife with no worry you would want to use multiple conticeptives. I was made when my mom used BC and my dad wore a condom, it happens. Infact it happend because my mom unknowingly had cervical cancer so her BC did not work.  I found a tick on my penis back in the summer. How it got there, I have no clue. Anyway, I removed it and a small bump remained. I suspect it was the tick's head, still imbedded in my skin, and the bump was my body slowly absorbing it. Yes, it's disgusting and frightening to think of a parasite attaching itself to my genitals, but ultimately the bump went away in about a week or so, with no lasting effects. No Lyme disease. You're probably OK, but you could always go to the doctor for advice, just so he or she can inform you about what symptoms of Lyme disease to look for.  Yes you can use moisturizer on your penis. Some men even use lotion when masturbating, as a lubricant. If you do have a cut on your penis, using lotion might burn a little, though.  Since you say you were on BC, probably not. Condoms are often lubricated with spermicide, too, which also increases your safety. I'd say the odds are in your favor that you aren't pregnant.  I don't know about a day or two later, but if you have sex and she doesn't shower or otherwise wash the semen out, she will have a strong genital odor for most of the day. Your genitals smell, too, after sex. On the other hand, an odor for more than a day, and after washing, could indicate something like a urinary or yeast infection.  I'd say you're perfectly normal. Many women can't have an orgasm via intercourse; they require direct clitoral stimulation. Have you ever had an orgasm from masturbation? If not, that's probably where you want to start. You need to learn how to make yourself have an orgasm, so that you can show your partner what you need. If what you need is direct clitoral stimulation, then you'll have to talk to him about how to perform oral or manual sex on you. Sex toys can also help. Maybe he can hold a vibrator on your clitoris during intercourse. There are also vibrating cock rings he could wear that would provide stimulation for both of you.  Lubricant. You can buy astroglide or KY Jelly at most department stores and pharmacies. You can also order it online if you don't want the cashier ringing it up with your groceries. In stores, the lube can usually be found with the condoms.  Thanks for all the support, I didnt pop it agian, it was painful I did look online in other resources, and someone recommended Calimine lotion? ... after about 12 hours it was smaller in size, and i touched it and it poped itself with very little pain. Lots of puss, but the swelling is going down. I'm washing it periodically now with Saline water. Thanks everyone. I will keep everyone posted, if i have anymore questions, i'll post another. thanks for all the help agian.  voluntary involvement in sex is pleasurable.. it is painful and torturous under forcible condition.  Sure can do to the potency of precum.  That is the average size.  