The doctors can never promise you full recovery.  Has he seen a doctor? and if so has the doctor sent him to see a rheumatoid doctor as his problem could be some thing else and not arthritis  My personal preference is heat. It seems to be better for me than ice. Some people get better relief from ice, so I would suggest try them both, and then use what works the best for you.    I am sorry for your dad's serious condition. After 2 weeks of not eating or drinking a person would be close to death. The human body when bedridden ( where energy is barely being expended) , can survive a maximum of 8 -14 days without fluid intake . The hospital would have had a responsibility to treat your dad and stabilize him before discharging him from the ER. Was he given IV fluids at the ER? What instructions were provided by the ER prior to his discharge? It would be interesting to know if your dad refused treatment. Nutrition is a part of required medical treatment that must be provided by the hospital.But the patient may refuse medications, food, and fluids just like any other medical treatments. Unfortunately,without intervening with fluids almost immediately, the body will shut down and death will soon occur. I wish you well during this period of uncertainty.  I am sorry for your conditions not being resolved through non-invasive treatments. Shoulder pain, locking, and weakness sounds like a miserable way to live through your daily life. I had a severely torn rotator cuff that eventually required surgical repair. The pain was almost unbearable at times and was coupled with arm numbness and tingling that did not respond to non-surgical treatment efforts. Having my shoulder repaired was a good decision for me. The MRI results, coupled with non-resolution of your symptomology through conservation approaches, clearly shows that you require surgical intervention. Why live with your intolerable symptoms? I realize that having surgery under general anesthesia is a big deal. Therefore, I suggest that you interview an orthopedic surgeon and then seek a second opinion. From those two surgeons ask questions that you may have and also determine how many of these surgical repairs that they do in a year. Complete a soft background check on both surgeons including an interview review of patient comments and satisfaction rates. Chose the surgeon that has a solid clinical record and made you feel most comfortable. Ask friends, family, and neighbors for referrals to shoulder surgeons. Check the internet for sites that may actually show you a video surgery being completed that is similar to one that you will undergo. You may or may not be hospitalized after surgery, but should be given pain medication, have multiple follow-up visits with your surgeon, and referred for physical therapy. Through self-education on your condition and choosing the best surgeon, your complete recovery looks promising. I trust that my answer has been helpful.   The liver is an important part of digestion and may respond negatively to iron sucrose. According to drug.com, increased liver enzymes have been reported by I-5 % of those treated with iron sucrose. Because of their close association in regulating digestion, the gall bladder, in addition to the liver, may show negative results after administration of iron sucrose. It is important to report negative symptoms following iron sucrose treatment to your physician.  The first step to take should be to have a complete medical exam including blood studies and a medication review(sometimes different doctors prescribe medications without knowledge of the other doctor's prescribed medications. Too much medication can influence your energy level and cause drowsiness). Once you are found to be medically fit (no cancer, no heart or major organ problems),you may move on to what I suspect is the cause of your fatigue; that is, your chronic physical pain and resultant depression. Your next step may be to seek a referral to be seen by an orthopedic surgeon to receive appropriate treatment options for your neck, back, shoulders, torn rotator cuff, and torn ACL. This one doctor, along with a pain management specialist, may be able to keep your pain level within an acceptable range without taking large doses of energy draining medications. Finally, continue with your counseling and seek methods to reduce stress in your life. Stress causes emotional and physical problems. Eat nutritious meals, exercise as permitted by your physician and as tolerated (take neighborhood walks to see nature, animals, and to interact with other people), and get 8 hours of sleep each night. My plan is not a magic bullet, but it is different from what you are doing now. Your current plan of action is leaving you in pain, in a chronic sleepy state, and joyless. You deserve better. .   Ibuprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for temporary pain relief, fever reduction, and protection against swelling. In general, ibuprofen also acts as a vasoconstrictor. Ibuprofen is rapidly absorbed following administration and is rapidly distributed throughout the whole body. The excretion is rapid and complete via the kidneys. After complete excretion of Ibuprofen, It will no longer reduce pain, fever, or protect against affected area swelling. Ibuprofen will not cure back problems. Maximum plasma concentrations are reached 45 minutes after ingestion if taken on an empty stomach. When taken with food, peak levels are observed after 1 to 2 hours. These times may vary with different dosage forms. The half-life of ibuprofen is about 2 hours.  I meant to put 'tourettes' not torrents. Sorry.  Sometimes after a fracture in the shoulder, an adhesive capsulitis or "frozen shoulder" can occur. This is when the shoulder capsule tightens up. It can take months of physical therapy for this to "thaw." Sometimes your physician may inject a corticosteroid to try to speed the process up.  Thank you for the reply, Dr. Moser. Unfortunately, I am a member of the exclusive 'self-employed and too poor for insurance and make too much for welfare' category.  Could be pinch nerve in neck, have a Nerve conductive test done ask doctor I have the same thing an that's what we found was pinch nerve in neck .  The X-ray may show bursitis it is extremely painfully so no it is not a wast of time. I'm no doctor but that's how they found bursitis in my hip and shoulders..  Any chest pain should be regarded seriously, especially if it is significant, of unknown origin, or very sudden. Its causes can be anywhere from entirely harmless to immediately life-threatening, so it might be best to err on the side of caution and go to a doctor or emergency room - it is better to overreact and find out that it is something manageable, than to wait and find out that it was very serious, potentially permanent. I think it's highly improbable that this has come from lifting your baby, not least of all since this started while you were asleep. It is very possible that this pain cardiac related, but there are a great number of other things that could be causing it. Again, I would recommend that you seek emergency care for something this sudden - better to be safe than sorry, especially since you have a child to care for.  NO  If bursitis is recent, try acupuncture. Very effective and no side effects.  I was just diagnosed with the exact same thing (same place too). I was told to make an appointment with a neurosurgeon IMMEDIATELY! I suggest you do the same.  I would say yes, but simply because the muscles aren't used to being used. You should check with your doctor first, but I'd suggest slowly----very slowly----doing simple exercises to work the muscles. Start with just a very few minutes or repetitions at a time and work your way up. It'll probably take several months or longer to get it back to normal. But before you do anything, check with your doctor. He'll more than likely give you an exercise regimen to build your shoulder muscles back up. Or it could be caused by something completely different, and the exercise could do more damage than good. So be sure and check with him first.  Whomever gave the shot most likely gave the shot in the fat of the arm instead of the muscle.  Personally when I was down to the last month to month-half of my pregnancy, my back pain was so severe that I was bed ridden. I was placed on Tylenol 3 for the last 1.5 months of my pregnancy. I am not saying that its normal ro have back pain, but it is not unheard of in the last months of pregnancy because your body is changing, getting ready for the birth. The baby is pressing on your spine and hitting nerves.  looked into getting MRI or seeing an Orthopedic specialist for a pinched Nerve or cervical Neck problems. Had a Neck n 2 shoulder repairs. I have been in pain just like yours since last Shoulder surgery n told possible SSN Super Scapular Nerve problems.   <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p> I would suggest adding internal rotation (moving the upper arm toward the body, i.e. putting your seatbelt on in the passenger seat of a car with the right arm) and external rotation (moving the upper are away from the body, i.e. putting the seatbelt on with the right arm while in the drivers seat) exercises 2-3 times a week completing 1-2 sets of 8-12 repetitions using a very light weight 1-3 pounds. <o:p></o:p> You are correct to avoid any lifts over the head using a pressing movement but you could replace that with front or side raises with dumbbells or bands to eye level. Lat pull-downs can be replaced with either bent over dumbbell row or seated mid-back rows: machines, bands or free weights would be acceptable. <o:p></o:p>  I would suggest adding internal rotation (moving the upper arm toward the body, i.e. putting your seatbelt on in the passenger seat of a car with the right arm) and external rotation (moving the upper arm away from the body, i.e. putting the seatbelt on with the left arm while in the drivers seat) exercises 2-3 times a week completing 1-2 sets of 8-12 repetitions using a very light weight 1-3 pounds. <?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p> You are correct to avoid any lifts over the head using a pressing movement but you could replace that with front or side raises with dumbbells or bands to eye level. Lat pull-downs can be replaced with either bent over dumbbell row or seated mid-back row machines, bands or free weights would be acceptable. <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p>  It sounds like you may have hurt your rotator cuff. I popped mine lifting bags that were too heavy for me. I couldn't lift my bent elbow above my shoulder or straighten out my arm above my head. It hurt down the back of my arm in the triceps area to the elbow and biceps. Unable to move my arm backward. Had to see the doctor. By the way it doesn't go away just stays the same or gets worse. I know this because I waited over a year thinking the pain would subside.  You definitely need to see a doctor about this as soon as possible. If you are a woman, this could be something benign, like , but it also could be symptoms of heart attack. Many people are familiar with the classic signs of an acute heart attack: crushing or squeezing chest pain that may radiate down the left arm, shortness of breath, etc. But heart attacks also can last only a few moments, such as what you're describing. You don't want to take any chances with this, especially if you have other risk factors for a heart attack, such as obesity, high cholesterol, a sedentary lifestyle, and so on. Please take care and get checked out as soon as possible.  Generally, when we talk about "fluid" in the shoulder, we're talking about , which is inflammation of one or more tiny bursa sacs that help lubricate the shoulder joint. The fluid in question usually is excessive fluid within the bursa sac. If it turns out you have bursitis, chances are your primary care provider will deal with it. Usually, the main treatment for bursitis is rest and possibly physical therapy. Surgery normally isn't indicated for bursitis. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. Navigating the health care system can be very frustrating, indeed! Let me start by saying , in and of itself, can be quite painful. Therefore, it is possible there's nothing else wrong with your husband's shoulder. Still, I can understand your concern and desire to get further testing done. Try not to be too hard on your husband's physicians. Part of the problem may be his insurance carrier. If nothing showed up on X-ray, your husband's insurance may not cover an MRI. That's not the doctor's fault; that's just the rules set forth by the insurance company. That said, if you want to push for further imaging studies, ask to be referred to an orthopedic surgeon. A shoulder fracture may require surgical repair, so it's not necessarily an unreasonable request. I wish you and your husband all the best in getting this sorted out.  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It is, indeed, very painful. In plain English, a superior labral tear is a torn tendon at the top of your shoulder joint, where the head of your arm bone meets the "socket" of your shoulder. It is not an uncommon problem. Eventually, the tendon probably will heal on its own. Tendons and ligaments tend to heal VERY slowly because they have poor blood supplies. The bad news is it literally can take months for these tears to heal. In the meantime, you want to make sure you don't lose range of motion in your shoulder. You should consult your doctor for specific advice on whether or not you should be doing range-of-motion exercises or not. If possible, avoid moving your shoulder in a way that causes pain. Basically, that movement is aggravating the tear, which will make it heal more slowly. Ice won't help because the soothing comfort of cold can't reach deeply enough into the shoulder joint. If you're not allergic to ibuprofen, you can take that for pain. Again, sorry you're going through this. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds very unpleasant! A number of things could be going on here, but it's not likely your gallbladder is involved. The gallbladder is located on the right side of the body, near the bottom of your rib cage. It's doubtful the gallbladder could refer any pain to the left shoulder. I can think of any number of reasons you'd be having this pain, from a slight fracture to a injury to an aggravated . The only way to find out what's going on is to see a medical professional for an examination and possibly other testing, like an X-ray. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider (PCP) to have this evaluated. It would be helpful to evaluate it when it's actually flaring up, but that might be impossible to time. Even if you're not having a pain episode, your PCP might be able to come to some conclusion as to the cause of this pain and get you started on treatment. Best of luck to you!  So sorry to hear you're going through this. Pain in the left arm and the back is always concerning, in terms of whether it could be heart related. If you are a woman, please read about the possible symptoms of a heart attack, which can include pain in the left shoulder and back, along with weakness on that side. If you are a man or a woman and are experiencing any of , please get checked out by a health care provider right away: Chest pain, discomfort or heaviness Pain or discomfort radiating to the back, jaw or throat Sweating, nausea, vomiting or dizziness Extreme weakness, anxiety, or shortness of breath Rapid or irregular heartbeats Now, all that said, it's also possible you're suffering from a pinched nerve or muscle strain. Nonetheless, if the pain persists, gets worse, or if you begin experiencing other symptoms, please see a health care provider as soon as possible.  Sorry to hear you're going through this. It sounds like you did a great job of rehabbing on your own, though! The shoulder is a very complex structure. If, in fact, you did injure your rotator cuff, it can take a long time to heal. Aggravating the injury through usage can make the process slower. However, it's possible the problem isn't your rotator cuff at all. There are structures called " " in the shoulder, too. These are leathery sacs of fluid that help lubricate the joint. It's possible to tear or otherwise injure a bursa sac around the shoulder, which can lead to the type of symptoms you're describing. Or you could have injured a ligament. Like I said, the structure of the shoulder is very complex. Whether it's your rotator cuff, a bursa, or a ligament, the main healing factor is time. Obviously, something about the puck-shooting motion and force is aggravating your injury, which may increase your healing time. If the pain becomes chronic, or you feel you've re-injured the shoulder, then it's clearly time to have the doctor look at it again. After all your great work rehabbing the injury, you don't want to now undo everything! Hope this helps.  Oh, ouch! Sorry to hear you went through this. The sacrifices we make to look good, right?! It sounds to me from your description like the wound healing process is proceeding along a normal course. That brownish/yellowish goop you see likely is caused by an excessive number of protein cells. The body tends to overcompensate a little when trying to heal a wound like this. Unless you spike a fever (over 101F) and start feeling nauseated or something, you're probably good to go. I'm sure your doctor gave you wound care instructions. You don't need to scrub that goo off, but you can cleanse the wound with cool, soapy water and pat dry. The silver sulfadiazine was a great choice for this type of burn. That stuff is nearly miraculous, in my opinion. A thin layer is all you need. Eventually, this will wound scab over. It sounds like you might have a scar from this burn. If that concerns you, feel free to consult your physician again after it's healed for some options about how to minimize the scar. All the best to you!  Well, that's kind of weird, isn't it? I'm sorry you're going through this. The shoulder and arm area is an odd place to get a rash or a breakout of something like . If the rash is happening only on one side, it's probably worth having a health care provider look at it, though it's probably not any sort of emergency. If the rash is occurring on both shoulders/arms, then you might consider causes such as laundry detergent (mild allergy or reaction), dryer sheets, wearing new clothes before washing them, a change in the type of soap you use (again, possibly a mild allergic reaction), or something along those lines. If the rash/blotchiness doesn't clear up on its own, or if it gets worse, spreads, or your begin having swelling of the face/mouth and/or shortness of breath, then you need to seek medical care. Best wishes as you try to solve this mystery!  I'm glad to hear all is good, and I hope I can help set your mind at ease. A in the neck can send pain radiating down the shoulder and arm -- and even into the chest area, which could indeed feel like the symptoms of a . Presumably, you received an X-ray or MRI scan of your neck. This is usually how a pinched nerve in the neck is diagnosed. Pinched nerves in the neck are often caused by compression of a disk in the spinal column of the neck. This compression puts pressure on the nerve, which in turn causes the pain. You're right that there's no relationship between a pinched nerve in the neck and a heart problem. It's just that the pinched nerve caused you to have pain that was similar to what a person feels when they have a heart attack. Hope this helps!  So sorry to hear you're going through this. It's difficult to cope with severe pain. Unless you're experiencing along with this pain in your neck, please do not clog up the emergency room. The emergency department should be reserved for true life-or-death emergencies or serious traumas like broken bones. Unfortunately, severe neck pain doesn't rise to that level. What you're describing sounds like the classic symptom of a . There are many possible causes for , ranging from a to a . It sounds like you've done everything right, in terms of home treatment. However, one round of ibuprofen, one hot shower, and one good massage may not be enough to alleviate the pain, especially if it's caused by something like a herniated disk. (Also note: No one should take more than 2400 milligrams of ibuprofen within a 24-hour period, and no more than 800mg every 8 hours.) Again, assuming you're not exhibiting any (which generally don't include "stabbing pain at the base of the neck"), your best bet is to continue to try home remedies. If the situation doesn't clear up within a few days, make an appointment with your primary health care provider for an evaluation. If the situation gets worse (such as your arm starts to go numb), then you might consider heading for an urgent care facility. Wishing you well!  I suppose the answer to your question depends on your individual pain tolerance. Would you rate yourself "very tough" when it comes to pain? Or do you not handle pain too well? It's OK to say you don't handle pain well. In fact, as a nurse I appreciate it when patients tell me that so I can take extra measures to make sure they're comfortable. All that said, a corticosteroid injection isn't too bad. Usually, the steroid medicine is mixed with numbing medicine, so after the initial "ouch," the injection area goes numb fairly quickly. Corticosteroid injections can be very effective in reducing certain types of joint pain. If your health care provider has recommended a steroid injection for your shoulder problem, I would say "go for it." Some tips to make the process more comfortable: Focus on your breathing. Just before the procedure, begin taking long, slow, deep breaths from your abdomen (belly button area). The key word here is SLOW. Visualize the air going in and out of your body. This will help you relax. Try to relax your arm as much as possible. Picture the muscles of your arm, starting at the fingers, and think about relaxing each muscle in turn, all the way to your shoulder. Close your eyes and picture a pleasant location. Personally, I like to picture a mountain cabin by a lake. Take in all the details of this image while you're being injected. It will help you stay calm. I hope that helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're suffering from this. The shoulder is a very complex joint, so your symptoms could be caused by a number of things. Usually, when an x-ray is "negative," it means there's no broken bone, which is a relief. Unfortunately, it's not possible to diagnose an injury like yours in an online forum. You've done the right thing by seeing a medical professional and getting an x-ray. That doesn't mean you shouldn't follow up and press for more details, though. In fact, this is exactly what I'd suggest. As long as the shoulder isn't getting better, continue to follow up every few weeks with your healthcare provider. A few common causes of shoulder pain like you describe are: a damaged , a injury, and ligament damage. Injuries to the bursa or a ligament will heal with time. A rotator cuff injury may or may not; it depends on the severity of the injury. Anyway, keep following up with your medical provider. You may need to be re-examined to make sure you don't have a soft tissue injury that requires intervention. Wishing you all the best!  Gosh, it's really hard to say what could be causing this without performing a physical examination. Have you injured the shoulder? Slept on it wrong? Do you engage in contact sports? Any of these things could cause the symptoms you describe. It could be a pulled muscle, muscle spasms, shoulder injury, nerve root compression at the spine -- and that's just for starters. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider to have this checked out. With a good physical exam and possibly some other testing, your provider should be able to diagnose and treat the source of the symptoms. Hope you feel better soon!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. A torn rotator cuff can be very painful to live with! I suggest you have a good, long conversation with your surgeon about your concerns regarding . It's not uncommon for a person to have second thoughts about undergoing surgery or to think of questions they wish they'd asked at the initial consultation. A good surgeon will want to make sure you're completely comfortable with your decision to have surgery -- or not. And, remember, it IS decision. I recommend you make the decision hand-in-hand with your doctor because he or she has the medical expertise to guide you in your decision-making process. You can always request to be re-assessed to see if surgery still makes sense in your situation. Not all torn rotator cuffs are treated with surgery. That said, if surgery is recommended, your surgeon can explain how your sickle cell anemia may affect the healing process, and what things he or she plans to do to reduce any chances of complications. Wishing you well!  Good question! means "inflammation of the tendon." Therefore, technically you can get tendinitis anywhere there's a tendon -- and that includes your shoulder. Tendinitis of the shoulder probably is less common than, say, tendinitis of the elbow. If you're experiencing pain in both shoulders at the same time, chances are it's not tendinitis. It would be unusual for tendons in opposite joints to flare up at the same time. Bilateral shoulder pain could indicate something else, such as muscle spasms across the top of the back or perhaps a herniated disc in the spinal column (though the symptoms from that often are one-sided, as well). Another possibility for pain in both shoulders simultaneously is . This definitely could flare up in both joints at the same time. Of course, I'm not a doctor so these are just examples of the types of things that could possibly cause shoulder pain. If you're having pain in a joint, your best bet is to see a medical provider. Wishing you well!  I suppose it's possible. can be very painful, and I'm sure it might feel as if the pain is radiating down the neck to the shoulder. However, the pain you're describing could be caused by many other conditions, including muscle strain, , or even possibly . The only way to tell what's causing your pain is for you to get an examination by a medical professional. If your pain doesn't clear up or if it's accompanied by a fever, I'd suggest you contact your primary health care provider for an appointment to find out what's going on. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear about your auto accident. You obviously were lucky to survive. The chest pain you describe could simply be caused by the rib fracture. Ribs can take a very long time to heal. A month isn't very long, in terms of a rib fracture. If the chest pain has gotten worse since your accident, or if it's accompanied by a fever (over 101F), racing heartbeat, or shortness of breath, then I'd suggest you see your primary healthcare provider immediately or go to the emergency room. These symptoms can be signs of an infection or a blood clot. I hope this helps and wish you all the best in your recovery!  I'm sorry you're going through this. The symptoms you're describing could be caused by many conditions, but a likely culprit is some sort of spinal issue. Spinal degeneration is not uncommon as we age (though I don't know how old you are), and a ruptured disc in the neck can happen to anyone. Either of these conditions can cause aching and tiredness of the limbs. I'd suggest you go back to the doctor to ask about these symptoms because it sounds like further testing might be warranted. Blood work won't help diagnose a spinal injury or . I wish you all the best!  Whether or not you have insurance, if you are experiencing any of these symptoms, you must go to the emergency room immediately: A crushing, squeezing, or burning pain, pressure, or fullness in the center of the chest. The pain may radiate to the neck, one or both arms, the shoulders, or the jaw. The chest discomfort lasts more than a few minutes. It can diminish in intensity and return. Shortness of breath, dizziness Nausea, heartburn, or upset stomach Sweating or feeling "the chills" A weak, fast pulse An irregular heart beat Cold, clammy skin, or a gray color to the face Fainting or loss of consciousness Fatigue These are the symptoms of a heart attack . My purpose is not to alarm you but to inform you so that you can assess your symptoms and make an appropriate decision about what to do. Even without insurance, you can access health care in most cities. If you don't know how to access free or low-cost care in your area, call your local hospital or a crisis hotline. They will be able to provide you with resources for free and low-cost health care so you can get this problem checked out. Good luck to you!  Ouch! Oh, I'm so sorry you're going through this. The symptoms you're describing do sound like ulnar nerve pain, particularly the pain to the pinky finger. That's kind of a hallmark. The fact the pain is increasing, not decreasing, over the course of three weeks means it's time for a trip to the doctor. Despite the manner in which you fell, it's possible you broke a bone in your arm or suffered a soft tissue injury to an elbow tendon or ligament. The reason to get a physical examination (and maybe an X-ray) is to get treated earlier (when the prognosis is better), rather than later (when the prognosis is worse). While this isn't an emergency, you definitely deserve to be seen by your primary care provider to diagnose what is going on and make sure you don't have any hidden fractures, either in your arms or your legs. I wish you all the best with this!  I am a nursing student and we recently learned about this topic in class. Men stop developing by age 20 or 21, but hair does thicken more as you shave, so you might wanna try some other form of hair removal if it keeps getting thicker. And also, when you start taking hormones, your hair growth may slow down.  no not on any meds  I am not and MD, nurse or spokesperson, just a person who had been in pain the majority of the last 6 months after a fall in which nothing was broken (this time). I have been using OTC (over the counter) medicines daily. Nothing worked for more than two days in a row. I did some research on the medical marijuana and the CBD that is produced. I took to the web to search for anything that might help. I found Hemp Oil, which is legal and non-narcotic. I've been taken this for less than a week and I feel fantastic. I can actually walk without any pain. Today is my 5th day taken the capsule and I was able to hang up laundry outside today! And yesterday I was able to go shopping without the pain. I hope this helps,  The long-term effects of using Ecstasy (MDMA) far out-weigh any temporary relief an individual may gain. For example, individuals may experience an increased heart rate and blood pressure, chills and sweating, nausea, dizziness, anxiety, agitation, depress and sadness. One of the more dangerous side effects from MDMA use is dehydration. The drug can interfere with the bodys natural thermostat and prevent it from cooling internally and as a result the body can overheat. This dangerous side effect has led to cases of hyperthermia, caused kidney and heart damage, heart attack, seizures and may be fatal. Gallus Detox Centers is an inpatient medical detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  I do not know of a way to explain those symptoms in the context of your allergies. I would mention them to your primary care doctor so an investigation into other possible causes can be undertaken.  I had them during my pregnancies which is a very common time to have them I'm all so told rapid weight can can cause them mine have gone away for the most part just give them time and if they still bother you speak with your doctor about your options  Well you could have pulled a muscle Try ice and Ibuprofen  no - not affected by breathing  Could be Fibromyalgia. There are medications for this. I have it myself and know the pain very well. Please see your Dr soon!  When I have my pains, it is in the middle of my back. It doesn't start on the right or left. It starts where my spine is and moves around to the front to where it hurts to breathe and move. The only thing that helps me are two bags of ice, for my back and just under my ribcage, and either 2 alieve's or 2 midol's. I had to checked out and was hooked up to a machine and everything. They said it was my breathing, but I can't remember if that was exactly the case. I lost 41 pounds but I could still feel the start of it but, I would take medicine before it could go any further.  Sorry to hear that but here is some advice. First you must make sure that you get to a doctor right away. Chest pain like what you have are very dangerous because some chest pains can cause serious problems like heart attack and in severe cases it can lead to death. But to prevent it you have to make sure that you see your doctor and tell him or her that that you have chest pain and shoulder pains. Most likely your doctor should give you a medication for pain. But getting medication on your own is not a good idea. Some of these drugs don't really help pain.  YES! you could have a ruptured disc in your cervical spine.  daily walk 45 mins    Might be gall bladder  I just got cured of it less than 15 minutes ago. Mine took 2 months and only because I just had it pop back in during my sleep. I just woke up from feeling the same pull and hearing the same pop as I let out a high pitched shriek and instantly realized that I had lifted my arm up over my head (same position of how I hurt it, see below), and I felt immediate relief. I'm right handed and it was my right arm so I was constricted from regular normal use for closing a car door and even sleeping.   Get to a doctor about your stomach pain and get that checked out as soon as possible. The other symptoms, exept maybe the itchy groin area, can be attributed to Diabetes, but again this needs to be verified by further examination by a doctor. I hope you feel better, but again please see a doctor about the pain as soon as possible and get a full blood work-up which can provide insight on can be causing your other issues.  Strress, but I would take NO CHANCES get in and have a cat scan!  Get as much Physical Therapy as you can every day. It does not take much time. Stay away from pain pills . They are bad for you. Get a real good analgesic cream or gel instead. You will not believe the difference after two weeks.  Dislocations hurt. When the humerus is pulled out of the socket, cartilage, muscle, and other tissues are stretched and torn. Shoulder dislocations present with significant pain, and the patient will often refuse to move the arm in any direction. The muscles that surround the shoulder joint tend to go into spasm, making any movements very painful. Usually, with anterior dislocations, the arm is held slightly away from the body, and the patient tries to relieve the pain by supporting the weight of the injured arm with the other hand. Often, the shoulder appears squared off since the humeral head has been moved out its normal place in the glenoid fossa. Sometimes, it may be seen or felt as a bulge in front of the shoulder joint. As with other bony injuries, the pain may provoke systemic symptoms of nausea and vomiting, sweating, lightheadedness, and weakness. These occur because of the stimulation of the vagus nerve, which blocks the adrenaline response in the body. Occasionally, this may cause the patient to faint or pass out (vasovagal syncope).  I was told yes that it's normal for a couple days after gallbladder removal  There is no doubt that ecstasy has a strong effect on nerves, releasing excess levels of nerve chemicals (called neurotransmitters). In fact, studies in animals have shown prolonged nerve damage after using MDMA -- showing effects even 6 to 7 years later. It's safe to assume that it's not healthy for your nerves and could be worsening any nerve damage you have. In addition, ecstasy has plenty of dangerous side effects -- it can even be deadly. MDMA commonly causes confusion, depression, sleep problems, drug cravings, and severe anxiety. I would highly recommend not using ecstasy or any other drug. If you need help stopping, since the drug can be addictive for some people, talk to your doctor or a therapist about getting some help.  Hopefully you have already done so but if not, you need to call your doctor right now or call 911. You should not ignore chest pain. This needs attention right away.  My daughter plays fast pitch softball, and had the same symptoms. She caught a line drive up the middle and flung it side armed at 1st. She said she felt a pop. When it didn't go away after two days, we took her to a orthopedic. He said it was "strained" and would be fine after a two week rest. After the "rest" she was pitching and she caught another line drive on the pitcher's mound. She felt something pull and we noticed her arm slump and she said she couldn't move it. We took her to a different doctor. He did a MRI that showed a tear in her Labrum...the ligament that holds the arm in the socket. If you continue to have this issue, and they haven't checked that yet, you may want to ask the doc about it. If she tears hers again, she will have to have surgery. I wish you good luck and a speedy recovery.  Hi If you think that way, just take him to an ER. Good Luck  Hi Try looking up Fibrositis, just to see if the symptoms match, I think your find they do. Then look up www.earthclinis.com you find some natural ideas for a cure. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Then get to your doctor and get your testosterone checked out, other things for low testosterone are if you beard growth is low and hair is growing funny. Could be that. Good Luck and Thanks  Hi Well it seems its doing some good, I would say just give it a couple more days, and get back to the doctor, the thing is did he get it in the right place, did he make you go och, before he injected you, because he needed to get it right on the button for it to work at its best. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you just have a stiff neck, you need it massaged with some pain relief a couple of times a day, give a it a couple of days doing that, and it should just ease away. Good Luck  Hi Ice, by icing it 3 times a day by doing this it will attract extra blood in, this then adds healing, just use a cheap bag of peas, and do it for twenty minutes each time, then refreeze it, do until its better. Why your doing this, try some simple exercises. this will keep it mobile. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Its a warning, have you been strenuous through your life so far always working to the edge, then yes it will happen, like I said its a warning, time for you to start slowing down, if your still in the army, think about getting out, or find a good number in there. Know what I mean, try the motor pool, worked for Sgt Bilko. Good Luck  Hi Is this just from one position, or from all positions?  Hi If these were cortisone shots they will do this, I have had the same many years ago. You could try cayenne pepper, you can google cayenne pepper for ra, your see some sites offering info. I take this daily for ED and do have some ra in my hand from working with fresh fish, and freshwater fishing through the winter. OK I take cayenne pepper in tomato paste, and thin it down with olive oil, if you start this, you must mix this to a heat that suits you at first, slowly overtime you can build up the heat, I take 3 small spoonful's first thing every morning, and wash each one down with water. Now it would be best you check with your doctor, just to see that your not mixing with any drugs. But please do read up about it. Good Luck  Hi Lets say its not uncommon thing to happen.  Hi, Been tested yet? look head and shoulders will be on the outside of your body, its only things that go inside are the real problems. So go wash your hair. Good Luck  Hi So the shoulder pain is from the seat belt? yes, I would ice pack it 3/4 times a day this will do two things it will help lower the pain, and bring it extra blood, this will aid the healing. Do the same with your wrist, but if this really hurts you should to an ER for an x-ray. OK get your self some real cheap frozen peas these make great ice packs, afte4r each time just chuck them back in the freezer, and just keep using them. But at the end please don't eat them, just keep them as ice packs. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi What your getting is a side effect of cervical spondylitis, its something your just going to have to live with, the only thing you can do during sex is to try and keep away form doing those things. I know its easy to say, but hard to do. You did not say which diabetes, 1 or 2, if its 2 are you controlling by diet and exercise, if you can it would be best for you sex life, diabetes drugs are sex killers. Have a read of this link, could be helpful. The Link, http://www.researchgate.net/publication/7376788_Improvement_of_sexual_function_in_male_patients_treated_surgically_for_cervical_spondylotic_myelopathy Just copy into google to read it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, First google all your drugs for erectile dysfunction as a side effect. For the time being you could try a cock ring, I have a hardwear ice from myhardwear.com, find this gives me some great boners. If not try some PE exercises, get your blood flowing through your penis, try pegym.com could be a good place to start them. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi We all have a pulse in the right side of our necks, you may have a swollen gland that's giving you some discomfort. I would get off and see your doctor, just to be on the safe side. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like when you slipped, you have torn a muscle, these are just one of these things, that just happen, best to just give it time to heal, it will if but slowly. Rest is best. Good Luck  Hi Are you on any kind of meds?  Sounds like this is either a rash, posibly caused by detergents used on your sheets? Or it could be burst blood vessels since they will start out as red dots, then once the blood dries that would cause them to turn brown.  Yes your pain could be cardiac, it also could be ulcer related among other things. You really need to have this evaluated, especially to rule out a cardiac event. Good luck and God bless!  Hello snick1899, First, you should get evaluated for possible serious injury or pathology. You need also to rule out a spinal disc bulge or herniation at the level and region of your symptoms. This is possibly a musculoskeletal straining injury that has not been allowed to heal sufficiently. If you don't get this professionally treated, try an over-the-counter anti-inflammatory medication regimen for about 5 days, following instructions and warnings carefully on the product. Longer use of pain relievers warrants a physician evaluation. Just as important is limiting physical activity for a couple of weeks to give sensitive strained chest-wall muscles, ligaments, and cartilage a chance to fully heal; also the possible thoracic spinal disc injury. You probably keep aggravating the healing process, undermining your return to good health. I currently am dealing with pain and spasms similar to what you describe, and while it is very difficult to avoid activities, I am determined, as you might do, to properly rest, take OTC anti-inflammatory medication, and recover fully. Best of luck (and self-restraint).  go to a doctor to have it looked at, it may need to be removed.  It could be. Have it check to see if it is tendenitis. Only if it is, ask the Doctor for Keytoprophen. It comes in two different strenghts and damn I couldn't believe how well it worked and the long term relief. Its been over 8 years since andddddddddddd..........after three different treatments using hyrocartozine injections and physical therapy. Good product DAMN GOOD SECRET.........CAUSE.............PEOPLE WHO ARE CURED BRINGS IN NO MORE MONEY. :)  I have had the same symptoms. It could just be a pinched nerve or disc damage. To find out for sure you'll need to see an Orthopedist, Neurosurgeon, or Neurologist and get an MRI. I had surgery for mine and was pain free the next day.  Perhaps. Redness and swelling are signs of infection or inflammation, so it would be wise to see your medical provider to determine the reason. Inflammation can be caused by the suture material, but your biggest concern would be a wound infection. Infected wounds can quickly get out of hand, so do not delay in getting this properly examined.  As you know, you cannot be diagnosed blindly over the Internet. You need to see a good orthopedist (find one who has an expertise in shoulders), and yes, you probably will need an MRI.  Call your doctor. Acne is a side effect of testosterone therapy, so you either need a dosage adjustment or acne treatment. Please keep in mind that I cannot "see" your skin eruption, so this is just an assumption...a guess.  St John's Wort is an herb and will not show up or be tested on a urine drug screen. Obviously, the medical marijuana will be detected.  Welcome to the club. I have had two rotator cuff surgeries and BOTH have failed. I am very reluctant to have the third surgery as you might imagine. Your first step is to have another MRI to see if your surgery worked. Not knowing the details of your surgery, the reason for your injury, age, and any other shoulder damage you might have, I cannot really comment further. You pain may be due to inflammation or ? I really couldn't blindly guess. Consider having a second orthopedic opinion from a shoulder specialist.  If it is not one-sided, as you mentioned, it is "something else" other than shingles, but unfortunately, without the ability to see it first-hand during an examination, I would not be able to narrow down the many possibilities for you based solely on your description. You would need to see a medical provider, so you can have these skin lesions properly diagnosed.  I am not a big fan of self-diagnosis and self-treatment when it comes to a possible rotator cuff tear. I have had two of them; including two surgeries followed by LOTS of physical therapy. While you will be able to find exercises on the Internet, my advice to you is to see an orthopedist -- one that specializes in shoulders -- have an MRI, and see what the heck is going on BEFORE you start any type of self-prescribed physical therapy that could make things worse.  Right shoulder? Yes, that is possible. Low back? No. Cervical nerves do not go to the low back area.  Unfortunately, there is really no way to predict a "100%" success after a surgery. I do not have the facts related to your tear or your medical history, but rotator cuff surgeries can be tricky. Some people have wonderful outcomes; others do not. Personally, I have had two surgeries about six months apart on my left shoulder and it failed. Not wanting to have a third surgery, I am currently just living with it. Like you, my right shoulder is now causing me some pain. I am older than you. Have a heart to hear talk with your surgeon. While many will be very optimistic about your outcome, even the best surgeons will never predict a 100% positive outcome. As a patient, you need to carefully weigh the pros and cons with your surgeon. Surgeons love to do surgery and they all claim they are the best, but don't hesitate to get a second opinion. Asks lots of questions, especially about the technique they will be using. Older surgeons often do old surgeries and may not offer you the latest technology. Younger surgeons may know the latest techniques for surgical repairs, but may not have the experience. In the end, YOU are the one that must give the go ahead.  An Orthopedist would be the best place to start.....  If the injection was given improperly, it is very possible to involve nerves in this area. Since it has been a month, you should be examined by your medical provider or the place where you received the injection.  You are taking the proper medications and appear to be under the care of dermatologist. At age 34, acne is uncommon, but as you know, can affect adults. I don't know if you are male or female, and of course, I have no way of seeing your acne or black scars over the Internet. As much as I would like to offer you some profound insight, it is very difficult to do so in this forum. My only suggest is for you to keep working with a good dermatologist until this problem is controlled/solved. I know it is frustrating, but medical management is really your only option at this point.  No. This cannot be re-glued (or sutured) after five days, unless the wound is re-cut. You are most likely going to be stuck with a scar as this wound must heal naturally now. This is why I hate and never use Dermabond, especially in an area where there is tension. Dermabond is for lazy medical providers and those who are not skilled in suturing.It has a place but in very, very few situations. Suturing is almost always a better choice. I am very sorry that happened to you and that you were given the improper instructions (Dermabond should not get wet in a shower). Scars can be improved by plastic surgery, so if you are cosmetically scarred in about a year, this may be what you have to do. The body has a remarkable ability to repair damage, however, so things may look fine a year from now.  No, it would not. If you want to throw a wiffle ball, a tennis ball, or even a cotton ball for the fun of it, just do it. It will not damage your shoulder any more than any other repetitive throwing. Repeated throwing of anything, however, could damage your shoulder over time if you are not careful and well-conditioned. You need to strengthen those shoulder muscles, lift some light weights, do some stretching/range of motion activities, and get the proper rest between throwing. I am not sure what kind of ball you are throwing (I suspect a baseball), but stay on top of your game.  Hundreds of different things can cause allergic reaction (including the doxycycline), but neither has "sulfa". The prednisone can help fight an allergic reaction; an antihistamine may also help.  I think you mean CARPAL tunnel syndrome. No, this is just in the wrist. If you are having shoulder issues, this would be due to something else.  First, it needs to be conclusively PROVEN that he actually has shingles.The wrist is not a place one would usually see it since herpes zoster (the medical name for shingles) follows a nerve pathway. There are lab tests that can be done; ordered by his doctor, including a direct herpes culture to any fresh sores that he may get. I see shingles quite several times a year in my pediatric practice. I can't say it is common, but shingles does occur in children. As this point, I would question the diagnosis, since shingles also tends to break out in the exact, same area each time....not on the shoulder once, and then the wrist.  Maybe your doctor should refer you to a back specialist (orthopedist) for a higher-level evaluation. Musculoskeletal issues in the neck can be very complex, so you will need a careful medical history, thorough examination of your neck/shoulders, and most likely, some imaging studies. Don't ever worry about asking your doctor "too many questions". They are not working for free...they get well-paid to address your concerns.  Yes, sperm can definitely remain viable in the vagina, nurtured by the cervical mucous, for two days or even longer. If you are trying to become pregnant, unprotected sex is the best way to achieve this goal. I have no idea if you are pregnant so if you are having signs and symptoms suggesting that you are, please take a home pregnancy test and/or see your medical provider.  She will need to specifically ask her doctor, but I suspect he will not allow her to take buffered aspirin either. I agree that she may need more than just Tylenol to control the pain, so this is another item that needs to be addressed. Many medical providers under-treat pain. Your mother is 88 and deserves to have pain relief and be comfortable without being overly sedated. Her doctor should be able to help with a different medication.  No, but he could wear a tight t-shirt if this is concerning. A bra is really out of the question.  Whiplash involves the neck, not the lower back. You will need to see your medical provider again so that the back can be properly evaluated.  Unfortunatelly, it would not be possible for me (or any medical provider) to blindly identify this "blister" based solely on your description. You would need to be examined first-hand by a medical professional.  You cannot accurately diagnose a rotator cuff tear by symptoms alone, and certainly not as a self-diagnosis. Even your doctor may have difficulty unless an MRI is ordered. Take it from someone who had a rotator cuff tear....You need to see a good orthopedist and probably, need to have imaging studies (like an MRI).  I have to see your MRI to really make that call. Personally, I have to TWO rotator cuff repairs (both failed), and may be facing a third surgery in the future. Each person's injury is really unique, so it would really be impossible to blindly know if you need surgery or not unless I was intimately involved in your case. I don't even know your age or how this incident occurred. I can tell you that orthopedists are surgeons and surgeons do like to perform surgery. Your cortisone injection was most likely for inflammation and pain, so I hope that helps, but it will not fix a complete tear.  Yes, you most definitely need to see your doctor so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. It would be impossible to determine the nature and significance of this lump based solely on a brief description.  A fluid diet for eczema? Never heard of it as part of any treatment. Eczema is genetically-dry skin, so if you are having an exacerbation or worsening of your symptoms, you may need a change in treatment. The mainstay of eczema management is moisturization , so find a good moisturizing cream that is free of perfumes. Topical steroid creams are very helpful, but the best ones require a prescription. Call your medical provider. Control itching with antihistamines, assuming you can take this type of medication. Please avoid scratching and digging at these areas. Open, eczematous skin can become secondarily infected , so if you think your eczema is infected, you will need to consult your medical provider for treatment; usually antibiotics Eczema is usually with you for life, so finding the right combination of medications and supportive treatments is important. I don't think a fluid diet for two weeks is going to help in any way.  It would be for me, and I am facing a third, rotator cuff repair. I would suggest that you get an official "second opinion" from a shoulder expert before having this procedure....not all orthopedic surgeons practice the same way or recommend the same type of repair.  A medical provider cannot offer a patient-specific prognosis without knowing the patient and the particular case. Not all 98 year olds are the same, and not all fractures are identical. Only her doctor could offer you that prognosis.  I've had several series of injections in my back, and it helps all pain in the back as well as the leg. As long as the doctor know where to inject the steroid.  If the doctor said to go to the ER and you did. Let the doctor know this and therefore, you've done what he told you to do. He should order the MRI. My step mother had extreme pain in her shoulder, and because of insurance purposes, it took a minute or two, before the doctor ordered the MRI. Finally, she's doing great, after he gave her a shot, in her shoulder. Sometimes you have to keep at him!  Sometimes it can; in fact, especially in women, pain in the shoulder area rather than the chest isn't uncommon during a heart attack. Check with your cardiologist. If you have a known heart disease and experience sudden pain in the chest, shoulder, left arm, and other sudden symptoms such as difficulty breathing or fainting/collapse, call 911 and go to an emergency department immediately.  Your shoulder muscles could just be cramping up but you could also get it checked out.  It sounds to me like it is muscular skeletal. But there are a number of conditions that could cause those type pains. One could be related to a spinal condition, but it could also be arthritic changes or Fibromyalgia. You probably should see someone who will evaluate you for these issues. Probably a Dr. Who specializes in rheumatism or orthopedic conditions. Tell your physician about it and he can send you to the right specialist.  no  Congratulations on your new hair growth! Your objective at this time is to maintain and nurture your current hair and scalp. Just like our body requires nutrition, so does your hair. Essential nutrients such as biotin, magnesium, folate, and zinc are required to maintain optimum follicle growth. It's important to maintain the natural oils in your scalp and avoid excessive drying of your scalp. Do not wash your hair more than once or twice per week. When you wash your hair use a leave-in conditioner and apply vitamin E oil, almond oil, or avocado oil to the hair shaft. This will help keep the hair shaft soft, smooth, and lessen the amount of brittle dry ends on your hair. Before you go to bed, wrap your hair with a silk scarf. This will help hold in moisture. Do not dye and perm your hair simultaneously. This combination can be very destructive to your hair shaft. If you follow these tips, you will notice that there will be less split ends and breakage. Therefore, you will only need to trim your hair as needed. In general, frequent trimming of your hair does not make your hair grow faster.  Hi I have this too and my doctor said it was due to a thinning disk in your neck vertebre and it was pinching a nerve. She said nothing can be done cause it was from me having RA and just old age. Im 54. I hope you get help with this, I know its painful and I cant even sleep. Sometimes the pain meds dont work. Tamara  I have had the same problem. The sleep number bed with the memory foam overlay is best. Although the pillow you use may be more important. You need a good one, that cradles your head, and is slightly raised at the neck area. Sleep number can help with that too.  I had the same problem. It is very important for your sister to see and Orthopedic Surgeon. Bone spurs in the shoulder cut into the rotator cuff; once the cuff is torn, the only thing to do to correct it before it is totally useless is to have surgery. It can be same day surgery, but does require several weeks of PT. I now have full range of motion in my arm, and my strength is great. I will say it was very painful, but now it is worth it.  Have you been diagnosed with a pinched nerve? Are you having any pain? Here is some information on that state that the most recommended treatment is simply rest. But, in some cases physical therapy can help as well. Talk to your doctor about which type of treatment might work best for you. The WebMD Answers Staff  It's possible it popped back in the wrong way, but that is if you actually dislocated your shoulder. Other than that its probably just a strain. The pop might've been from stretching your muscle too far and it "cracked". Kind of like the same thing that happens when you crack your neck or hands. The crack is caused by the muscle fiber stretching to far, and it rips with with a snap. Its why cracking causes muscle weakness (;you have less muscle), but it does give give you more flexibility. If you did actually dislocated your shoulder I would recommend seeing a doctor.  A typical chiropractic clinic or center offers services that care for patients experiencing pain or discomfort in musculoskeletal regions, namely, the back, neck, head, arms and legs. While chiropractors focus more on treating said conditions, they also diagnose the cause of the pain and recommend a short-, medium-, or long-term program to address the same, depending on the nature and gravity of the patient's condition. Some chiropractors also offer on-site or home services for patients who can no longer travel to their clinic. Still, other chiropractors set up a free consultation hotline where they respond to chiropractic-related queries from individuals.  possibly scabies. The itching is intense at night, often not noticed during day.  I would buy a real aloe vera plant. Cut off a leaf, slicing open one side and pealing it open to expose the center, scrape the jelly off, apply to wound, and only if you have to cover it like you would any other wound . Since the aloe dries and is absorbed quickly, you should apply frequently, using as much of one leaf as possible before using another leaf. It helps with the stinging/burning sensation and helps the wound heal quickly.  I'm not sure but I dont think using a mouse would do that but if its in your right arm I'd definitly go get checked out!!!  The best bet I would think, is to go to a dermatologist. I also found this slideshow of common skin conditions that might give you a better idea of what yours might be.  sounds like a pinched nerve. My daughter had that and it was from too much texting/computer.  this could be a tension headache  I sometimes would get a brown/bloody discharge before starting my period. Is it close to your start date? It could also be an infection, if you are expierencing burning and itching I would see a doctor.   Is he REALLY covered by them, or just a few at each site you mentioned? If he's REALLY covered it kind of sounds similar to bed bugs. check out the photos online. Do they seem to get better during the day, only to be worse the next morning?  been there, done that!!! whoever gave you the shot hit a nerve. the burning is when the nerve "miss-fires".it's pretty much gonna hurt for a long,long, time.this is just what happened to me when i couldn't use my right arm for three months. i hope everything turns out o.k.  if you are female, this could also be symptoms of heart problems such as coronary artery disease. If you ARE STILL having these issues but only on an irregular basis, I would definitely consult with a cardiologist. I experienced the very same symptoms and only through my persistence and a caring doctor, did he find that I had one artery that was 70% blocked. While performing the angiogram, the doctors also discovered I had an artery behind my heart with a 99% blockage and of course, they fixed that first. I had no idea something as simple as a painful neck, such as the typical stress related pain, could possibly be heart related in any way. It then started to cause pain in my elbow and I thought I had twisted it doing something. I received about 3 injections in it before the I started to experience other aches and pains normally attributed to aging issues but at 60 years old, thought I was just showing more signs of the aging process. I was fortunate enough to find a doctor that knew something had to be happening so I went through many tests that would always come back as normal although the symptoms remained. The worst part was that I would never have consulted a heart specialist for any of my symptoms had another doctor ask me if I would mind seeing one of his colleagues. A heart doctor for neck and elbow pain? I thought it couldn't do any harm and when all tests came back as normal, I thought I was wasting my time until they suggested an angiogram...and I have to admit, I was just as shocked as they were when they discovered the "hidden blockage" behind my heart that did NOT show on any of the tests they performed on me. If you are female, see a cardiologist and don't wait...  get pain from neck shoulder down the middle of the right arm.feels like a burning sensation going though the veins.  In all likelihood, it could be a group of muscles that is bunched up or a calcium deposit that will work itself out. HOWEVER, it could be something as severe as a blood clot or cancer cell cyst type of thing. I would definitely not let it sit, considering the rate of growth. Schedule an appointment with your doctor if it is not gone in twenty four hours or so. If it grows much bigger than that, DEFINITELY seek medical attention.  His liver is in distress. I have it too. see a doctor now!  My dr had told me it is normal to feel like that and symptoms of strep is swollen neck and lymph nodes. I know i felt like i got hit by a truck for two days  It is normal, I get them too, they are probably white heads or clogged pores. It can also be a skin condition KP ( Keratosis pilaris).  there is such thing as vitamin B12 injections which are injected into your joints talk to your doctor about that it could help here is a link of things to expect and questions and answer ..........http://hrmsupport.com/dr-recommended-drugs/vitamin-b12-injections.html  I had a small breakout on the end of my nose, but the shingles were actually internal...up my nose, and in my ears and throat.  get second opinion from nerophysician!  I had the same problem suddenly occur on my left side in the same spot as you describe above. I'm 53. I went to a doctor who sent me to a physical therapist. And with the physical therapist's directions, over a four week period, the pain went away completely. Even after the first visit, I could significantly tell a difference. It was a seized-up muscle that required specific, isolated, careful stretching. He also did deep tissue massage with some machine called Hivamat.  i think you should take rods advice hon. i too had rotator cuff repair,bicep and then cuff again. when the dr. did the cuff repair the first time he said that the bicep was only torn about 8 % so he thought it would mend itself. 5 months later took an mri and the bicep was torn by 65% so i went in for bicep surgery. 5 months later, another mri because i was still in pain. needed rotator cuff repair again and trigger finger release surgery. this last time my shoulder felt great a week after surgery but my finger was in pain and just didn't feel right.unfortunately i had a back pain and jerked my shoulder just a little bit which started pain in my arm/shoulder once again.went back to the dr.he gave me antiinflammatory cream to put on my finger and shoulder,made an appt.for 6 wks.and sent me on my way. i had this last appt.,got tired of waiting 1:15 min. later so i tried to get a new dr. --- they all keep saying they can't help me. try going to the university hospital !!! so this is where i am at. i guess what i am trying to say is that you definitely need a dr. to look at it and if what your dr. prescribes isn't working or if he decides you need surgery - get a second opinion.............  I have had surgery on my rotator cuff because of natural wear. I had a problem that if I raised and then lowered my arm. the shoulder hurt when I lowered my arm. it turned out to be shoulder rotator CARTILAGE problem. The pain disappeared after a few moments after I lowered my arm.  yes i'm going thru rotator cuff surgery right now and it does go cold soemtime i believe its from the lack of or not enoughcontact from nerves properly>?  Don't know  i do not have a herniated disc  I have had tendonitis and bursitis in my shoulders for several years now, causing pain in my shoulders, neck, and upper back. I get severe headaches, lightheadedness, and dizziness that, according to my doctor and chiropractor, are directly related to the pain I have in my shoulders. From my understanding, it is pinched nerves that actually cause me to get lightheaded and dizzy. It is important to note that I also have neck pain stemming from a side to side whiplash injury from an auto accident 12 years ago. I believe it's one of those questions, which came first, the chicken or the egg. So, I'm curious if you also have neck pain. IF you have neck pain, from an accident or injury, I would definitely recommend getting seen for that, as well. I would also recommend seeing either a neurologist or an orthopedic surgeon (or both) to see if there are any remedies for the cause of your pain. I just had an arthrogram done (a specialized MRI) on my shoulder, and have finally discovered that I have several large bone spurs on my shoulder, rotator cuff, and collar bone that surgery can fix. I am NOT a person who jumps into surgery, but after years of suffering, I (and my doctors) feel that it is the last option available to finally get some relief. I wish you good luck in finding the cause (and hopefully a remedy) for your pain and lightheadedness. I am a FIRM believer that pain is our body telling us that something is wrong; and we should NEVER ignore it.  This sounds like either pinched nerve in your neck or maybe even fibromyalgia. You need to get this checked out.  I would ask for medical tests/ X-rays. Maybe you have a herniated disk or pinched nerve somewhere close to your spine, but there is a possibility it is more severe. I don't know what a doctor would do, but I would be persistent. I do not think it is easy to lose that much muscle mass without decreasing exercise quite a bit. I would not expect chemical imbalance that rapidly without damage to cranial glands or quitting steroid use or something.  I have the same problem I think.It is not dried blood, I know that. It is not like anything I can find online or in any text book I have. I hope we both find our answers. I have an appointment on nov 6th. Hopefully I will know something then.  When I dislocated my shoulder I heard and felt a pop but it didn't immediately hurt. It was after it had "cooled off" when I went to bed that night that it hurt. I woke up the next morning with pain in my shoulder and it hurt worse if I tried to extend or rotate it.  I have also been wondering if it might have something to do with the detox diet pills I have been taking for the past 2 months. They dehydrate the crap out of me if I don't drink at least 8-14 big glasses of water a day, which in turn causes painful headaches. Thought maybe this could be a symptom of the dehydration as well. I can consult with one of the physicians that I work with, I just don't want to waste their time if this is just a symptom of being stressed. anyone have any ideas? thoughts, opinions??  Seems like Anxiety and nerves can do alot more than most people would think. My nerves are really bad too at times and causes me upset stomach, bathroom trips. Hope everything works out for you!  I would tell him to go see an orthopedic doctor. he probably has a torn rotator cuff or a dislocated shoulder.  I have had a lot of back pain since I had gotten an epidural and the pain is usually in the general area where I received the shot...that's just my own experience.  After a message of any kind you need to drink plenty of water. Messaging releases toxins in your body.  If you are asking if you should have it checked out, then yes you should. Better safe than sorry. *I AM NOT A DOCTOR, BUT I HAVE COMMON SENSE AND LIKE TO STUDY MEDICINE*  Although I am not a doctor, I am going to say no. Impingement syndrome is typically caused by repetitive over the head activities. Unless you are taking medication (which should NEVER, EVER be mixed with alcohol) alcohol should have no affect on your impingement syndrome. If you are not on medication and are insinuating that you would be drinking to relieve the pain, I would recommend over the counter pain killers instead that will work a lot better than alcohol and not make you feel horrible in the morning.  I answered your question in the other question you posted with the same title :)  the answer will always be the same: Ice for the first 3 days then ice and heat (switching) for about a week. if the pain doesn't go down, see a doctor. It might feel nice to keep your arm in one position but make sure that you keep up mobility so that you don't lose any. I AM NOT A DOCTOR, NOR DO I PLAY ONE ON TV BUT I'M GETTING PRETTY GOOD AT STUDYING MEDICINE  Psoriasis is caused by blockage of skin with wind, damp, heat and pathogen. The symptoms are usually red papules that occur on the skin of the scalp, trunk and extensor aspect of limbs. The papules gradually expand and merge into patches or plaques with thick silver scales on the surface. The patches or plaques are of irregular shape, some take the shapes of map or island, yet some are smaller but more, with the appearance of starry sky and with the scales shedding off layer after layer. A layer of red film can be seen by scraping off the scales gently, and small hemorrhage dots can be seen by scraping off the red films..www.vitiligotcm.com curevitiligo@aliyun.com  I had the same symtoms. Mine started behind my right ear, then in my neck and shortly later in my shoulder and down my arm. But after a year, pain started on my left shoulder and arm. My hands and fingers started going numb and tingling. My first MRI showed a little disc bulge. Couple of years later the MRI showed stenosis. I had surgery. Helped, but a year and half later I got internal scar tissue and I have stenosis from that, which is displacing the spinal cord. So now I'm worst than I was, So good luck! Also, an MRI always doesn't show the problem until it becomes bad. I think there are other tests that can help. Or maybe you need another pathogist to read Your MRI. AND see a Orthopaedic specialist and get on a payment plan.  yes! it can get pretty much anywhere and cause bad pains. i often get it in my ribs. did you recently have a sugary?  Its more than likely muscular.. Go get a massage. Find a therapist that is NMT certified!! Hope that helps!  The main answer that I can think of, is it's your nerves. It can be just stress related. Have you been under more stress the past two or more months? You could be suffering from anxiety and/or depression, and not even realize it. No, that does not mean that you are psychotic, or look and behave just like the people in those antidepressant commercials either. If you look those conditions up, you may find many symptoms that match not just your pain but, possibly other symptoms you may be experiencing, too. There is also the possibility, that it could be nerve pain. I suggest that you take some time to think about not just the pain you are feeling, but also, what other problems are you experiencing? You should talk to your doctor about the pain, and anything else that is bothering you, and/or maybe causing you to behave unusual to others around you. You may also be having problems with circulation. You should just go see your doctor, an if you're the type to forget what you thought about wanting to ask then, think about what you want to ask and discuss, the day you set the appointment, write it down, or even write down everything you want to say and bring it with you. Well, I hope you do find out what is causing you that discomfort, and get some relief. If you want to, you can let me know what you found out.  The main symptom of pleurisy is pain in the chest. This pain often occurs when you take a deep breath in or out, or cough. Some people feel the pain in the shoulder.Deep breathing, coughing, and chest movement makes the pain worse.Pleurisy can cause fluid to collect inside the chest cavity. This can make breathing difficult and may cause the following symptoms: Bluish skin color (cyanosis) Coughing Shortness of breath Rapid breathing (tachypnea) Pleurisy may develop when you have lung inflammation due to infections such as pneumonia or tuberculosis. This inflammation also causes the sharp chest pain of pleurisy.It may also occur with: Asbestos-related disease Certain cancers Chest trauma Pulmonary embolus Rheumatoid arthritis Lupus COPIED FROM:http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/PMH0002347/  The main symptom of pleurisy is pain in the chest. This pain often occurs when you take a deep breath in or out, or cough. Some people feel the pain in the shoulder.Deep breathing, coughing, and chest movement makes the pain worse.Pleurisy can cause fluid to collect inside the chest cavity. This can make breathing difficult and may cause the following symptoms: Bluish skin color (cyanosis) Coughing Shortness of breath Rapid breathing (tachypnea) Pleurisy may develop when you have lung inflammation due to infections such as pneumonia or tuberculosis. This inflammation also causes the sharp chest pain of pleurisy.It may also occur with: Asbestos-related disease Certain cancers Chest trauma Pulmonary embolus Rheumatoid arthritis Lupus COPIED FROM:http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/PMH0002347  i would go to the doctor , it very possible that the shoulder pain can go down the arm , and since you cant move it all the more reason to go... they can give you something for the pain and possibly phyiscal therepy to help you feel better untill then no more cat litter lifting and it can take a while for shoulder pain to go away so take it easy as much as you can ...hope this helpes and feel better :)  sound like it possible your having pinched nerves which when the area is stressed is iving you the numbness , the puffiness its possible because the area has some problem when you use it which its kinda hard not to causes the area to become swollen i think it something to get checked out by your doctor , neck pain really blows , i have a reversed cervial spine so i know how it can stop your whole life i would ask for a mri cause it doesnt sound like a bone problem , hope this helps  i have had trouble with my shoulder for many years after 8 years which was way to long i had lost all movement it was like having a dead arm , i also had popping...my advice is go to the doctor have them do an xray seeing what you did its likely then will recommend some excersies for you to do , dont try to move your arm move then it will go without pain, cause if you let this go and done take care of it , it can get really bad i had to have reconstruction surgery and my arm will never be the same theres alot things i cant do now that i may have been able to if i would have taken care of it from the start.  you dislocated your should is what it sounds like , i myself have had that happen many times , it is also possible that all the pain your still have cause its normal to have pain for a while but when the pain begina to move through out your back and arm its possible it didnt go back in correctly , i would go to see the doctor dont let it go untreated i left my shoulder untreated for 8 years long story short in the end i had a dead arm couldnt use it and had to have reconstruction surgery believe me it wasent fun and ill never have the same movement again. im sure the doctor will gove you something for the pain do an xray possible mri if he feels its bad enough and have you do some pt phyical therapy ..hope this helps also try not to move your arm to much untill you know what going on , and dont try to move it in a area that causes more pain  what the first person is right but i want to add, if this pain contiunes you shoud talk to your doctor about phyical therapy because if left untreated could become a big problem i didnt have that shoulder problem i had an everything kinda shoulder problem cant remember what it was called but i can tell you i had to have a total reconstruction surgery and ill never use my arm the same way again so just try to get it looked at before it becaomes a real problem. hope this also helps  Some pain and swelling post-op is normal. However, being 2 months out, I would recommend you go see your ortho surgeon who performed the surgery to rule out any complications.  By ratchets, do you mean movement or sound of the joint? Is the pain in the shoulder joint or around the shoulder blade? When you sleep what position is your shoulder (i.e. toward you chest or back or with you arm under you and straight)?  I had a fall a month ago and hurt my neck and shoulders (it was a fall down a rocky hill.) I have the shooting pain down both arms and into the fingers. I have already waited longer to return to dr. than I should have.  My rotator cuff tear was undiagnosed for 10+ years. ( I've also had three Left knee surgeries ) My point is: your body is not going to get better by itself. And, get all of your questions answered and write them down in case you wish to get a second opinion.  Although I am not a doctor, I will say this. My husband had a similar problem and was told to limit use to allow muscles to mend, but you will need to do some physical therapy to regain control and strength after a few weeks of healing. It really depends on how bad you have injured the muscles as to if they will heal or not. Listen to your orthopedic physician as they usually are correct.  may need to see Chiropractor, mine does at times and one day I'll deep breath and pops on it's on  go back to the hospital  Most definitely! I would see my dr. immediately,or if not,then call 911 or go to your nearest er b/c these could either be potential symptoms of a heart attack or a stroke.  shoulder pain problems  shoulder pain problems  I would need more information to tell you what is going on. I would say if you are older, you might be getting arthritis. If it continues to bother you, talk to your physician.  Yes. If you think so, go to the doctor..  I have had bad rotator cuffs and frozen shoulders in both shoulders. The docs had me do therapy/shoulder exercises for 6 months before I had surgery for the first one, and all I did was therapy for the other, with no MRI on the second (although I also could only do therapy because of the cost of follow-up on the second after my insurance changed). Maybe I had bad doctors and therapists, but nobody ever told me that exercises would make it worse and everyone really pushed for 30 min. to hour of exercise every day to every other day. The exercises/therapy before and after my surgery, performed both by myself and by professional therapists, were very painful. And except for a very short time immediately after my surgery, the doctor and therapists never said to limit the exercises because of the pain or that the painful exercises were possibly causing harm. Although I would recommend some care obviously. The exercises you find at reputable sites on the internet are typically the same that I was given to perform. Large wide bands (rubber) are used for most of the exercises for strengthening. I haven't looked for them in the store but they may be available - start with the least resistance you can get first then work up to stronger bands. The exercises should be done slowly in both directions - don't use a band that's so strong you can't control the recoil, and you should be able to do ten to fifteen repetitions. Other exercises can be done against a wall. I am not a doctor or medical professional, so I don't have to recommend seeing a doctor. Obviously it would be best to do so, but I understand that decent health care isn't affordable - even with insurance.  it could be something called "thoracic outlet syndrome", basically, the nerves that run down your arm into your hands are compressed by either ligaments or tight muscles.. there are different conditions associated with this, such as carpal tunnel, etc. i am a current massage therapy student, we are studying these kinds of conditions..  no  yes my mother has a torn rotatory cuff and a break in her shoulder,   That happened to me when I was hit by a truck while riding my bicycle back to work, in the rain. I couldn't feel my legs, or the pain, until the paramedics lifted me up off the pavement. I think, the nerves in my left leg only sensed, from the lifting, that my leg was broke. It took at least a year for the pain to go away enough for me to do normal activities. Although, 17 and a half years later I still limp, and am unable to run.  A virus may in fact be attacking joints!Ask doctor to tri anti-virus medicine you will notice emprovment in two weeks!  You have to understand, at two weeks the size of the foetus would NOT show on the outside of your body. To give you an idea the womb gets to the height of your belly button at FIVE months. Any lumps are not from any type of pregnancy.  i have the same problem at times... only with pain half way down my arm. i am told by ppl with simular problems that this could be a rotator cuff problem. hope that helps!  one way would be find a deep cleaning system then see if you can use a aloe mask three day a week  yes it is normal it could take a week to a week in a half to fill normal agin it just the meds running there course but it will be fine  I had back pain after getting an epidural for a couple months after a couple of my kids, I also had some migrains.    deffinately a heating pad! It helps me.  Have you had your thyroid checked? I was having pain and stiffness right posterior neck and subscapular muscle spasms. After taking 25mcgm of synthroid the pain, stiffness and spasms went away.  The same thing happened to me, and when I had an MRI done, they determined that I had a herniated disc.  numbness in small finfer and two next to it pain in back of shoulder  sounds very similar to what i am going through. at first my physician  