don't drink with meals sit up after eating for an hour don't drink before you lay down eat small portions avoid foods that produce more acid such as milk  It sounds like either an infection of sebacceous glands, or you've had an at-home or salon chemical service and haven't washed it properly. I could also be from medication, flat iron is too high or you used hemp haircolor and then had another brand of hair color or texturizing service over it.  Dyeing ones hair.  no, it is not safe to sleep on it  Nothing has really changed in my diet. No meds or vitamins etc. and they did a UTI test. Everything they tested for was negative. Everything was fine. What else could possibly cause this drastic change in smell?!?!   Your smelling of diesel sounds like a phantom odor that really does not exist in the environment. There is a disorder called Phantosmia. It presents itself in the form of an olfactory (smell sense) type of hallucination. It can be caused by nerve damage to the brain's olfactory system, certain toxins and medications, emotional stress, trauma, and viruses. It is also a condition sometimes seen in epilepsy. Resolution is directed at treating the root cause.  I am sorry, but there isn't any way around my answering this question without injecting some medical terms into the discussion. The sense of smell is referred to in medical terminology as the Olfactory system. What you are describing in your question is called Olfactory Hallucinations. In the medical community the technical name for Olfactory Hallucinations is called "Phantosmia" (probably derived from phantom). Phantosmia can present itself in a very real manner. Suffers smell an odor like smoke (or some other odor) and may even experience a gaging sensation. In actually there is really no smoke or environmental cause supporting that reaction. Phantosmia can be caused by some serious medical conditions that require discussion and investigation with a doctor. These may include brain damage caused by tumors or trauma, epilepsy, and infectious damage to the olfactory. system.  I am sorry, but there isn't any way around my answering this question without injecting some medical terms into the discussion. The sense of smell is referred to in medical terminology as the Olfactory system. What you are describing in your question is called Olfactory Hallucinations. In the medical community the technical name for Olfactory Hallucinations is called "Phantosmia" (probably derived from phantom). Phantosmia can present itself in a very real manner. Suffers smell an odor like smoke (or some other odor) and may even experience a gaging sensation. In actually there is really no smoke or environmental cause supporting that reaction. Phantosmia can be caused by some serious medical conditions that require discussion and investigation with a doctor. These may include brain damage caused by tumors or trauma, epilepsy, and infectious damage to the olfactory. system.  It may be a sign of diabetes I would go and have him checked by the doctor.  In my opinion, it may be because cocaine screws up the membranes in your nostrils. Sorta like if you burn your tongue on soup or whatever, your sense of taste is temporarily just not there.  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  With the gall bladder its eating that the problem, I would get him checked for stomach and intestinal viruses/infection. Just me though better safe than sorry  It could be a sinus infection . But if there is no other sign's...?  You have an infection seek physician ASAP  ... If your urine is dark amber in color and has a strong odor too, it may indicate that it's extremely concentrated. This can happen after heavy exercise and sweating and means that you need to drink more water to avoid dehydration. If the extra water intake doesn't lighten the color and odor of your urine, you may have other conditions that require medical attention, such as a urinary tract infection or even early diabetes. Sometimes foods cause urine to have an odor (asparagus, for example) but the odor should go away after a few hours or overnight. If a strong odor persists, it's time to contact your health care provider and have a urine test to determine the cause.  It's important to start with skin that is smooth and exfoliated. So the first thing you should do is take a shower and exfoliate really well, especially over thicker skin area, such as the elbows, knees, and ankles. Once you have done that, you can even moisturize to have your skin well hydrated. A lot of the newer self-tanners come with moisturizers in them already. When you apply the self-tanner, you can apply it in smooth strokes and skip the elbows, knees, and ankles until the very end, and then just brush it on there. You can even take a towel and wipe it off there, because areas that are thicker will absorb more of the product. The newer products also come with ingredients that make them less likely to streak, and with fragrance that make them less likely to have that awful smell that the older products did. I also recommend using one that's a shade lighter, because they come in several different tones. Use one that's a shade lighter than the one you think you might start with. So if you think you would want a medium, start with a light, and put it on in layers over a few hours, over the course of the day, in order to get to the color that you want, and then you can just reapply it once a day to maintain that color.  It's possible you have a fungal infection commonly called " ." This can occur when you don't completely dry the groin area after exercising and showering. The skin of the groin area is home to many beneficial bacteria. However, when this area remains damp, it can allow other bacteria to flourish. This can result in a fungal infection. Assuming you don't have any lesions (sores, pimples - that sort of thing), it's probably safe for you to try an over-the-counter spray, powder, or cream for jock itch. You'll find these products near the medications for athlete's foot. To prevent jock itch, be sure to towel dry as much as possible, then apply a powder (or cornstarch) to help keep the area dry. If you're unsure about whether you actually have jock itch, or if the over-the-counter treatment doesn't help the problem, by all means visit your health care provider to determine what is going on. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It sounds very unpleasant! First, just to clarify, an IUD is an "intrauterine device." It's an implant that goes inside the uterus. I think what you meant to say is you had birth control implants (rods) removed from your upper arm. You don't say when you had this procedure done, but it's not unexpected you would experience bruising (possibly considerable bruising, since the inside of the upper arm is a very tender area) and pain (for the same reason). You also would experience swelling, which is a normal response to having a minor procedure like the rod removal. It's also not abnormal for the stitches to ooze for the first 24 hours after you have the birth control rods taken out. Your health care provider should have given you some instructions about what to do regarding the stitches (sutures). Generally speaking, you should be able to: Gently cleanse the stitches using lukewarm water and plain soap; pat dry Apply an antibacterial ointment (such as triple antibiotic ointment or Neosporin) to the sutures (as long as you're not allergic to any of the ingredients in the ointment) Many people fear any wound will become infected, so they monitor closely for what they believe is "pus" coming from the wound. Usually, any fluid you see oozing from a wound is not pus but is simply part of the natural healing process. It takes several days for an infection to develop, so if you just had the birth control rods removed today, it would be virtually impossible for you to be experiencing symptoms of an infection where the rods were removed. If it has been more than three days since you had the rods removed, and you're experiencing symptoms, the next step is to take your temperature using a thermometer . If you have a fever over 101F, then you may, indeed, have an infection. You should seek medical treatment. In general, you can elevate your arm, apply ice packs and take an over-the-counter pain reliever to help ease the situation. At any rate, if you're concerned about what's going on, you should contact the health care provider who removed the birth control rods. He or she is in the best position to advise you how to proceed. Wishing you well!  It's very wise of you to ask this question. Your best bet is to contact the surgeon's office for their advice in this matter. In my personal experience as a plastic surgery nurse, I advised patients it was OK to remove the binder long enough to wash and dry it. At a week post-surgery, I would think this to be OK, but every surgeon has different guidelines. That's why you should contact your surgeon to see what they recommend, rather than taking my word for it! Wishing you the best!  Sorry to hear this. It doesn't sound very pleasant! Your best bet is to call your health care provider's office and let him or her know what's going on. Your symptoms may be normal...or it may not. Everyone heals at a different rate, so what's normal for one person may not be normal for another. Since your health care provider knows your personal history, s/he can tell you what to do about your discharge. On a related note, I always tell people the ONE THING they must keep in their medicine cabinet at home is a thermometer. You should always be able to tell your doctor if you're running a fever or not because it's a key symptom of infection. "Feeling warm" and other nonsensical tests are no substitute for numbers on a thermometer. You can help your doctor a LOT by investing a couple of bucks in a digital thermometer and telling him/her if you're running a fever in conjunction with your other symptoms. Wishing you well!  You may be surprised to learn this absolutely is a symptom you should get checked out. I'd suggest you call as soon as possible for an appointment with your primary care provider. Phantom smells (or, medically speaking, phantosmia) can be caused by a variety of conditions, from a relatively simple upper respiratory infection to something serious like a brain tumor. The latter is relatively rare, but you'd still want to get it ruled out. So, while your phantosmia may not warrant a trip to the emergency room, it definitely merits a quick trip to the doctor. Hope this helps!  It could be bacterial vaginosis which is not sexually transmitted.  It sounds like you're afraid of what the public may think of you so you hide from the world around you. In your world you're safe, nothing can hurt you, nothing bad can happen to you. You feel free from the pressures of reality to do as you please with no judgement. It's okay to talk to yourself. It's okay to do everything you're doing. But there comes a point when it becomes too much, Depression is a serious thing, you need to get treated for it and maybe get on some medication before the depression completely takes over your life. In the meantime, try to boost your self-esteem somehow. Get all dressed up and go to a party, go to a coffee shop, go to the library, just try to get out of the dorm room and do something. Not for anyone else, but for you. As for the making up a boyfriend in your world, that is okay too. It's perfectly normal to masturbate to a fantasy, but where do you draw the line? If a guy asks you out do you turn him down BECAUSE your fantasy is good? You're 18 and in college, try to live a little and have fun. I know college is very hard and extremely demanding, but if you don't make time for you then you're going to get overwhelmed and severely depressed, more so than you already are.  A friend of mine has four children and all of them have had variations of this problem...can't feel the urge to pee, pees in pants, needs stool softener. All of her children were diagnosed with vesicoureteral reflux to some degree or another. The oldest child had surgery to correct this when she was 4 yrs. old but none of the other children required surgery. Have you had your daughter's kidney function tested? Hopefully it is nothing serious but kidney problems are nothing to fool around with and catching kidney problems early is key to prevent permanent kidney damage. Please see a urologist ASAP. I feel terrible for your poor girl and hope you/she get answers soon.  This may sound strange, but some people are "super sniffers". Think about it this way... some people have beyond perfect eyesight, some can hear the tiniest sound, and others can smell things. I wouldn't chalk it up to insanity by any means. Maybe it happens more after you've been asleep because you're relaxed and your brain has time to process little things in the environment.  I find that when I have that happen (thank goodness it doesn't happen often!) it's because I've eaten something that doesn't agree with me. I've also had it when I've been constipated, but as soon as I stop, it goes away. If it's just a once in awhile thing, it's probably something simple. But if it's constantly, have your dr check & make sure your food is getting digested & passing properly. (It wouldn't hurt to check with the dentist either!)  Something has changed. Since you were both virgins when you started, it could be assumed that you were both free of disease and safe for each other. This changes as soon as one partner is unfaithful to the other and creates the potential for diseases to come into the relationship. Maybe you should both see a doctor about this.  Go see a doctor asap! Don't panic, but I suggest making an appointment to see your doctor as soon a possible!  By your history, your symptoms fit a diagnosis of a Vaginal Yeast Infection perfectly! This can be caused by change in detergent, soaps or even the material of your underwear. This is something that must be treated and only gets worse with time. If you have recently taking antibiotics, they can also cause this. Talk with your Mother cause my guess is she has experienced this herself.  Even without the discharge you could have an yeast infection or a numerous of STD. Not everyone is going to have discharge as a symptom. On the other hand, if the pain is only during intercourse it could be due to dryness, but highly unlikely with an odor. Most importantly, seek medical attention.  It probably is a yeast infection, but you need to tell your mom so she can get you medical attention. She is a woman, so she will understand.  Hi,  He doesn't need to get cut if the smell is all that's worrying him. Guys pack a lot of odor in their junk, cut or not. I'm cut and it used to wreak, but then I staretd using Man1 Man Oil, which is this GREAT cream. It's loaded up with vitamin A or something that goes to work on bacteria and helps keep the smell away. Tell you bf to use it and see.   Hey, take it from someone who knows, he's right. I sweat buckets every damn day, and it used to be my crotch was rank, really rank. Yeah, I'd wash every day and even tried airing my tool out whenever I could, but it was still disgusting. So then I started using Man1 Man Oil, one reason being because I'd heard about the vitamin A in it helping, and yeha, it does. You know, I don't smell like a bed of roses, but that nasty odor is gone now. So use it.  Reverse digestion. I saw it on "House"  That is a large amount to take considering the recommended amount for adults is 30 micrograms. I would check with your healthcare provider on the amounts and possible medical connections. I can find no reason to think it would cause a yeast infection. For side effects and more info see this  Our senses of smell and taste are intertwined. Our ability to smell is what makes us able to taste the flavor of the foods we eat. Many things can interfere with the ability to smell and taste. Among the most common offenders include allergies, nasal polyps and sinus infections. In these cases, the loss of smell often comes on gradually. There can also be a gradual loss of smell and taste as we age. Infections in the mouth may cause problems with both taste and smell as well. A sudden loss of smell is more likely caused by a virus (like the flu) or head trauma. Zinc deficiency is also known to affect the sense of smell. Some zinc nasal sprays, on the other hand, have been implicated in complete loss of smell. Both Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease can affect the sense of smell, but other symptoms would likely be present first. Rarely a tumor in the brain or sinuses can be the cause of a decrease in smell or taste. You will have to see your doctor to get to the bottom of this. And depending on the cause, you may need to see an allergist, ear nose and throat specialist, or dentist to finally get some relief. Good luck to you!  Hi Yes its a problem, but as they say there are no problems just solutions. So have you change you washing soap lately? Try getting her in a sea salt bath this may help in calming it down, just two handfuls of SS will do, get her to do this twice a day. If it will help get not to wear any knickers when shes indoors. Only wear cotton knickers, no trousers or tights. This is a start. Have a read up on this, Behets syndrome, its just a thought, read through this link, its from the Uks NHS. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Behcets-disease/Pages/introduction.aspx Just copy this link into google to open and read Will keep searching. Good Luck  Hi IF you UTI went away without drugs, then that was a good thing, but your strong smelling urine may just be from not drinking enough through the day, along with what your drinking daily, try drinking a two litre bottle of spring water daily, this should help flush you system out, and flush away you smelling urine. Good Luck  Hi, A surprising number of things can affect the colour and odour of your urine. The most common ones are harmless and temporary, including foods, vitamins, and certain medications. But sometimes changes in urine signal a medical problem, which may range from relatively benign (a urinary tract infection) to serious (kidney or bladder cancer). If your still worried see your doctor Do hope this helps Good Luck  Hi Yes this could be BV bacterial vaginosis, now you can either get to your doctor for meds, or you can try the simple sea salt way, you just put a couple of handfuls of sea salt in a warm bath twice daily for a week, let the water get inside your vagina, you can google bv and sea salt for more info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi from what you saying it could a Bartholins-cyst, there are two links below these should help you. http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/bartholins-cyst/pages/introduction.aspx http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Bartholins-cyst/Pages/Symptoms.aspx Just copy into google to open and read. Do hope these help you. Good Luck  Hi See answer above.  Hi found this piece of info for you, its lays out the problems of not getting it seen to. Treatment of women with clinically equivocal bacterial vaginosis may increase the risks of preterm birth and low birth weight. The course of bacterial vaginosis varies and is poorly understood. Without treatment, symptoms may persist or resolve in both pregnant and non-pregnant women. Recurrence after treatment occurs in about a third of women. A history of bacterial vaginosis is associated with increased rates of complications in pregnancy: low birth weight; preterm birth (pooled OR from 10 cohort studies: 1.8, 95% CI 1.5 to 2.6); preterm labour; premature rupture of membranes; late miscarriage; chorioamnionitis; endometritis after normal delivery (8.2% v 1.5%; OR 5.6, 95% CI 1.8 to 17.2); endometritis after caesarean section (55% v 17%; OR 5.8, 95% CI 3.0 to 10.9); and surgery to the genital tract. Women who have had a previous preterm delivery are especially at risk of complications in pregnancy, with a sevenfold increased risk of preterm birth (24/428 [5.6%] in all women v 10/24 [41.7%] in women with a previous preterm birth). Bacterial vaginosis can also increase the risk of HIV acquisition and transmission. Now I normally tell women who get this to try sea salt, you do this in warm water baths, needs to be like the ocean in strength, now that's one way. Have you thought of going to an STD/GUM Clinic for help, the staff do know there job and not just for STDs. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This is from the UK's NHS, sounds just like your symptoms? White or grey fishy-smelling discharge If your vaginal discharge is grey or develops a strong fishy smell, particularly after sexual intercourse, you could have bacterial vaginosis (BV). BV is an imbalance in the normal bacteria found in your vagina. It does not usually cause itching or irritation. Like thrush, BV is very common and is not sexually transmitted. It is easily treated with antibiotics. See your GP for a prescription. Now you can either go the antibiotic way or if your one of these people who's against. antibiotics because there to much use of them,OK There is lots of natural ways you can try, now just google each one for BV. Like garlic for bv, boric acid for bv, sea salt for bv Or look through these links one at a time. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/topic.cgi?topicid=2716 http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/bacterial_vaginosis.html http://www.top10homeremedies.com/home-remedies/home-remedies-bacterial-vaginosis.html Just google each at one at a time, copy to the www. to open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well I can say your not alone,, if you google smell under your beasts, you can find more info, but here are some bits that may help, but remember we are what we eat, so could be something in there?, So there is Grapefruit seed extract, mix a few drops in water and wash twice daily with it, or you could try some cut lemon and wipe the area and let dry, they say it should go in a couple of days. Ok they say it could be a yeast fungus, so your could try dabbing some boric acid powder on the area, and you could also try this as well, a 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water, shake well, drink through the day, this way you attacking it from both sides, if works that way don't worry I take boric acid daily, for Raynards disease, and ED, works for both. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Yes its possible to be pregnant and have short 3 day periods? but to back this up you really need to see your doctor and get a pregnancy test done there, this would make sure either way. One last thing if this how your going, then these periods will last all through your pregnancy, its just one of these little odd things, that do happen in life. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi From were is this smell coming from, any hints, this smell you say smell like death, do you mean ammonia?  Hi, OK When I was young, I had the same problem, I was told when ever you can just go bare foot, this our feet do love, also walking in the sea, feet do love sea salt water. But your find as we get older it goes away, and when new really get older it can come back to haunt us again, but when ever you can where flip flaps or flip flops even, these let our feet breath or some good looking sandals. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS Smelly feet, your just born with them.  Hi Try This link it could also help you. The Link, http://health.howstuffworks.com/wellness/natural-medicine/home-remedies/home-remedies-for-foot-odor.htm Just copy into google to open and read. Should help you. Good Luck  Hi See Above or below Answer.  Hi Its very normal for women to get a discharge, the colour may change as you go through your cycle. So what your getting is normal, one problem is some women do get more discharge than others. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This could depend how long its been going on? But if its that bad you should get to an ER, they will take it a way for you, that's after an x-ray, to see how compacted you are. Nice work if you can get it. Good Luck  Hi I think you should start drinking more water, its very good for your system, gets things flushed through your body, try it, it may amaze you. Good Luck  Hi, I would go get tested, our sense of smell is important, for everyday life, from the way we smell to what we eat, and smelling gas's that may kill us. So get to somebody who will help you. Good Luck  Hi Any kind of vaginal odour you will find comes from a yeast infection, now your doctor can give you meds for this, or there's OTC drugs from your chemist/drug store. Ant there is the sea salt way, you use a couple of handfuls of sea salt in a warm bath twice a day for a week, this should get rid of your problem unless it dose not want to go then you have a look at this link for extra help. The Link, http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy into google to open and read Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi Your find that the clear liquid is from squirting or ejaculating in the female form, it means that your hitting the rite note sexually, and having orgasms. As for bleeding, this could be that when your masturbating your to dry, suggest you get your self some sex oil for that bit of extra lubrication. Getting urine inside should not do any damage. But as your getting to know your body and have interests in masturbation and having orgasms, try this site, www.dodsonandross.com Dr Betty Dodson is a guru in both masturbation and how to orgasm, she takes life one orgasm at a time, she runs life class's on both, you can down load vids to learn any extra technics of how to on both, any other problems your getting you can post to Dr Betty. Do hope all this helps you for the future. Good Luck  Hi Two links, I was thinking this way (also not a doctor) if she cant drink milk does she like yogurt? as this has most of the same as most is made from cows milk. The two links one is milk the other is yogurt. http://www.milk.co.uk/page.aspx?intPageID=71 http://www.milk.co.uk/page.aspx?intPageID=83 Just copy each into google one a t a time to the www. To open and read. Try this one as well, could help you. http://lifehacker.com/what-is-the-best-alternative-to-milk-1479430034 Just copy the same as above. Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi A theory? could be that your high dose steroids have played on your progesterone hormone, and this has increased your smell and taste buds. Cant find a direct link, this is just from bits and pieces of info. Hope it helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi Joey, Yes its like it throbbing, per haps what your getting is pre-ejaculate its almost an opaque liquid, sperm will be thicker mostly white and thick in colour and texture, but colour can change slightly. Sometimes before you ejaculate you may get pre-cum which a clear liquid, but its very important when having sex, its seem's to be sticky, but its a lubricant for sex or helps anyway, some guys produce loads others next to nothing, so don't worry to much on that. So just keep at it once a day, your getting there. Good Luck  Hi If you take into account we are what we eat, I would take a long look at your diet, you may also get a sample looked at. When there is an infection in the urinary tract, the urine may take on a foul-smelling odour as well as appear cloudy or bloody. Or this could be coming from any meds your on. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, I found you this its from. http://www.everydayhealth.com/allergies/seafood-allergy-fact-vs-fiction.aspx You can have an allergic reaction to shellfish without eating it. The proteins in shellfish and other seafood that trigger food allergies and allergy symptoms can be transmitted through the air when the fish is cooked. If you are in a restaurant or in the kitchen when shellfish are being cooked, you could still have an allergic reaction. Even just handling fish or smelling the steam of cooking seafood can trigger a serious allergic reaction in people who are extremely sensitive to seafood and shellfish. So yes you can. Good Luck  Hi Well you either have a yeast infection or BV, so you get a bad smell, do you get a cottage cheese discharge, if so its probably BV. So even at 13, if your against antibiotics, if your body has to many, they wont work when we really need them to, so google bv and sea salt, or yeast infection and sea salt, you can also google bv and boric acid, your find these very intresting answers for you, the thing is it does work, just a very simple thing. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As you have not put your sons age, it could be what they call night fall? yes, your son could be having wet dreams. This is nothing to worry about its just his brain getting sexually active, I went through the same thing at about the age of 10. Wet dreams occur when a boy's body starts making more testosterone. This change for boys is little bit like when a girl gets her period. It's a sign a boy is growing up and the body is preparing for the day in the future when a man might decide to be a father. Semen contains sperm, which can fertilize a woman's egg and begin the process that ends with a baby being born. Although some boys might feel embarrassed or even guilty about having wet dreams, a boy can't help it. Almost all boys normally experience them at some time during puberty and even as adults Do hope this answers your question. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Ok for one if her mucus is to acidic then this would not do your sperm any good and probably render it useless, which could be your problem of not getting pregnant. OK one thing she could try is doing a week of twice daily sea salt baths, with just a couple of handfuls of sea salt in each one but not two deep, she must let this water get inside her vagina, she can do PH check at home with PH paper. If she still has a problem its either a good doctor or a gyno. One other thing is she getting any discharge with this odour? If so perhaps she has BV (bacterial vaginosis), or reoccurring BV, the sea salt could help if boric acid, she can by capsules from a chemist for them, but she needs to ask for them. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS Get her to have a look at this site. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy into google to see it. She could find some other ideas.  Hi So when do you shower, mornings and no more during the day? do you shower just before your going out to meet your g/f, if its this last one, you should be fresh, unless you have a body odour problem, if your crutch area this you would not smell, there's a lot of things we don't smell, unless your a naturist, and being one, I wash after every time I pass stools every time I have sex. You should always try and keep clean as you can, always think your going to have sex? do that and you should be OK. Try this and see how you get on, with your g/f. But keep away from any kind of deodorant around your crutch area, if its does not irritate you it may irritate your g/fs vagina, this would be a great turn off for sex. Good Luck  Hi If this was not a vets advice? then you should not be given human drugs to your dog unless you were advised to, by a vet. Get your dog to a vet ASAP, tell him/her what you have been giving it. Good Luck  Hi, If your getting a white discharge that looks just like cottage cheese with the fishy smell you have BV, its not that serious to have. OK there are two things you can do, one is get to your doctor and get some meds for it, or you can try the very simple sea salt way, this you have to have two baths a day with sea salt in it, a couple of hand fools will do, ok its a warm bath with the sea salt, let the water get inside your vagina, you just do that for a week, should be gone then. Just google bv and sea salt for more info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Any discharge from the vagina, you should go see your doctor, it would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi after having a quick look at the diet, you can see why. As they say, we are what we eat, and from that just what we pass, but his gas must be the same. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Why don't you take it to the vets for your Mum, I'm sure this dose not sound right. Dose it ever get out for walks? fresh air would do it some good, if its not been out for a while it may go a scatty at first, also be nervous. But the vets, GO good Luck  Hi The penicillin could have upset your vaginal natural balance, it will do that, because of this you may now have BV (bacterial vaginosis) Its just one of these things some women can get can be just the once or can keep re-occurring. So its either of to your doctor for a test and meds, or an STD/GUM Clinic, they will do the same thing, your OK its not an STD but the clinic will help you. Or you can google bv and sea salt, bv and boric acid, bv and garlic these are just some ways you can find natural help. Now it could be this thats chucking the rest of your body out of sync and giving you the tiredness. As for your miscarriage, perhaps a D&C would have helped, but you could still have it done now, try seeing a doctor or going to a baby clinic that has a doctor there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Why don't you take it to the vets for your Mum, I'm sure this dose not sound right. Dose it ever get out for walks? fresh air would do it some good, if its not been out for a while it may go a scatty at first, also be nervous. But the vets, GO good Luck  Hi If she says she finished with him? easy just take her phone away from her and throw it down the toilet, and tell her she cant have a new one. S**t or bust. Good Luck  Hi The penicillin could have upset your vaginal natural balance, it will do that, because of this you may now have BV (bacterial vaginosis) Its just one of these things some women can get can be just the once or can keep re-occurring. So its either of to your doctor for a test and meds, or an STD/GUM Clinic, they will do the same thing, your OK its not an STD but the clinic will help you. Or you can google bv and sea salt, bv and boric acid, bv and garlic these are just some ways you can find natural help. Now it could be this thats chucking the rest of your body out of sync and giving you the tiredness. As for your miscarriage, perhaps a D&C would have helped, but you could still have it done now, try seeing a doctor or going to a baby clinic that has a doctor there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well its either the yeast infection still hanging around, or it is a UTI? But have a read of this below, it should help you. The most common causes of smelly urine are outlined below. It is important to know about these conditions to address any issues before they grow into a more serious problem. Bacteria can enter the urinary tract and grow and multiply in number. The end result is smelly urine and discomfort. Other symptoms include burning, frequency of urination, abdominal or back pain and cloudy urine, night sweats and chills. Treatment includes drinking plenty of water and cranberry juice. Your doctor will prescribe a course of antibiotics to kill the bacterial infection. But If you think it could be the yeast infection, Try these for help there all natural. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html http://www.naturecures.co.uk/fungi.htm http://www.midwiferytoday.com/articles/garlic.asp Just copy each one into google, one ate a time to the www. To open and read Do hope this helps you Good Luck  Hi Well its sounds like you now have BV (bacterial vaginosis) so as you cant afford your doctor try this, its just simple sea salt, twice a dat you put a couple of handfuls in a warm bath, and just soak you lower half in the water, let this water get inside your vagina, if all goes well a week should do it. google sea salt and bv for more info. I do hope this helps your problem. Good Luck  Hi I know certain things do come out of our sweat pores, so it could be possible for you to sweat or extrude the taste of chocolate through your pores in some way, but then it would depend on how much you ate, like a nice big chunk? Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I would if I was you, get the job done properly, and go have some tests done, get this done your doctor will get you on the right meds for your problem. Or just get to an ER Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Anybody with blood in there stool or urine should go see your doctor ASAP, its important that you do that. Good Luck  Hi Sound like you getting a reaction to the BC pills, it would be best see you doctor and change brands of even the hormone type. But if your still having sex I do hope you using condoms? Use these till your back on a BC pill. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Ok you get aroused very easily so what's wrong with that, if you can still do that in another 20 years time, then bottle it and sell it. No great don't worry, you OK, now for lasting longer the is a simple exercise called edging, for this I suggest you go on www,pegym.com and look under exercises, you will find it there, and just follow what they say, all being well you should start lasting longer and longer very soon, once you get there you just need to do it a couple of times a week to keep it up, in more ways than one. I do hope this helps you and your wife to enjoy sex for longer. Good Luck  Hi I would start at your doctors, get a blood test done, your blood tells your doctor a lot of things about what your body is doing, so a good place to start, and take it from there. If you do think you may have an STD or STI, try your nearest STD/GUM Clinic for a test there, if that's what you think. Try this link from WebMD http://www.webmd.com/urinary-incontinence-oab/features/the-truth-about-urine You may also find it helpful. Good Luck  Hi For a couple of days drink nothing but lots of water, this should flush out your system, after that with what ever you drink, just make sure you drink water through the day. That should keep you flushed out and smelling fresh. Good Luck  Hi It would have been nice to say male or female? So look have good read through this WebMD link, it should help you, But I think you really should see your doctor. http://www.webmd.com/urinary-incontinence-oab/features/the-truth-about-urine Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just stick to natural juices then, you can mix them with carbonated spring water, your find this would make them more interesting. If you use a good apple juice with the spring water comes out like cider. Perhaps its just your system and sugar based drinks, not forgetting some of these or most of them use corn based syrups, perhaps it this that's giving you your problem. Good Luck  Hi They say douching is not a very good thing for the vagina, but I would try a nice warm sea salt bath twice a day if you can, let the water get inside you, like you would if you were swimming naked, sea salt is a very good at curing things in the vagina. Good Luck  Hi Then I think you will have to have a urine test done, there are lots of hidden secrets in you urine, and perhaps even a blood test. It might be when the two results come together that an answer might just pop up. Good Luck  Hi Try Taken some warm sea salt baths twice daily for a week, you just may find this will help clean you out, try googling sea salt and vagina's, you find this very helpful. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi No I think you have BV(bacterial vaginosis), OK you have a choice, of to the doctor for some antibiotics, or you could try boric acid capsules, for this see your chemist and ask for them, you can google bv and boric acid or you can have a look at this site for more help. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy into googel to see it, its very interesting. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Question, is this raw meat or cooked meat?  Hi Lets look at5 the other side, OK he's your B/f, Yes Dose he have a tight foreskin? Dose he have trouble pulling his foreskin back? Well if so he just need to start stretching it, it so easy, just a little bit of baby oil then he starts stretching it first length ways and then side ways, all the time massaging the baby oil in his penis, and slowly he then should be able to pull his foreskin back without any trouble. By doing this he will be able to wash in comfort behind his foreskin, getting rid of the smell. He need to remember that having a circumcision, he could lose the sensitivity around his gland or penis head, this is why a lot of guys regrow there foreskins, and yes it can be done. So is his foreskin tight? Hope this helps you both. Good Luck  HI Have a look at this site for your yeast infection. THE link, http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html Just copy into google open and read, the best thing there is not a drug in site. Get this bit right could clear up you urine problem. As for bleeding after sex, see if you can clear up your yeast problem and take it from there. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you have BV (bacterial vaginosis) if you had a cottage cheese discharge that was a fishy smell to it then that's it. If drugs don't get rid of it, then there some natural ways you can try, like this google bv and sea salt, bv and boric acid, and last bv and garlic. When you google these your find lots of sites all giving some very good info, try and take in as much as you can, or start your own file for sites. By The way, these also work for a yeast infection. Its all down to simple natural things. Good Luck  Hi Yes your right the sense of smell in menopausal women does get heightened, it would be best if you go for a blood test, a blood test tells all, and including if your starting the menopause. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Just crushed some charcoal, and it smelt of nothing, so if this is right, then you have no small? So how does your smell? Or do you mean soot, is so then that smells of tar? so is it that?  Hi I would get to an ENT about your tonsil stones from what I can read, some of your problems could stem from there, its to do with sulphur caused by the stones. It would be a good starting point, perhaps the rest will fall in place after. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well it sounds like he has diarrhoea and sickness. keep him off any foods for the next 24 hours, just liquids, after the 24 hours just some very light foods like scrambled egg, custard, anything else but keep it light for a couple of days. After this he should just pick himself up, and eat better. Good Luck  Hi I would get the co detector checked out, it sounds like fumes to me, when the guy checked out your furnace did he check the flue, sonds from what your saying it may just have a crack or small hole. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you have two cats its a normal thing when a cat comes in, the other cat will go up and smell the breath, amongst other things. So if you just have the one cat then your now its mate, so he/she wants to smell you and you breath. Good Luck  Hi Getting a vaginal discharge is a normal thing can go from clear to white or an off yellow, so your just normal. Good Luck  Hi, Its a tricky question, but we are what we eat and what we eat is the way we smell, but I would have thought that by drinking the amount of water your drinking and more if you want, would help flush your system out. But found this link, it may give you some ideas of what you want to try next. The Link, http://shine.yahoo.com/healthy-living/smell-10-sneaky-sources-body-odor-142800980.html Hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi Try this, for the next few days, twice a day give your self a warm sea salt bath, but firs you let the water get inside your vagina, and let it soak awhile. you should find that this will help with your problem of an itch. You can google sea salt and the vagina for more info. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Do you know if your b/f has been antibiotics, this could be one thing. Are you getting any kind of discharge? any kind of cottage cheese discharge? Douching was not a good idea, as it can interfere with your natural balance inside your vagina. you could try a warm sea salt baths, twice a day for a week and see how that goes, you must let the water get inside your vagina, for this to work, for more info just google sea salt and the vagina. Do hope there is something here for you. Good Luck  Hi They say if you urinate straight after sex it cleans the sperm out . What kind of smell are you getting, and is there any kind of vaginal discharge? Please put your answer on here.  Hi did some research for you, and come with, its something you have to live with, so Had an idea, look try this and see how you get on, twice a day give you vagina either a sitz bath or a normal bath with sea salt, let the water get inside your vagina, give it about ten days, and see how it goes. I do hope it helps. Good Luck PS Google sea salt and the vagina.  Hi well your not eating for one, and that always give us bad breath, not drinking enough fluids, and just being ill, plus your not probable cleaning your teeth, then who does when your ill. See just simple things. Good Luck  Hi If you mean were people have been smoking, then no, your find second hand smoke, is when somebody is blowing smoke from there lips or down through there nose, its fresh smoke, that your then breath in, hence second hand smoke. Hope this helps you. Happy New Year. Good Luck  Hi Well its your body, and as you say there not doing you any good. So they have to go,Yes. OK have a look at this link, there's 8 different ways you can try, but one perhaps will do. The Link, http://www.wikihow.com/Remove-Moles-Without-Surgery I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well then go back to your old dose, see what happens then, but being on antidepressants is not good can have some bad side effects ED is one that us men do not want. Just google natural ways out of depression, see if anything there that would help you, chose away then work with your doctor to slowly come off them. Doing that will be so good for you. Good Luck  Hi Well if its a fishy smell and your getting a cottage cheese discharge the its BV, so its either meds from your doctor or over the counter meds or go the natural way, with things like sea salt, garlic or boric acid capsules. each one of these you can google for more info, like this sea salt for bv, you find lots of info for all of them. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi A lot of the way we smell is down to what we eat, you need to have a good look at your diet, to much fast foods or junk foods give you way to much salt and sugars, sodas to much sugar, look at what your drinking like alcohol, to many beers. And last are you on any new meds, these could also be your problem. Any help. Good Luck  Hi Things change as we get older, that happen, we cant stop it. The thing is to be extra diligent with personal hygiene, I have got the same as I have got older, and being a naturist, means after going to the toilet for a dump, always wash after or as soon as you can, same with washing your groan and the rest of your body, shower as often as you can, first thing in the morning and at the end of the day. See how you get on from there. Good Luck  Hi, For now all you can do is wait till Friday, being you period date, if by Sunday your period has not started then do your pregnancy test? that's the best time to do one and not before. Test before a missed period that can throw up false results. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi A couple of things I did not mention the other day which may help you, do you have trouble getting your foreskin all the way back, if some it could be smegma this gives you Balonopostitis this is at its worst, this is from not being able to clean behind your foreskin. OK way out would be to start slowly stretching you foreskin lengthways and sideways do this twice daily you should soon be able to get it all the way back, use some baby oil on your foreskin, it helps. Try this as well, shave off those pubic hairs, and always shave downwards, I do this every time I shave so does down below, your be shaving down there as quick as your face. Get these two things going, you could soon be in oral heaven. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, is the smell on the fishy side are you getting some think like cottage cheese coming out? if so its BV (bacterial vaginsis), so you can either go to your doctor for meds being antibiotics? to many are not good for your body. Or you can try the natural way in getting over it. here's some links these should help you. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/topic.cgi?topicid=2716 http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/bacterial_vaginosis.html http://www.top10homeremedies.com/home-remedies/home-remedies-bacterial-vaginosis.html OK If it is a yeast infection, try these. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html http://www.naturecures.co.uk/fungi.htm http://www.midwiferytoday.com/articles/garlic.asp http://www.livestrong.com/article/159043-goldenseal-root-powder-vaginitis/ http://www.pau-d-arco.com/Doctorsaid.html Just copy one at a time into google to the www. to open and read. Try and copy these always useful to keep. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This is from the UK NHS. Vaginitis means inflammation (soreness and swelling) of the vagina. Many women with vaginitis also get abnormal vaginal discharge, itching or burning in the vagina, and discomfort during sex or when urinating. A strong, unpleasant smell, particularly after sexual intercourse, can also be sign. Some women with vaginitis may experience few symptoms, or none at all. This page lists the possible causes of vaginitis, with links to more detailed information about these conditions. This guide should not be used to self-diagnose your condition, but should give you an idea of what is causing your vaginitis. See your GP if you suspect the cause of your sore vagina is an infection. You can read our information on abnormal vaginal discharge to find out if you have a vaginal infection, and, if so, what this is likely to be. Causes of vaginitis Vaginitis may be caused by any of the following infections or irritants: thrush , a fungal infection that commonly affects the vagina bacterial vaginosis , a bacterial infection of the vagina trichomoniasis , a sexually transmitted infection (STI) caused by a tiny parasite chemical irritation , for example from perfumed bubble bath, soap or fabric conditioner, or from spermicide (a chemical that kills sperm, sometimes found on condoms) washing inside your vagina chlamydia , an STI caused by bacteria genital herpes , an STI caused by the herpes simplex virus Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  no  It is important to discuss this with your doctor. You may have a disorder called pica. While I am not an expert on this disorder, I understand it can be caused a lack of certain nutrients and is sometimes associated with cravings during pregnancy. It is treatable. Please talk to your doctor--believe me, doctors hear everything and they are there to help. I wish you luck with this.  Hi! I have three friends whom had meningitis at birth and they are all three just fine. I suffered years ago from social situation and nothing was wrong at my birth. I had to get on a antidepressant and that really help socially. The not being able to taste, I'm not sure about, I really don't think its social or neurological and I myself am a counselor LPC Radford va! Sounds more like a medical problem or possibly a psychological problem that you can overcome. I could not eat in social situation in college, I felt like vomiting but I did overcome this. Hope this helps and you are on your way to feeling better! God Bless!  It is due to as we sweat the body eliminates waste in the form of sweat, so that's is the reason behind sour smell of sweat.  Some forms of anemia are NOT iron-deficiency, but other causes. Your doctor may need to do some additional blood tests, including one to see if you can bind the iron you are taking (test is called Total Iron Binding Capacity). Some oral forms of iron are more "absorbable" than others.  Not the smell, but the carcinogen (cancer-causing) residue that may be on your clothes or skin. This is called third-hand smoke... Before you hold this little infant, take a shower, wash you hair, and change your clothes. And....if you have plan on having a meaningful contact with this child as it grows, you had better stop smoking now so you will be around to enjoy this new life.  There is very little fiber in breast milk, so it is not uncommon for a breast fed baby to defecate several times a day (even as you feed them) or as infrequently as once a week. It takes about three months for babies to grow a healthy bacterial flora in their intestines, so gas pains are less common after three months, but babies can still clear a room at times with some smelly ones. There is not much you can do about this, expect blame it on your husband.  It should be fine, assuming she doesn't fall asleep with one in her mouth and aspirates it.  It is not likely that cigarette smoke in another apartment 50 feet away would have long term health consequences for you, but if you are sensitive to that smoke smell, you may have to move.  In the U.S., using a deodorant is usually standard (not so much in other countries). It is one thing to smell nice, it is another thing to smell offensive to others. As a medical provider, I have grown accustomed to all extremes of human odors. I am not a big fan of any human that is overly-perfumed. I would prefer BO over someone that smells like an overpowering rose garden. Some offices ban excessive perfume since some people may be chemically-sensitive or allergic. Whatever you choose, keep it subtle. Deodorants can be scent-free, and a tiny amount of perfume can be pleasant.  No.  If your history as true, and I have no doubt that you are being honest, the most likely cause IS a yeast infection. Yeast loves warm, dark, moist places and your vagina fits the bill perfectly. Yeast is notorious for causing extreme itching, swelling, redness, and a discharge, so do not hesitate to talk to your mother. In most cases, your mother has experienced vaginal yeast infections herself, and will be able to help you. There are many effective, over-the-counter medications, and even an oral pill that your medical provider can prescribe. This problem can be easily fixed, so don't delay.  Plenty of ideas... hundreds in fact, but an idea is not an accurate diagnosis. A diagnosis or treatment can not be accomplished blindly over the Internet. You will need to see a medical provider -- someone who can take a good medical history, examine you first-hand, order any diagnostic tests, and then....provider a treatment plan for you.  The most common reason for this is a foreign body , usually food. Your three-year old, for some reason, decided it was a good idea to put a green bean, pea, or ?? in the nose. If there is a bad smell and a nasty drainage from just one-side, this is the most likely reason. Nasal foreign bodies can be challenging to remove, so it may be a good idea to allow the medical provider to do it for you.  There are no differences in the smell of anyone of a different race. Skin color does not have an odor. That is not to say that humans do not have their own smells. A person who eats different or aromatic foods or spices can smell different to someone who is not familiar with the smell. A person who smokes smells quite different to a non-smoker. A person who is not diligent in their personal hygiene practices can have all sorts of body odors...I have set with plenty of them on a crowded plane. There may be a smell of poverty, when someone wants to be clean, but does not have the same access to a shower or laundry facilities like you do. Some people do not wear deodorant or use cologne. Some use too much and make my eyes water. Smells are in the nose of the beholder. To say that a black person smells different than any other race can be considered a racist statement...one that has absolutely no speck of truth.  Don't blame college dining hall food. Since semen and urine share the same exit, you could have a bit of urine after ejaculation (assuming this is urine and not a different fluid). Without an examination of your guy-parts, including the prostate, I would not know if you are seeing prostatic fluid or not, so if this persists, you may need to see a urologist. While some student health practitioners have skill in this area, a urologist would likely offer you the best answer.  If you are having unprotected sex; not using any form of birth control, then yes....you can become pregnant. Your body is designed for conceptiion. Your current symptoms are not necessarily specific for pregnancy, nor do they exclude the possibility. It is up to you to decide when to take a pregnancy test, or when to repeat the test if it comes up negative.  Maybe....there is a rare medical condition called Maple Syrup Urine Disease http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maple_syrup_urine_disease You may want to check this out and inform her pediatrician.  Unless your company is willing to get you a full-head respiratory system, there is really no simple mask system. I am absolutely appalled that you have to inhale secondary smoke at your place of employment. NO ONE should be smoking around you....period! If they cannot provide you with a smoke-free environment while you are pregnant, then they should be required to pay your FULL salary for you to stay home. I think it is time for you to call the labor board and complain. Do you work in the United States?????  Urine can have an odor when it is very concentrated, or from other foods. Some foods (such as asparagus), vitamins, and antibiotics (such as penicillin ) can cause urine to have a different odor. A sweet, fruity odor may be caused by uncontrolled diabetes. A urinary tract infection (UTI) can cause a bad odor. Urine that smells like maple syrup can mean maple syrup urine disease, when the body can't break down certain amino acids . A rotten smell should be medically-investigated, at least by a urinalysis.  Herpes does not cause or contribute to bacterial vaginosis. Vaginal odor could be BV....or trichomonas.....or even an impacted tampon, so it would be best to see your medical provider so you can be properly examined and diagnosed. BV can be cured with the right medical regime. I am not sure what your doctors are using, but this is not a difficult problem to treat. You can keep getting it back however, if it is coming from the same (sexual) source.  It would not be likely to get brain damage from smelling a polyester backpack, although I have encountered some deadly tennis shoes from time to time. You are safe....  So....how long are you going to tolerate this before you see a medical provider, have a proper examination, and get this treated? This still may be a pilonidal cyst/abscess or even a perirectal abscess....a guess, of course, since I can't examine you. Either way, you need to have this treated and most likely will need a minor surgical procedure.  There is really no "average time". Most people with sinusitis do not have any loss of taste or smell, but for those that do, it can take several days....to several weeks....or even longer, for those senses to return. As much as we would like to predict outcome, healing time is so variable in humans, that it would be impossible.  Please don't let her sit in soiled pants all day or other punishments...this can create even more physical or psychological issues. Your first step is to see he medical provider to make sure there are no medical reasons for this behavior. How would you feel if she had a urinary tract infection, or diabetes, or a gastrointestinal disorder? If nothing is found, they you can work on behavior approaches....way different than what you are doing. Your pediatrician can help or you can see a child psychologist. This problem can and will be solved, but it is going to take some patience and understanding on your part, and a different behavioral strategy.  Nothing really causes poor hygiene per se....it is a choice, unfortunately. Your nephew can easily change, but chooses not to. You could have a heart-to-heart talk to him again, but a decision to improve his hygiene habits may still be ignored. If he had a significant other, they may have the influence, but as an Aunt, you can only do so much. Like any bad habits, his lack of personal hygiene may be difficult to change....unless HE decides to do it.  Scabies, assuming he was accurately diagnosed, is a HUMAN PARASITE. It is passed on to him by another human. It could be from someone the cares for him at the Sunday nursery or ? It did not come from the faulty air duct.  Unfortunately, a description -- no matter how thorough -- is never the same as having a direct examination fo this area in question. As much as I would like to help you, it would not be possible to blindling make any type of determination. The ONLY way that you can get a patient-specific answer is for you to be examined.  It could be both. Yeast infections in the vagina tend to itch; urinary infections tend to be painful with urination only and can be accompanied by the urge to urinate even after you have urinated. See your medical provider for a urinalysis to see if you do, indeed, have an infection needing to be treated. A vaginal yeast infection can usually be treated over the counter with anti-yeast vaginal medications.  Contact allergy could do it....dryer softener sheets with perfume is high on my list, followed by enzymatic detergents and bath soaps. It could even be that feminine spray, even if you have used it in the past. Products often change ingredients without changing the brand name. A yeast infection is quite common in this area, so if the itch is limited to the clitoral area, use a topical antifungal, perhaps mixed half/half with 1% hydrocortisone cream.  Because he's not hydrated enough. Same as people, the more hydrated the less smell and lighter the color.  The smoke from someone else's cigarette, cigar or pipe or marajuana has just as much potential to affect your health in adverse ways The dangerous difference between mainstream and sidestream smok. Sidestream smoke makes up most of the smoke inhaled by non-smokers ( 85% of smoke produced by smoking a cigarette is sidestream ). Sidestream smoke comes from the burning end of the cigarette, and because a lot of this combustion is at a lower temperature than mainstream smoke, more of the carcinogenic chemicals are released into the air. The particles of smoke that make up sidestream smoke are smaller than those of mainstream, and their tiny size allows them to stay airborne longer and go deeper into lungs. For more information on this you can visit topdrugmart.  You may have bacteria vaginosis! call to schedule an appt with your gyno  Most body odor is caused by an accumulation of bacteria on the surface of the skin. In general, this problem can usually be improved with the use of natural cleansers while bathing. There are also certain medical conditions -- diabetes, liver disease, and infections, for instance -- that may contribute to body odor. A balanced diet is critical to your well-being. Imbalances in your nutritional intake may lead to an accumulation of unfriendly bacteria within your digestive system.  I think the best thing to do would be to shampoo the hair and condition it. I am not an expert and have never done a lice treatment, but my opinion is that it would probably be totally fine and would not encourage the lice to repopulate.  That is normal. You can douche and then use RePhresh PH balance to restore your vaginal fluids to the way they are supposed to be.  Hi, sorry to hear about your pain. For long-term aid you could try decreasing your meal sizes as the day progresses, especially at dinner. You could also try eating 3-4 hours before going to bed to allow your food to digest better, chewing your food properly to aid with digestion and eating less processed foods. For temporary relief you could try taking over the counter medicines like Gaviscon or Dica or antacids or chewing gum. Hope this helps!  WHEN BURPING-SMELLS LIKE ROTTEN EGGS-WHATS THE CAUSE??  As a patient and a nurse with a long history of back pain from degenerative disc disease and other pathology, I have had similar pain. Since your pain is unrelated to a sudden onset from an injury or strain, then you might want to explore possible kidney concerns. If your urine is foul smelling than it can very easily be a that may have been caused from an untreated or from I would get to a clinic or urgent care center, get a urine culture and an x-ray or ultra sound looking for stones. There are also other conditions that need to be ruled out a well. Good luck.  Sweat smells due to the bacteria that lives in it. Here are some ways to control the smell if you're concerned:  Here is an that I hope will help as you work with your doctor to determine your personal diagnosis and treatment. Here also are three links from our Women's Health forum here at WebMD with great responses from our GYN Nurse Practitioner: We hope you will see your doctor soon to determine what's happening. The WebMD Answers Staff  I had a Bernese Mtn. Dog that would consistently try to sniff the area on my abdomen that was later found to be infected. My doctor first pooh-poohed my reports that the dog was telling me that I had an infection brewing but later came around. After a while all I had to say was "Loki says I have " and the doc was putting on gloves to start the exam. I tell you I am a 100% Analytical Science-type person but even I believe Dogs have a sense that we have not yet started to understand.  You could be but the best way to know is go get a test done  it is common for people to get headaches from those smells it has been classified as a allergic reaction people who work in the medical field now are asked not to wear perfumes due patients that may have reactions to these things [just like latex balloons are not allowed in hospitals]  I have never had a problem with antibotics. I was prescribed Amox TR-K CLV 500 - 125 MG tablets (Sando) this was generic for Augmentin. Took my first pill, began to itch in my vagina area (strange I must say), then itching entire body. I didn't connect the medication with the itch, thought I had touched something in the yard, soap or clothing causing problem. Took baking soda bath/ showers, anything I could find for allergy thinking it was from contacting something. Still didn't connect with medication. Next morning the same thing. Called my doctor, stopped medication, flushed my body drinking lots and lots of water. I don't think it was the actual medication, I think it is something in the base product, you know to hold the pill together. If I should need Augmentin again I will asked for a different mfg, too bad they are not in capsule form, less foreign ingrets. We never think of the fillers in tablets. Look up everything that is in your medication..it is an eye opener.  I personally don't think this is something that should be home treated, go to your doctor. If you use them, are you sure that you completely removed tampon after your period. I would think that the bright red bleeding could be from a small skin irritation, but the foul smell sounds like infection. Have you tried warm water soaks? A trip to clinic/physician is needed.  my heartly congratz for your daughter.pregnant ladies do develope some purplish lines & rashes its common but, in your daughter's condition it may be due to the polluted water also. i need some exact details from your daughter. so that i can suggest you right way to handle her.  I have read in reputable magazinies that there have been dogs that have sniffed out skin cancer on their owner. They follow them around and sniff and try to nibble at the spot. The owner later found out that they had sking cancer at that spot. I have one dog out of 6 that I own that is a sore licker. She will like a minor sore for as long as I will allow her. I have diabetes, and it takes a sore longer than normal to heal on an extremity--except when I let Tillie lick it. Now this may say sound nasty to some of you. But I have also read that dogs were used for this purpose during WWII as well as sugar, when nothing else was available. Dogs are amazing, and my Tillie is the only one that will lick a sore.  They can certainly give me a headache!!!!!!!!!!!  I have had several friends that have been on probation and have tried to use the response that they failed a urinalysis because of friends that have smoked around them. Each time, their probation officer has told them that in order to get even trace amounts in their system, they would have to be literally inside of a car with the windows up and smoke large amounts I think that both you and your husband have taken adequate precautions to protect your child  You can take a soda/pop/beer bottle, wash it out. Fill half way of water and bring close to a boil. Put it over the area and it will pull it out!  At times I have a sour smell in my nose.  At times I smell ammonia on my breath  Try Monkey butt....it is a powder.  Do you smell these smells in a certain area or at certain times? Are you around others or by yourself? If you are by yourself and smelling it- it might be your self that you smell. This may be a sign of diabetes. The build up of ketones in the body can give you breath like or a general smell like ammonia or nail polish remover. Your urine may also smell overly fruity or sweet as a symptom.  Take your Antibiotoics and be paitent. That happens to me everytime I get a sinus infection. Try also using breath right strips, i found they helped relieved pressure during the night so I was able to taste somethings in the mornings.  okay did the guy cum inside of you?, if he did then that is his sperm. standing up,or squeezing your vaginal muscles will make it come out. and yes for some reason it has a distinct smell.. OR that can be your vaginal juice, some women can squirt when they orgasm, just look it up or ask your parents.. but its the women orgasm juice, its mainly called discharge. its the way of your insides clean you out. just wash your self afterwards you have intercourse, so you stay clean and have good hygiene.. now if your discharge ever turns to a brown or yellow or even greenish color, or even if it stays clear white color but it has a disgusting fishy odor, and so strong u can smell it coming out of your clothes u wearing.. or just it keeps iching,, go to the dr, you have an STD or yeast infection, or vaginal bacteria.. ALL OF THESE ARE VERY SERIOUS GO TO A DOCTOR!!!!  I woundnt be to worried but just to be sure see a doctor  how does pot help with anxiety, it makes people paranoid doesn't it??? If you post a response I hope I can retrieve it, I am new on WebMD.  whats cause you to loss taste bud no smells  I havent been able to taste or smells in a while  no it wont show up unless you smoke it  take a hot shower every day with soap. better still, you both shower together, then you can wash his junk and make sure it's clean!  Do you detox your system every season three to four times a year also are you drinking plenty of water and watch what you eat  See your primary care physician, he/she may need to refer you to a specialist for colon testing.  alot more water, stick to less gassy/greasy foods, and eat less.  More water, try drinking it. Coffee causes a strong urine smell too. So do illicit drugs. Yeah :[  I wouldn't say that the after effects of child birth would cause a bad odor, mostly bad vaginal odors are from infections or poor hygiene. Do you or did you have any symptoms of Bacterial Vaginosis? Amoxicillin can be helpful with BV but i wouldn't say that it will cure it, if you have the symptoms you should go to a doctor and get the proper medication. Bacterial Vaginosis Primary Symptoms Vaginal discharge: The discharge is usually yellow or green, but some women have noticed a gray or even white discharge with BV. Vaginal odor: The odor is the most common and noticeable symptom which smells fishy. If you notice this odor, you have Bacterial vaginosis and need to seek treatment. After sexual activity: The vaginal discharge will be increased with the same odor. Bacterial vaginosis Secondary Symptoms Swollen vagina Vaginal itch Pain during sexual intercourse Urination is painful Burning sensation in the vagina Irritation of the vagina  It is certainly possible. Since you have a history of miscarriages I would reconmend you go see your OBGYN as soon as possible to find out. That way if you are your doctor can monitor you closely to help prevent another miscarriage if possible.Good luck and God bless.  I would tell the dentist that you stopped that antibiotic and why. It is not good to quit them as you can develop resistant bacterial strains. At this point it sounds like you have both a yeast infection from the first antibiotic which you can treat by using an OTC yeast treatment and the second sounds like a urinary tract infection. I would see your doctor for a urinalysis which may involve a quick test and/or a urine culture. Report every thing you said here to the doctor. Start drinking lots of cranberry juice (if you are not diabetic) and water. It will help. If the vagina itching doesn't go away such as the OTC product indicates see your doctor for that as well as it could be something else such as trichomonas. But I believe it is yeast because you can develop it due to an antibiotic. Marieh9  Smell is controlled by nerves between the brain and the top of the nerves, if you had a knock on a head or any kind of trauma where the brain moved, it is like Sand paper and wood it files the top of the nerves off, once they're gone, they're gone. If there was no truma it can be mixture of medicines can cause it.  That sounds exactly like an abcess and you need to get it treated now! I"m sure you have by now because the pain alone of one of those will drive you straight to the Emergency Room. I have had then several times in a different location and they didn't give me anything for pain and started cutting on this thing, I almost brought the house down. That was probably the first time it happened, I was living in Georgia. And the antibiotic I was given in the ER wasn't strong enough and the abcess came back in less than a week, I wanted to cut the thing out myself rather go back. The pain is excruciating, but you need to get the infection out and treated. You just get a small amout of infection and the body tries to help you out by protecting you from this nasty little thing and it forms a knot like or ball around it and that in turn becomes very infected, not always but most of the time. It is worse than labor pains, or at least mine was. I hope you have been to the doctor and are on the healing end of this because I know how bad they can be. If it is not an abcess, it is something remarkedly close to it, like its best friend, and it still has to go. I feel so bad for you, I hope you have someone to go o the doctor with you and hold your hand, or hold your feet down from kicking the first person in the head who tries to touch you. Best care to you. Make sure they give you good antibiotics and that does not mean a Z pak, something stronger. Take care. Mental  It could be BV (Bacterial Vaginosis)  You might want to go to a doctor to see what's going on. Although a virus can last up to a week or 2, it's a good idea to get a check up if it hasn't gone away in a few days. If it really is a virus the B.R.A.T. diet is known to work. Bananas, rice, applesauce and toast. Feel better!  If there in the building next to u and u can just smell it u r fine.if they were in your house and in one of your bedrooms with the door open and smokeing it a lot yes u absolutely could get a 2nd hand high a bit.but with them in the next building u r fine.if your still worried a bit take a pen and paper and write down how u feel and what u do 20 minutes after smelling it.like r u extra happy and laughing a lot and easy and for no real reason? R u starting to feel tired all the sudden? R really hungry all the sudden and go make a big plate of something? And take note of your kids as well . But truly I am telling u with them in the next building and u just being able to smell it u r fine.u would have to actually inhale some smoke even if just faintly to get high.and being able to just smell it does not mean u will get high.weed has a very strong oder when smoking it yes but also just by its self.I live In a bad area and I can walk past this one area on any day and smell weed Bella strong.and it's not cause there smirking it.it's just cause there growing a kinda large amount.I mean the smell goes for at least a block or more ha.so no u won't get high from your neighbors smokeing it next store and u just being able to smell it  As it was your own fecal matter and not someone elses, I wouldn't worry too much. Blow your nose real well and maybe rinse with some water. It should take care of itself naturally. However, if the inside of your nose gets very sore or infected or you think you had an open cut in your nose that the fecal matter could have gotten into speak to your doctor  Not sure what kind of cancer but why do you automatically assume it's cancer? Many things can cause smelly urine, from what you are eating and drinking to a UTI or bladder infection. (I work with patient's urine everyday at work) It could even be that you aren't drinking enough fluids. Please don't jump to conclusions and see your doctor if you are really concerned.  There are several over the counter douches you can use, but I would  It can be mouth wash. Some mouth wash has some strong alcohol in it and cause my co worker smelled like it and it's because of the mouthwash she used. It smell fresh at first, but then it gives you that after smell like you been drinking if haven't had anything to eat or drink that morning.  I have heard that a lot of ppl get pregnant on this specfic bc. The best way to know if you are pregnant is go ahead and take a test if it is negative try again in two weeks.  Usually anti psychotic drugs have serious side effects, just stop taking them (Depends of the amount of pills you take please reduce it slowly and let your doctor knows that you are planning to leave them). Considering that anxiety can be just a mild stress situation. It can be treated with alternative medicine (natural) instead. I know the odor coming from your nose and mouth can be produce by the anti-acids you probably take for your stomach. Please leave these OTC as well, I will suggest to find out what it triggers your anxiety and to learn about your condition, might be better option and easier way to fight anxiety. If you look for professional help, get a holistic doctor. You might also get into a eating regimen, avoid foods that will upset your stomach. eg. Pizza, tomato sauce, chocolate, orange juice.Instead eat rice, oatmeal, almond milk they will sooth the lining of your tummy. Regarding your depression I am sure is associated with all of this medication pills for anxiety and anti-acid relievers that are affecting your gut where we find our neurotransmitters, if we lack our system to produce this important chemicals we are going to feel somehow sad and tired. It is very crucial that if you do all this changes, do it progressively and exercise at least three times a week. Remember we have to remove toxicities from our body, medications stays in your system for a long period. Be patient.  it may be your body trying to regulate its self, i would wait a week and than take another test, if that comes back negative and still no sign of your period i would see your doctor for a blood test.  Sounds like postnasal drip. You either have a virus or its allergies. Think of it like a runny nose that drips down your throat. Can be pretty discomforting to the stomach as well.  what did you eat !!!! sometimes the food can have an effect whatever the reason i think there is no dangerous about that so dont worry  I have been taking Percacet for neck and back pain, I am required periodically to have a urine test at the doctors office to verify that I am taking my meds. On 2 seperate times I have been taking one or two different kinds of anibiotics for an oral problem where my dentist opened my sinus passage when he pulled a tooth and my urinalisis came back negative for the percacet and I know I am taking the meds but now my doctor doesnt trust me but this has only happened when I have been on antibiotics. Can these perscription antibiotics be causing the negative result for the percacet? Thank you for any assistance you can give me. I am a 50 year old male, three major neck surgeries,degenerative bone disease in my lower back with a buldging disk, also on high blood pressure meds and water pill that makes me go to the bathroom approx 25 times a day, ropinarol for leg pain and amitriptaline to help sleep/depression...thank you.  this is otc but beeno helped me alot. it did alot better than gas x so if you haven't tried it try it.  Your dog could have a bladder infection. Strong smelling ammonia pee is a sign of a bladder infection. Look for signs of frequent urination. If so, your dog will need to see a vet. One other thing to keep in mind is that if your dog isn't spayed or neutered their urine tends to have that ammonia smell to it also.  What is a synovial cyst ?  chronic sinus infection  Hi there, I'd say wear loose clothing and non-constricting undies that allow airflow. Also, a good thing to use would be baby powder. The powder can absorb excess moisture as well as help with the smell. Also be sure to wipe with baby wipes after going number 2 just so the sweat smell doesn't mix in to that type of smell. Wash your body every day.  That can happen if you're eating a high-protein diet.  