There is a chance of implantaion so you may be pregnant  You are probably just spotting. It is completely normal.  I WAS TAKING PILLS BUT NOW DISCONTINUE BUT IT STOPS MY PERIODS ALTHOUGH I M NOT PREGNANT .HOW TO GET PERIODS AGAIN?  It could just be that you're ovulating. During Ovulation some women bleed it is heard that if you bleed during ovulation you're one of the most fertile. If it's only been for a few days I wouldn't worry too much but still take a test just in case. Although you did already have your period so you shouldn't be pregnant unless you had sex after your period. Just take a test I'm sure there's nothing to worry about.In case you're still worried though I'd recommend clear blue test it's easier to read.  OH! and btw don't stress as it prolongs your period.  See a doctor.  It is possible that you are pregnant. If you want to be sure, take a home pregnancy test or make an appointment with your doctor. If the home test comes back negative, you may want to see your doctor anyways just to make sure everything is okay.  I had preeclampsia with my son. All it took was a urine test for them to identify. You swell up all over too with it and my face was very swolen when they induced my labor. They check the amount of protein in your urine and if you have too much of it they run about two more urine tests where you pee in a bucket thing for 24 hours cause if it goes up so high you have to be induced for the danger it does you and the baby. Mine wasn't allowing Sky to gain weight and he was already practicing breathing for labor at 34 weeks. They induced me at 35 weeks and he was 4 lbs 2 oz when we left. When I had preeclampsia I felt hot all over and dizzy. Especially when I showered or stood for very long. The point is though, is that I was having the symptoms of preeclampsia for months before it came on full force, symptoms like yours. The best thing that you can do is rest and rest a lot. Stress brings it on, that's how mine came on so you just need to not worry about it because they check your urine and every time you have an appointment that's one of the things they check for. As long as you don't have a high enough protein count in your urine you should be okay. When I had Sky mine was so bad I couldn't see him until the next morning at I had him at 4:13 p.m. All you can do is take it easy. They'll let you know if you get into the danger zone that's one thing they check for every time you pee in the little cups they give you. I really hope this settles your fears. Stress brings it on so try and relax for now.  It could be a number of things. My experience has been overly stressed and worked out due to my job being physically demanding causing a late period. There could be a possibility that you're pregnant and your levels wouldn't be high enough to make a positive read. I had that happen my first pregnancy and had to take another test 2 weeks later and then came out positive. Your best bet is to put it in the back of your mind for now so you don't stress yourself out thinking about it. It's a 50/50 chance of going either way. You're pregnant or your period has delayed for a bit.  Did you have unprotected sex between your last period and this one? Are you stressing a lot? Those are things you have to look at first. Pregnancy shouldn't be the first thing people think about when it comes to late, missed or Spotting periods. Stress, being over weight, medication and a change in physical activity can also cause changes in your periods. If you are still unsure see your OB/GYN. I wish you the best. God Bless.  thank you for that but sex has been the same since im living with my bf  I would say try taking another test. I read that sometimes it's better to take another test a week after the neg test  Unprotected intercourse at the time of ovulation can result in pregnancy. This is the most likely time of the month to get pregnant and this time frame is called a 'fertilty window'. After being released through ovulation, an egg lives for 12- 24 hours. Sperm can survive for three to five days. What this means is that pregnancy is possible with unprotected intercourse even before ovulation.The reason for this ?: Sperm released during sex 2-3 days prior to ovulation can survive until after ovulation. This can result in fertilization and pregnancy In someone that is sexually active, not having a period is one of the most common signs of pregnancy. The simpliest way to determine if she is pregnant is a home pregnancy test which should be confirmed with an office visit and laboratory testing.  First of all do not panic. There are a number of reasons that could explain a late period. Sometimes your menstrual cycle can get a little nifty and change its times and dates. If you are feeling like you normally do when you have your period then you are most likely to start it properly any time soon.Sometimes you may get the same side effects of your usual period and a little spotting up to a whole week before you actually begin. However this is no reason for you to worry, its nothing unusual and it does not mean that there is something wrong with you. I understand you say that you are 100% positive and certain that you can not be pregnant however I still must include as much as I can to help you and provide you with the necessary information. So if you have had sexual intercourse since your last period whether it was protected or not then I recommend that if you still have not started your period a week after it is supposed to be due then to take a pregnancy test just to be on the safe side. However it is not only pregnancy that can prevent you from receiving your period. There are other possible ways and I will list them here for you. If you do not believe that any of these reasons can explain your late/missed period then I strongly advise you to arrange an appointment with your GP as only he/she will be able to give you a definite answer. Until then please do not worry yourself just wear protection incase you do begin and just carry on as normal.  Yes it happened to me and I now have a 22yr old son! Get checked  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  From my own personal experience, stress can cause your period to be off, and could cause some early spotting. Honestly, from stress, I have not had my period start on the same day for two months in a row and I have also had it skip months before as well. Also not all HPT are accurate. I would suggest that you go to your dr and either have them do the urine test or the blood test to make sure.  I am having the same problem right now and trying to get answers. None of them seem to have any of the answers... I want to know if you can have irregular periods if you are having sex..  You ask a very good question, and I wish I had a very good answer. Unfortunately, a very early term miscarriage might be almost impossible to detect. At only one to two weeks, the embryo is so small it may easily be shed with the lining of the uterus and look exactly like a normal period. Your home pregnancy test also could have given a false poairicw, which is rare but happens. With the conflicting test results you report, I would think you probably were not pregnant. You don't say if you are/were using hormonal birth control (like the pill), but this also could cause problems with both the home pregnancy test reading and the weird, one-day period. Nevertheless, if you were hoping for a baby and believe you lost it, I am very sorry for your loss. Sometimes the medical facts matter less than our feelings. If you are feeling sad about possibly losing a baby, don't hesitate to lean on friends for support. You have a right to grieve. Wishing you well.  We women get to deal with a lot of weird body stuff, don't we? I'm sorry you're feeling anxious about this and want to reassure you your symptoms sound typical for . However, whenever a woman begins having irregular periods, it's a good idea to see a health care provider to determine what's really causing them. It could be perimenopause, but it could also be fibroids, hormone imbalances, or even pregnancy. Remember: You may still be fertile during perimenopause. Irregular periods definitely can be part of the perimenopause experience. Women may experience heavier periods than usual, lighter periods than usual, skipped periods, or spotting between periods. These changes are caused by the gradual decline in estrogen produced by the ovaries. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your gynecologist to talk about what you're experiencing. Your gynecologist also can give you information about what to expect as you progress through perimenopause and into complete menopause. That will set your mind at ease, as your body changes continue throughout this part of life. Best wishes to you!  The spotting probably is normal, but if it would set your mind at ease then by all means call your doctor. In terms of the fatigue, your doctor is right: It's probably normal. Every person recovers from surgery differently. Some people bounce back very quickly; others take longer. Much of this depends on your health status before surgery. To help get your strength back, be sure to drink plenty of fluids and eat a healthy, well-balanced diet that includes an appropriate number of calories and includes fresh vegetables and fruits, protein, whole grains, and healthy fats. You'll find some great information in . Hope this helps!  I'd suggest you take another . And do it first thing in the morning, when your urine is most concentrated. Your spotting could, indeed, be . Or it could be the arrival of your period. Only the home pregnancy test can tell for sure! If you take another pregnancy test that comes up negative but you fail to have a regular period, I suggest you consult a gynecologist to find out what's going on. A number of factors could cause you to skip a period and yet not be pregnant. Your gynecologist can sort through the possibilities and figure out what's going on. Wishing you all the best for a positive test!  This isn't necessarily abnormal. It's possible your ovaries have mounted a "last gasp" of hormone production on a low level that has caused you to experience a mini-period. However, this type of bleeding also can be a sign of something more serious. For that reason, I strongly recommend you visit your gynecologist for an exam. Your gyn can tell you if everything's OK or if you would be wise to have some additional testing done. Your gyn also can see if the problem is simply thinning of the vaginal wall due to decreased estrogen, in which case he or she can prescribe a cream to help relieve the bleeding and/or discomfort. Hope this helps!  I have had friends that have missed several periods for many reasons including low weight, obesity, hormonal imbalance, menopause, cysts, and tumors. It's best to see a gynecologist to make sure the more severe of those options are not the cause.  hi.....  Possibly,best is to have your urine check with over the counter pregnancy test ,then call your OB-gyne(Female MD) for further confirmation of above issue.  This same thing happened to me . At first it wasn't heavy but there was enough blood to see, and then after 2 or 3 days it was only when I wiped, not even enough to wear anything and be waistful. I have also been craving things, sleeping, my fallopian tubes are hard, etc.  Yes. It's a little tricky and that's why some women don't know they're pregnant until they're further along because they take it as a light period. Take a test and find out.  Hello there! I would suggest taking a pregnancy test. I know that you can have a light pink display "if" you are pregnant and dizziness. However it could be that you are just late. I'm very regular too. However; things can effect your period such as stress, or if you live with another female or have a close friend your cycles will shift closer to theirs mostly by a week. Are you trying to get pregnant? Just curious. Let us know how it turns out!  It is possible you are pregnant. Generally, a woman will ovulate 14 days after the onset of her period. It is during ovulation that a woman can get pregnant. If you started your period on Oct. 6 and add 14 days to that, it comes out to Oct 20, the day you had intercourse. I would recommend you go to your local pregnancy resource center or to your doctor to have a pregnancy test. That is the only way you can be sure if you are pregnant. J.M. Hatfield Former client advocate and board member of My Choices Medical Resource Center, Clallam County, WA  Most of the evidence for bleeding problems happens on the medications -- not after discontinuing them. My best guess is that the antidepressants are not the direct effect of the after-menses spotting. If you are also using birth control pills, traveling across time zones can make pills late/early, which contributes to spotting. A new sexual partner can initiate chlamydia, which causes spotting. If the spotting persists, I would see your GYN for follow up.  ...There are a variety of possible explanations for sudden onset spotting on DepoProvera: 1. New infection with Chlamydia--this is less likely unless you have a new sexual partner, or a partner with multiple other partners. 2. Stress--many women using hormonal birth control (pills/patches/ring/shot) have had an apparent correlation between life stress and spotting on their birth control method. I have also seen this occur in a couple of my postmenopausal patients. Yet there are no good studies in the medical literature on this phenomenon. If there is a connection between life stress and the adrenal gland hormones that can be converted to weak estrogens that might be a trigger for breakthrough bleeding. 3. "Normal" effects of the DepoProvera shot on the lining of the uterus--Simply stated, if the uterine lining is like grass or lawn, estrogen is like the fertilizer (causes a thickening of the lining), and progesterone is like the lawnmower (keeps the lining thin by three different mechanisms). This is why DepoProvera (high dose synthetic progesterone) brings about a thin lining, and why birth control pills (relatively progesterone dominant) bring about shorter, lighter periods. If the lining of the uterus gets very thin it can prompt more breakthrough bleeding. Since it has been a month of constant spotting I would urge you to return to the GYN or clinic who administers your DepoProvera. They can check for infections (if needed) and can give you a more "for sure" answer about the spotting. If someone is having very heavy breakthrough bleeding a short course of low dose estrogen pills can sometimes terminate the spotting. ...  ... Yes, some women do experience spotting with heavy exercise. This can represent either a less stable lining of the uterus or polyps/fibroids. Let's look at both possibilities. An unstable lining of the uterus can arise from hormonal forms of birth control (e.g. pills/patch/ring/shot). It can also happen if the woman has an overly thickened uterine lining. A too-thick lining can develop if the woman is missing ovulations, is perimenopausal, and/or is very heavy set. Classically, a too thick lining will also suggest itself if there are erratic or very heavy menstrual periods. The presence of uterine fibroids or polyps of the uterine lining can also make a normal sized lining be easier to have spotting. Classically there may be spotting between periods or after intercourse. Bottom line, if the spotting persists, or increases, you should see your GYN or local family planning clinic for follow up. There is no overt reason for you to stop your planned running--unless it prompts increased bleeding.  Spotting before your flow begins is not uncommon. As soon as you take your last active pill the hormone levels begin to drop. Generally it takes about 72 hours for the levels to drop sufficiently to produce a "menstrual-like" flow, but some spotting can begin as the the levels are dropping. The dark brown color simply reflects the scant amount of flow. A slow, scant flow has a longer exposure to oxygen creating the darkened color. Now, the birth control pill (BCP) period which starts a week early is a different issue. That would be considered BCP breakthrough bleeding--also known as poor cycle control. This is all too common among hormonal birth control users. Fortunately it does not impact your contraceptive protection, but it is a hassle. If you have several months of poor cycle control you can see your GYN or clinic for follow up. Sometimes a switch of BCP brand or formulation can be helpful. If it stays stable (e.g. bleed always arrives a week early) that would be OK, but if it is moving around all over the pill pack that would be inconvenient.  Yes, it is fine to have sex during the spotting episodes, unless it makes the pain/cramping worse. If the spotting only occurs midcycle then one would wonder if it was peri-ovulatory spotting due to the abrupt estrogen spike and decline at that time. If the spotting becomes more prevalent, or the pain more marked, you should return to your GYN for follow up.  ... IF you are using some type of hormonal birth control this might represent prolonged break through bleeding. Erratic bleeding on birth control can be started if one gets an infection such as chlamydia (e.g. from new sexual partner or a partner with other partners). If you are not using hormonal birth control then the most common reason for erratic and prolonged bleeding (once an accidental pregnancy has be ruled out) is a hormonal change. Usually this change is linked to a missed ovulation in the month or months before the abnormal bleed. Causes for not ovulating are multifold: thyroid problems, pituitary problems, ovarian cysts, physical stressors (e.g. sudden increases in exercise, crash dieting), emotional stressors (problems with parents or boyfriends/girlfriends, exams), increased body weight, anorexia, rotating shifts at work, etc.  There are a number of POSSIBLE explanations: 1. If you had a supracervical hysterectomy (cervix left in place), there is still enough glandular tissue (same as uterine lining) lining the cervix to respond to estrogen from HRT, or ovaries left in place. 2. If you have known endometriosis, there are case reports in the literature of endo growing into the scar at the back of the vagina where the cervix was removed. 3. If your ovaries are gone and you are using no estrogen, the vaginal tissues can become so thin and fragile that they can bleed. In this same scenario, a prolapsed urethra can cause spotting when the delicate tissues are rubbed by under wear. 4. If your surgery was for cancer there is a VERY remote chance that the bleeding is from a return of the cancer 5. Ten years post-surgery is probably too long a time for there to be granulation tissue at the site of the scar in the back of the vagina. This is a more common problem sooner after surgery. In your specific case my best GUESS would be either a sudden spike in estrogen due to perimenopause (#1) or very thin vaginal tissues (#3) if you have already, silently, passed through menopause. ...I would recommend that you see your GYN to see if there is an obvious source of the spotting. Having examined patients with concerns similar to yours I would have to say that sometimes we are never able to find out what prompted that isolated bleeding incident.  Some bleeding can occur while taking birth control pills. You should definitely continue taking them and not the placebo. If you have recently been prescribed an antibiotic, you should also use a different form of birth control while taking the antibiotic. Antibiotics can often cause your birth control pills not to be effective and cause an unwanted pregnancy. Bleeding while taking birth control, especially if you just started taking them recently is completely normal, it is called "break through bleeding" and can occur at all times during your cycle of taking your birth control pills but do not stop taking them, continue taking them as directed every day, preferably at the same time every day.  Some women need to be very careful during the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. Spotting could be a sign of miscarriage.  yes, it can   If you suspect you are pregnant then you should see a doctor to confirm or even try taking one of the many pregnancy tests. Everyone is different when it comes to pregnancy, spotting, bloating, nausea, hot flashes, ect... If there is bleeding it usually is problematic and you need the help of a professional.  its your body shedding off old pieces of your uterus wall and any left over menstrual blood, its normal to have spotting and for it to look a reddish, brown color , but if it continues contact your physician.  Sounds like a possible STD, I would say, go see your gyno asap!  This happened to my sister before and her period and it got pretty serious she got a infection because the doctor said that their was a build up of dried blood that stayed inside her due to leaving her tampon inside her for a long time, I would recomened using a pad if this happens or getting yourself cleaned.  So are you getting a refill on the nuvaring? That seems like the first thing I'd do. For what it's worth, I use the NuvaRing to regulate my periods, b/c they were getting too heavy. Weird bad causes for the heavy bleeding were explored, ruled out, and then I got the NuvaRing as the treatment.  My daughter (who has not had a baby) has the mirena too. She was implanted about 1yr ago. Had heavy bleeding for the 1st few months with huge clotting. I actually would have to pull the clot out of her and took her to the dr with the samples. Now she only spots for few days - sometime with clots and sometimes no clots. I think since you stopped nursing your hormones are changing again and that why you started spotting. My daughter sometimes spots or has a period. I dont think anything is wrong. Soon your uterus will adj to the medication and your periods/spotting will go away. Thats what the dr informed us would happen w/my daughter. She loves the mirena for the most part. She doesnt like the thickened discharge or the spotting which comes and goes. She doenst have her period anymore just spotting. But its better than having a baby or hormones going through your whole body like the pill or depo. With the mirena the hormones are confined to just your uterus. You'll be fine - soon it will go away..it just take a litlle bit of time for your body to adj.  The best advice I can give you is to make a doctor appointment and have them do a blood test and Hcg urine test just to be sure pregnancy did not or did occur either way.  Personally i never spotted. I just missed my period and then got a positive pregnancy test. from the sounds of it looks like you could be and it might be too early for a pg test. try again in a couple days. If you are trying to conceive then i hope for your BFP! good luck!!  Very much so! You can be pregnant and still have your period. I did for the first 4 months. I'd no idea I was pregnant until I went to my doctors for feeling run down and bloated and I'm a doctor!! When my doctor told me I was pregnant I was so surprised I said, like a dope, wow, I wonder how that happened? He gave me a look which made me feel about 2" high! I thought I had the flu and here he tells me I have the 9 month flu! Should have seen my husbands face as we had needed fertility medication to get our first child and now God just blessed us with one and we were through the first trimester without all that worry too so some things can be a blessing in the long run. I'm sure you've read about women who actually deliver and never knew they were pregnant (or at least that's what they say, I've had 4 sons and I've no idea how you could not know you are pregnant once the little one starts tap dancing on your insides! Mine wouldn't even let me read in bed. I would prop the book on my stomach as I really had nowhere else to prop it and holding it in mid air that high would have made my arms ache but as soon as the baby felt the book on my abdomen he would kick at it, bounce his feet off it and try to get it off of my stomach by any way possible. It really was funny but after a while a little annoying too! Be Well, Aylagh MacAnnadh, M.D.  If you have been regular about taking the pill, and have been on it for some time, you shouldn't need to be worried. No birth control is 100%, but missing a day shouldn't typically be a cause for concern.  Could be a kidney infectin  The symptoms you describe can be signs of early pregnancy. I have no way of knowing if this is it or what your GP suggests, which is also a possibility. A few days after conception, the fertilized egg attaches itself to wall of the uterus. This can cause one of the earliest signs of pregnancy -- spotting and, sometimes, cramping. That's called implantation bleeding. It occurs anywhere from six to 12 days after the egg is fertilized. The bleeding and cramps, however, are slight. Here's more information on pregnancy symptoms  A standard miscarriage no matter blood type is very painful, and bloody. I had a miscarriage, and it was excruciating. I also with 2 normal full term pregnancys had spotting for sometimes days at a time evertime my husband and I had sex. We were very nervous the first few times. The best thing that you can do with this pregnancy and any others you may have, is to keep close contact with your docs office. Get a good O/B, and follow up regularly. If you have the RH blood type, they will immediatly begin medical attn on that, and will require a difference in the routine check ups. Good Luck, and take care of yourself, and that little person growing in you.  i had the same thing happen to me while pregnant. my daughter is 1 now and perfectly healthy. you have to remember your body is sensitive now since you are pregnant. sex will make you bleed some times. you may even cramp. as long as it is light spotting or just a little blood you will be fine. when to worry would be heavy bleeding, no movement, and pain so bad you cant stand upright. i promise you will be ok :)  by the way i am RH negative also. you will get a shot soon to protect you and the baby  Hi Thought of having e test done yet? it would help you get over the problem of worrying, either an HPT or best at your doctors. So sexually active! never thought of getting on something in the way of BC or thinking never me. There's the pill, the implant the ring, the cap or IUD, but not depo shot just to many side effects, but all there to help stop this, unless your trying to get pregnant that is? Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK it can be possible for you to get pregnant from anytime of the month if your one of those women, others it has to be the right day time and so on, its toss a coin time. Did you not think of plan B, so simple take a pill, trouble gone. You will need to wait to see if your next period comes, if not then the time to do a test. Good Luck  Hi If you think its the change, or the menopause? Yes sorry but the only way would be a blood test for your hormones, that would tell all. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sorry for not getting back to, but this never got to me, just found it, for me, I would say go get tested either and HPT or at you doctors. Look you have not said, but are you or at the time you had unprotected sex, was you on any kind of meds, these can lower the effect of BC. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See My Second Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, your first stop, google depo shot side effects, you should find your answer there, once you do you may decide its your last shot. Good Luck  Hi So did you get your period yet? if no then now is the time to do a test, if yes then the odds are your not pregnant, but it is possible to have a sort period and still be pregnant, but you would still need to do that test either and HPT or better still at your doctors, if its negative then see him/her about your spotting problem. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi No pads would be best for that long, but you should really go see your doctor, this is one of the not nice the side effects of depo shot. Please go see your doctor or gyno ASAP Good Luck  Hi No its not normal you should see either your doctor or gyno, blood tests would help, to see if your hormones could be out of whack, or you could also be pregnant, periods can happen why your pregnant. But see how your tests go. And if your not pregnant could be a good time to get on BC as the pill could straighten out your periods, and get you back on track. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If the first date was 7/31, and you had unprotected sex around the 8/11 or 8/12, then you could be pregnant, you will have to wait to see if you miss your next period, if you do then would be the time to get a test done either an HPT or at your doctors. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Trapped wind will make you feel bloated. Look as it broke on you ovulation day you would have been OK, first, your egg will only live two days at best, and second, any sperm getting through would have taken 3 days to reach your womb and the now dead egg. So are you pregnant? Good Luck  Hi So have you been having unprotected sex then? not on any kind of BC pill then? if you don't want to get pregnant then you should be worried. So its a bit early I would wait till its around the first day of your next period, if you do miss it then, you get a test done, either an HPT or do one at your doctors Of course by then you may not have any finger nails, all part of the waiting game. Good Luck  Hi, OK from info around, "periods" one says just live with it these odd periods and they should just stop, so your life just becomes normal again, time span, not short, and the other choice is get it removed. But gynos think its the best choice to have for BC. End of the day its your call. Good Luck  Hi Well your past the time the experts say you should not be on the BC pill during conception, so just stay on them till you get tested, which I hope your planning to do ,, as your now nearly 3 weeks late. Who knows it could be just a skipped period? But until you have your test I would stay on your BC pills, just in case your not, because if your still having unprotected sex you could soon be. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The best suggestion would just forget depo shot, most women who get this just come off it and find another BC, this problem you have now wont go away. Just google depo shot side effects, that's should put the frights up you. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi The best suggestion would just forget depo shot, most women who get this just come off it and find another BC, this problem you have now wont go away. Just google depo shot side effects, that's should put the frights up you. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Google bv and sea salt, you will be amazed at the answers you will find, and not a drug insite. Good Luck  Hi, See The Above Answer.  Hi I think your in the transition period by what your saying, a blood test of your hormones we tell the whole story. But have a read of this WebMD link it may help decide how things for you are going. The link http://www.webmd.com/menopause/guide/guide-perimenopause Do hope you find the answer you want and had some help. Good Luck  Hi, 1 just us pads, 2 get off depo shot, 3 go see your doctor ASAP, a 3 month period is not good for you. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you was in England I would say go see your midwife, son it would something similar or your obstetrician, perhaps a scan will help you, as you feel no more kicking. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi If I'm right that's if you have 28 day periods, that your 6 days late give or take a couple of days, if that is the case then go get a pregnancy test done, either an HPT or better still go see you doctor. If you have been have unprotected sex then this will happen, and also why BC was invented. Do hope things pan out the way you want. Good Luck  Hi Look sorry for this late reply at a time when you really need some help. But for me sex in the pool was not the cause of this problem , but if you have not done it, bed rest would be good for you, and just take things easy. It could be something or nothing, but just in case its a miscarriage these things do happen, if so it means your body sense something was not right, but just hoping for you it was nothing. Bed rest. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Know doubt this is red spotting, if so, that means its fresh blood, if that's the fact then you should go see you doctor or gyno ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Being obese could be your downfall, carrying the extra fat disrupts your hormones, and this upsets you Testosterone, hence upsets your periods. Best you get yourself on a good diet, get to a weight for what should be your normal frame. If you look around your be able to find yourself a good on line weight tracker, your find doing this is a great help. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The first question anyone would ask is do you fill pregnant or mumsy? Have you thought of seeing a gyo perhaps he or she could come at you from another angel to your problem of no periods, as your showing negative? Do you remember if you had unprotected sex 3 or 4 days after your last period? this would put you in the time frame for getting pregnant. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well have just had something inserted in you uterus so this could have upset you womb that could be the reason of the absence of your period. But waiting the 8 days were right for not having unprotected sex, so your OK there, but your periods do wain after 3 months and should be gone by the year after fitting. Sop sounds like your OK Good Luck  Hi, Sometimes vaginal dryness and atrophy due to low oestrogen levels can cause spotting and pain vaginally. If it turns out that is the problem, then there is lots of hope... there are several great very low dose vaginal oestrogen products out there that will help those tissues heal, or you can go see your doctor. Do hope this is of some help. Good Luck  Hi So she should have had her period between the 3rd and 5th, and you both had unprotected sex on the 4th, so what makes you think she pregnant, day 1 of her cycle, period, day 14 or about then is her ovulation day and all being well around day 28 her new period starts. OK if you had sex on day 13 then she could have gotten pregnant, but not around the day of her period, unless she has a very odd system. Could be that she has just skipped her period, it can happen. Hope this helps you both. Good Luck PS I would carry more condoms or get her on some kind of BC if all's well, but not depo shot, the side effects a can be very bad.  Hi Yes you should be concerned, get to your doctor, and get seen to by him/her for your condition. Here's a link you should read, it may help. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/postmenopausal-bleeding-or-spotting/Pages/Introduction.aspx Good Luck  Hi Any bleeding after the menopause, you should see your doctor. Good Luck  Hi with the bright red spotting I think you should see your gyno, best to be safe than sorry. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If your talking about depo shot,1 it would depend how long you have been on it. 2 just google periods after depo shot, might make your mouth drop open, some have been as long as 2 years. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do is go see your doctor, have a blood test that will tell all. Good Luck  Hi Do you not have a walk in clinic you can get to, I think these work on a sliding scale for charges, see if you can get some tests done. Possible the best way to go for you. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First it would be best if you google depo shot side effects, you may find your answer there, but if tis keeps happening, just come off it, perhaps when you read through the side effects you may just do that. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK you know how your cycle goes? Day 1 first day of your period, day 14 should be ovulation day, day 21 is implantation day, the day you get some spotting( so this bit you should have had) on to day 28 which if you have is normal cycle is the end of it and back to day1. So your saying that you have missed your period and now 15 days past that? Yes. Then your 6weeks and a day pregnant? Do we take you have had a pregnancy test done? So your ovarian-cyst, have a look at this link its from the UKs NHS you should find it interesting, as it covers ovarian-cysts but right down the bottom of the part you should read. http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/ovarian-cyst/pages/introduction.aspx Just copy into google to the www. To open and read. But this bleeding could be the beginning of a miscarriage, you do have to take that as a maybe, but its not normal to be getting some bleeding at this stage. I would think of seeing your doctor ASAP. Good Luck  Hi According to this piece of info, around 6 days ago. Ovulation usually takes place roughly 14 days after the first		day of the start of a period; however, the exact timing can vary greatly from		woman to woman. Some women know when they are ovulating because they can feel a		slight pain in their lower abdomen. Other women may bleed slightly in the		middle of their cycle. Info from http://www.netdoctor.co.uk One thing to remember is it takes male sperm 3 days to reach your womb, so you need to add this in when your trying to get pregnant. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Then go back and see your doctor, ASAP Good Luck  Hi Is this spotting fresh blood, being very red? is so you could be having a problem, I would go see a gyno, and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi Well two things I can think of are, small amounts of blood, or spotting, between periods, and lighter periods, both of these are side effects. Just see how things go for the next couple of moths, but you should settle into a pattern. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You need to google depo shot side effects, I think your find all your answers there, but depo shot throws up a lot of problems for some women, may be best you make this your last one, find some other form of BC. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do for yourself is either see your doctor or gyno, either will be only to pleased to ease your mind, but do things right, this would be right for you. Get a blood test at the same time, never know could be the start of your menopause, the blood test would show how your hormones are doing, a good pointer for the menopause. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Why your spotting brown you should not have to many worry's, its when you spot red with cramping, that would be the time to worry and seek medical help. Do hope this clams you. Good Luck  Hi Sorry, my brain picked up on depo, and you do know about that. Did some research on a couple of forums, but you did not say how long you have been on it, but it seems most are on it 6 to 9 month? Getting your period, seems some are 3 to 4 months and waiting, one her doctor said to go back at 6 months if not started, and there is talk about Clomid, it a fertility drug. So hope this helps better. Good Luck  Hi As your 5 days pass your period date then go get a test done, either an HPT or at your doctors, its the only real way to find out. Good Luck  Hi, The best thing you can do is see your doctor or gyno for some help or guidance to what you need to do. Good Luck  Hi I think the thing to do is wait to see if your period dose come at the right time, if not then do an HPT or a pregnancy test at your doctors. Brown blood means its old blood. See how it goes. Good Luck  Hi If one has been having unprotected sex, one could be a tad pregnant, best you get some tests done ASAP Good Luck  Hi As you have not put just where you are in your cycle, so makes it hard, but this is something for your doctor or gyno, would be best. Good Luck  Hi, Some more info would have helped, but try this piece of info, it may help? was this from wiping? brown blood and pink tinges are okay, but bright red gushes are a bigger concern. Still, red without cramps might not mean anything, either. If need be try bed rest. Any help. Good Luck  Hi Your problem could be from Plan B, it does tend to through periods off for some time, this could be the reason for you having a lighter period. But if your still worried go see your doctor and get a pregnancy test done. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Try this just try taken the pills as they say, try it for 3 months, and see how it goes, this could be your problem, your not letting your body work the way it should. What your doing is what should be done for a holiday, so you don't get a period for only that time, then it back to normal, but 3 years! Good Luck  Hi, Most women with menorrhagia dont know that heavy bleeding is not normal  it is a recognized medical condition for which they can seek treatment. Many women think that bleeding heavily for 4 to 5 days or changing their pad every hour is something they have to live with. Sorry not American, but you do need help, there must be some kind of free clinic, or even the ER, they should not turn you away, even if its just for advice. But there must be something somewhere you can find medical help. Hope this helps. Good Luck PS Have a look at this link, http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/ive-had-my-period-three-straight-months just copy into google to read it.  Hi, Most women with menorrhagia dont know that heavy bleeding is not normal  it is a recognized medical condition for which they can seek treatment. Many women think that bleeding heavily for 4 to 5 days or changing their pad every hour is something they have to live with. Sorry not American, but you do need help, there must be some kind of free clinic, or even the ER, they should not turn you away, even if its just for advice. But there must be something somewhere you can find medical help. Hope this helps. Good Luck PS Have a look at this link, http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/ive-had-my-period-three-straight-months just copy into google to read it.  Hi Its normally done around what would be the first day of your next period, if you miss it. Any help. Good Luck   Hi Its normally done around what would be the first day of your next period, if you miss it. Any help. Good Luck  Hi Apart from the discharge, the rest of your problems could relate to early menopause, the only way you can sort that bit out would be to get a blood test done, this would show were your hormones are, its were your hormones are that will tell you whole you doing. The discharge may just be from your last period. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, They call it abnormal vicinal bleeding has many possible causes. By itself, it does not necessarily indicate a serious condition. I would just keep going with your BC and see how things go on your next cycle for now. But any more problems like this one see your doctor or gyno. Good Luck  Hi If you spotting one day and go into full flow the next day. Then the spotting would be your first day, its part of your cycle, that you seem to have each month.OK Good Luck  Hi Yes its quite possible for some women to go through there whole pregnancy having periods, its just one of the quirks of nature. But like yours only light periods. Just for that extra test to make sure, go see your doctor. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I think you should get a pregnancy test, it is possible to have light periods and be pregnant. I think the would be a good place for you to start. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi No get back to your doctor, get a blood test done, you may find its stopped working. Good Luck  Hi Your first day is when the blood start to flow, not spotting. Most periods are 28 days, but if your from 24 days or up to 35 days, your still normal, and should be no mare than 4 to 5 table spoons. If your periods are heavy, see your doctor/gyno, there is help. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Well you either have a problem that you should see your doctor/gyno about, or its just a small hi-up in you cycle, so its either to the doctor/gyno, or wait and see how it progress's. Good Luck  Hi, If I was you, I would not be sitting around looking for answers, you would best getting off to your gyno, and let him/her try and sort out your problems, seems something is amiss. Good Luck  Hi OK Just relax and read, Some women who take EC may experience light vaginal bleeding. This will typically end within three days of taking the medicine. If it does not, or if the bleeding becomes heavier, contact your health care provider. The bleeding may be a sign of a more serious problem. So go off and see your doctor or gyno ASAP Good Luck  Hi Look the best thing you can do is either see your doctor or gyno, its a bit to hard trying to just guess what you have wrong with you apart from somehow your periods are stuck or absent. Good Luck  Hi, Did you have the Mirena or the Copper IUD? Because of the major hormone change when the Mirena is removed your system will take a few months to get back to normal. Hormones are all ways a big problem doing this and missing a period would be considered normal if you had the Mirena. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just follow the link thats below, its all about your procedure Pomeroy tubal ligation, yopu just need to scroll down to you get to it it shows how its and the failure rate, which is very low. But what did your hsg show apart from what you said? But from what your saying I would say that your going into the menopause even at your early age, this could be that your body sees its now shut down so its doing the same. But please look at the link, http://www.glowm.com/section_view/heading/Surgical%20Procedures%20for%20Tubal%20Sterilization/item/399 Just copy into google to see it Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi It seems day 14 is ovulation day no matter how long your period is, but also with this it can be give or take a day. But if your trying to get pregnant please just wait till things get settled, the length of time this takes all depends how long you was on BC, not being a party pooper, but you could be looking a year to get it right Hope this helps? no, but that's life on the good old BC. Good Luck  Hi If its coming like that, then I don't think your pregnant then, but do go get some help ASAP Please. Good Luck  Hi Ok you can do attest one day after a missed period, and your decidual bleeding is a sign that you could be pregnant. So till then Kiwi not a lot you can do but sit back and relax, and get hold of the guy who's the father of the child/baby and tell him, that's if your not married. Any help. Good Luck  Hi, Well for one thing it just cant be ovulation spotting, if so from just where would it be coming from? It must be that the polyp site still bleeding, try some sea salt baths for the next few days, twice a day, let the water get inside your vagina, it will help with the healing, don't use any oils or creams. You could also have a small rear from the sex, the baths will help this as well. After the sea salt treatment see how it goes. Next time you have sex use some extra lubrication, it should help. Good Luck  Hi, Well for one thing it just cant be ovulation spotting, if so from just where would it be coming from? It must be that the polyp site still bleeding, try some sea salt baths for the next few days, twice a day, let the water get inside your vagina, it will help with the healing, don't use any oils or creams. You could also have a small rear from the sex, the baths will help this as well. After the sea salt treatment see how it goes. Next time you have sex use some extra lubrication, it should help. Good Luck  Hi Was this last sex a rough,. do you think you may have a small tear somewhere around the opening of you vagina? or around your urethra opening, this could account for the stinging when you urinate. As for the light headedness, had you just sat up quick? it can do that to you. Try this, it will help with this tear you may have, its a warm sea salt wash do this twice a day, it will help heal and clean the tear, just put half a handful of sea salt in your wash bowel, and give your vagina a wash with it, just see how it goes for a few days Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The first question would, have you been having unprotected sex then? If so I would go get a test done. Good Luck  Hi Then you should go see your doctor ASAP. Good Luck  Hi, Take it your not on BC? well the only thing you can do is get to your doctor and get a test done there, this way you will know for sure. Or it could be just a skipped period, these do happen. Good Luck  Hi Bright red means its fresh blood, I would get to your doctor or gyno ASAP Good Luck  Hi your find out all the info you need by going to the link below. The Link, http://contraception.about.com/od/prescriptionoptions/ht/skipperiod.htm Just copy into google to open and read Or just google this, can I use Nuvaring to skip a period its the first answer, its all there. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi When it was at its heaviest did you notice any kind of tissue in the clots? Some women don't even know that they have had a miscarriage, did you have a test that was positive before this happened? Or are you just gussing this was what you had? Good Luck  Hi Doc, look there is a problem, when I answered this there was no answer till I did my answer, if you answer dose not show then it wont, next time you do an answer if it does not show, hit the answer this again and do this, you just put Hi See Above Answer, preview and send, it then comes up. As your staff or so, see if you can get somebody to look at this problem, its been going on for months. tell them not to try an find on the main frame but from a home PC, but doing some trick questions and answering them, then it will show if they do around 10 or 12 of them. Many thanks Doc  Hi Try this it may help, During the third week after the first day of your last period, your fertilised egg moves along the fallopian tube towards the womb. The egg begins as a single cell, which divides again and again. By the time the egg reaches the womb, it has become a mass of more than 100 cells, called an embryo. Once in the womb, the embryo burrows into the lining of the womb. This is called implantation. Now by doing this it can cause some bleeding, so perhaps that is what your getting. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK Question, dose this ring slip off with this weight gain, or dose it stay in place the whole time? Please come back.  Hi Godchild, Been having unprotected sex then? or are you still the virgin? Stress will give you problems as your saying, could be just an upset stomach, you could be just having a missed period. But if your really worried and have been having sex, then there is always the chance of getting pregnant, if you have been then as you are now late then do a pregnancy test either an HPT or at your doctors. Any help here. Good Luck  Hi Get some blood test done, these should help you, to see were you are with the menopause. Good Luck  Hi First you have to remember not all women going through there menopause get tenderness, hot flush's or mood swings. My wife never, but a blood test for your hormones will tell you if you are, but then a blood test will also tell you if your pregnant, I think now may be a good time to get a blood test or a pregnancy home test. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If your not having periods, do I take it your either underweight or overweight, I would say from what you have written that your underweight? yes, if your not having periods then the chance is that you are producing eggs. Then the way lowers your chance of being pregnant. Would you say what is above is right?  Hi Most definitely. There is even a psychological disorder called phantom pregnancy in which your body will actually produce a false pregnancy -- ie. the hormone released in urine, the tender breasts, even the growing belly. If you stress about having symptoms of a pregnancy, odds are your brain will be alert for any and all symptoms that might confirm it. Therefore making you think you are pregnant.	 See what can happen, all for the sake of a condom and safe sex. Just remember if things are OK, safe sex, condoms, the BC pill, IUD, the cap, the ring. all there just for you both. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I think your find this is one of the side effects of depo shot, but if you google depo shot side effects, you should find what your looking for. But I will tell you something I would never let my daughter take it, you could have big troubles ahead, when you come off it and want to get pregnant, it will be tough. Good Luck  Hi Your best plan would be go get a blood test done from this your doctor can tell how your hormones are doing, and this would tell you were you are with the menopause. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I found this for you, it may help in your condition, ie I mean getting over your problem. Its from the UK NHS. How long it is advisable to wait before you try for another pregnancy will depend on your specific circumstances. Your doctor should be able to advise you when (or if) it will be safe to do so. In most cases it is recommended that you wait for at least two full menstrual cycles before trying for another pregnancy, as this will allow time for your fallopian tubes to recover. However, if you were treated with methotrexate, it is usually recommended that you wait at least three months. Nevertheless, many women are not emotionally ready to try for another pregnancy so soon. Your chances of having a successful pregnancy will depend on the underlying health of your fallopian tubes. In general, 65% of women achieve a successful pregnancy 18 months after having an ectopic pregnancy. Good Luck  Hi Your doctor or gyno would be your best bet, you need to be looked at, cant do that over a web page. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi To have breakthrough bleeding would be to late for Plan B, this would have meant you would have had unprotected sex over 7 days ago or more like 10 days to have got pregnant. All you can do now is wait it out to see if you miss your next period, if so then get a test done, that's about all you can do. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well you either start with your doctor, or gyno and get some tests done, but this is something you should been doing 18 months ago. But its your choice. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So why you paranoid and terrified then, you have done all the right things, so I think your ok. But ever thought of getting on the BC pill, if your going to play with fire (male sperm) then at some point you will get burnt, the BC pill will not let that fire start, get on it and you can stop all the playing around and giving your self all these frights. Please do the right thing. Good Luck  Hi This is from WebMD its the side effects, please read it, it should help you. Side Effects  Hi Confused, 9 years was a long time, your lucky that you have had some kind of period yet, to get right after so long could take up to 2 years. Just google depo shot side effects, or trying to get pregnant after depo shot, not saying you are trying to. but you will find lots of info by reading that one. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You really need to look at the side effects for depo shot, your find your not the only one, the best person you can go see would either be your doctor or gyno, but google depo shot side effects, there not good. Put it this way I would never let my daughter go on it, and the other end coming off it, it will take some time to get things back to normal. Hope this helps a small bit. Good Luck  Hi If your gyno put it in I would get back to him/her and tell him/her the problem your now getting, this would be best for you as this has been on going for 4 months. Good Luck  Hi If your that worried get off to your doctor or obstetrician ASAP. It could be a miscarriage. Good Luck  Hi Oldie, well if you saying its red blood that means it fresh blood, your find by doing a lot of reading, they always say any signs of red blood coming out of any orifice go see your doctor ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Its an awkward question to try and answer, as you wont know till you try, see below. Fibroid Symptoms: Pain during sex Fibroids that press on the cervix or hang through the cervix into the vagina can make penetrative sex painful and can also cause bleeding during sex. These symptoms, especially bleeding after sex, should never be ignored as they may be due to even more serious disease, such as growths in the cervix. Just take it slow and see how you feeling, just use lots of lubrication, this is so you get lots of slip. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your not on any BC apart from condoms, then you have been playing with fire, male sperm can be carried in pre-cum if you husband had ejaculated before having sex, his sperm would be in his urethra, and if you were having sex twice in the same night, the again same thing. All you can do is wait to see if your next period is missed and get a test done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have a read if this link from WebMD you may find it helpful. The Link http://women.webmd.com/guide/plan-b Do hope this helps you, if not get to your doctor. Good Luck  Hi Your find this is from your womb cleaning out, and can give you the same effects as your miscarriage. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  If you had a complete hysterectomy (uterus and cervix removed) then you should not have any vaginal bleeding. Hormone replacement therapy would not cause vaginal bleeding. It is very important that you see a gynecologist for an exam to determine where the bleeding is coming from because some sources of bleeding can be signs of cancer. Sometimes it is difficult for a woman to know where the blood is coming from - vagina, urethra (bladder), or anus. It may be something benign, like granulation (scar) tissue in the vagina or a urethral irritation. Regardless, see your doctor as soon as possible for an exam to rule out any serious cause.  Over the counter pregnancy tests are generally very accurate, especially when used after your a miss period. However, I would recommend that you see your doctor to determine why you have missed a period, especially since you usually have a regular cycle. Your doctor will probably do a blood pregnancy test and check some other blood work to make sure everything is okay.  Although everything is probably okay, any unusual bleeding should be reported to your doctor, especially given your history of large fibroids. Occasionally, women will have irregular bleeding, and it is not necessarily a sign of anything abnormal. But it could be related to infection, hormonal imbalance, pregnancy, polpys, etc. There are many potential causes that your doctor will evaluate.  It is very unlikely that you are pregnant if your period started the day after having unprotected intercourse. I am assuming that it was time for your period to start and that you have regular periods. If you have a normal 28 day cycle, you are most likely to become pregnant when you have unprotected intercourse approximately 2 weeks before you anticipate your period to start.  You could have a fibroid. Or you could be pregnant and in the process of miscarrying. I am not a doctor just have had friends that these were the dianoses when they experienced the same thing.  Yes you can, it's not the norm but for some like myself it may happen. I actually had a light period 4-5 months into all of my pregnancies which was attributed to having low level of HCG. All pregnancies were normal and the infants were fine but I did have bleeding while pregnant.  You should talk to your doctor about it to make sure there isn't an underlying medical condition. Some women do have very light periods, though. I used to work with a woman who never had more of a period than what you're describing and she had 3 kids.  I wouldn't worry. There are many factors that can through off a period. However, if it continues exactly the same for 2-3 more months, I would get an appointment with a OB-GYN. There could fibroids, ovarian cycts, the list is long.  Basically anytime that you have unprotected sex (the condom broke), you are capaple of getting pregnant, however, there are only a few days every month that you are ovulating. Two days before your period is not the time you would be expected to ovulate, so if you have a predictable, regular cycle, you are not likely going to get pregnant from this one isolated mistake. However, if there were other mistakes in the last month or so, then anything is possible. Wait another week or so and take another home pregnancy test, or see your medical provider for a more accurate pregnancy test and exam.  It is not very likely if the tubal ligation was successful, however, there have been cases where the tubes have reattached after surgery or the surgery was botched, but this is RARE; very rare. The tubal ligation is considered permanent sterilization. The only way to get pregnant after a tubal ligation is to have them surgically reattached or to have an in vitro procedure where a fertilized egg is implanted into your (healthy) uterus. There are many other reasons, other than a miracle pregnancy, for an irregular or late period, so if you are concerned, you would need to see your women's health care specialist. Sometimes, just making the appointment is enough to trigger a (late) period!  I am not an attorney, but if diagnostic mistakes were made, you may have a case. The most important thing for you to do right now, of course, is to focus on treating (and curing) your cancer. Filing or even winning a malpractice suit does not change the fact that you have a very serious disease that requires proper treatment.  Yes, women can spot on their birth control pills, depending on their particular dosage, etc. If this happens on a regular basis, your medical provider may need to make a dosage adjustment. Birth control pills offer excellent contraception. You are unlikely to be ovulating the day before your period, so pregnancy would be unlikely as well.  What is wrong is that you are not taking your (birth control) pills properly. Missing one by three hours is no big deal, but missing two pills in a cycle could trigger the spotting, especially if you are on a low-dose oral contraceptive (I don't know what you are taking). Spotting can occur even if you take your pills consistently, so consult the medical provider who is prescribing them for you for patient-specific advice. Sometimes, a minor change in dosage would be beneficial if this has happened before.  Of course. This is really the ONLY way to get a accurate diagnosis -- the reason for you vaginal odor and post-coital spotting. There can be many reasons....from infections to a retained tampon (assuming you use tampons). Get it checked out.  You will need to discuss this issue with your OB-GYN...someone who knows you and your case. I cannot blindly determine if this bleeding and cramping is "normal" after having sex, unless I had a way of determining the source of the blood. Your pregnancy is much too-important to rely on Internet advice, so please contact you OB today.  Based on a list of symptoms alone, there is really no way to blindly determine over the Internet if a person is pregnant or have "something more serious". You will need to have a hands-on examination with your primary care medical provider or your OB/GYN. You will most likely need some diagnostic blood tests or perhaps, even an ultrasound.  The vaginal area is very vascular, so even a tiny sex-related tear can cause some bright red bleeding. Since this can heal very fast, your GYN may not find the cause of the bleeding IF it was caused by minor trauma. Please keep in mind that there can be numerous other causes, including those related to your IUD placement, so it would be prudent to see your medical provider since this bleeding is a new phenomena for you.  Yes, the debut of sexual activity can cause tiny little tears or fissures in the delicate tissue in or at the entrance to your vagina....and these can bleed a bit. The only way to determine the exact source of this blood is to be examined, of course.  Pain with urination can be urethritis (irritation of the urinary opening) associated with sex....or a UTI (urinary tract infection). The spotting can be caused by numerous things, from minor sex-related trauma to menstrual spotting. Without an exam and a urinalysis, there is really no way to know conclusively the specific reason(s) for your symptoms. If you are still having symptoms, you will need to see a medical professional.  No...a flu vaccine will have no direct, adverse effect on your birth control injection, nor will it cause spotting.  Have your medical provider order a more-sensitive, at this point....and make an appointment for an examination.  Your birth control pills will also prevent pregnancy, something that I think you are definitely going to need if you continue with this risky sex-play, It is only a matter of time before you both decide to "go for it", so why not carefully plan for the inevitable? Spotting or a milky discharge can be many things, from a minor vaginal injury (from that rubbing) and your own vaginal mucous. It could be a yeast infection, if you are also having itching or irritation. See your medical provider if you are concerned. Ejaculation on or near the vaginal opening is a bit risky. While it is not very likely you got pregnant this time, since you are on the pill and the ejaculation was not vaginal, you want to really avoid as much live, viable sperm as you can. You really can't trust your partner during these heated moments of passion, so must make him use a condom, even if you have not consented to going "all the way". This will contain his semen. If you have a normal period and no signs of pregnancy, you won....this time, but please keep in mind that thiings could change. BE PREPARED and be pro-active.  You would not likely have ANY symptoms of pregnancy four days after sexual intercourse. I commend you on being on birth control for four months BEFORE having sex, but you do need to make your partner....and ANY male partner.....use condoms. Condoms not only add that extra layer of pregnancy protection, they help prevent sexually-transmitted diseases. You cannot trust a male partner who claims he did not ejaculate during sex....semen-laden sperm tends to leak out even if he did not ejaculate, so using condoms is a must at this point in your sexual life. Bleeding a bit after having sex for the first time is common, but this should quickly abate. The bleeding is often due to tiny tears to your hymen. Menstrual spotting is also not uncommon, even if you are on birth control pills, so consult your women's health care professional if you continue to have issues. Remember that YOU are in charge during sexual encounters, so YOU must set the rules: No condom. No sex. Period.  Frequency of urination and dysuria (pain on urination) are two signs of a urinary tract infection. Another would be blood in the urine, but since you are spotting, this may not be noticed or obvious. Since urinary tract infections can be caused by sexual activity and you have been trying to get pregnant, I think it would be wise to have a urinalysis and a urine culture. It may be a bit too early to see if you are pregnant.  There can be many reasons to have a light menstrual period or spotting while on the pill. It does not necessarily mean you are pregnant. Birth control pills, taken properly of course, are highly effective, so your chance of an unintended pregnancy is not very high. Can it happen? Yes, so if you are having any OTHER signs of pregnancy, a home pregnancy test or a visit to your gynecologist would be in something to consider.  Yes, spotting can be common on this form of birth control. It may improve with time, or you may continue to have spotting, in which case you may have to find a different hormonal birth control method.  The sperm doesn't even reach the egg for a day or two so a little spotting the next day is either the start of a period or the result of a little tiny tear. Definitely get yourself tested if that will help you feel better. Stress can also cause irregular periods, as can diet, so it's not just your weight. Best of luck!  Thank you so much for the response, i have an appointment with my gynecologist, and will know whats wrong with me. In the interim the bleeding has now stopped and its been a week this far.  it could be implantation bleeding. is there any chance that you could be pregnant? When the fertilized egg implants into the uterine wall it can produce some spotting.  Beckkss08 what ended up happening? I had a period that lasted for 12 days that started on July 26th. Its now September 8th and I have not had another period.  YOU CAN MY MOM T WAS PREAGANT ON HER PERIOD WITH MY BROTHER FOR 3 MONYH  It took me two months before I could conceive after having mine taken out. After about 3 or 4 days I started bleeding and it lasted almost a month and a half. I would wait until you have a normal period to assume you are fertile again. It can take a few months.  Go to a Doctor. Sounds like a miscarriage, but what if it's something else or it's infected? Better get it checked out.  Have you had intercourse? Could just be some left over blood.  You can't actually stop it. Your body will do what it wants. Try to remember to take your pills to prevent this.  It could be ovarian cysts like the ones I have, but you should consult with a gynecologist to rule out, or confirm this possibility.  you want to wait a few weeks after the time you became pregnant before testing. ( i have found the cheap at home tests work just as well as the expensive test.) You can try an at home test but the best way to find out is to go to the doctor and get a blood test. It is more accurate than any at home test. Also watch out for common symptoms... filling sick, throwing up, being more tired than usual, heartburn. Just to name a few. You can have all of these symptoms or none. But blood test is always best!   No contraceptive method is 100% effective, so it is always advisable to take a pregnancy test if you think that you might be pregnant, regardless of the type of contraception you are currently using or have used in the past. A pregnancy test only reacts to the pregnancy hormone human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG). However, if you are pregnant, this hormone will not be present in your urine or blood until 13 to 16 days after ovulation (the release of an egg), which is around the time that you would normally get your period. Until this time has passed it will not be possible to see a positive result in a pregnancy test. Urine tests require a certain level of HCG to be present in order to indicate a positive pregnancy result. Blood tests are more sensitive because they can detect a smaller amount of HCG, which means that pregnancies can be picked up earlier, usually between six to eight days after ovulation. You can have a blood test at your GP surgery, but it is recommended that you take a home urine test before booking an appointment. Source :- Pharmacysell  First i do like to advice you to wait for the period, if you do not see the period go for a home pregnancy test. A pregnancy test only reacts to the pregnancy hormone human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG). However, if you are pregnant, this hormone will not be present in your urine or blood until 13 to 16 days after ovulation (the release of an egg), which is around the time that you would normally get your period. Until this time has passed it will not be possible to see a positive result in a pregnancy test. Source :- Pharmacysell  First call your doctor and make an appointment right away. I had bleeding my first month and I didn't know I was pregnant. While your waiting for appointment you could get another pregnacy test.If the test is negative it is very common for women to have a miscarriage on first try especially if having trouble conceiving. Also if you were on birth control it could take longer. It took me three and a half years after being on the pill for thirteen years. Also try not to stress usually most women are successful the second time with no issues. This all depends on your health and genetics. Good luck and my prayers are with you.  I was nursing my daughter at the time, so I THINK we went with the copper because of the hormones in the Mirana? I could be wrong. I'm guessing I am since my periods are irregular now. Thanks for your help!  I know the depo shot can have horrid affects. The lupron depo shot is different, it's to help control the pain of endometriosis and help shrink it. Thank you for your answer.  the reason I can't get into the doctor is because I have no transportation. My car broke down and I have no way to fix it as of right now.  I had the Mirena in for the full 5 years, and I remember having the spotting which happened for a while. But you are mentioning that the spotting is heavier and having small clots. I think it would be wise and to just put your mind at rest that what you are experiencing is normal or needs to be looked at, because of this I would suggest you call your Dr's office and explain whats happening and they should get back to you either way to put your mind at rest.  You're most likely pregnant! Get a home pregnancy test.  The only way to know for sure if your girlfriend is pregnant is to have her take a pregnancy test.  The baby is still very small at 6 weeks. Here is a look at where things are, development-wise:  Here is some information about that I hope will be helpful. As you can see in the content, if you are having changes in your cycle, you should contact your doctor and discuss what's going on. The WebMD Answers Staff  Spotting is not considered a "true" period; rather, the first day of your period begins when you see bright red blood (instead of the brown or rust-color associated with spotting). Given the length of time you've been on depo-provera, it may take some time for your body to readjust to its regular ovulation cycle after being subjected to the artificial one created by the birth control. I wouldn't start those ovulation tests just yet--give your body time to recuperate and have a normal, natural menstrual period. You can read more about timing your intercourse to coincide with ovulation times here, or talk to your doctor about what's best for you. If you're otherwise healthy, I'm sure you'll be well on your way to a baby soon!  Yes...everytime im pregnant I don't know it because i'm always having my period..it happened twice  A couple of things:  I would take a pregnancy test if I were you, just to be sure. As far as falling a lot, I don't think falling is connected to pregnancy (from what I know). Vertigo/dizziness can be a symptom of pregnancy, per my friends... but I know there are other reasons why you can feel this way too - like an ear infection. SO! I would not assume inconsistent period and falling down = pregnancy.  it depends on how long you have had your period, if you're on medication, and your flow. usually iregular patterns ae normal especially if your light.  It could be several differing things. One, a change in anything related to your hormonal system can cause an imbalance and throw a "normal" period off. Did you start a new RX? Change vitamins, etc? Second, you might be pregnant. I strongly advise getting a blood test. And lastly, always go and speak with your Dr. He or She will be much more likely to pinpoint specifics for you. Best of luck.  Mild cramping is normal in early pregnancy. If the bleeding gets heavier or the crams get worse I would call you OB right away. Trust your gut. I you feel it's something bad then call. Good luck!!  If you had unprotected sex, it would be good to still take a pregnancy test. Some women still have periods or bleeding after getting pregnant. If you are not pregnant, check with you doctor on what could be causing your spotting. Anything that's not normal for you should be checked out.  What reason has your doctor given you for wanting to replace the IUD? It seems like it was not a great experience for you. Why does your doctor prefer that over birth control pills? I would go back to him/her and ask for more information before you make this decision. Different types of birth control have different side effects and risks, so you doctor may have something specific that he or she is worried about.  When I was on the shot, I didnt become fully regular until a year after the last injection. If you have been having unprotected sex, I suggest taking a test just to be sure.  You need to let your doctor know. I had the same issue on depo. My dr. told me that my normal hormone levels were low, so the Depo didn't increase my level high enough for my body to be tricked into stop producing eggs. He also said it is possible for me to get pregnant during this time.  from my personal experience, it is indeed after your first full period  My pregnancy test showed up positive at 4 weeks with all 3 of my pregnancies. But everyone is different, it just depends on how much of the hcg hormone you have at the time you take the test.  I have been on BOTH forms of the pill in my life. Those that stop your period, and those that don't, and in my experience it takes up to a month for the ones that stop your period to actually stop your period, but that does not necessarily mean you aren't protected against pregnancy. Having a period does not mean you are ovulating. Plenty of women have normal periods but are not ovulating and thus cannot get pregnant. The pill works by tricking your body into thinking it is already pregnant, which stops FSH (follicle stimulating hormone) production. FSH is the hormone that causes ovulation (release of an egg from your ovary). Without ovulation, you cannot become pregnant. Sperm cannot penetrate the ovary and fertilize an egg that is still within a follicle.  I would go o the ER just to be on the safe side. Anytime you have any doubt, you should get it checked out. Have you had a ultra sound done yet? Hope this helps....  Typically you would spot when you are pregnant during implantation. This would happened a few days after ovulation. Eight days after your last period is too soon to have this happen.  Yes I think you are ovulating your body is trying to catch up I think . Did you have intercourse after you lost the baby because you can be pregnant again and Think it is a normal flow . Tell me more about it ?  It could be late from stress,tiredness and or anxiousness.... give it a few more days...good luck  Have no initial bleeding yet  talk to your doctor about urinary tract infection(uti) (possibility) if u continue to see blood spotting use pads  Okay - first you need to understand that periods can change especially as you get older, with more stress, more sex, ect. The brown discharge is probably old blood, and seeing as you said it had been 12 days that may explain why it is brown and spotting - and it can last several days after your period. Pulling out is not a guarantee method of birth control (not that I am saying anything else is guaranteed), you maybe pregnant some women have their first period after conceiving. Ovarian cyst are also maybe a possibility and any chance of toxic shock syndrome? But chances are it is just an abnormal period. If it continues or you start to have pain or new symptoms the only safe bet is to call your OBGYN. Good luck!  yes i had the same for about a week ... i was told by my OBGYN it was my body cleaning its self out. Just go in if you get RED blood coming out..  I was on it for migraines. I took it for several years and then my hair started to fall out so I quit.  Thank you for your feedback. I'll be going to the emergency room as indication by the clinic i attend  yes. everyone is different though and you may have trouble getting pregnant at first.  I read that some people could get it from physical activity and a thick uterus lining (http://answers.webmd.com/answers/1197989/i-have-always-had-regular-periods?guid=1).  have you been tested for anything. myself i have those same things on my legs mostly but i just found out i have hep c. which can cause the skin to do that and skin not heal like it use to before haven caught it.its always good to be tested.  It is possible but most likely you are just spotting. Sometimes when a fertilized egg attaches to the womb wall a very little bit of blood happens. At the same time if you are not due for a period sometimes your body will discharge old blood when the egg is fertilized. It has been five days since you posted so if you don't have an answer by now I would buy an early detection test to make sure.  if you suspect that, you should probably go to a free clinic and test it. just to be safe and healthy.  It's normal. Birth control thins the lining of your uterus when you first start it, and to do this, it causes light bleeding and spotting for up to the first 3 months. If you are taking antibiotics for anything, it can also cause spotting. Other than waiting it out, there's not much you can do. If by the third month, it hasn't stopped, talk to your ob/gyn. He/she may want to try a different birth control on you. If you have not been on birth control for at least a month, and IF you SERIOUSLY don't want to get pregnant, you will need to use condoms until you start your second pill pack anyway. Talk it over with your soon to be husband (congratulations by the way) and let him know the situation and suggest he pick up some condoms, depending on how you both feel about getting pregnant right now.  a missed or late pms could also means your body and mind i stressed out. i was so stressed out a few times i missed a pms. other times it would last one or two days. and then stop. but a month later i would get my normal pms again. if it is negative, check your diet to see if you are drinking more fluids than usual that could cause some symptoms like frequent urination, also another good idea is take the HPT again  another thing that not mention that it could be cancer. ? but usually it stress or pregnant. i get them too but rarely.  http://women.webmd.com/tc/abnormal-vaginal-bleeding-topic-overview here a link to a bout spotting. hope it what you need  It is possible you are starting menopause. To check for this you need to have blood work. You can get orders from your primary care physician or gynecologist.  Yes. Any antibiotic can reduce the effectiveness of your birth control. You should use other methods of birth control for at least one week after you completed the Bactrim. When taking birth control and an antibiotic breakthrough bleeding is possible. Probably the reason behind your worry!  I would go ahead and take a home test.  Sounds to me like you are ovulating! I would take a test to make sure, but I bet you are good.  I usually see my period every 30days it always shows up on the 27th of every month,but december last year it did not show up,i got couple of signs that come and go,january 6th this year it showed up,flowed heavily the first and second day the other days it was light,february this year i started having pains in my nipples,frequent discharge thought i was pregnant but on the 16th it came,heavily the first two days and then stopped the 3rd day and came again the 4th day,am seriously have pains on my left lower side of my womb,and also having abdominal pain,please am i pregnant?  i have a period calculator that tracks my period. i've always had a normal period thats why this is bothering me. this was helpful though im gonna just have to go to my doctor.  You may have a UTI. I would call your physician and get a urine sample to see for sure.  yes you can still take a pregnancy test the spotting could just be implantation blood which is very normal at the beginning of the pregnancy  I have had these symptoms but I am going through peri menopause. I am 47. My mother went through menopause at 50. But you could still be pregnant. Take a test as soon as you can, and of course, see your doctor.  Generally speaking, one ovulates around 2 weeks before getting their period. That said, it is most likely just the ovulation causing the slight spotting. At this point it should be nothing to worry about, but if it gets heavier call your gyno.  I would Truly suggest to you...You have got to see a Dr.....This might be something serious,its Better to be Safe then to be Sorry......Wishing you the best...  It is sometimes best to wait 5-10 days after your missed period to take a home pregnancy test and get an accurate reading.  I would get checked. ITs still possible to get pregnant.  From what I've looked at, since you have had positive tests, I would say you are pregnant and should get a blood test taken at the Doctors. It is fairly common for false negatives if it's too early to test. The light bleeding could be implantation bleeding. Hope this helps.  take it easy and wait out the cramps like a warm bath. it could be just a light cycle. you should wait a few and test again.  Sounds like kidney infection  It stays in the whole time. I go see my doctor in the am to find out exactly what's wrong with me I have read that it could be a number of things and not be pregnancy related. I'll post back.  No I was spotting before I had unprotected sex. I am still in the window where Plan B would be effective.  Does anyone know the answer?  Well since your not pregnant your periods could just be very irregular but you should go see a doctor  not every women feels symptoms when there prego i didnt know ... i had a person and ill never forget asked me if i was prego and i thogught surly this person it nuts cause i was 95 lbs and he had began telling me about his own daughter and the look they their eyes when their having a baby i said to myself what the heck ill take a test i was 8 weeks and didnt have a clue. i even had my peroid for 4 months , so i would take a test for one and its not uncommon to have some spot bleeding which is small amounts of blood here and there , if your trying for a child this could be what youve been trying for :) and discomfort in the tummy could be from the egg aka ur baby sticking itself to the wall of you , they say it can cause both the spotting and the pain .... hope this help and if you are prego congrats :)  kinda need a bit more information, have you had unprotected sex before your missed peroid? are you taking any birth control? spotting can be cause by many things but in this case it sounds like there may be a chance your prego and its common to spot when the egg attaches itself to you , i would take a prego test , i dont think that having sex after your missed period would have made it happen its possible that it pulled down the blood that would have come out either way. if your having lil cramps slight ones another sign you may be prego, also check your breast if they seem swollen and painful another sign , i think its best to take a hpt nd see what happens if your not prego you my want to give your gyn a call and see if she think you should come in , hope this helps  thats very true i had my period for 4 months with my son and if it wasent for someone asking me if i was prego , which was kinda weird for me since i was 95 lbs , something made me take the test and i was already 8 weeks didnt have a clue !  also for me i wasent normal for more than a year , thats very normal with depo i dont think its anything to worry about , if your trying to have a baby it likely you wont be able to untill a year or so after getting of the shot .... i got prego with my son i year and 5 months after getting off the shot , if you are trying its best to take an opk to see of your ovulating again :)  It could be something simple such as a UTI but I would call your doctor's office today (since you are pregnant and spotting) and inform them. They may be able to squeeze you in earlier or just give some reassurance.  There is a whole bunch of reasons you could be spotting anxiety, medication, weight gain/loss.  Will you please see a gynecologist?  Have you ever been tested for endometriosis? From what you're describing, it seems like a distinct possibility to me.  My advice would to buy another test if you don't start soon. Sometimes you can get a false negative when you take an otc test. Even if it's still negative you should go see your OB to be on the safe side. When I was pregnant with my daughter I took 4 test and they all came back negative. I went to see my OB and found out I was 9 weeks pregnant. My OB told me that some of the meds I was on were what was causing the test to come back negative. So it's worth a trip to the OB to be on the safe side if you don't start soon.  I forgot to mention that I started taking Progesterone on the first day of my cycle (due to being slightly out of balance). Would this be a possible reason I am spotting mid cycle? ..I took a PG test today just out of curiosity and it was negative. I don't think I am pregnant especially since the test is negative and I shouldnt have ovulated that early after my period, but just curious as to why I would spot mid cycle, because I NEVER spot in between periods. Thanks for your response.  yes u could go see a doctor to be for sure  Interesting...Do you think you are pregnant?  I have heard that a lot of ppl get pregnant on this specfic bc. The best way to know if you are pregnant is go ahead and take a test if it is negative try again in two weeks.  My periods are very regular and not on meds!  You can have periodic spotting and bleeding while on birth control pills even though its not technically your time. You are putting hormones into your body and altering it's balance. Its happens. I would be concerned if this is an ongoing issue for multiple months. And for next week, you will probably just continue to have your period throughout the week. It will most likely be much lighter.  thank you for answering this..i had the same thing happen with my first pregnancy.i spotted/bleed thru the first 6 months and went to the doctor for what I thought was a cold too.i had no symtoms of being pregnant so when the told me I was 6 months along I almost passed out..he became very active after I found out...I was hoping this was happening again, and nothing was wrong..glad to know im not the only one who went thru it..  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  Spotting is us usually just very small amounts of pink or red-blood from the vagina or uterus.Woman have normal discharges from the vagina as well but anything that is not pink or red but clear or yellow, heavy, really slimy and smelly could be a vaginal yeast infection. Usually with a yeast infection there is itching but not always.  You could be pregnant in the tubes, never know until you have an examination by your ob/gyn. It could also be some kind of cyst or ulceration. ..so for example after having see it reopens the cuts causing immediate bleeding. Bright blood is fresh new blood so something like that makes sense. Obviously, you need to see a doctor to confirm what's going on .  Yes and it depends on the cycle you when you were on the pill and off if u if period was on different cycles when u were take the pill then. Going to probably start late or to early but if it never change u should be fine  Yes it can  Hi,  yes if you feel there is something wrong with your pregnancy you should see a doctor right away  I don't really have an answer for you but I was wondering the same thing.I have had my tubes tied for 10 years now, however, my husband and I didn't have relations for over three years and I have had irregular periods for the last twelve years. We had relations on Dec. 25th and now I have been feeling morning sickness, tender breast, hungrier then normal, light headed, spacey, heartburn, hiccups, a swollen abdomen area and more emotional. I have also done 2 preg. tests and they both came back neg. Could I be preg.? 			  You may be pregnant! I've been reading a lot since I am 3 days late and it sounds like it could be implantation bleeding which is usually very light pink or spotting (some people describe it as a light period and/or shorter period than normal). You can test since you're almost a week late. Mine are all coming out negative but I feel pregnant. Good luck!  but is it possible that I am pregnant  